user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,460930,32394714,Posted: 13 June,all,Hi,"As a singleplayer experience, I can see where this game would get a lot of hate.  It IS repetitive and many missions seem the same as the last.  The only reason I love this game and can recommend it is because of how fantastically fun it is with a few friends.For Example:Just a few days ago my friend and I were chasing down a supply truck headed who knows where.  I call in a heli and he gets in.  While I fly next to the truck my friend attempts to shoot out the tires but the weak bullets seem to almost bounce off the sturdy structure of the truck.  Plan B.  Without saying anything I let up the throttle.  My friend is confused but I continue.  Full throttle.  The heli slowly tilts down as it gains speed and heads closer and closer to the ground and the truck.  I jump out and my friend follows just as the heli crashes into the truck in a massive, flaming explosion.  We hide behind the truck while fighting off hoards of bad guys.  Grenades, bullets, and various warcries in Spanish can be heard.  We eventually defeat our foes and tag the supplies, cheer together, mission over.This game is so much fun with friends, I can't recommend it enough."
,Not Recommended,460930,31246450,Posted: 19 April,all,Dr. Mindbender,"This game was a fantastic time in BetaThen this game was a fantastic time when releasedThen they fixed a few things with the first patch, fair enough. Thanks for listening, UbisoftThen another update rolls out, bug fixes, thanks again. But now they have adopted this policy of ""If it isn't broke, fix it until it is"". So now squad combat is worsened and vehicle handling also has worsened. Glitches with multiplayer, lobbies, matchmaking, missions showing checkpoints that don't exist (on SP and MP) appear out of nowhere. So thanks for nothing on that one.Another patch, another ruined mechanic. And then..Narco Road comes out. This is Ubioft's method of taking the very brand that is Ghost Recon...spreading it out on a table...and SKULL RAPEING IT FOR ALL TO SEE.Seriously, folks...who in the wide blue FUQ goes to GHOST RECON to wear flamboyant attire, and drive stupid cars (also, handling was made worse YET again!). The moment you ask me to put a hostile into a car and DO STUNTS TO SCARE HIM INTO SUBMISSION...you have just defected so far from the Ghost Recon brand that I am utterly sickened.I played for 104 hours total, 81 of which were in the first two weeks. Those two weeks were golden. I genuinely had no complaints, other than those trivial. But they were just part of the games mechanics. It never made me feel like the immersion was lost.I can no longer reccomend this game to anybody. It has been completley tainted and this is ONLY THE FIRST DLC TO RELEASE. I am totally regretful I purchased the season pass included in the gold package because I loved the beta so  much. I reiterate - If it ain't broke, DON'T FIX IT.Narco Road could be a useable concept in this title, but unfortunatley they have completley defected from the way Ghost Recon should be seen and played. If you want to do vehicle stunts and fly through rings in your helicopter or plane, you will go play Grand Theft Auto. Not a tactical shooter.They no longer let you use drone for remote download or recon and the missions are weak and hollow - no substance. You also have to go to the mission point now, just to be breifed and go travel in the opposite direction. It makes no sense, your character also still talks as if his squad of Ghosts are there, but you remain solo.Any true fan of Ghost Recon who plays this game after the first two weeks of release will be utterly dissapointed. This is the death throws of a once great franchise.RIP Ghost Recon"
76561198003026615,Recommended,460930,30741064,Posted: 25 March,all,RivaL[.]ReNeGaDe,"Pros:+ Graphics are beautiful looking+ Sounds are amazing from walking to firing off different weapons+ Guns and using the Gunsmith+ Open world and you can do any mission is any order you want to+ A good story, but based more on investigations and missions rather than just pure dialogue (e.g. RP games).+ Background information about Bolivia and that a lot of it is based on actual facts+ CustomizationsNeutral:*/- Stealth*/- CamouflageCons:-  AI at times makes you question their intelligence- Driving a car can feel like you’re constantly playing a drifting simulator- Crashes that happen once in a while when playing co-opThe story really isn’t a story, but about missions with slight background knowledge about who you need to take out. You hardly know anything about who you are, who your operatives that you work with are, or who your boss is and know very little about even the organization you work for. They made the story more or less to investigation and/or criminal solving shows (Law and Order, Criminal Minds, etc.) in sense where you finish a case and move onto the next case. In the end, you know more about the enemy than you do about yourself and/or your own operatives. They did an excellent job at executing the story in this regard, but don’t expect a big time story from games that relate more around Roleplaying titles.The game looks amazing. All my settings are on max and never seen any AA issues; as well never seen any stuttering or FPS drops. The grass and bushes will move or get flatten when moving over them or when in prone position so you can flatten the grass, move back slightly, and snipe people from afar. The different biomes and the weather effects with a day and night cycle makes the game feel realistic and does an accurate job (more or less based on the given Kilometers within the game) of showing off Bolivia’s landscape.The sounds whether walking on snow, dirt, mud, or diving into the water is very noticeable. It adds to that realism compared to other games where a lot of the footing is the same regardless what biome you’re in. The voice actors do a good job at commenting about missions, syncing shots, cinematics that occur, and just bluntly describing how they’d love to ‘stick it to them’. At times they’ll throw in a joke or give some insight about where they came from and/or who they (not a lot, but at least it’s something). Vehicles in general sound different from one another; whether it’s a four door coup, to a lambo, to a pick-up truck, they all have their distinctive sounds. Both helicopters sound different from one another and the bush plane sounds like a bush plane.From firing off a MP5 to a M4A1 to a G28 all sound genuine to their counterparts. Adding a compressor only makes it feel more genuine when doing stealth combat. You have an ample amount of customization for your weapons: scopes, barrels, grips, muzzles, triggers, stocks, and few other options. Each option as dozen or more items that help with accuracy, handling, rate of fire, damage, etc.; you customize your weapon based on your playstyle or how you want the weapon to feel in terms of gun n’ gun, aiming, or hip fire. Depending on how customize your weapons they’ll lean toward one direction or have a recoil higher than other weapons and they feel all very accurate based on how you fit your weapon. Also, you have multiple options to paint your weapons.This game has kept its word about doing any province in any order you want to. I felt like this was a great aspect of the game and a feature that wasn’t a lie or falsely advertised. I went from one area to another based on certain weapons and gadgets for said weapons early on and finished other zones for pure enjoyment. You have multiple ways of transportation: cars, trucks, diesel trucks; planes, helicopters, boats, motorcycles, and parachutes. You do have to get used to flying, but once you have that in place flying becomes easier that other modern warfare titles. Some of the vehicles are horrendous when driving regardless of how fast or slow one would takes around a curve or eases on the brakes. Some of the vehicles feel like they were imported from an actual drifting game and with a lot of roads being on hills and/or trying to pursuit someone can become an absolute headache at times.Customization in general of your character is appealing compared to other titles that fit within this genre. You can wear sunglasses, hat, different vest types, you can wear civilian clothing and/or military clothing; you can mismatch items and numerous color variations regardless how you pick your items. When it comes to using camouflage to hide yourself from enemies, this concept goes entirely out of the window. You could be engulfed in a full ghillie suit and the enemy will still see you a few hundred meters away. This is applied if you’re in full black camouflage and in pitch darkness where they don’t have any Night Vision on and still can see you through the brush when using a compressor. I would like to see some rework on how camouflage works as this is a major factor at times when using stealth against the enemy.Most of the times stealth works to a degree; one can sneak up behind an enemy and eliminate them in melee or sniping them well over five hundred meters away. Factors that can hurt your stealth is noise (gunfire, running, explosions, etc.), another guard seeing the corpse of a fallen member, or being noticed because camouflage didn’t do its job. There are traits to help prevent from being detected, which at times makes it too easy (e.g. If you’re about to be spotted and you’re hundred and twenty meters away, just prone and they’ll stop noticing you). There are devices to help distract guards to your location so you can pick them off without someone else spotting their body. I would’ve liked to see an option about picking up the corpse and moving it instead of waiting a few seconds and having it magically disappear. Also, regardless of what weapon you use, you can one shot anyone as long as you’re in stealth mode. I understand this helps in co-op to do sync shots, but I feel like that this method is way too easy. If you’re not in co-op mode, sync shots with your AI counterparts are an amazing feature and it helps clear out majority of the operations you take.The AI at times can be the best help or the worst help. They will NOT engage unless you command them to do so or if you are under heavy amounts of fire where you will automatically command your operatives to attack. They will remain in stealth mode for majority of the time and the more you upgrade your sync shots the more use you can get out from your operatives. When they do open fire, they just seem at times not knowing how to eliminate an enemy when it really matters. There really isn’t a middle ground with your AI operatives. I’ve seen them meters away from an enemy and just eating all their bullets instead of turning around and shooting them instead. The AI does need work, but you can finish the game on a higher difficulty – just expect a headache at times dealing with them.I did experience some crashes when playing in co-op mode and when I finished the game (both endings). In co-op mode, if one person joins the game, then it’s you two vs Bolivia instead of two people and two AI, or three players and one AI. The AI will still talk even though they aren’t in your squad and it’s to keep the immersion within the game. I never experienced any lag or disconnects when playing with my friends, but the crashes would happen randomly. Co-op needs work, but when it does work it is an amazing experience with friends.I recommend buying this title to play with your friends. Unfortunately, I can't add any more information - I exceeded the amount."
76561198030232936,Not Recommended,460930,31414791,Posted: 28 April,all,gandafl the dyslectic,"Bought the game through steam and the season pass through the ingame store.So now i can`t play the Dlc and the solution from ubisoft ""buy it again through steam"".This might be the last ubisoft game i buy"
,Recommended,460930,30367627,Posted: 6 March,all,dm,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands ReviewFirst impressionsThis game ran very smooth for me. The game have been optimzed very good since the open beta. My frame-rate never dropped below 75+ fps at near max settings. No crashes or stuttering. The game seems to be getting some pretty bad reviews for so many bad reasons, the usual graphics, 'the physics, open world and driving arent like GTA etc... I think people should take time to appreciate the elements and concepts going on and you will realise it is a good and fun game. People nowdays just dont appreciate games like this anymore sadly. People will also just hate the game just cause' it is ubisoft. If its open world it has to be like gta. If its a shooter it has to be some online mulitplayer shootem run and gun. this is an old school gamers game. Alot of people were also saying this game is just a divsion reskin. In my opinion this is nothing like the division and are different games.  Its similarity is that it's a third person fps to first person aim. The game in my opinon follows more closely to the Farcry series, if you loved farcry you will love this game no doubt. The game it self is epic. Huge map, very interactive and alive. Squad base physics where youcan sneek and wipe out an enemy outpost or go in all guns blazing. It's your choice.There is a skill tree to unlock the perks you want.StealthStealth is definitely the way to go and it looks like this it what the game mainly wants you to do, but you can still have a lot of fun rambo the enemy on the streets, going full MLG 420 style.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878633377http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878633440http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878701019Positives & NegativesPositives:•Plenty of side missions so there is plenty of things to do.•Each mission is your option. I.e loud and rambo mode or sneaky ninja•Co-op is fun.•Dynamic World•The single player experience is pretty fun and nice to chill out to.•The map has little heat spots which show the density of enemies in the area.•Pieces of intelligence can be gathered in order to activate side missions and upgrade your character.•I had a great deal of fun with it, that and I have not played the other Ghost Recon game.•Very nice character customisation.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878642296•The online connectivity is pretty stable•Amazing graphics like all Ubisoft games•Co-op everything with up to 4 friends•Tactical game play•Beautiful even on low graphics•100s of hours of gameplay ( If you do EVERYTHING)Negatives:• No ""Jump"" button, instead you are forced to only jump when its available.•Physics are a bit crazy sometimes (was complete mental during the open beta)•The controls for the vehicles on both keyboard and controller are wierd af.•Not that well optimised for machines which are at or above the minimum requirements.•Car controls are hard to get used to and can randomly change directions at will.•If the server disconnects and the co-op partner is the driver of a vehicle you are in, the controls seem to lock and the vehicle sporadically moves sometimes.•Poor car physics ,it's like driving a car in csgo in early beta mod stages , feels very clunky•Helicopter has a weird self leveling style which make it very hard to control,  not a great experiencehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878633397•Third person view could be set a little further away from character in my opinion (yes, i know about extended fov.)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878634874DisappointedI was hoping for ubisoft for once to not take this direction, but alot of game does this nowdays, but i still don't support this. What i'm i talking about? -> ""In-game currency""..You have to pay for a Flag badge for example, its not unlocked in the base-game.You can buy all scopes. All attachments. Basically Everything. This is so sad to see, as it makes grinding more pointless. They clearly milking you for that cash.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878718001http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878718423How this game feels likeWildlands is:...like Just Cause series, except instead of getting around by having actual fun with the in-game physics, your main way of travel will be by teleporting with fast travel like a wizard from harry potter....like GTA V, except the cities , smooth and working vehicle controls, good customization and player population....like Borderlands, except the variety of equipment and weapons....like Battlefield, except the map and world design is generic and there aren't almost even any hints of destructible enviroments on the world map....like Splinter Cell, except the AI is like spinbotters from CS:GO non-prime on anything above normal difficulty....like Sleeping Dogs, except instead of having an intriguing and borderline alternative story where you choose your actions and pick a side with consequences, you're instead force-fed the most generic plotline ever....like Watch Dogs, except instead of having ""smoothly"" transitioning between players in singleplayer and multiplayer, you are instead thrown back and forth in the form of neutral and boring af loading screens....like Titanfall, except the high-end PvE and PvP content available.Trading CardsYESSteam AchievementsNOUplayYESVAC EnabledNOAnti-CheatYES : ''EasyAntiCheat''Internet connection requiredNOOffline play/soloYESSeason pass worth buyingNot recommendedMetascore | User score*??| ??[/tr]File Size40.7GB~AppID460930Game worth buying?YESDo you recommend this game?Yes, definitely. The game have it's flaws but well worth the buy. Its a good and fun game.Review update (WARNING! SPOILERS!)Negative:-Enemies disappear after 500m (if not scoped on)-Bullets sems to travel much slower than in reality-Story doesn't make much sense after last mission is completed, (when bowman takes down sueno), the rebels is still on your side(they wont shoot you) and if you still have some missions left the people you have taken down will talk from the dead.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=880234303http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=880535791http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=880534268- If you focus on only the main story missions your looking at 35hrs of gameplay tops.- There is nothing to do after the main story is completed (well you can try and collect all medals, legends and side-missions but those are boring af)- Very little variation in jets and helicopters (only 2 jets in the game wtf)- The enemies look ALL the SAME (exept the bosses)- No ""end-game"" like in The Division-------------------------System:i7-3770k 4.6 overclocked32gb ramTitan X SC"
76561198075677347,Not Recommended,460930,31228482,Posted: 18 April,all,Chandler,"I loved wildlands up until the Narco Road DLC. It was fun, solo or coop, with  many hours of content. But then Ubisoft decided that all your work on the main campaign was irrelevant, and made you start a whole new character to play the DLC. You unlocked some skill early on, but all your weapons are gone!In order to complete an area, you have to do some just cause 3 style bs with extreme sports and the like, and I refuse. Screw you Ubisoft, only you could manage to ♥♥♥♥ up a good game with DLC. Only you."
,Recommended,460930,30615083,Posted: 19 March,all,FOXDIE,"Maybe the best map i have seen in games. Big, detailed and live. Plus great graphics, perfect sounds, fluid gameplay and good atmosphere: Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands is one of the best games even it is an Ubisoft product. Car and aircraft physics are the biggest cons with some other minors.-Is it playable solo?-Absolutely. You can command your crew and also rebels to play tactical style. It works in most situations. Of course playing with friends is better but if you  have to play solo, this game is perfect for you. I strongly recommend you to play SLOW. Dont rush anything, think before you act, command AI, watch videos, read intels, spend time in villages and cities, watch the enviroment, follow the story. Otherwise the game will be a pain for you. Personally i have finished 1/10 of the game in 15 hours. That speed appear to be my sweet point to get the most fun. Have fun!"
,Recommended,460930,30411331,Posted: 9 March,all,ThesaurusPG,"If you have a powerful rig, at least one partner for co-op (full-team is the most fun) and some imagination this game is really good.Gameplay with HUD disabledhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YqfWJdn-ho+ map (map size, details, several biomes)+ in-depth customization of gear (be the ghost you want to be)+ coop drop in/out seamlessly+ random fun moments with friends+ teamwork pays off+ HUD can be toggled on/off and can be customized as well+ gameplay feels ""right""+ high immersion (without HUD)+ character animations very smooth and realistic (climbing out of a car window if the door is stuck)o missions (a few are interesting, some are dull, repetitive, however, they do the job)o performance/ optimization could be better- AI sometimes too good at aiming (dual-wielding MAC10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s will kill you instantly over a range of 150m)- lack of enemy variation- singleplayer experience mediocre at best (better with friends)- car/ helicopter/ plane physics rather bad (also cars are too similar to each other)If you are looking for an open world title to play with a friend/ friends there is nothing you can do wrong with Ghost Recon Wildlands. In short, it is a solid game (singleplayer)/ a great game (multiplayer).8/10."
,Recommended,460930,30369274,Posted: 7 March,all,NGP J33BUZ,great game but good ♥♥♥♥ing god its 2017 put a jump mechanic in your game so i dont get stuck in a ♥♥♥♥ing tiny 3 inch deep hole made of rocks!
76561197988144502,Not Recommended,460930,30453122,Posted: 11 March,all,FailureToReport,"Very Positive? I'm honestly shocked, I guess I'll be ""that guy""....Buckle Up Buckeroo.....In A Nutshell: Wildlands offers a very fun short term experience, especially with friends. Remember when No Man's Sky was getting rave reviews from people who had put hardly any time into it and not even left the starting planet? The same thing is happening here. Ghost Recon Wildlands(GR:W) offers a lot of fun initial experience, the first few hours are a blast when you're not really geared and missions seem fresh.After getting the pace of the game things start to feel very bland and repetitive. Yes, you can ""approach missions differently"", I guess? How many different ways can you approach breaking into an enemy base/stronghold? You're still doing the same thing, either trying to sneak in quietly or blowing the doors off.  The outcome is that either you kill everyone off without being detected, or you deal with constant waves of ""reinforcements"" (Ok, if they are cartel, they usually stop after you've killed everyone who knows you are there)Now as mentioned above, this game is MUCH more enjoyable with friends, I haven't played any matches with Randoms, because why would I? The biggest reason I suggest playing with friends though is because the AI Teammates are LITERALLY USELESS. You are forced into playing the ""Stealth"" approach on Advanced or Extreme difficulty frankly due to the fact that the Enemy AI are 360 No Scoping Aimbots who can detect and find you no matter where you go once they get tipped off, while your team Ghosts will literally stand next to the enemy as the bad guy shoots you to death. DON'T TRUST YOUR AI BATTLE BUDDY!If you are looking for a ""military"" themed sandbox to mess around in for a few days and that experience is worth $60 to you, GR:W is the game for you, otherwise, it's very very repetitive, the AI is absolutely terrible, the flying controls are dumbed down in attempt to make it so ""everyone"" can use them to the point that everyone is just frustrated with them, the render distance on enemies is VERY short in comparison to the world around you (At 600M enemy infantry models despawn, odd in a game with multiple weapons whose max effective range is more than double that).Ghost Recon Wildlands lacks any depth and in all honesty, It is The Division with dialed down RPG mechanics and zero depth once you get bored with the same missions over and over and over and over. Of my currently 72 hours played on Day 5 of release (STEAM COUNTS CLIENT RUNNING AS PLAY TIME, dont have 96 hours active play, you tard troll morons) , I would say a hefty portion of those have been just messing around with friends, the issue is there are game mechanics and designs that make even that a pain instead of just being a fun side option.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------That's the best I can do to sum up GR:W without going super into detail yet still explaining my reasoning, below is a much more in depth Pro/Con & ThoughtsPros:- Very Robust Weapon Choices across multiple ""Classes"" of weapon- Each weapon usually has a large group of choices in weapon parts to further create depth- The open and hostile world makes for some incredible moments when playing with friends- The game world looks really great! I'm on a 970 4gb card and running on High it looks pretty great!- The story, if you pay attention to it all, is actually pretty cool and interesting- The different game difficulty options scale how nasty the enemy is, not how bullet sponge/weak you are- Character customization is awesome! I think we waited for almost 30 minutes for one friend on release night because he was playing around with the outfits for so long, best part is you can change your look anytime you want!- Base Jumping anyone? It's really cool and you feel pretty accomplished when you pull off a short fall jump because it isn't like Battlefield 4's ""You can parachute from anything!"" I've seen so many pancaked friends....full ptsd.Cons:- Team AI is absolutely HORRIBLE. Your fellow ghosts will fail to fire, cover your back, anything. They are utterly useless for anything besides using the Mark/Sync Shot exploit to shoot enemies through walls/houses/etc. To make it worse, the games controls were OBVIOUSLY built around console, because to tell them to do anything you have to hold down TAB then use your mouse wheel to scroll left or right along a circle to tell them to Hold Position/Open Fire/Regroup/Go To- All those Gun choices and Depth are completely meaningless. It all comes down to ""which gun does the most damage and has the largest magazine"". Sniper Rifles are all the same in terms of ballistics when they all have the same parts, so a .50 Cal rifle like the HTI is the clear choice for any long range sniping (The MSR is a close second, but due to the damage the HTI does it one shots Helicopters and most every other vehicle in game) For close quarters sniping (300m or less) one of the high capacity Semi-Auto's works best, however my playstyle is all long range so I just switch to the MSR since the extended magazine for it puts me at 10 and that's more than enough).- The world is big and beautiful, but it takes forever to get anywhere on the ground, so you need to learn to fly the terrible controls Helicopter and Planes. The controls aren't hard to learn, by the 2nd province I was doing every mission by flying mach 1 up to the target and doing running landings right into the base, the problem is they are SO dumbed down it's frustrating when you can't do what you want. Want to slide/strafe that heli to better land or let your gunners on the skid/minigun take out that vehicle? You can't do that, there's no side to side control, instead the game has Up/Down, Forward/Backwards, and then a blend of Turn/Roll/Slide bound to your A and D keys.- Dismantling the entire cartel doesn't matter. Even after getting 100% completion with supporting the Rebel forces and killing every single Cartel boss, the only difference in the world is a few more Green dots (rebels) driving around the map, half the time they just cruise right by Cartel & Unidad (the Bolivian corrupt army) forces, so it literally doesn't matter.- Enemy forces and bases respawn, so added to the fact that there's no real difference to the overall game map, even victories like clearing out an enemy airbase feels pointless, because guess what, EVERYTHING respawns the second you leave the area/render range.- Tying into two above points. SAMs. SAMs everywhere. The second you get out of the starting provinces, they are literally everywhere and they lock you regardless of your altitude so the only thing you can do is once you know where they are, try to fly with objects between you when you can, or try dodging the missiles. ""Blow them up FTR!"" Yeah, except when you hunt them all down and blow them up, the second you leave render range, they respawn, so even after you go around finding them all and SAM hunting, they come back the second you leave. Flying in the western provinces (especially the north) is almost annoying enough to make you want to drive 10km instead of fly it.-Reptitive Missions, everywhere you go, it's the same scheme: Snatch some HVT, Kill some HVT, infiltrate some base without being detected and grab some thing. From the starting province to the last one you complete, it's the same thing over and over.- The ""call for a vehicle"" rebel perk places your requested Helicopter in the most idiotic places. I've stood on large open flat areas and requested my Vehicle Pickup only to have it spawn on the side of a mountain and then slide and tumble down into something that will snap the rotor blades off the second you get in. Like so many times now I can't even recount.- UNIDAD: F these guys. They spawn ontop of you and the more you♥♥♥♥♥♥them off, the worse it gets."
,Recommended,460930,31148366,Posted: 14 April,all,⭐MY.HEART⭐[TH],"First, I'm sorry for my bad English because I am Thai.A fun and gorgeous game. I've played Far Cry, Watch Dogs, and the Division, and many UBISOFT games.People have said this is the greatest of all those games combined and to a certain extent, I agree. There is also some Just Cause 3 in it.However, the game-play is smooth and the graphics on PC are beautiful. No complaints here.I did not get this game for multiplayer as so many have said it's much better.I can see how that would be so if you go at it with people you know and friends.I'm having a blast playing single player with no problem. It's way better than any of the other games I've mentioned above.It still should have been 1st person like the classic original though.Pros.-Beautiful Graphics and Scenery-Plenty of collectables-Good co-op experience-Fun to play-Character and Weapon Customization-Very big mapCons.-Bugs and glitches everywhere-Bad A.I.-Bad Vehicle spawn sometimes"
76561198007273109,Recommended,460930,30880451,Posted: 1 April,all,Crosseyed_Jim,"Despite some problems and strange design oversights, Ghost Recon Wildlands feels like a Ghost Recon game to me again. I know, I know. Everyone says it doesn’t feel like Ghost Recon. I contend that this difference of opinion is due to the fact that Wildlands gives you the freedom to make of it what you will, meaning that patience and tactical behavior are choices rather than enforced gameplay mechanics.First, I should say that Wildlands is gorgeous. I have a reasonably decent rig (GTX 970 FTW, i5 4690k @ 4.2 GHz, 16 GB RAM), and I was able to run the game on a mixture of mostly high and very high settings at a comfortable framerate after Ubi’s performance patches. I typically got at or near 60 FPS in most situations, though the game does dip uncomfortably often into the 40s in areas with heavy vegetation, many enemies or effects, or both. There are also periodic mini-freezes in which the game locks up for no apparent reason for 10 seconds or more, only to resume right where you left off as if nothing happened. These hitches are frustrating, but not game breaking.Your soldier’s character animations ooze military authenticity, the many varied environments of Bolivia are both rugged and absolutely beautiful, and detail is evident in every part of the game. Lay down in a salt flat, for instance, and your character will stand up with chalky white powder on his uniform. Use your guns for too long, and they will begin to show paint scratching and wear until you refresh their paint. Thick grass sways in the wind, dust blows across arid mountains and deserts, and glimmering rivers wind their ways across the landscape.Bolivia is enormous and massively varied. Whereas other Ghost Recon games tended to pick one type of climate (then ask you to purchase expansions providing new environments), Wildlands offers a startling array of environmental diversity. There are jungles, plains, farms, swamps, mountains, arid hills, deserts, salt flats, canyons, pine forests—the list goes on. All of these environments are fantastically crafted to feel both rugged and convincing. Many of these environments promote certain playstyles. Lush jungles, for instance, make it hard to snipe effectively into bases, leading players to sneak up to enemy compounds in the thick vegetation. Arid mountains, on the other hand, provide little concealment on approach to a base and offer interesting geographic challenges, encouraging players to scout and engage from a distance.If there’s a problem with Wildlands’ Bolivia, it’s that it is sometimes too big. Roads are often jagged and windy, meaning that the most efficient way to travel is almost always by helicopter. As a result, I found myself spending a lot of my time fast traveling between various safehouses until I could find one with a helicopter. Maybe that’s a good thing; sticking to established roads would mean missing most of the backcountry glory of Wildlands’ environments. But beautiful environments notwithstanding, travel in Wildlands can be a hassle.The overarching story is a bit simplistic (dismantle a drug cartel), but each of the game's dozens of provinces has a smaller, more interesting backstory behind it that feeds into the larger strategic objective. In one province, I was tasked with finding and capturing a man who makes the bodies of the cartel’s victims disappear by tracking a “death truck” as it made its morbid rounds. In another province, I had to hunt down and kill a former U.S. soldier who was taking a paycheck to train cartel foot soldiers. In still another, I had to track and assassinate two sadistic cartel torturers. I found the vast majority of these mini-stories much more compelling than the overall narrative, and it was satisfying to really feel like I was helping take apart a massively complex criminal organization one piece at a time.How you play Wildlands will have a large impact on how much you enjoy your time with the game. At its best in the hands of a patient team of players, the game feels like a brilliant reimagining of the old SOCOM and GRAW games. There are few things more satisfying than taking the time to recon a large enemy base using a small drone, planning a route to the objective, then slipping in quietly and efficiently without setting off an alarm. In these tactical, stealthy scenarios, the game is absolutely brilliant.However, with the exception of a handful of inta-fail stealth missions, Wildlands does not require players to play tactically. There are few penalties for simply setting off an alarm—something that can happen as easily as missing a shot on bad guy or dropping someone whose body is in plain view of his friends—because the difficulty of the game is lacking. Even on Extreme, the game feels too forgiving. As a result, players have little incentive to worry much about making mistakes or planning tactically. Instead, most of my experiences with the game in co-op amounted to all-out assaults on enemy bases. That might be fine for some folks, but I think it accentuates Wildlands’ weaknesses.Wildlands feels amazing as a stealthy tactical shooter, but marginal at best as an action-packed third-person shooter. It’s very clear that the game was designed to be played tactically, and it is fantastically enjoyable and satisfying when that playstyle is adopted. But when players decide to go Rambo, the game feels clunky and awkward and unimpressive. Given how often I saw players adopting the latter approach, it’s no surprise that many of them find the game lacking. They simply aren’t playing it as it was meant to be played.Truthfully, though, the tendency to just go nuts is probably not the fault of the players. Wildlands makes no real effort to enforce or even encourage tactical play. Most shooters like this one allow players to play them like Call of Duty if they so choose, but those players understand that such tactics will likely result in death and mission failure. Not so in Wildlands. Similarly, a lot of games have adopted mission rating structures (bronze, silver, gold, etc.) that allow players to do whatever they want, but require thoughtful play to achieve higher rankings. Not so in Wildlands. Still other shooters allow players who, like me, tend to restart missions when stealth is broken to reload a checkpoint and try again. Not so in Wildlands. Instead, players have to commit suicide or leave the game in order to reset to a checkpoint.As a result, the ability of tactically minded players to truly enjoy Wildlands will come down to their ability to maintain discipline on their own without any external prompting or encouragement. The same goes for any players they join in co-op. I quickly found that the latter option was all but impossible, so I was faced with a stark choice: stick to solo, where I could control the playstyle and pace of the game but was saddled with questionably useful AI teammates and severely limited order options, or take my chances in co-op knowing that it likely would devolve into an over-the-shoulder shooting gallery. I often chose the solo route. The game was still enjoyable that way—enough so that I think tactical single players will like Wildlands just fine. But I desperately wished for deeper tactical options with my AI team (individual orders, anyone?), and I couldn’t escape the feeling of lost potential. With some different design choices, Wildlands could have been the tactical co-op experience of the generation. No such luck.All things considered, I greatly enjoyed my time with Wildlands. Played correctly, it is easily on par with the Advanced Warfighter games. While the gameplay is similar throughout, that gameplay is strong enough and the environments diverse enough that the game stayed fresh for me all the way through the roughly 65 hours it took me to complete it. If you're into tactical play, you should definitely check this one out."
,Recommended,460930,31611975,Posted: 7 May,all,✪ Noure,"Well, clearly I like this game if you take a look at my time played. So I figured it's probably worth leaving a review in case you were considering getting this. First, a look at why I purchased the game.I really wanted a game where I could take my time and play as an overwatch marksman and just snipe people, which Wildlands offers in abundance. At the time Sniper GW 3 wasn't out and the Sniper Elite franchise has a story that is on rails.Wildlands is open world with absolutely beautiful scenery. The game looks flat out amazing. Weapon graphics, clothing, vehicles, and the world all have amazing graphics. If you fire at the same target from different distances, the bullet holes will look different. It's incredibly well done in that regard. Physics include bullet drop. AI accounts for rain and night time. It really does offer an immersion if that is what you want. Or you can become rambo and use an LMG as you walk through explosions. There is a true variety to how you play AND the games tracks it. It records stats and gives you a game style based on your preference. I have personally played as Overwatch and Ranger, though I am not sure what the requirements are for these titles after 200 hours.The story is interesting overall. If you are OCD like me and you unlock literally everything, you get to read and listen to a lot of the pieces to the story that piece together somewhat of a puzzle. That said, the missions are really repetitive. The rebel missions are the same, finding skill points and weapons doesn't change throughout the game. The only real joy you will get after a while is doing the story missions just so you get something different coming your way. The cut-scenes are in the same building, but the dialogue and action make it very interesting.Gameplay. Ah, the gameplay. Driving is weird. It's really cool how all vehicles handle differently with some excelling in certain areas like off-roading, but the overall control can be hard to get used to at first. Flying is very fun and you can get quite high to do a HALO jump in, if that's your thing. You can upgrade your character to run further, quieter, through explosions, and bouncing bullets depending on what you upgrade first. If you collect everything there are more than enough skill points to upgrade everything for the perfect soldier. However you can't upgrade running into these areas where you literally get stuck. In true Ubisoft fasion there are places everywhere that you just get stuck in. Sometimes you cannot even kill yourself to get out and revive, you have to transport to a different area and clear out sicario all over again.This is just the start of the massive list of bugs. Bugs are everywhere effecting everything. Some will get fixed and then you get the privilege of finding new bugs. Here is the BEST one: your character can LITERALLY get reset on skills and levels. Cloud saves CAN be corrupted and ruin hours of work. While I personally have been fortunate enough to avoid this, I do have a close friend who experienced it and it ruined the game for him. When we researched it we found threads since launch with the issue. This is game breaking and Ubisoft needs to fkn fix it.To avoid writing a book, especially on how STUPID the DLC is, I will just throw out some Pro/Con stuff your way.PROS:- Graphics, amazing graphics- Open world- Play the way YOU want to play- Blow up billions of dollars of blow- Enjoy a variety of passive interactions with NPC's (guys playing music are cool)- Hours of gameplay to keep you interested- The ability to complete the final mission either 100% complete or by rushing through only half of it- Play solo or with friends, imo, equally efficiently but with different styles- The drone is incredible and adds a cool way to experience the game. I adore the droneCONS:- Repetition in non story missions- Insane amounts of travel over rough terrain, flying through SAMS is a good skill to have- DLC is... silly. Like it's fun but not even remotely related to the game- DLC is standalone......- You can buy almost ALL the guns. You can have a level 1 with an MSR/ACR combo you had to go balls deep to get- Bugs. Literally GAME BREAKING BUGS- Bugs. Literally every patch new bugs to replace the annoying♥♥♥♥♥ones that were fixed- Bugs. Literally Ubisoft making their company policy to add new fkn bugs- The first expansion offers nothing if you are like me and want an immersion of getting the pink mist. It's a fun DLC and I enjoyed it, but I do want something else from them.So, yeah, I really love this game. I can see passed the bugs (even though the ammo one from the patch preparing the DLC release was enough to make me stop playing for a while) and repetitiveness to experience an INCREDIBLY well designed world with so much to offer you when you take the time to look. Flamingo's flying around. People playing music while kids dance. Rebels talking to you about your story progress. It's honestly as deep as Mass Effect, just not as well designed. It has immense DLC potential and is absolutely worth getting.If you need help or want tips in game, I play a lot so feel free to add me!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30387456,Posted: 8 March,all,HazardousMoose,"TL;DR: If you got time to kill, why not. Otherwise, wait for sale.First and foremost, the game isn't broken. So it comes down to whether this game suits your taste or not.While I think the game is over-all well made, in its current state I see three main issues:1. Controls: This is especially true for vehicles. Cars feel like they are driving on wet or icy road, even when driving on blacktar. Generally, from my limited experience, it seems all surfaces behave almost identical in regards to friction. Further the speed control with keyboard and mouse is as unimaginative as ever. Why not have a speed cap or gears so you can drive slowly while holding down ""W""? Just use the same buttons helicopters use for altitude. Speaking of the devil: Why reinvent the wheel? Helicopter controls have been done very well by games such as Battlefield. Just copy that and there you go. The current controls simply hamper your agility too much and hold you by the hand.But these issues aren't exclusive to vehicles. The other biggy for me is how the game handles cover: If the game detects a wall, the character will lean up against it, but as a player you have no direct control over it, as you would have in ""the Division"". So due to its 3rd person nature you lack the exact positioning of a FPS, but there isn't a traditional cover system to compensate, often leaving you exposed and taking quite the bullets. Also, don't try to shoot down form a tower at steep angles. Your guy will just aim into the cover instead of over it past a certain angle(~45°). The whole cover thing kind of leads into the next point...2. A.I. The A.I. is quite limited to say the least. Mostly in their intellect. I had to interrogate a commander in an UNIDAD base with around 15 enemies, apparently all highly trained soldiers. The base had 3 snipers overlooking the surrounding area. So how do I get close to this base without getting detected?  Shoot the snipers from ~100 meters with an unsupressed M40A5 and have noone in the base giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥ That on 2nd highest difficulty? Basically, if the A.I. doesn't have LoS on the bodies and aren't right next to you when you fire they don't seem to notice. Bullet impacts and soundwaves apparently don't exist. This kind of makes stealth quite easy.So how's rambo style? Well, due to the previously described cover system, or lack thereof, you either get shot because of overwhelming numbers, or you easily win the fight. Basically, your skill(besides aim) doesn't matter too much. You can't ""outplay"" the A.I. by using superior cover, fire and movment, suppression, etc. There's simply no depth to the combat. And the A.I. doesn't seem to get smarter. With higher difficulty they just do more damage and take more of it by what I can tell.3. Lack of character. This goes for the main protagonists and antagonists, as well as the missions. ""the Witcher 3"" is one of my favorite games because the world feels so alive. And because even the side-missions were well crafted and it felt like you actually interacted with the world around you. While this game has an amazingly large and beautiful world, it still feels so empty. The missions are the same basic ""fetch this, capture this guy, hold this position, etc"". Hence I fear this game will quickly become very repetetive.And I think it's a great shame. The gunplay feels rewarding, the customization is if anything quite over the top, allowing you to change parts to your heart's content. And did I mention how beautiful the world is? It looks gorgeous. But I fear that none of that will keep me interested in the long run. And so here I am debating whether to keep going or to refund it. This game is certanily worth something. But 60$, plus having to deal with microtransactions?Honestly, you are probably best of waiting for a sale. But at least the servers seem do to well and the launch was good. So good on you, Ubisoft. Lets keep going from there and maybe they can fix my concerns with post-launch updates.EDIT: To clarify: I'm certain this game can be great fun with friends. But at this prize? ""Sniper elite: Zombie army"" is great fun with friends, and is cheap as hell. But if a game is only fun with friends you will often find yourself with no friends playing it. Because you'll only play when they are online, so you have to arrange it. Leaving me with my previous conclusion: The game in its current state probably won't keep me interested on the SP alone, because of which I recommend waiting for a sale."
76561197981145097,Not Recommended,460930,31669085,Posted: 10 May,all,Joergensen,Tom clancy would turn in hes grave if he could see the  narco road DLC...
,Not Recommended,460930,31230908,Posted: 18 April,all,Cosmickock,"This is no where close to Ghost Recon.Ubisoft once again ruins one of their top selling series by trying to go the ""free roam"" genre. I passed the refund maximums, so I forced myself to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the game inorder to get my moneyfill.The characters are super bland, and the story has an unoriginal concept. You'll probably guess *either* ending from a mile away. The AI, completely broken. Hiding behind a wall? You'll be spotted by through it. Having a firefight in the middle of a roadway? Either a rebel AI or civilian will ram you at the speed of light as they have no concern for anyone's but their own tail. Physics, what's that? Is that a DLC? Once you try either the driving, flying, skydiving, scaling and climbing down mountain mechanics, as well as running into a deep puddle from a platform, you'll think you're playing an entirely different game. If you do infact purchase this game, when using any vehicle, use a controller rather than AWSD.Tons of tips in the loading screens do not apply, for example darkness. You'd think that shutting off a generator in a mine would have the darkness completely conceal you? Well it doesn't. Even though your screen is COMPLETELY black, the enemies will spot you as long as you are not behind any cover. The real mechanic would be time of day. If you play at night, there is a slight concealment bonus.Game wise, it's a constant repetitive cycle. The basic Ubisoft concept. Go to a province, collect intel, do missions, kill or capture the head of that province. For collectibles, Ubisoft doesn't even expect someone to get every item. I did, sadly. If you're looking to get to max level with max skills, you'll have more skill points from collecting dumb medals while hearing the same four recycled voice lines. Don't even get me started on recycled voice lines. The AI have three to five different noises and lines that they'll make. Including a stereotypically sounding tune which praises the Santa Muerte's name, ""La Santa, La Santa, La Saaantaaaaaa.""Graphics are decent, but you'll regret the game's ridiculous disk usage. Many players' CPU's will go up to 100% and their PC's will crash, as I too have continuously had this problem. I turned my graphics from MAX to High, yet it  continues to persist. Shadows are horribly placed, and the contrast of light from entering or leaving a structure will blind your screen as the lamps on the ground are brighter than the non existent sun in the game.Buy it if you want a mixture of Far Cry and Just Cause mixed in with a copycat of Pablo Escobar's drug empire. Also if you want to continue supporting a company's thieving tactics of releasing downgraded games with tons of microtransactions.Don't buy it unless it's around $20, or if you want your memories of a good series to die peacefully.All in all, a 4/10. Sorry excuse for a Tom Clancy game."
76561198054080636,Not Recommended,460930,34245101,Posted: 14 August,all,Rabid Elevator Midget,"Overall the game is sub-par in pretty much every regard, by the book, no suprises, and badly programmed.The AI team is worthless, they don't shoot targets they can hit, they get caught by the enemy, they won't move with you worth a damn, and they tend to try and revive you without shooting the guy that's standing right next to you so you get revived and then get shot all over again.The bases have no real reason to destroy them. Enemy SAM turrets respawn once you walk away which means there is no real reason to ever destroy them, the AI enemies respawn once you walk too far, and the enemy seems to know exactly where you are the instant they spot any of your team mates.The driving mechanics and flying mechanics are terribly arcady and the physics are terrible on the planes. Some of the boats are bugged and won't let you transport more than one person at a time.The underbarrel grenades are bugged so they only work properly about half the time, the other half they either fire a normal bullet instead of a grenade, the grenade goes off a full two seconds or so later than it should have, or it fires a full second after you pull the trigger. This makes it a very unreliable weapon.When the game does work properly it's basically ""Sneak into this base and kill everyone"" over and over and over again with no real variation. The enemy also gets seemingly unlimited reinforcements once you trigger them, making fighting unidad (the military group) practically impossible without stealth. Even though unidad and the drug cartel will fight each other they both will stop instantly if they see you and start shooting at you, totally forgetting each other once they see you.Then there is the♥♥♥♥♥♥lord that is NAT settings, this game pretty much forces you to port forward, which is a nightmare to do for anyone who doesn't know how already. The NAT settings go from moderate, to strict, to closed, for no apparent reason and it doesn't seem to matter what settings you use.If you ask ubisoft for help prepare for an hour long conversation with a robot who will tell you to update your graphics card and C++ even though you specifically asked for help with NAT settings which have nothing to do with C++. Then it tells you to try turning off your firewall, which you should absolutely not do.The truth is they are just wasting your time and it's their end that has the problem which is why it just comes and goes for no reason but they will never tell you that.If your are expecting a story prepare for the most generic story you've ever heard with the most sterotypical twist ending possible*spoilers*The rebels turn on you (shocker) and the big bad drug lord works for the US (other shocker). Literally the most obvious and overused trope in the book. It's like they didn't even try.All in all it's a decent game but the constant bugs and bad programming decisions make it painful to play and asking ubisoft to help you work through the port forwarding is a waste of time."
76561198023884974,Recommended,460930,32865250,Posted: 27 June,all,mattis.wilce,"Fun messing arround with friends in co-op but singleplayer is rather dull. Quite a lot of server issues and bugs too sadly, but otherwise I like it. It's a fun playground with friends."
76561198150591117,Not Recommended,460930,33202575,Posted: 3 July,all,Electromaster,"Clear out a base, get ""loot"", throw GPS trackers into crates of supplies, move onto the next base.And then you realize this is the entire game."
76561198029237593,Not Recommended,460930,33478572,Posted: 12 July,all,Baddie,"The gameplay in general is alright. A lot of people think it's like The Division but the truth is that it's a lot closer to Splinter Cell Blacklist. Fun to headshot people and sneak into places, steal supply shipments, get into firefights and stuff.All that being said, this game simply isn't finished. A lot of people will tell you about the driving, and true, that's pretty bad. But it's not the worst part of the game.I constantly fall into holes and crevices that cause me to have to restart the game or fast travel somewhere just to escape.You have the ability to call vehicles to be delivered and 50% of the time the skill goes on cooldown, they'll say they've delivered it, and you'll be stuck in the middle of nowhere without that vehicle you just called for. Gotta run all the way to a road just to get away. Often times, I find myself stuck behind a simple road railing. Because for some reason they didn't program a way to jump over a simple railing so if for some reason you end up behind one you have to run all the way around it. On the note of barriers, I also have to bring up fences. The majority of fences have barbed wire on top making so that you can't climb over, which is fair. But explosives don't knock down the fences and the only way to get directly through is by using a vehicle to smash it down. If you don't have one, it ends up like the railing. You have to spend several minutes running *alllll* the way around the compound looking for the one gap in the fence that is probably a guarded entrance just so you can get into the place.The ""story"" if you can call it that is incredibly boring, the skill system is irritating to say the least. As you turn the difficulty up, it doesn't make the AI any more interesting or smarter, it just makes them kill you in 3 bullets without even a chance to shoot back. Doesn't make the game more challenging, just less fun and less fair.Furthermore, the controls are very unintuitive. In order to switch to your weapon's undermounted grenade launcher, change your firing mode, equip suppressor, or change between first/third person aiming mode, you have to first aim down your sights which automatically makes you more vulnerable if you're hiding behind cover. If you used your grenade launcher, you will alwayskeep having the grenade launcher equipped until you switch back to your normal rifle mode. This has caused me to blow up a lot more things than I've intended to quite frequently. There is also a feature in the game that automatically switches the shoulder that you're aiming over. This usually results in the opposite effect in that I'll end up looking at walls while I'm trying to look around a corner and end up with the enemy easily being able to see me while I'm aiming at nothing.Overall, you can still have fun playing this game, but you're not getting your money's worth. It honestly feels like I've done something morally wrong by buying this game and supporting another unfinished Ubisoft cash grab game."
76561198031748667,Not Recommended,460930,34364526,Posted: 19 August,all,SharkDong,"You have been detected.  Mission failed.  Fade to black.  Respawn half a mile away.But... but, I wasn't even on that mission."
,Not Recommended,460930,31474422,Posted: 30 April,all,ErinFudge,The co op functions are amazing but the actual gameplay is repetetive and the main missions leave me with an empty feeling.
,Recommended,460930,32903068,Posted: 27 June,all,pressurized meme,"let's keep it simplepros:-lots of fun with friends-missions can be played in various ways-crank up difficulty for an extremely challenging experience-lots of weapon customization-large, varied terrain that looks quite nice-character customiaztion too-combat plays out quite smoothlycons:-a few game breaking bugs (like not being able to deply a drone on a mission that requires it)-misisons feel the same, especially on singleplayer (highly would reccomend playing with friends)-somewhat generic story-can't move bodies, so if you attempt stealth and kill too many, you're screwed-SAMs are annoying as hell, and it's hard to avoid them"
76561198022125756,Not Recommended,460930,32202451,Posted: 5 June,all,programmer4000,"I am overwhelmed with anger at Ubisoft.  I purchased this game only a couple days ago, and already their stupid game client won't let me play it offline while their website is down.  I tried to set it to offline mode, but it says that I have to log in successfully at least one time on this pc to do so.  However, I have already played many times by selecting ""play"" on this game in my steam library, and I didn't realize that didn't count as a successful login on this pc (apparently).This is the one day in the week I was going to have an opportunity to play this game at length, and this dumb♥♥♥♥ ubisoft ♥♥♥♥♥♥s can't LET ME PLAY MY GODDAMN ♥♥♥♥ING GAME OFFLINE."
,Not Recommended,460930,31650135,Posted: 9 May,all,Urby,"This is as generic as generic gets. A massive and undeniably beautiful open world with only a handful of things to do over and over.First and foremost, let me just say that this should NOT be played singleplayer. The characters and dialog are so unbelievably one dimensional that you will find yourself groaning as every single attempt at humour falls flat. Throw between one and three friends into the mix and there it is possible to glean some entertainment out of this.Taking on a fortified base in complete silence, synchronising shots with your sniper buddy while your two man ground team move in the shadows. There is no denying how much of a badass you will feel when you nail that headshot or wipe out an entire squad of enemies in a single flurry of sniper fire. Even when things don't go to plan, the subsequent firefights are hectic and sometimes hilarious.Unfortunately, you will find yourself doing the same thing every half hour. There are side missions you can tackle, but the variety is extremely lackluster. Trigger a radio antenna then race to another, defend a radio when it broadcasts rebel propaganda, steal a guarded chopper/plane or stop and tag a supply convoy. That's basically it. There are so many tactics that can be applied to complete these objectives, but you will quickly find the best method and this suddenly becomes routine and dull.There is a nice level of customisation with your character's gear and weapons, allowing you to spend literally hours tweaking your setup and making yourself look as professional or as goofy as possible. Sadly, the game is lacking in the ""goofy"" aspect, instead trying for force the serious tone of the game. There are weapon paints available such as bright red or pink, but surprise surprise, you have to pay extra for them.In my personal opinion, you can get ten times the enjoyment out of GTA:Online, which doesn't limit you to four players, has PVP if that's your bag, and is constantly being updated for free."
,Recommended,460930,30661826,Posted: 21 March,all,Livid,"I hate buying from Ubisoft like most sensible people, but wow was I impressed.TL;DR At bottomThe Pros:AI listens to you most of the timeGreat stealth, very fun to plan strategiesHuge variety of guns, easily changeable for any occasionDon't have to stealth if you get fed upShooting feels generally realisticGreat story and background info on enemiesLoved the case files/videos made it seem realStory long compared to most gamesHuge map tons to exploreSatisfying to 100% everythingGreat soundtrackRealistic gun damageAble to solo everythingSome very helpful upgradesMain characters are relentlessly AmericanGreat/hilarious American stereotypesNice Character customizationTons of hours to still be put inPlay style/completion is however you want it to beDifficulty settings actually get more difficultMotivated to complete/take down the cartelMentions the Bilderberg group (Its brief but cool)The Cons:Enemies respawn at bases you have already wiped out/may have to redoHelicopter have crazy sight/spotting capabilities (Seriously nerf these ♥♥♥♥ing things)There were countless times where I was flawlessly stealthing a huge base (Santa Blanca base)and a Unidad helicopter would fly over spot me and a ♥♥♥♥ing war would break out because AI would start shooting at helicopter, no matter where I was hiding they would always see meFlashbangs/Drone Medic (and other Drone types)/A lot of upgrades felt very useless (Maybe it was my play-style)Enemies in cars can see you like helicoptersSome unrealistic base areas | For example: Sub base in the middle of swamp/marsh wetlandTL;DR Overall really great game, just some mechanic issues that can easily be fixed. Especially since the game is very new.EDIT: As for the performance/framerate/loading issues. I didn't experience any of that. Although I have a i7 4790k and a GTX 1080. Got over 100fps most times I was playing. So sorry to those who cant run, but it worked great for me.Well done Ubisoft, you didn't completely ♥♥♥♥ing butcher it like most things you touch."
76561198124401634,Not Recommended,460930,32097806,Posted: 31 May,all,脏阴茎,the main game itself is repetitive and they can't seem to listen to community feedback if their lives depended on it. both of the dlc's are different campaigns that make your original character from the main game and all the time you put into it feel pointless.
76561197986533307,Recommended,460930,33734930,Posted: 22 July,all,eNvy.Relaxation,"TL;DR- The core gameplay is fun, although the repetitive nature means it gets boring quickly on your own. Do not attempt to finish this game alone and do not play on an easy difficulty. Good for 2-4 player COOP, specially if you go hardcore with no HUD elements and the hardest difficulty setting, it's begging to be played that way.Ghost Recon Wildlands was overall a mixed bag for me. The 96 hours I have on record were used for 100% completion, that includes every collectible and every side mission and the first 5 weeks of ""weekly objectives"" for the seasonal challenges. To be completely honest, I think it's gonna be difficult to explain how I feel, but I'll attempt to narrow it down.The Good:Graphics- Stunning. The game is incredibly well designed at a graphical element, it's amazing to look at. The godrays peaking over the mountains during the mornings and dense dark, dimly light evenings.Gunplay- Solid. It's not the most incredibly experience I've ever had, but it damn sure isn't the worst.Sound- General sounds are good, guns sound absolutely great, the background music is smooth and easy on the ears and for the most part appropriate to your surroundings and situations.Core gameplay- Solid. You have a large variety of guns, tools and equipment at your disposal.The Bad:Performance- It's utter nonsense. It's very clear the optimization is not all where it should be, leading to frequent crashes, client restarts, bugs, glitches and issues that shouldn't be a problem in the first place, including a gamebreaking infinite XP mission completion bug.The Radio- You will most likely end up completely turning the in-game vehicle radio off completely and that's a shame. Mainly since it serves as one of your few only other sources of information and extra story behind the Santa Blanca Cartel and it's individual heads of operations. The biggest issue is honestly not even in the music being played, but more the repetitive and never changing segments that endlessly repeat. When you've heard the same damn radio segment 15 times in a row with practically no diversity, it get's frustrating. And they missed a crucial opportunity to make the radio more engaging. The way they used it was great, there just needed to be way more varied segments instead of 3-4 per individual region.The Ground Vehicle Driving- Why they chose to make a DLC pack that was purely focused around the god-awful driving I have no freaking clue. It's Watch Dogs 1 levels of bad driving. Saying the driving in this game is wonky, is an understatement.The Rebel Side Mission Quantity- The reason I'm highlighting this here is because it's a huge oversight on the developers behalf. The rebel skill system is very simple. There's different side-missions around the regions that will upgrade your various rebel skills. The more you complete, the stronger and the lower cooldown on the skills. Each activity is tied to a certain skill. The biggest problem with the game for me, is the rebel side missions. You need 9 missions of each activity to max out each of your rebel skills. Except there's about 20 missions for each activity. And the worst part is, there's NO REWARD for doing them past max level. None. You don't even get a tiny amount of resources for your personal skill upgrades that you so desperately need. Except the only way to get them is to raid conveys all game long. The amount of supplies you get for defeating the ""bosses"" are way too low considering the amount required to max out your character completely. I got 40% of the way through the main story and then I was max level. That means the remaining 60% of the game, I was stuck doing side activities that yielded nothing. Discouraging and frustrating as a completionist.FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DEVELOPERS. DO NOT CHOOSE QUANTITY OVER QUALITY, IT'S BAD AND IT MAKES PEOPLE FEEL BAD FOR BUYING YOUR PRODUCT. THAT'S HOW YOU LOSE FANS AND CUSTOMERS.The Single-Player Conundrum- So full disclosure, I played the first 15 or so hours with a friend. After that, I played through the game solo on the highest difficulty with 3 AI partners. And to tell you the truth, it's so damn easy, even on the most difficult setting. Being able to just have your 3 AI partners constantly take down 3 enemies with zero consequence is silly. But it makes sense at the same time. Not having COOP players to coordinate with, means the solo player needs to have more options. I don't honestly believe giving the AI's the ability to shoot through concrete walls and have aimbot was the best option. I think it could have been done differently with a bit more effort, but I don't think the word ""effort"" is in any ubisoft title dictionary. Maybe Watch Dogs 2 is the slight exception.The Illusion of Choice- There's a specific point in the game, where our 4 stalwart soldiers are offered a different wayby the big boss man El Sueno himself, asking them to join him and become his personal operation unit, promising tons of money, cocaine, women, power, whatever they want in return.Now the reason this particular segment hurts me is because, while there is actually 2 different endings to the game, one of them more ""sequel setup"" than the other, this particular choice, is not an option at all. There's not even an option to accept the offer. There's no hidden 3rd ending where the aforementioned happens. And that hurts me. Because why not? Who wouldn't consider that? Does this have something to do with the US patriotism that others can't always relate to? In that case there's even more reason as to why it should have been an option.Let's get back to my last point here. The singleplayer vs coop play argument is honestly what I take issue with the most, out of all the discussion that has been going on with this game. People downvoting, giving negative reviews and not recommending the game because the singleplayer experience sucks. Here's the point: The game was never designed to be played solo, unless you don't mind constantly micromanaging your AI partners shows and doing literally a 4 man job by yourself 90% of the time. You're gonna have the hands down best experience if you play this COOP with a few friends. You're gonna get many a laughs over the silliness that goes on, great teamwork scenarios and teambuilding situations. Go to the settings, set all the HUD elements to hidden, go on the hardest difficulty and try your hands at being an actual stealth operative on foreign ground, with no help other than the 3 teammates at your back. It's like you went to play League of Legends and you constantly whine that the entire enemy team is trying to shut you down. It's a team game, not a singleplayer 1v1 game. So you don't wanna play it singleplayer or with friends, don't play it at all. You have that option.In conclusion- The game is great if you like stealth coop gameplay. But do not play this solo. Get it on sale as a 4 pack and treat yourself and your 3 nearest friends to an exercise in patience, communication and coordination. I had a blast playing this solo because I don't mind the tedious aspects of games, but towards the 70 hour mark, the game seriously took it's toll on me. The casual gamer will not be able to tolerate it and I would not recommend you pick this up if you are even remotely appauled by the slightest bit of grinding. So beware before you buy."
,Recommended,460930,30689995,Posted: 23 March,all,[DDO] Vincent 魂527,"Glitch, Buggy, Terribly Repetitive Gameplay yada yada yada yada yada yada.........I've put in more than 60 hours of gameplay on this game and not once in a second i got boring playing solo or co op. So if you choose to jump on the ""I'm always looking for flaws in nowadays video game beacuse its expensive and ubisoft is♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; bandwagon forget about this game, otherwise get it!"
,Recommended,460930,30368608,Posted: 6 March,all,My Summer Spider,It's not The Division.
,Not Recommended,460930,31432848,Posted: 28 April,all,Milt0r,"Same missions, over and over. Story is meh. Collect this. Kill that. Repeat."
76561198048508397,Recommended,460930,30639895,Posted: 20 March,all,GOT YOUR AK!,"First i would lke to say that this game is nothing like the division.  So many people are giving this game a bad rap, but honestly me and my brother have been playing this game for about 3 days now and its amazing.  we chose how we take our targets down and it only gets more complex as you level up.  Anyone saying this is a bad game is not playing it right.  Also this is a time where good coop games are hard to come by.... i mean lets be real there are no good coop games these days and Wildlands nailed that aspect this game is a blast with friends.  If you dont try to speed run like an idiot and you play the way a stealth ghost recon is meant to be played you will be rewarded. Me and my brother have over 10hrs in the game and are only on the second of 20 areas i let you do the math.  To summerize this game has a ton of content and customization and coming from the corp the military lingo and jokes are pretty spot on.  All in all i toataly recomend this game to any prior military looking to play with friends or brothers."
,Recommended,460930,31204144,Posted: 17 April,all,ownosourus,"To play a Ubisoft game these days is to participate in a grand experiment. You may not realize this, but it's true. Look at any of the company's games, and you'll see that the French multinational publisher of franchises like Assassin's Creed, Watch Dogs and Far Cry is obsessed with repurposing its ideas, like an artisan trying to forge a novel new musical instrument from the fragments of existing ones.Thus in the cartel-subjugated Bolivian hinterlands of Ghost Recon Wildlands, the company's biggest free roaming adventure yet, helping the country's insurgents lets players summon them later to do battle—a feature in Far Cry 4. To surveil and mark enemy targets, players can pilot a backpack drone—something they could do in last year's Watch Dogs 2. Playing cooperatively with other online friends is a button tap away, a ""seamless multiplayer"" feature Ubisoft honed in The Crew. And players can reconnoiter the map for optional sorties or collectibles to flesh out the game's backstory and unlock new abilities. That's something they've been doing in Ubisoft games since the original Assassin's Creed shook the industry in 2007.This jumbling of old and new feels like probing toward some kind of open world experience to rule them all. But the last few tries have been mediocre. Assassin's Creed Unity's gorgeous Parisian vistas were wasted on fiddly controls and lackluster sneak-play. The Crew was glitchy at launch, and offended many with its exorbitant microtransactions. And while Watch Dogs 2's story, characters and Bay Area setting were, in that order, smart, simpatico and gorgeous, its computer hack-driven skirmishes fell apart once players unlocked a few exploitive powers.Not so Wildlands, whose designers seem to have figured out, finally, that equipoise in a game that offers this much independence entails fashioning enemies that resist exploitation and bite back hard. Players can still travel anywhere their gaze falls at whatever pace or in whichever order the spirit moves them. (The game's fictitious Bolivian vales and summits are breathtaking, and rubbernecking costs nothing.) But if they want to wrestle with the central challenge—deconstructing a regional cartel, one tenacious sub-boss at a time—they'll have to contend with battalions of thrillingly brutal bad guys.The game transpires a few years from the present day, imagining, as in some George W. Bush-era fantasy, that a clandestine quartet of military elites were all it might take to topple a narco-state. Like a Tom Clancy yarn, the story is likewise littered with covert jargon and military niceties. As in Ubisoft's The Division, weapons are numerous and adjustable, sporting metrics like ""damage,"" ""rate of fire"" and ""noise reduction"" that can be fine-tuned with add-ons in areas like ""optics,"" ""rails"" and ""underbarrels."" Anyone with a ballistic fetish should find plenty to like, from classic bolt action sniper rifles to 12-gauge Kalashnikov-inspired shotguns.Players begin near the center of a map that's divided into cartel-controlled regions, wending their way outward to explore increasingly treacherous zones that check all the classic biome boxes. Here's the part where you're in a jungle. There's the part where you tromp through a desert. Go climb a mountain range to get your ice and snow fix. It's like an exotic virtual brochure for all the places you wish you could be.Bossing the computer around is simple and effective. When playing solo, players can direct squad members by pulling up a half-wheel with commands like ""go to,"" ""fire"" or ""regroup."" Another half-wheel that's unlocked piecemeal lets players ask rebels to deliver vehicles, cause diversions or lob mortar shells at targets. Wildlands also mercifully manages to keep its skill tree uncrowded, offering a handful of upgradeable abilities in five categories (weapon, drone, item, physical, squad). These subdivide instead into multiple unlocks that might, for instance, offer better battery life to the drone, or provide better bullet resilience to squad-mates. It's a wise distillation that lets players focus on perfecting the tactical nuances of a few things, instead of juggling dozens.A few parting complaints, none major, but some that seem oddly overlooked. I can drive vehicles and fly planes no problem, but still can't figure out helicopters, which fly nothing like real helicopters do (or as the controls imply they should). For all the enemy's combat chops, it needs better self-preservation instincts: more than once, a bad guy went splat stepping in front of an oncoming vehicle while chasing me down. And—I admit this last one is weird, but see for yourself—the clouds in Wildlands' skies are broken and terrifying, racing along at freakish time lapse speeds and spoiling otherwise picturesque panoramas.But what most worried me—because it's a problem in so many other Ubisoft games—was that the A.I. would eventually bore me. (Trying different things over and over and getting the same results isn't the definition of insanity, but it can leave you stultified). However that was not the case in Wildlands. Just when you think you've figured out how to catch the game in a loop, it throws something new at you. Like spotlights (with switchable power junctions) that make you more visible at night. Or compounds that jam your drone's signal, rendering it useless (and you tactically blind). Or agitated enemies who become relentless hunters as well as wicked smart shots at sniper distances. Or the withering assaults from mortars, helicopters and surface-to-air missiles that will send even the ablest players scrambling to retreat.Watching all this unfold feels like listening to a jazz musician tee up changes for fellow players to jam over. Slight variations ripple and become riveting permutations. We've seen and to a certain extent done much of this in games like Far Cry 4 and Watch Dogs 2. But never on this scale, or as deftly balanced."
,Not Recommended,460930,32697675,Posted: 23 June,all,DirtyDan_151,"The Good:-Nice graphics-Cool character customisation options-Good settingThe Bad:-Poorly optimized-Can the story introduce our squad members at all?The Ugly:-80 minutes of gameplay in, the game already feels extremely repetitive-Superhuman abilities for enemies to spot you-Driving-Who am I? Why am I in Bolivia? Who is this chick in my helicopter? Who is this dude wearing a ghillie suit 24/7?TL;DR - played for 80 minutes, didn't like it, uninstalled."
76561198098584308,Not Recommended,460930,34536748,Posted: 27 August,all,BuckarooBanzai,"At first this game was pretty good, But it seems with each up date the AI becomes more and more rediculous.  For being special ops members your AI squad will blunder around, get you spotted and cause you to fail missions. The enemy AI has the vision of eagles and will always spawn or walk right up from behind you in an area you have allready cleared. After the first area you cant hardly fly anywhere because it seems that the cartel has an endless supply of multi million dollar Surface to Air Missile systems."
,Recommended,460930,30467178,Posted: 12 March,all,Neroum,"Not perfect, but a great CO-OP experience. If you want milsim stick with Arma, if you're fine with arcady ballistic physics this is fine. Vehicle/flight controls are poor, gunplay is great."
,Not Recommended,460930,32834142,Posted: 26 June,all,Nordvik,"-Very fun and so much things to do!-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait.-Raid an enemy base and kill all of them-Oh, a new mission! I can't wait."
76561198155071010,Recommended,460930,30427690,Posted: 10 March,all,AssassinXXXX,"I Can't belive that i'm finally playing an excellent Open World,  tactical stealth game.I'm very impressed cuz i thought i will never see any good tactical stealth games after MGS5(the true stealth games LEGEND's)  but i was wrong, Wildlands hereI recommend this super great game for who really like stealth tactical  games , and also for who like to play co-op it has best co-op too.Important Note:Just play it in the hardest level for best stealth experiencei'm really would like to give it 10/10 but the story not that much9/10"
,Recommended,460930,30879533,Posted: 1 April,all,Cloudy,"This game has its short comings, there is a lot of about it that I would like changed. That being said, overall Wildlands has been a blast to play. Especially with friends.Pros- Massive Map- Good pool of weapons/customization- Fun with friends online- Decent optimization (ran it on mostly high with a gtx 970)- Great diversity in 'provinces' lots of different biomes from snow regions, to jungles, to deserts, to moutains, to salt flats, to lakes, etc.- Solid gun playCons- Mediocre AI- Bad stealth detection- Bad flying/driving mechanics- Some pretty lame microtransaction items (country flag patches for example)- Story isn't very fluid, almost feels directionless and unimportant at times dealing with the bouchon.-Terrible DLC-Scumbag developement team"
,Recommended,460930,30404408,Posted: 8 March,all,Heaven Eyes,"Good game but the physics are not so good...There is no other problem, like crash fps drop or optimize problems.I didn't have any problems.Sorry about bad English.Just people's need to be calm down..8/10"
76561198235168048,Not Recommended,460930,34584456,Posted: 29 August,all,BIg Rob,Not a bad game. Just pretty repetetive. Lots of better titles to spend your money on out there.
,Recommended,460930,34503677,Posted: 26 August,all,Insane Boomer,"Ghost Recon Wildlands is a cooperative game made by ubisoft, it isn't perfect, but it isn't as bad as people make it out to be. so on this review I'll mention the positive and negative aspects of the game from my own experience.Pros:Big, and stunning open worldA lot of options when it comes down to customizationStealth on extreme difficulty is definitely one of the best things to do on this gameDumb, fun action (With friends especially)Graphics are really goodCons:Can't ride llamasMissions can be a bit repetitiveStory isn't be best one truth be told, could have been way betterSmall bugs make their presence felt frequentlyPlaying solo is disappointing once you’ve tasted co-opWith all this said, I think the game is good, though there are a lot of things devs could improve. I give this game a 75/100,"
76561198062492936,Not Recommended,460930,32651710,Posted: 22 June,all,jigga™,Save your money. Just another Ubisoft money grab.
76561198064335591,Not Recommended,460930,33897515,Posted: 29 July,all,cddearborn1,"Been a long time fan of the TC: Ghost Recon series from Island Thunder to Future Soldier. Just now getting to finishing the story for Wildlands.- The coop lobby and setup with friends is phenomenal. Incredibly easy to join and pretty much devoid of any loading screens. Doesn't matter what is going or whether you're in the game yet; click and BOOM, you and the buds are toting guns. +3- Gunsmith is back again, and its alright. They improved some features such as weapon paints and skins. They've removed quite a bit of options though such as being able to setup up an assault rifle into a sniper rifle or carrying grenade launchers as standalone.  +0- Co-op offers some good times and laughs. Will get some high marks when you and your buds nail a mission the way you want, and when things get glitchy or something silly happens its even better when your friends are around. +1- Story is quite utter nonesense. Horridly written and not interesting in the slightest. Characters have very little screen time, and even then they are all pretty much unlikable or just forgettable. Absolutely hate the characters for the ghosts due to their annoying chitchats. - 2- Gameplay and gunplay are not satisfying. Much too generic and stiff when the action breaks loose. They also didn't need to give you three weapons to equip, its both cumbersome to the gameplay and overpowering in that you can carry everything without logical restrictions. -1- The AI and implementation of enemies is ""upon closer inspection"" absolultely atrocious and frustrating. It's a toss up to whether they react appropriately to reacting at all. The cover system was a poor choice as it doesn't really help in most situations. -3- Graphics are very pleasing, save for some textures being out of place in quality. The large scale combined with quite an exceptional lighting engine make for some really impressive visuals. Only wish there had been some additional wheather effects to the gameworld. +2- The interface isn't well implemented and notifications are constantly in the way. Really needed to be simplified. -1- Mission structure was extremely boring. Repition is only good in a game when it is unique and enjoyable. - 1- Character customization is a neat addition to the game but it's only skin deep, as well as out of place with some of its options that don't quite fit what the Ghosts are supposed to be. +0- Controls need improvements on all levels. Infantry controls are clunky when trying to setup weapons and switch between gadgets. Driving controls need an overhaul. The recent update did make helicopters much better, but they also removed any counter to SAM sites, so they ultimatley become useless.  - 1- Skill system is meaningless and adds nothing to the game. - 1Sum: -4It's disappointing as an average game, and its extremely disappointing as a Ghost Recon game.  There's just nothing there and nothing innovative or interesting. The open world design simply wasn't made for this series (large sandbox maps very well could though). There's no tactical gameplay to be had. As most will say, the game tops out a $20 and worth nothing more. I'm honestly surprised the game scores ""Mostly Positive""."
76561198122746733,Not Recommended,460930,31885848,Posted: 21 May,all,Mort,"I will start from the good things in this game as there isn't many of them.The strongest point of this game are graphics, upgrades and a huge map.There are many spectacular locations that will take your breath and... that's it.The rest of it is a usual Ubisoft rubbish.The graphics engine is demanding, a GTX 780 is a bare minimum to play at 40-50 FPS in Medium settings and 1080p.In my opinion this is caused by poor optimisation. There is plenty of games that are as good looking as Wildlands and can be easily played in 4K without a problem.The game is very buggy. Your character is a Capitan Tw@tter that can't jump so if you're stuck, you're stuck and the only thing you can do is a fast travel to the local base and starting the mission all over again which is extremely frustrating. If you add the lack of in-mission checkpoints you will quickly find that the game is quite annoying rather than entertaining. Vehicles physics is probably the worst I’ve ever seen in a modern game. On some occasions game is crashing or having massive performance drop to like 5 FPS for no reason. Some controls are weird (for example the to switch to grenade launcher), sometimes you can’t fire from any weapon, etc, etc, etc. There is a lot of stuff that is ruining all fun.But worst of all the game is BOOOOOOOOORING. Every mission is the same – go there, kill all, collect/talk/destroy, repeat. It’s nowhere near to the games like GTA 5, it’s not even in the same league. Somehow after 6-8 hour of the gameplay the fun factor is completely lost.In my opinion the game is 2 stars out of 5 in the best case. I would not buy it again and would not recommend it."
76561198034964352,Not Recommended,460930,34917471,Posted: 13 September,all,LordKnightFandragon,"Soo, after 146 hours into this game, its driven me to give up on it.Not that its to difficult, or the missions are to tough, or any of that.  No, its the absurd amount of cheap, gimmicky, just stupid convenient situations you find your self in.  You'll be sneakin' up to do a mission and just as you get near the base, a Unidad helicopter will fly over and detect you, setting off the entire world, plus bringing Unidad in on you.You will engage a base and be covering from enemy fire and out of the blue, teleported in, magically and conveniently on the side you DONT have cover, 2 cars of sicarios will appear and just mow you down, with no where to go.You will take the time to disable a VIP's vehicle, or a supply convoy, destroy the escorts and prepare it for capture, but JUST as soon as you step out of your vehicle, and get out in the middle of the road, either a clueless♥♥♥♥♥♥♥civilian will run you over, or out of the blue, magically and from both directions, 2 Sicario trucks or a pack of Unidad will show up and mow you down with no where to go.You will be running certain missions and just out of the blue, for no apparent reason they will just fail.  My first run through the Amaru mission, 1st mission in the game.  I was engaging the Sicarios around Atollo farm and out of NOWHERE, it said ""Amaru was killed"", mission failed.  It wasnt evne the Sicarios, they dont shoot VIPs and Amaru is inside a barn, behind a caged door, no way anyone coulda shot him.Then there is terrible vehicle handling, horrific, vehicle drop spawning locations, putting your helicopter inside buildings, your tanks on top of buildings, your helicopters wedged under and around objects that render it useless, or destroy it once you get in.and there are just GOBS of issues that pile up and pile up and over time just drove me completely to hate this game.  I tried to adapt to these things, learn and change, but ultimately, there just isnt any way to really get around  issues, they are how the game operates, and it destroyed the enjoyment for me....GREAT game concept, it is ALOT of fun when the BS isnt happening, but the problem, is the BS happens FAR to frequently.  There is no way to get away from it.Other issues being, for as large a map as they made, there is ALOT of wasted, empty space.  Missions are redundant and few, despite the huge map and many sectors.  There was a huge missed opportunity to really expand this game and make it really large and actually alot more fun and enjoyable.Fix the stuff I mention above and honestly, it would be a fantastic game.  but as it is now, yeah, it was just an act of pure rage and fustration....."
,Recommended,460930,30389303,Posted: 8 March,all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,This to me is a 7/10 alone but 8/10 if played with friends. Ghost recon wildlands is kinda The Divison but done right
,Not Recommended,460930,30380918,Posted: 7 March,all,Frosty,"Wildlands has you wondering what would happen if you dropped a squad of special forces into a South American country with cartel carboard cutouts with guns? You get a bland lifeless game that's priced to compete with games like GTAV, Witcher 3, Fallout 4, and other open world shooters with far deeper stories, better reacting Ai, and more content. Wildlands is a shallow game that lacks even feeling in its voice acting with your characters slurring out Spanish phrases like politician pandering to minorities. Vehicle handling consists of you sliding around gravel, dirt, and sand like the tires were first coated in grease, and the helicopter/plane flying is clumsy to the point that using any chopper equipped with weapons leads to more collateral damage than any real help. The story is a generic mix of drug dealers that don't seem to have much to them.  Each one presented as worse than the last for comitting the same set of crimes, killing, torture, drugs, and then you move on to the next candidate with the same resume as their predecessor. There's no reason to get this if you already have one of the previous Far Cry games, or GTA if you want an open world shooter, especially at the price of $60."
76561198064106555,Recommended,460930,30447689,Posted: 11 March,all,mrorange,"Great game that did not disappoint me. I have fun playing it solo and of course coop. Whereby coop is the best way to play it.It has a huge map with hundreds of tasks and missions. Fully customizable caracter, guns and a lot of perks and even more guns.The map is vast with different natural environement. Most of the houses can be entered.AI is okay, enemies are no bullet sponge. One shot. One kill. Stealth is key in later missions.I like that you can change from 3rd to first person when you aim. Good controls with mouse.Cars, helicopters, boats, tanks, planes a lot to play with with good controls if you know how. Even with mouse and keyboard this works fine for me. If you have problems with it, just exercice a bit more.BUT, still some bugs. Even if the performance is good on my rig (check my specs in my profile if you are interested), the game itself has some graphic bugs, has control bugs, etc. But I am sure that this will be fixed as this has always been the case with Ubisoft and its AAA games. Sometimes you can not overcome an obstacle, you press space, but nothing changes...I recommend the game even for full price. I am sure it will receive plenty of more free updates and modes coming in the future. It is a game that Ubisoft will support quite a while since the fanbase is already there and only growing.Haters gonna hate... as always, downvote my review. I don't care.Open world well made. Sand-box as it should be. Great visuals! No reason not to join this fun."
,Not Recommended,460930,34666122,Posted: 1 September,all,Crack Addict Conflict,It's ok but gets boring and repetitive real quickly. About into your 8th hour playing you will start to get bored. I paid $67 for this and I honestly could of got games for $40 and under that are more interesting and fun to play.If only it wasn't super repititve and I had more friends to play this with then maybe it would of been worth my money.
76561198013397733,Recommended,460930,30378892,Posted: 7 March,all,Trixie,Fashion Recon: Wildclothes has some pretty cool customization options for guns and character clothing.I rate this game fashionable.
76561197990685377,Recommended,460930,30486312,Posted: 13 March,all,CoachDrak,Dont play it alone.Played co-op even only 2 man is where this game really shines.I also reccomend each player takes a designated role.Support/Drone Operator/PilotSniper/Long Range CoverDemolitionsPoint manPlayed like this (especially if you assume the pilot is the only one who knows HOW to pilot)Makes the game even more interesting.
,Recommended,460930,30458907,Posted: 11 March,all,Poptart81,"If you like games where you sneak in and kill everyone slow and quiet like Tenchu, or conversely crazy random action like GTAV, Co-op games, 3rd person shooters like the Division, etc... you'll very likely love this.  As I do.Superb graphics, and detail.Huge open world, and I mean absolutely HUGE.Cool weapon customizations... practically gun porn.Driving and flying with a controller is great, not so much on KB&Mouse.LOTS to do and collect.Non-Linear missions, it's got that ""Start the game and go where you want"" feel that Skyrim has!Runs at 70fps on my rig (gtx1070)Anyway, can't say enough good things about this.  I'm having a blast...Speaking of which, gonna go play more right now!One of the few AAA games out that are worth the ridiculous standard asking price of $79.99"
,Recommended,460930,30368087,Posted: 6 March,all,Cats,"I played the Beta and now this.Let me tell you, I am impressed. Ubisoft raises from it's ashes with a great game.PROS:- AMAZING Graphics!- Gameplay transition between Singleplayer/coop is seemless and well made.- Character customization is good, not the best but good enough for this type of game.- Map is huge and very fun to discover.- Playing with friends is very fun.- Arcade-ish combat system which I very like, not too realistic not too unrealistic: just perfect.CONS:- Optimization is... lacking. But is not the worst. My 1080 was able to handle Ultra rounding near 60 fps at all times.- Gameplay tad repetitive in singleplayer.I recommend this game to anyone who anyone who can actually run this baby :)"
76561197985343249,Not Recommended,460930,30447151,Posted: 11 March,all,emax,"First of all this is not a bad game. But for a 60€ AAA game it had far too many shortcomings.Cons:Writing: Every dialogue and every cutscene is either a parade of clichés or nonsense. Which made the ""story"" unsatisfying and at points laughable.Voiceacting: Flat and monotone. Could have been done by random people simply reading from a page.Glitches and bugs: There are alot and not all of them are small. For instance i have tried:1) No weapon will fire2) Can not use drone (this is important if you want/need to play stealthily)3) Rebel vehicle spawns on top of you and instantly kills youAnd many other bugs.AI) The AI of both the teammates (when playing solo) and enemies is quite bad, and at some points it ruins the experience.Uplay: This is not entirely related to the game. But i dislike Uplay to put it mildly, and the microtransactions that go with it simply annoy me.Pros:Graphics: It looks amazing, even if my 980ti cannot pull off the full ultra setting. I should note that when i am driving fast the game is pulling data from the harddrive at 120 Mb/s (max for my harddrive) and my harddrive cannot keep up i think, so eventually the game freezes untill it has loaded the scenery. Quite annoying, but does not seem to happen as often when flying.Stealth element: The feeling of satisfaction from completing a mission without ever being seen is really good.Customization options: There are alot of options to customize both your own character and the weapons you choose to use.In conclusion i would say this game lacks a few elements and a lot of polish and i would say a fair price for this game would have been 35-40€. As a last little example of this (NO spoilers): After completing the very last mission i spawn back into the world surrounded by 8 enemies who then proceed to murder me. Turning this moment of satisfaction into a joke."
76561198040991435,Recommended,460930,30389168,Posted: 8 March,all,Ninja_Dog81,"Chicken's explode when you shoot them.11/10 would shoot a chickenbomb again.In all seriousness though, this game is amazing. No performance issues, on my dated i5 3570k, with GTX970 and 16gb Ram, on an SSD with Windows 8.1. The world is beautiful, everything works and I am quite honestly surprised how decent the game is. Will be playing it a lot for the forseeable future.If you are even remotely interested in this game (and you meet the PC req's) buy it, it's a no-brainer. Ubisoft has delivered.EDIT 12/03/17: With the latest update, a minor freezing issue I had is non-existant. It was an i5 problem, and not my internet, that was solved 100%. Game is running even better :)Don't listen to reviews from people with less than 5 hours or even under 10, there is so much depth to this game that people won't see unless they have played more. For example, at night the guards in a base go to bed/sleep leaving minimal security to defend themselves. It's not perfect, but then show me a game that is. The views are fantastic and exploration on the bike can keep you busy for ages.As you progress through the skill tree, certain tasks become easier and your team becomes stronger. You have so many options available to you.I apologise that this isn't the best written review but perhaps I will rewrite it after I have played a bit more as I am still NOWHERE near complete after almost 60 hours."
76561198097627324,Recommended,460930,30435293,Posted: 10 March,all,ŁĭġħťŋīňģPļåŷĕŕ007,"Here is my review so far upon Tom Clancy's Wildlands I hope anyone who reads it enjoys and finds it helpfulWhen this game first came out Ubisoft had stated that it would be ""the first of its kind"" and quite frankly I feel that it has lived up to being that standard. When you first get into the game you get to customize your character to play how you are like most games however you get to cusomize not only your hair your eyes and anything dealing with your face, but you also get to cusomize your footwear, vests, jackets, ect.. which gives the game a little more sense of realism because you change based upon what you are doing. Next what I felt that the customization upon your weapons is extremely realistic as not only are the guns mainly based off those that would actually be used but you get an in depth view of what each add-on will do to each weapon, not only that but they give you a little history of the guns (This is not including all the vast paint styles they offer to truly make the guns your own) and they have every weapon to cater to anyones playstyles whether you want to go loud and proud they have Large Machine Guns, you wnat to be a hunter in the distence- vast selection of auto to bolt action snipers, you want to be a fast close quarter combat person-they have Sub-Machine Guns for you, or if you want to go at that medium range- they offer a nice range of Assault rifles. After you get yourself all primed and geared you should take a few seconds to look at the graphics and how well they made them. Realism was their main goal when you look at the graphics and I for one think they achieved that goal from the way the grass, trees and bushes sway in the wind depending on how strong it is, to the lightning that strikes down on the mountains as it starts pouring rain to even the rain evaportating against the hot roads (I have seen this only a few times during my time playing). Granted not only did I find the things of graphics, your person, and their weapons great but I found the story to be even better. Some had complained that the story would be to short in the beta however, they are far from being correct. The story has you taking down the cartel one faction at a time, each faction however has two bosses one is the underboss and the second is the head of that faction, and before you even reach the underboss you have to eliminate five bonchos (also know as underlings who answer to the underboss). These bonchos will have a set of missions (that you have to find before you can even do them by interogating intel, stealing, or hacking computers) that will range from five missions all the way up to twenty (the best part is not even Boncho will actually end the same way but im not going to spoil lol). Although I love the game there are a few things that could be worked on one of which would have to be the occasional freezing where the game will freeze and have you go to the menu by pressing esc then go back (this might be for certain computers or laptops but a few of my friends have also experienced this so hard to say). Another thing would have to be the long load times into the game itself when you click to start it the game as it's so big it takes a few minuets before it even loads into fullscreen. While this game is still very young as it only came out this past monday night-tuesday I rate it a 8 out of 10 as they clearly spent a large amount of time focusing on realism and environment as well as the enjoyment for the players. I would however recommend that this game should be played with friends and not by yourself as this was a game made to not really be soloed (even when you solo the game you still get 3 ai's that accompany you where ever you go). I would also recommend that people who like games that are open-world, first person shooter/ third person shooters, co-op, or military games should look into buying this game as it accomadates all those and many more.Thanks for reading and remember ""We are the ghosts who will stop the Cartel"""
,Not Recommended,460930,33163004,Posted: 2 July,all,Goat Meat,"If you've played pretty much any other Ubisoft game then you've played this one. Tom Clancy and Ghost Recon really shouldn't be in the title, as there is a complete lack of meaningful tactical gameplay. The AI is probably just copy/pasted from Assassin's Creed, given how many awful decisions they regularly make. When undetected even the toughest enemy dies to a single suppressed pistol shot. But as soon as you miss and subsequently found, everyone is now a bullet sponge because physics.The contrived story is devoid of anything substantial, and the Ghosts military banter as you fumble your way through the abysmal vehicle controls is only funny for the one joke that you'll hear twice in the next hour of play if you can even stand it for that long. The coolest part of the game is by far the gunsmith mode.Customizing your weapons is about as deep as in previous entries. Barreling across the landscape (that when its not flickering, and when you don't look tooooo closely is actually pretty decent to look at) unlocking new areas and quickly finding the intel to unlock the weapon and accessory locations for that region is the most rewarding part of the game. But then you might as well get that firearm simulator if that's all you wanted out of something that was supposed to follow up Future Soldier. At full price I'd stay far away, and at most I'd pay $20 if that. There is some fun to be had if you take a buddy along for the ride. The usual buggy goofy shenanigans abound and messing with the AI and pulling off bombastic stunts can be fun. If that's what you're looking for by all means take the plunge, but wait for a steep discount."
,Recommended,460930,30408623,Posted: 9 March,all,Joesontv,Epic game but few bugs but there always will be bugs and glitchs but this game is worth getting!
,Recommended,460930,30408274,Posted: 9 March,all,Joe,"9/10 game, extremely addicting, very good ai, very fun coop mode. Only thing bad is the sensitivity of driving, some vehicles are very hard to control with mouse + keyboard"
,Recommended,460930,30376956,Posted: 7 March,all,MongooseNX,"Pros:Beautiful game, huge map (I forget that there must be a boundary somewhere).Lot's of non-linear play, I was flying to a mission and saw a plane shot down (nothing to do with me). I went to investigate, found supplies to mark, and a lead for a whole list of side missions.Makes me want to play multiplayer.  I'm a die hard single player gamer, and I'm already (after 3 hours) excited to join some co-op groups this weekend.Con:AI overall is good, but I'd like to see more tactics from enemies.There is no reason not to just drive like a maniac from point to point, I'd like my actions to possibly draw attention?  Raise my profile (maybe unidad sends a patrol to check on the pickup that went crashing through the jungle)I can easily see this game being my go to shooter for quite some time."
76561198160656256,Recommended,460930,32906269,Posted: 27 June,all,[B@kd] Baked_Ghost,i love this game. Now if only i had friends to play it with.
76561198003139823,Not Recommended,460930,33847007,Posted: 27 July,all,Napalm Bonerfart,"There's a lot of bad to be said about this game, but it's hard to figure out where to start.First off, there are a lot of broken promises from the reveal trailer. No two missions actually effect one another as mentioned and the various dynamics of mission completion are entirely gone thanks to a linear scripted story. This ALONE was truly lost potential.Combat is somewhat repetetive, but actually shines a bit when utilizing stealth. This makes sense, a group called the Ghosts SHOULD be stealthy at their core. SADLY once you hit 'end game' this goes out the window. The ONLY way to earn resources after completion of all missions and side missions are the constant streams of convoys, which cannot be stealthed. Seriously, make some supply caches or something for us to stealth through instead of these ANNOYING AS ALL HELL convoys that make combat more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more and more repetetive. (See what I did there?)The weapons and characters in the DLC do not cross over to the normal game. THIS IS BAD. Seriously though, it IS bad. That's just LAZY game design. At least unlock the DLC weapons and clothes in the main game and vice-versa or something. Jesus, WTF was Ubisoft thinking?!Oh, um, the story is actually pretty good. Surprised? I was, and pleasantly so. Good job Ubisoft, and while the twist was somewhat forseeable it was STILL a good one.The AI is garbage. Your friendly AI holds dominion until the end game, where they become utter trash and die too fast and don't even shoot in self defense. Worst US special forces ever. The cartel is pretty bad too, the UNIDAD (local military police forces) are actually fairly competant and are the real challenge you face. What they sometimes lack in tactics they make up for in numbers, accuracy, and lethality. Avoid them if possible.No PvP. Seriously, not a sale-killer for me, but really? This was a Day 1 promise and it's not happened yet. WOW. That's just false marketing.Eh, anything else you can basically watch on YouTube. This review covers the barebones important crap."
,Recommended,460930,30400971,Posted: 8 March,all,Roman,Great game with great concept. Co-op is great and ubisoft hasn't managed to ruin this yet! Driving isn't as bad as everyone says and it runs perfect on my 980 with i74790k.
76561198116095912,Not Recommended,460930,30597522,Posted: 18 March,all,Itssofluffy,The First 10 hours or so are fun.After that the game becomes really repetative with no rewards to progressing and i have been left with no motivation to finsh the last couple of areas :(Also another note play this game with friends as its really boring on your own! The AI for your sqaud members if you play single player are awful even when they are fully upgraded!I am really disapointed with this game was hoping for much more!
76561198077023301,Recommended,460930,30695180,Posted: 23 March,all,Mytch,"This game is how you make it. If you play it with the same playstyle every time, it is repetitive and boring. Play with friends and keep mixing it up and you'll have a good time. The map has incredible magnitude and detail, with a huge variety of environments. As far as customization for both weapons and character, pretty much average."
76561197960968248,Not Recommended,460930,33220039,Posted: 4 July,all,The Morginator,"This game is far too repetitive. Every mission is basicly the same. It has some cool elements like scouting with drones, but overall the game just seems like its any other open world game - with a new skin.This game really had potential.. but no. just no.Besides the missions being repetitive, the voice acting is crap and the overall story line is so boring that i didnt even bother to understand it.The game feels unfinished and reused, i wouldnt but it even it was on a sale."
,Recommended,460930,30373766,Posted: 7 March,all,Kaleidoscope69,"It's like co-op Metal Gear, but dumbed down a bit.Would only recommend if you have friends. Which you probably don't."
76561198254731264,Recommended,460930,31249309,Posted: 19 April,all,Twitchy,"A good shooter that's a definite step-up from the division and is roundly a much better game.Here's what I like about it:A) Shooting mechanics are greatB) Good grahpicsC) Good physicsD) Good variety of gunsE) stealth system is pretty fair.F) Awesome for cooperative playG) map is hugeH) good variety of vehiclesHere's what I don't like about it:A) The difficulty scales are too forgiving. Even on max difficulty the game is pretty easy.B) Can't use found gun mods on quest reward weaponsC) The flying mechanics are absolute garbageD) It's nowhere near as repetative as the diision, but it is still mostly a series of gofetch quests.E) You do not get to 'call in' via rebel support the entire variety of vehicles that occur in the universe and are limited to a few boring options.F) calling in a vehicle may drop it on you and kill you, or it may land 1000 feet away on top of a mountain peak making it inaccessible leaving you to stand around with your dik in your hand until the cooldown is up againG) Final quest/endscene is immensely dissapointingH) There's a lot of gun mods which are essentially pointlessWorth purchasing if you're into shooters, and most importantly everything kind of just...works for the most part.score:7 1/2 /10."
76561198201382807,Not Recommended,460930,30669816,Posted: 22 March,all,el_n00bo,"Casual 3rd person shooter / squad based shooter.Pro: lots of gun & character customization available. Relatively decent storyline. AWESOME graphics and weather effects, lots of data regarding environment legends and so on (collecting all data and intel is a challenge in itself). A sketch of ballistics is simulated (but not exagerated). Gun play is actually nice. The sounds are great. It's eye and ear candy.Cons:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and dull AI. They do crack a few jokes, however the jokes repeat and a lot of time has to pass before any of the NPCs show any signs of a well put together character. Backstory (in the game) : none. You need to watch the war within the cartel and to play the mobile app in order to understand the backgrond.Repetitive: Extract this guy, kill this guy, rinse and repeat. (and recon the area before). In lower difficulties you can just go in guns blazing without any sign of punishment for that. As soon as you unlock the grenade launcher and have any idea of how to shoot it: bang. game is beaten.DLC such as skins and guns.... worthless.Overall the game is (for me) an indulgent 7/10. But given it's price tag... i surely wouldn't buy it again.Later edit:narco road just dropped and i am shocked on how bad they ♥♥♥♥ed it up.the game just becomes Crazy Taxi with pumped up graphics. (which are actually not working - playing on an ROG G752). You need to make a new character to play the DLC. Need I say more ? Now, as soon as you start playing the DLC - from rag tag CIA spooks dropped behind enemy lines you jump to this crazy♥♥♥♥♥mo'fo' who drives monster trucks - which simply put are less maneuvrable than a brick at 200 mph - to impress some hilbilly drug lord. I just dont have enough time or patience for that kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Should've bought kerbal space program instead :))total verdict 5/10.Do i recommend it ? Jesus Christ NO !"
,Recommended,460930,30423379,Posted: 10 March,all,MacMashPotato,"Ok so far, Ghost recon wildlands is a combination of ""the division"" ""mad max""Im waiting for it to be like a ghost recon game but i dont see that happeningand of course it has the stank of microtransactions.This game is going to be alot of repetitive gameplay, capturing bases, taging loot, collecitng intel, but i can tell its a well balanced kind of repetitive gameplay that does not get annoying, unlike metal gear solid 5. Also, this is not quite like any previous ghost recon game ive played, not a bad thing, but hardcore fans beware, this may be a fan base split for you guys, watch some gameplay before you buy. If your not a hardcore fan and you like tatical espionoge shoot em ups, then go for it this game cant dissapoint you."
76561198157329578,Recommended,460930,30743995,Posted: 25 March,all,SquirrelMan7,Best ubi game so far. Way better than division and will keeo u going for hours.
,Recommended,460930,30370814,Posted: 7 March,all,archangel2309,"I enjoyed the open beta and pre-ordered this game. Its finally come out and im really enjoying it. As for performance im playing on high settings getting around 45 to 60 fps on a rx 470 4gb with an i7 920 oc to 3.2ghz.The game feels smooth and have had no crashes or issues since playing it so far. looking forward to playing more. Its also really fun either solo or with friends. theres plenty to do. A lot of people say it gets repetitive but i have not felt that way, yea the missions are going from point A to point B or take over this, interogate that. But all in all its still so much fun."
,Recommended,460930,30392029,Posted: 8 March,all,"Dr. m00se, MD",LOVE IT. It's like GTA V and FarCry had intense angry sex.
,Recommended,460930,30980056,Posted: 6 April,all,kevinfitzgerald.net,"Fantastic game. Many, many hours invested and enjoyed every single one. Fits my play style perfectly."
76561198260331426,Not Recommended,460930,30718225,Posted: 24 March,all,VegasAce22,"This started out as an awsome game but it turned out to be a really long long same missions over and over 1,000,000 times. The vehicle and flight dynamics are out of a game i would say was 3rd world. Really need vehicle improvements, and the AI doesnt listen so well in tactical response. I truley would not have purchased for the amount i payed had i known how repetative the game is and the quality of the vehicle drivability. Wait for it to go on sale!"
76561197961161199,Not Recommended,460930,30383380,Posted: 7 March,all,Rick Dangerous,"So i just deleted my first impressions review, here is my final verdict of this game.Ghost Recon Wildlands is a bold attempt to make a huge entertaining open world experience, but falls flat because of stupid AI, more bugs and glitches than i can count, Bad story, bad voice acting and the same mission multiplied by 400.Let's talk about some of these things.AIDreadful, just dreadful. The AI can be seperated into two parts, the enemies you fight with co-op players or the AI you have as teammates when playing solo. They are both equally horrible. I mean, we are talking about some all time low AI in a triple A game here. Yes, it's that bad.The AI can spot you through solid objects, they know where you are if you detonate something remote (like EMP), If one in your squad get detected, they also know where you are (even if you were never detected), They know when you aim at them and when you reload. Your AI teammates and enemy AI sometimes stand right next to eachother without anything happening, they simply ignore one another as long as you are undetected.The Allied AI can also take impossible shots in sync shots, like shoot through mountains.This game was made entirely with co-op in mind, making the single player experience really bad. And both in co-op and singleplayer you will quickly notice how the AI basically is ""cheating"".Making AI impossible to beat is the easiest thing a game company can do, they just give them aimbot and just tell where the enemy is, viola. What makes for a good AI however, is when it is coded so that you almost feel like you are playing against humans. The AI in this game is nothing like human behavior, it's cheating, it's random and a complete mess.Bugs and glitchesI wanted to wait writing this review until after last days patch was released, so i could play the game over the weekend and see if things has improved. Except performance fixes, i can't find anything they fixed.This game is filled to the brink with bugs and glitches, and naming all of them here, is not gonna happen. There will be plenty of videos on this soon enough showing how unfinished this game actually is. At an average me and my friends experience about 10 bugs and glitches pr hour of play. Everything from supressors not mounted, missions fail to start, dual convoy missions spawn (same mission twice at the exact same spot), Drones and binoculars suddenly don't work, Animations suddenly stop working, and so on and so on.Seriously the game has hundreds of bugs.RepetativnessThe first 10-20 Hours in this game can be a blast, i had a lot of fun myself. And i also had over 40 hours in the beta. But then you start to notice how similar these missions really are and how identical everything plays out. You travel to a stronghold, or a camp, or a village, and you start laying out your plan. You spot your enemies, you plan your assault, and execute. This is btw the best way to play the game, as it feels rewarding to pull it off.Go in guns blazing can be done aswell, but it feels very anticlimatic and not rewarding what so ever.The problem is that this is all the game is. You have side missions that offer you some variation in terms of stopping some convoys, or steal a helicopter or a plane, or drive from one antenna to the other in a certain amount of time. But these missions are also exactly alike in their own respective way.When you have played for 20-30 hours you really notice this and the game starts to feel like a drag. You just know where this is going, when you travel from one place to the next, there is no ""i wonder what will happen on this next mission"". At best you will be stealing a boat, or watch some politician have sex with a prostîtute through the camera on your drone. This is kinda all the game is. No really unique mission with special types of challenges, all are exactly the same, over and over and over and over.You go to a place, you mark some dudes, you kill some dudes, you talk to a dude, or you abduct a dude, or you save a dude, then you get XP and unlock next mission. Then you go to a place, you mark some dudes, you kill some dudes, and repeat. Every single time, the exact same thing.And as you move along you kill underbosses, then bosses, then bigger bosses and then at the end the boss of all bosses. It's textbook storytelling, and basically as boring as it can be. It's mafia III all over again.And the bases you clear. Well all enemies spawn again just when you leave the area, then you come back, all enemies back exactly where they were last time. If you think of blowing up sam launchers to avoid being shot down in a resource plane you got in a side mission for example, forget it. As long as you leave the area, sam launcher respawns.The radio in the game plays the same three songs every single time, dialogue between characters are repeated into the state of redicilous. Almost everything about this game spells not finished to me, this game is far from polished and ubisoft should boot their completely useless Q&A team.This game is going to take months if not a whole year to fix.Additional thoughtsI have had two crash to desktops and one BSOD from the game. None after the patch. The BSOD is the first one i have had in many years, and many other people are also having them. Crash to desktop is common.Vehicle physics in this game is bad. Especially flying, as you only have left, right, down, up controls. You have no rudder. And you can fly through treetops, and even camp your entire helicopter inside trees without taking damage. Yep, this is one hell of a realistic tactical military shooter allright, i bet Tom Clancy would have been proud.All in all by now, all this sounds really dreadful, but there are some bright spots as well.So what is good about this game?Well the graphics are really good, i really like the map, for the most part that is. Water in this game behaves and looks stupid. No waterfalls for example, ubisoft rather put a river on a 70 degree slope, and the water flows just like it would flat. But for the most part the map is beautiful, huge with nice textures, i played the game on ultra with GTX 1070 and averaged about 55-60fps.But, draw distance is terrible. Enemies despawn at around 600m. And then being equipped with 50.cal sniper rifles designed to take out targets 1.5-2km away, feels really anticlimatic.The weapon customization though, is good, lots of options and lots of different guns. Gunplay however is not very impressive.The settings menu is state of the art, one of the best i have ever seen in any game.So here are my final words to sum it up.I have now played this game for a combined time of more than 100 hours including the beta. 66 hours is what i currently have in the finished game. And i am what seem to be max lvl which is 30, i don't get XP anymore. I have all elite skills and almost every other skill unlocked to the max. I have tried this game extensively in both singleplayer and co-op.So even if the game has it's obvious flaws, it was a lot of fun for the first 10-20 hours, even up to 30 hours. But then the reality sinks in, that you basically bought a huge 60$ map with copy paste missions placed all over it. And a generic boring story at it's centre. When you then include all the bugs and glitches this game currently has,i can not recommend it.I will probably play it some more myself, i am determined to finish it, even though i can feel the rage building up inside me because of all the problems this game has. But i will keep at it, i can't refund it now anyways. When the multiplayer PVP comes out in a few months, the game might be a lot better, who knows. But right now, no, stay away. If you were planning on playing this game solo, buy MGS V instead, or far cry 3 or something.In the state the game is in right now. I would say it's worth 25$ tops. Not more."
,Recommended,460930,30374621,Posted: 7 March,all,r2j2612,"Its very hard to review this game. Its a Mix of GTA V, Far Cry Series, Just Cause 3 (minus the Grapple Hook) and yet you die with about 4-5 hitsI pre ordered this game waaay back , then refunded it after playing Closed and Open Beta due to huge NAT issues and the linear structure of missions. Its just the same go here, Kill this, tag that, extract that, intercept this missions. However, the Co-op more than makes up for it.This gameshines when you play on Co-op. The fun of taking out targets and marking them is just gleefully fun. I had to re-buy this game after a few of my friends almost forced me to buy it only for the Co-Op.The Post launch NAT issues seems to have been ironed out so far too, with no NAT issues so far.Major Gripe - MicrotransactionsSeriously Ubisoft??? Half the Cosmetic stuff locked away beyond credit packs? FFS!!! Stop this travesty already.I am an Indian so if you think I am gonna buy the cosmetic stuff and not Grind them the hell out, you're wrong UbisoftSo far a mediocre-Good game with some really strong elements(Huge Map, Lots of unlockables, Co-Op)and some really weak ones(Driving, Flying)."
76561197962066184,Not Recommended,460930,34323536,Posted: 18 August,all,Hawk,"This is yet another nail in Ubisoft’s rep that proves that they may have some OK ideas but when it comes down to making the game they fail every single time.  Since the beta it has been panned for various reasons, it is totally and completely cookie cutter Ubisoft open world to a T with zero deviations to their tired formula.  The ""game"" is not fun, practically unplayable most of the time, best of all repetitive/grindy and boring so for all intents and purposes it is not much of a game.  Wildlands, which is now 5 months old with about 5-8 major patches applied to it is well documented as being a very underperforming game both in gameplay and over all game performance.  It still has major bugs and glitches that Ubisoft “fixed” months ago, it still runs poorly on even 1080/SLI machines (even though it was designed to run on last gen consoles), again still after 5 months and a rich company like Ubisoft Wildlands is still a hollow hot mess.If you do not have friends to play with Wildlands provides you with 3 AI squad members who are some of the most useless additions to any AI-coop game that I have ever seen, this also extends to any friendly rebel NPCs who regularly ignore cartel members directly in front of you in the middle of engaging you.  I’ve even seen cartel members take cover behind rebel vehicles and the friendly AI did nothing.  Your squadmates are also just as useless, from not reviving you when you are downed to having some of the weakest weapons that are so broken that there is actually a bug that causes them to do zero damage to vehicles.  The only thing that they are useful for is the sync shot which isn’t useful until you max that skill out which takes a lot of time and resources that could be better spent.  Routinely they ignore incoming gun fire and refuse to defend you and at times simply walk by cartel/UNIDAD.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113946227http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1108376093On the subject of the AI being broken beyond any game, with Wildlands being marketed as a ""stealth"" game  you'd expect some kind of proper stealth mechanics right?  Well you'd be dead wrong, the fairly bad system in MGS5 has nothing on how bad this Ubisoft title is, I mean Farcry 3 wasn't perfect but it was better then this title.  Kind of hard to be a stealth game when suppressors are rendered completely useless, when the enemy knows your exact position at all times but only triggers when you miss a shot or they ""see/hear"" something which then turns on their tracking ability.  Look it up there are videos online showing how bad the opposing NPC AI cheats, you can call in a diversion or cause something to happen on the other side of the world and they will go straight for YOU not the source of the disturbance or even remotely trying to make it look like it's not tracking you completely.  Using suppressed weapons is for the most part pointless and only hampers your weapons performance due to the now well know slow bullet speed.  If you've ever played a Battlefield title you know how far you have to lead your target.  Well welcome to the new ""top"" dog in slow bullet speed, which under normal situations is slow but once you put that suppressor on it is cut down by 50% or more so have fun leading that target.  Plus since the AI can hear you regardless of what weapon you use short of your hands it kind of puts the whole “stealth” thing under a microscope.Forget friendly AI this game is all about player coop right?  Wrong!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113953073The opposing NPCs also have fun mechanics which revolve around weather or not they are ""alert"" or not, if they are alerted this game turns into even more of a joke because the NPC health pools become at least 10x+ more.  I say 10x because when they are not alerted they are only a one shot kill from practically any weapon but when they are alerted their health and damage resistance goes through the roof to unheard of levels.  Keep in mind that this title is being sold as ""pseudo-realistic"" I don't know about you but when someone says that I expect some kind of realism to be within the game.  It takes you completely out of the moment and the belief, much like Ubisoft's last bad 3rd person open world title ""The Division"" which also failed horribly.  Having to shoot a guy in the mouth 30 times just because he is “alert"" is game breaking and takes you out of the experience entirely.  It doesn't matter what type of weapon you hit them with or where either, weapons that should be out right dismembering NPCs simply cause them to stager slightly weapons like... ohh I don't know a .50 cal sniper rifle?  Yup same response, shoot them in the foot and all they do is get tickled, yeah you heard me right and remember ""pseudo-realistic"".  There is no real challenge only opposing force AI that flat out wall hacks, aimbots and reads user key/button inputs so the only challenge is weather or not you can stand playing against AI that cheats over the course of your entire playthrough.  This title takes so many ideas from GTA you have a military police force called UNIDAD, it's as if Ubisoft couldn't even be bothered to think of their own mechanic for when you start going on a rampage.  Why do I say that? because like every single GTA title ever made you have a wanted level and the best part about UNIDAD is that they will follow you, spawn infinitely, do greater damage, faster reaction times, they also have much higher health pools then gang members and once you reach a certain wanted level you get attacked by aircraft like gunships so yeah almost exactly like GTA with almost zero deviation to Rockstar's formula.  Too bad Ubisoft couldn't learn from GTA and make a compelling story with compelling characters in it but that's to be expected from the post 2000s Ubisoft.Wildlands is also plagued with game breaking bugs and poor optimization, which was known during the Alpha and for a game that was designed to run on last gen’s consoles one would think that the game should run great on PC right?  Nope this is Ubisoft after all and we all remember, or should, very clearly how badly Watchdogs on PC ended up being, or really any recent Ubisoft PC release in general over the past 6+ years.  On a system that was designed to kill Doom 2016, GTA5 and any other current game out there on Max/Ultra settings this title can’t even manage a consistent frame rate let alone visuals that are at the very least up to par with current generation of games.  Everyone gives the iD-Tech engine crap for having texture pop-in, well Ubisoft rise to the challange because this title has texture pop-in in spades.  The bad engine also seeps it’s way into gameplay, the world is rather large and has lots of open areas for you to play in, which would normally mean fun places to camp out and snipe at extreme range given how far you can see.  In Wildlands the engine is so limited it can’t even draw equal distance to GTA5 which by now is a 4 year old game designed for 360 /PS3.  The draw distance is so pathetic that you can’t even do moderately long range engagements as the world goes low-poly with graphics that look like you’re playing on an N-64 console.  Beyond 499 meters the world stops loading anything and turns everything low resolution and there is no setting to fix this unlike GTA5 which has more advanced video settings built in.  At least in GTA5 the world around your scope or your direct vision cone loads while the rest of the world stays low rez, this title can’t even manage that!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=975522877Wildlands was fun for the first 24-36 hours of game play then the tedium set in and the “game” became more of a chore to play, it was a glorified collect-a-thon without any of the payoff.  Even with a full squad of 4 real players it still does not help how boring and  shallow the experience of playing this title really is."
76561197991090980,Recommended,460930,34704756,Posted: 3 September,all,clampton,"Say what you will about Ubisoft's formulaic game design and repetitive missions. Ghost Recon: Wildlands is a giant pinata full of action and spectacle. And while the hundreds of side missions you stumble on its vast open world do get pretty repetitive, each of the campaign missions is different, and there are a lot of them. You only have to play about half of them to complete the main campaign, but you can keep playing afterwards to experience the rest. (Unfortunately, this produces a story reset that effectively invalidates the moving sacrifice made by a supporting character at the end of the main game, but that hasn't stopped me from playing more.)I thought the game's violent depiction of cartel-run Bolivia was unrealistic (and so, apparently, did Bolivia) until I saw the depiction of cartel-run Juarez, Mexico (in the period 2007-2012) in the movie Sicario, which has a similar plot. This is just Juarez writ large. In the tradition of other Ubisoft games, you take down a series of bosses and underbosses to get to the guy at the top and along the way you get to fly helicopters, planes and die repeatedly when your stealth attacks fail to be stealthy enough. Realistic, no. Fun, hell yes. It's worth it just to drive those mountain roads in a beat-up Jeep.From what I've played of the DLC, I'd say to avoid it, though Fallen Ghosts is the better of the two. I give this 9/10 and would drive off the side of a mountain road again."
76561198127490101,Recommended,460930,30415261,Posted: 9 March,all,TheoX,"This game is great. Some troubles here and there but great to play as a casual gamer. The solo mode works very well for me. I did not receive any major crashes yet (two occurred within 23h of gameplay).What I really need to get used to is the control of the planes and helicopters. At the moment, this is a pain for me.Overall, I really recommend this game and look forward to further improvements / patches. E.g. also new mission types ;)One big issue is the fact of missing features with the ATI graphics card. Screenshots are nice, but creating a high-resolution panorama view (with set graphic settings or even better) would be a great benefit because the created landscapes is really perfect. I read that this works on Nvidia graphics cards but to be honest this is not worth it to buy a new graphic card. So please include this for ATI as well!Looks like I still have some hours to play until I'm through ;)"
,Recommended,460930,30375285,Posted: 7 March,all,landis,"TL;DRProbably the best tactical coop shooter currently available. Console port; great graphics options but easy, even on Extreme despite decent shooter underpinnings; turning off minimap and avoiding regular intel caches helps. A lot of fun with friends, easy drop-in/drop-out, tolerates shenanigans/alcohol well. Lovely flourishes like flora mechanics and dirt/mud.edit: Later missions are more challenging, esp ones with differing objectives like grabbing targets alive or defend for a period of time. Rebel missions are all the same, story missions have decent variety.The Division? Really?The Division is an mmo looter, this is not; anyone who says otherwise is nuts. True, character customization/weapons loadouts are similar but gun upgrades/pickups are completely static; that's ok because this isn't meant to be a looter! You'll figure out some weapons you like or need if you're specializing and use them most of the time because the focus is on being a shooter. Which is also why, unlike Division, there are no bullet sponges (ok maybe choppers and such but it makes sense that an armored vehicle would take longer to bring down, a good marksmen can take out the passengers). Note that this is in Extreme, I do NOT recommend playing it any other way.GraphicsAre good, lots of options for pcs, decent view distance but sometimes wonky LOD. Performance has improved since beta. Lots of cool touches; grass compresses and moves, sugar cane gets pushed out of the way as you walk through it, vehicles take on dirt realistically. In an early plane stealing mission our group got some dirt on the wingtip when we dipped it into the runway slightly. Mud gets on vehicles in ways you expect. If your gamma is set correctly day and night differences are pretty good, night vision is necessary but worth turning off occasionally to see the sights.AtmosphereMuch less empty than Mad Max and doesn't get increasingly empty as you go, plenty of NPCs moving around making it feel relatively lived in, enemies don't completely disappear (good or bad but at least early on retaking of compounds you wipe out make sense and Unidad should probably be relatively permanent), rebel activity increases as you help out. Maybe more empty compared to GTA, I'm also a guy who's used to driving around empty ArmA 3 maps.MechanicsReasonably crunchy tactical shooter, in Extreme headshots are deadly (even body shots with high caliber), bullet penetration exists but feels wonky sometimes. LMG and high caliber snipers can pierce wooden fences and thin metal walls but canvas tents are disturbingly sturdy. Overall its much less crunchy than ArmA 3 but good enough. Primary focus of game is shooting things, kinda reminds me of simple fun killtower maps in Raven Shield but with more to do. There is bullet drop but no atmosphere, long range sniping is reasonably challenging but can get frusrating if LOD doesn't show you that there's an obstruction between you and your target. Overall, entertaining and reasonably rewarding; don't feel like NPCs cheat, good marksmanship and tactics pay off, just wish it wasn't quite so easy to rambo. Again, only play on Extreme!With the variety of things to do and a lack of arbitrary enforcement of approaches it's possible to do some clever things, esp with a well coordinated squad. For example, parachuting is pretty fun, flight ceiling is reasonably high, AI are reasonably aware: HALO insertion with a decently coordinated squad can be very entertaining. Belaboring the point a bit here, while it's not a milsim like ArmA 3 there's enough there to make it fun. Pop too soon and you're a sitting duck likely to get gunned down, pop too late and you faceplant, land in the middle of the bad guys and they'll get riled up potentially calling reinforcements and really making things pear-shaped.VehiclesAre ok. Cars aren't as bad to me as some others say, feels decent when climbing a hill in a heavy vehicle vs a bike with slide and so on. Bikes feel a bit too solid to me and the APC can get wonky. Helicopters and airplanes are... ok. Pretty sad there's no real yaw, helicopters aren't terribly realistic. Not a lot of potential for derring-do but they'll get you places and can serve as aerial shooting platforms. Drone is launchable from vehicles.ChallengeBiggest con is that it is too easy. I'd be even happier with the light crunch of the tactical shooter side if I wasn't spoonfed literally everything all the time. Kinda typical open-world Ubi bs I suppose, maybe to cater to console. Mad Max was similar but I haven't played many others (used to avoid on principle); Mad Max was better if you avoided Stronghold upgrades so similarly here I recommend avoiding major intel caches. At least here you can turn UI elements off and I recommend turning off at least the minimap. Game improves significantly if you're having to actually recon and discover/explore things on your own. You can always turn it back on later if you need to scratch that completionist itch or if your coop partners aren't willing.Overall there is a lot here that doesn't rely on lame openworld mechanics so even in the worst case it's enjoyable. Just wish it was better."
,Recommended,460930,31013143,Posted: 8 April,all,✪ JvS™,"Love this game !!!Pro's :* Can do alot of stuff with or without friends.* On extreme mode , it makes it worth it !* Love the story line.* No server lag :D !Con's :* Maybe it needs more missions ! Or alot more side missions (scared that the game will die if all the missions(story-line) is done)."
,Not Recommended,460930,31891649,Posted: 21 May,all,One Friendly Remaining,"Full price waste of 10.8 hours of my life on a mediocre game that takes place in a beautiful, yet empty world. This game is half-baked, so my review will be as well.Pros: Great graphics, animation quality, and customization.Cons: Terrible A.I., boring and repetetive gameplay structure, and a weak story.Oh yeah, there's also Uplay."
,Not Recommended,460930,31464384,Posted: 30 April,all,Kim,Unfinished release
76561198136452583,Not Recommended,460930,34648183,Posted: 31 August,all,The Negasus,"Keep hearing nothing  about the pvp aspect of the game which was supposed to launch shortly after the game came out. never hear anything about fixing any of the incredible number of buges or glitches. they cant even deliver on the pvp aspect, which is now roughly 4 months overdue/ i've been keeping the game installed waiting to see if pvp would save the game but at this point i doubt it will ever come. time to uninstall and stop wasting hard drive space"
,Recommended,460930,30375079,Posted: 7 March,all,PSYCH0T1C_GH0ST,"Performance wise -only one problem so far, you can't play it maxed out even on a card like GTX 1080, i am using GTX 1070 amp extreme, tweaked the settings from very high to ultra, getting decent fps from 60s to 70s and sometimes in 50s while driving. still 8 on 10  game looks damn beautiful and performing good with little tweakingGampley wise -One word, AMAZING, well many don't like it but i am telling about my experience, just enjoying every single second of this game, stealth is good, map is brilliant, really beautiful, mission structure is really nice according to me, you are free to do whatever you want and do missions however you want, some people say its strictly stealth but that's not the case, you can play it loud as well. 9.5 out of 10 for gameplayOverall -just a beautiful game with breath taking scenes and some awesome action, open world fans and stealth fans just go for it. overall score from me is 9.8 on 10 (would have been full 10 on 10 if game was not problematic on maxed out) but still its a diamond !EDIT- Performance issues gone with all those patches, at least for me.EDIT2- Don't bother yourself with season pass or DLC it sucks so bad you have no idea, loved the orignal game till the story ended but now its dead and my last hope was the DLC in which i wanted some awesome stealth missions but instead got some effing driving missions, man GRW is an awesome title ruined by UBI♥♥♥♥."
76561198015604040,Recommended,460930,30370933,Posted: 7 March,all,[H1N1] DALLAS,"Well, i didn t know if i had to put a positif or negatif review, because there are still so many things to be fixed that i was a bit disappointed when i first started playing it.But i will recommend this game because i have FUN when i m playing it, actualy a lot of FUN. I realy hope that they will improve the game in all sort of things but this game is cool as ♥♥♥♥, cool guns, nice graphism, coop, soon multiplayer...So i have hope!"
76561198082487763,Not Recommended,460930,31645590,Posted: 9 May,all,Cepsis,"I really enjoy the game, but every other week  I can't play for a couple days until someone comes up  with  a work around to whatever damage was caused in the latest patch. For example, I had about 50 hours in on high graphics at 50-60 fps. I then updated the game a couple weeks ago and found myself locked to 15 fps. Even with everything on low settings. Had to do edits to the config file to get myself at 30 frames. Then this week the game would launch and  be visible in the task manager, but the application never showed on screen. Turned out  it was  a  communication issue between Steam and Ubisoft because if you go offline with Ubisoft then you can restart  the game and it will launch properly. Ubisoft breaks the game and then leaves it up to us to find out how to keep playing. This just isn't quality and I can't reccomend buying from them until they improve their practices."
76561197966558357,Recommended,460930,30371367,Posted: 7 March,all,sinsro,"Played the beta, and now on the release date the final version. It is an awesome game with lots of content, amazing graphics and somewhat interesting story. But, I have some thoughts about playing it as a tactical shooter, which is my favorite play-style.I am playing it on the hardest difficulty level, but it is still way too easy. The main reason is your gadgets and teammates are extremely overpowered even from the very beginning. I can use the same tacticts over and over, which is, deploy drone, tag all enemies, mark them for sync shot and let the AI-controlled team members kill them off three at a time.There are three main problems making this strategy too easy. One is, you have an infinite number of drones. Sure, the range and battery time is somewhat limited, but once it has used its battery you can just spawn a new one in your hand after a short cooldown time. This combined with your AI-controlled teammates ability to sync shoot the enemy flawlessly no matter if they have a clear shot or not, even through a solid mountain, makes you feel you are playing with some kind of cheat code.Another issue is the bodies of fallen enemies disappear after a short time, so you can just drop them all over the place with your drone initialized sync shots, and when a patrol comes there they will know nothing. In the end, you just need some patience and you're done.So, if the enemy is within the range of your drone, they are basically all dead and you can kill them all safely far away behind cover. Your AI teammates will do all the work from impossible angles or distances.I hope Ubisoft will adress this imbalance. For example by forcing you to pick up your drone if it runs out of battery or at least limit the number of drones you can deploy, have the bodies of enemies stick around until you cleared the area completely and make sure your AI-teammates cannot make impossible shots.I also found cars are extremely overpowered in the game. You can basically use them as tanks, and just drive around in an enemy territory and have your team kill everyone while you are protected from enemy fire. Since vehicles can drive anywhere due to some car physics engine more geared to ensuring players can never get stuck than realism, there is no limits to how you can deploy this tactics. No need for a road, even GTA feels more realistic after a while. Helicopters also handle in a weird way, in many ways the game smells a bit like rushed.In general, Ubisoft takes a lot of shortcuts to solve obvious problems. Letting the AI-team sync-shoot through mountains is probably easier to handle for the developers, and also if you leave teammates behind they suddenly just pop back right next to you. Cars handle in a weird way, to make sure you can never get stuck in the landscape, and the list goes on. Many details like these add up until you feel the realism just fades away. So, do not expect a military simulation in any way, even though the game has some serious look to it.In the end I will give the thumbs up though, as it is a fun game after all. And, you can still challenge yourself by not using the drone for example. The graphics is also a huge plus. The vast landscape is a joy for the eye, and it is so nice to just roam around to take it all in. Some nice touches like your AI-teammates telling jokes, and the radio programs add a lot to the charm. Hope to see some adjustments to the game after the release though.EDIT: As someone pointed out in the review comments, you can disable the HUD for a more tactical game experience. This really transformed the game completely, and it is now exactly what I am looking for. With the highest difficulty setting and without the unrealistic hand-holding HUD showing you where all enemies are at any time, it is one of the most spectacular tactical games on the market today! Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,460930,30655501,Posted: 21 March,all,[TAW] IceBones,"GRW has a lot to criticize. Mostly it's repetitive gameplay, superfluous weapons, awful aircraft controls and confusing vehicle design. Beneath that though lies a solid, immensely enjoyable co-op game that gives you and your friends a run for your money and tactical skill in a huge, beautiful environment.There is so much I'd like to say and spoil, but if you liked the outpost sections from Far Cry and weapon customization this is the game for you. It's a tactical shooter that's unforgiving but also great fun. It takes time and skill to learn, but when you do it never ceases to surprise you or catch you off guard.While a lot of the weapons in the game seem to have little purpose except as filler (Why you would want to use a bolt-action sniper rifle that has worse damage, handling and penetration stats than a semi-automatic one, I don't know), but they handle well, offer a wide variety and land each kill with a very satisfying *THUNK* sound.Get it with friends, play it for a weekend, and enjoy the hell out of parachuting from a kilometer up in the air only to miss the chute release and land balls-first on a wooden fence."
,Not Recommended,460930,31470836,Posted: 30 April,all,Eddie Lobotomy,"Very easy and bland, even on the hardest difficulty. Got bored by the second story mission and decided to refund it, not worth the discounted 20% off I got, and especially not worth full price. Doesn't feel like a Ghost Recon game, feels like a Misfit Brigade game. Driving sucks, flying sucks. Only good with friends, and even then, you'll both be bored. Game looks beautiful on ultra, however. Though, my 4690K and GTX 1070 can only run it on very high, at 1080p which is ridiculous to me. Enemy muzzle flashes look like something out of a 90's game."
76561198095898428,Recommended,460930,30974684,Posted: 6 April,all,Dim0N✡04,GOOD GAME
,Not Recommended,460930,30581815,Posted: 17 March,all,Foxy Boxes,"Short version:This feels like the Sonic 06 of the Tom Clancy franchise.So borderline unplayable yet at the same time a lot of fun to co-op.The physics and graphical issues should not be a feature.+ Fun with friends or allies. It's like a game of pickup sticks, but with guns.+ Sniping. That feeling when hearing that hit mark on a 700m+ shot.- Everything else. AI, Vehicles, Terrain, Missions, Controls all in varied stages of bugging out, stopping working or breaking in some manner.RANT AHEAD:The controls frequently glitch out preventing drone or binocular use. While maybe not controls directly, my character has in every session at some point given up on snapping to cover preventing peaking. Whole game has to be closed down and restarted to fix.AI is overpowered, dumb or glitchy half the time, spotting you through walls or while directly behind them; enemys spawn in less than 300m from you, including attack helecopters which can then spot you. If 1 enemy spots you, even if you kill them the moment they do before they can react. EVERYONE EVERYWHERE knows your EXACT location. EVEN IF YOU ARENT DETECTED but the enemy is on alert, a silenced kill somehow makes everyone search the location you shot from even if no-one witnessed the shot or the kill.The pop in is painful and often blocks shots you can't tell are being blocked by non-existent objects. I also feel like since the last patch the pop in got worse?The alerts are stupid because its not like, oh they've called in support from another base; no just 3 fully loaded vehicles appear instantly at the front gate or quite possibly on the road that just so happens to be directly behind where you were sniping from which was 400m away from the base itself.This list could go on. Missing out on various mission glitches, the rediculous rebel AI and such but this is enough for starters."
,Recommended,460930,30423669,Posted: 10 March,all,Sly,Lovely co-op experience.
,Not Recommended,460930,32649100,Posted: 22 June,all,Multiple Asscheeks,Released in alpha. Still in alpha.
,Not Recommended,460930,30545674,Posted: 16 March,all,Michiel de Ruyter,"Honestly this game is fun the first 15 hours after that you feel that all missions are just the same. The thing though lately with ubisoft is that all there games feel like copy pasta with a different skin.Just can't push myself to finish this game just like Far cry Primal.The story line lately of ubisoft feels like it's made by a suicidal 14 year old teen. No emotion, no logic, just chaos and repetitive missions.Thanks ubisoft but i won't buy anymore of your games."
76561198159771915,Recommended,460930,31010965,Posted: 7 April,all,✪ exphire,"Very high quality game, highly highly recommend it to anyone that is interested. There are a few bugs mainly with vehicles but even then they are minor and not game changing. The missions are insanely fun later in the game, so I guess my one criticism is that the early missions kind of get a little repetitive. Other than that I really enjoy the game and since it's open world you can enjoy it even after you finish the story line."
,Recommended,460930,31026316,Posted: 8 April,all,Phishing Master's Taco Box,"Biggest pro in my opinion: Sync Shots.Biggest con in my opinion: Cloned core gameplay from Far Cry 3, 4, and Primal.I recommend it if you have never played any game in the Far Cry series before.I recommend you to buy with discount OR dodge it if you have already played/beat Far Cry series.I do not recommend it if you don't have the rig to run the game. Minimal requirement is GTX 660 but you actually need at least GTX 770."
76561198012332501,Recommended,460930,31109044,Posted: 12 April,all,[MKN] Blackhawk,"I LOVE it! Its like Just Cause and Far Cry mashed together with the option for tactics.It's Ubisoft, so there are the usual Ubisoft problems: networks issues, Multi GPU issues, crashes a lot even on my $2k rig etc. If this game were a animal, the only humain thing to do would be to put it down due to the ammount of debilitating problems.With that said, this game is so unbelievably addicting! Definitly worth the price dispite the problems.DOES NOT SUPPORT R9295x2!!! Game only recognises half of the card."
,Not Recommended,460930,32688180,Posted: 23 June,all,NecroQueef,"Don't get this game. Mostly because they advertise it as a military sim.  When something is a ''simulator'' it's supposed to be accurate.  This game is not accurate and on top of that the bugs are outrageous.Pros:-Looks nice (if you have an overclocked 1080)Cons:-Insanely unrealistic bullet drop-Bugs, bugs, bugs, bugs-Reused, unoriginal gameplay-Repetitive-Bugs, bugs, bugs, bugsIn essence it's a Ubisoft game that is just looking for money from all the hype it generated.THIS DROVE THE NAIL INTO THE COFFIN THAT I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER UBISOFT GAME AGAIN.(just like EA games...)"
76561198076876236,Recommended,460930,30855397,Posted: 31 March,all,Mahlfeitor,"Ghost Recon Wildlands like all Ghost Recon games is not for everyone. But for those gamers out there who do like the Ghost Recon series, this is a must play."
76561198321983001,Recommended,460930,31112171,Posted: 13 April,all,Hardboiledegg,"Very fun and cool game, good to get a 4 man crew together and kill some narcos, bit pricy $$$ wise, but worth it if you want to have a decent open world co op game in your library!!No major bugs or issues my end, very smooth running on a mid range gaming PC!"
76561197977267103,Recommended,460930,30402970,Posted: 8 March,all,Conspiracy Theory,"Nice enough game with a lot of lovely content..Can be stunning in places.... Real pleased I was able to buy it.Varied gameplay; tons of options... Bots to Live MultiPalyer Ops at the flick of a switch.Runs great on my 3-year old rig with a newish GPU (GTX1070).Has a few things a few percent of people with strange expectations are ungrateful about..1) The Game is designed to look even better on future hardware (such as the very recently released GTX1080Ti).2) A GOOD rig is required to run this game. A top i5 or an i7 is going to be the way to go. No potatoes.3) It did run nicely on Medium settings on my 3y/o Haswell i5 R9 280 Crossfire rig... No complaints there.4) You NEED a Good Internet connection. We have Fiber-Optic and have no connection issues in the Far East.5) A GTX1070 Will run it nicely on Pretty High settings; assuming you have a good Motherboard & upated Drivers.6) Make sure you install the game on a good Gaming-Hard-Drive/SSD, and not on some rusty old File Drive.7) Enjoy.......it might take a while to get your head around all the details of the game and what to do, but that`s good.Oh, and yes there are a couple of bugs..Those of us who re-map cannot steer the motorcycles.There is no Mapping for the 6-Home/End Keys.... for some unknown reason.There may be others I have not found yet."
,Recommended,460930,30674046,Posted: 22 March,all,Combi,great game <3
,Recommended,460930,30465161,Posted: 12 March,all,Scone Enthusiast,"so I love this game, honestly one of the most fun open world games I have played ever. It's like a third person far cry with friends and a bigger, more diverse world (and by diverse, I don't mean race, I mean scenery). The only complaints I have is that the gameplay can get a LITTLE bit repetitive and the optimization could be better on PC. I have a i7 4770k and GTX 980 TI, and can run the game at very high (with HBAO+) at 50-80 fps most of the time, but I have friends who have GTX 660s and can't run the game smoothly unless they are playing at 720p on the lowest settings. I also have tried playing this game with a GTX 770, and it was awful. I couldn't get 60 FPS on medium with that card, and same processor. Other than those gripes, good game! Would recommend this, great ubisoft game."
,Recommended,460930,30420573,Posted: 9 March,all,OrbSponge,Awesome game from ubisoft. The map is just HUGE which provides a lot of oppurtunities. Playing single player might be a bit boring but atleast you die less. hehehe
76561198112787794,Not Recommended,460930,31223826,Posted: 18 April,all,ehaugw,"All weapons, attachments, skills and resources (which can only be used for skills) are all gotten as collectibles spread across the map. You do not have to work for your upgrades, just grab a helicopter, fly over to what you want and pick it up.Different questlines can be done in any order, and are always the same. Either ""blow up cache"" or ""kill/interogate/extract someone"".The game is full of bugs, that Ubisoft does not intend to fix. Simple bugs, like missaligned sights (which is a very bad thing for snipers) was detected at release, but has still not been fixed.There is no consequence of dying, none at all. You dont even have to pay for the ammo that you lost on your previous attempt, because ammo is free. All in all, the fastest way to leave a mission zone is to suicide as soon the objective(s) is completed.Even though the game is all about cooperative mode, the online matchmaking should never be used, because it lets you join a host who is at a completely other stage in the game, which means you get spoilers.But... there is one thing this game has done right: it's really fun to play with friends!tl;dr: If you do not buy this to play with friends, don't buy it at all."
,Recommended,460930,30682857,Posted: 23 March,all,Rhyzak x Revy,its aightNarco Road Update:narco road is a pile of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥. who the ♥♥♥♥ knws what the ♥♥♥♥ fallen ghosts is gonne be like now for ♥♥♥♥ sakes. which ever ♥♥♥♥ign ♥♥♥♥ ever thought narco road was a good ♥♥♥♥ing idea over at ubisoft needs to be ♥♥♥♥ing hanged and flayed.
,Recommended,460930,31068382,Posted: 10 April,all,yaaboiiFlow,Completed the game 100% (missions) in 2 Player-Coop in about 45 Hours.Bought the game in the first week it launched.Was it worth it? - ♥♥♥♥ yeah.Was it fun? - ♥♥♥♥ definetly yeah.Was it bugged? - Sadly.. yes.. a lot... although they fixed some greater issues with the first patch.
,Recommended,460930,30970664,Posted: 5 April,all,Talos,"good game, wish we would get more character packs for free.also you should be able to customize your ai teamates. simple little things are missing but its still a fun game"
,Recommended,460930,31005564,Posted: 7 April,all,davidlovephotog,"If you were bored by the story in Far Cry 4 but loved taking out the oupost, this game is for you cause that's pretty much the game.  Others might get bored but I love it.  So many ways to take the bad guys out.  Still haven't come across any of the glitches or backlash problems I've read.  My advice, upgrade from Windows 95."
,Recommended,460930,31010909,Posted: 7 April,all,fergydanny,"A truly breathtaking world filled with adventures. I've played about 30 hours so far, have completed the main last mission and it was awesome. Great game would definitely like to see more like this"
,Recommended,460930,31024799,Posted: 8 April,all,r0t,"Great game!!!!!!!!! Except for the car and plane controls (which aren't very good tbh), this game is fantastic! 400 square miles of open world gameplay, 5 different climates, loads of story missions, too many side missions to throw a stick at, completely customizable weapons and an (almost) completely customizable avatar!!! It's really great!If I could nit pick, I would love to see a lot more/better ""silent kill options"", greater variety of scopes, more handguns, more avatar customization options (although with the cutscenes I get why there isn't more), better car controls, and some climbing stuff! It would also be cool if you could customize your ""team of ghosts"". You get all kitted out in black for night missions, or white for snow missions and they never change.Overall though, this game is fantastic. 55 hours in, I think I'm MAYBE 30% through the story/progression, and I've unlocked probably 80% of the unlocks."
,Recommended,460930,31192074,Posted: 16 April,all,BAWB.BAGET,"Pros:Taking out an outpost or setting up the perfect ambush never gets old.Graphics/vistas are amazing.You'll find yourself sinking a lot of minutes customizing the right look for your character, as well as your weapon look and attachments via weapon part editor. Many weapons and attachments to try out.The AI squad members are actually well done. They can revive you once per ""gun-fight"" and it's never really been an issue. You don't have to wait for them to get in your vehicle if you drive away. They'll just teleport inside of it. I'm actually only playing mainly with AI as it's a pain attempting to coordinate with randoms or even people on my friends list. I'm having a blast with AI.PC Graphic options have a preview so you can see what an option looks like if you enable/disable it, which is pretty convenient.ConsThe dialogue scripts could get cheesy at times, but overtime you become numb to it.If someone joins you, the other AI members get kicked. So there's no mix of AI and human members in your team.PricePricing-wise, I'd say it's worth the full standalone price.However, I got the gold edition and some of the items aren't really worth it. The deluxe edition bike is only available at one safe house and it really isn't all that different from the default bikes ingame.Verdict:Conclusion:Wildlands is a game you would play in bursts of 1hr or 2hrs.It's a game to play when you have nothing else to play.The objectives can get ""repetitive"" like other reviews state, but it really depends on how you approach them.If you are creative enough then your imagination is your only limitation to the missions."
,Recommended,460930,31303733,Posted: 22 April,all,Hugh Janus,"Bought this game when it came out and ever since I've loved it.Ghost recon wildlands is a great game overall, love the depth of detail when it comes to customization for your character, guns etc. The missions are all quite unique and can be interpreted in anyway which suits the player best. You can replay these missions as many times as you like either solo or as a co-op with upto 3 other friends. The graphics make the game fantastic asthetically. The map is very large, and there is a lot to discover.However, if your a gamer like me who plays the game constantly after it's released you will find that you complete the missions, giving you a game time of around 20-30 hours (discluding any side missions etc), which for me was a negative as I thought this was a extremely short amount of time. Another negative for me was the current dlc which is available to be bought from the store, the 'Narco Road' dlc, seems to be quite stupid and irrelevant to the true purpose of the game, and I hope Ubisoft release more relevant and exciting dlc in the future.Overall I would highly recommend the game to everyone, it's something completely different to anyother game and it's great to play.Your friendly neighbourhood spiderman xx"
,Not Recommended,460930,32790366,Posted: 25 June,all,HLX,"If I could get the 11.5 Hours I waisted on this game back, Trust me I would. The game was fun for the first 2 or 3 hours then every ""misson"" was just a reskinned version of the previous ones. The game feels verry repetitive, even though the ""missions"" are different. If someone asked me if they should buy this game, I'd tell them save their money and spend it else were.Let's have a moment of silence for the waisted $60.00"
76561198334786171,Not Recommended,460930,31648078,Posted: 9 May,all,PugLord,I played this game allot and it enjoyed me allot but once you get el Sueno the game starts to get boring.The dlc is really dissapointing
,Recommended,460930,30485617,Posted: 12 March,all,q8_architect,Great Game (Excellent). It worths your Money (I bought the gold edition). Amazing open world and story. Every region in the map got its own story. The controls are so smooth. I highly recommend it.(اشتر اللعبه و انت مغمض و اللعبه تستاهل و فيها تنوع كبير و خريطه كبيره و كل منطقه لها قصتها)
,Recommended,460930,31496248,Posted: 1 May,all,CitizenX3639,"Thank you to the Publisher and Developers at Ubisoft for creating another new game that provided hours of entertainment and escape.Wildlands is the continuation of the success and failures of the Ubisoft formula but this time adding in the Bethesda Game Studios blueprint changes everything for the better. Its ability to border causal, arcade fun into serious,  tense gameplay makes Wildlands one of the biggest suspires and one of the best open worlds I've ever played.Wildlands is an open world, single player, (up to) 4 player co op, play as you want sand box set in the South American region of Bolivia. You are part of a 4 man specials forces operation team sent in to take down the Bolivian drug cartel known as Santa Blanca and its leader El Sueno. The story has strengths in writing and voice acting but the best moments are all found in recovered audio logs, intel reports and interrogations. One of the biggest failures of the story is the lack of any cut scenes from El Sueno himself or any of the cartel as you disrupt, kill, and take back the region. The backstories of each target(mission) is worth your time to explore but a (potentially) really great villain is not utilized to their potential.To take down the cartel and get to El Sueno you have to at LEAST take out 2 of the 4 Underbosses who oversee an aspect of the cartel such as production, trafficking, security and influence. Each Underboss has 5 Captains that  occupy a specific area on the map.  Completing missions to take out the captains will then lead you to the underboss.The regions are environmentally diverse and look fantastic. Consisting of mountains, desert, jungles, flatlands and wetlands the environments are so diverse in fact I would change my camo depending on the area to properly blend. Each area is also graded with a difficulty of 1-5. The harder the difficulty the more patrols and Unidad(elite) soldiers will be present.The main missions are standard sabotage, assassination, interrogation, extraction, and investigation. The strength in the missions is the diversity of level design, smart enemy AI and your ability to approach each how you want. I can't praise enough the level design as every base, airport, village, town and compound while aesthetically can look familiar the use of terrain and environments makes approaching anything in this game different everytime. Some missions will require you to remain completely undetected but for the most part you will be able to go guns blazing if you want but its all player choice. Upon my completion of my playthrough(completing all missions) my admiration for Ubisoft Paris and what they have created grows. I have approached all main missions with my co op friend on extreme difficulty with almost all features off(excluding the map) and whether its grabbing a cartel leader or sabotaging subs/drugs or doing any of the other types of missions that feeling of getting in and out without detection and completing the mission is matched by very, very few games.Each region also has a number of side missions which include hijacking planes, stopping convoys, defending radio uplinks and infiltrating radar posts . Completing these missions gives you resources that you can use to upgrade your character, equipment and the rebels. Rebel upgrades include the use of mortars, scouting regions for enemies, calling for back up, and a call for a diversion. Most of the upgrades for your character are very limited but can make you invincible. I actually stopped upgrading very early and using certain items to increase difficulty and realism but its all about player choice, how do you want to play. Don't want to do side missions? That's fine you can tag resources (tool boxes, gasoline barrels, medical supplies) that are located everywhere around the map. You also will need skill points in addition to resources to upgrade. Skill points, like resources are located around the map but are also collected when completing missions. Again, all side missions, upgrades, collectibles, and story are completely optional.If you have been playing any of the Ubisoft library of tactical shooters you know you can always count on a lot of variety in guns, attachments, great sound and feel and Wildlands does not disappoint. There is a large arsenal to collect but I found myself using the same guns for the main missions and all others for side missions, collectibles, etc. just to try them out. There is an option of going from First-person to 3rd person with a simple click, you can access your weapons and attachments at anytime which is kind of strange and all weapon locations, attachments, and accessories are all shown on the map. Another weird design choice.After playing the beta and the first few hours of Wildlands I was not very excited. I felt the game was way too easy like the Far Cry series. THEN I went into the options cranked the difficulty to extreme, turned everything off except the map and WoW what a difference. It changed everything negative into a positive. And while the game is built as 4 player, it doesn't scale, so 3 players is not too bad but 2 players is actually the perfect balance for the best overall tactical experience. That is the way I completed 75% of the game and it was amazing. Like the Bethesda Game Studios blueprint, here's a huge open world with a lots to do and all of it is optional, Wildlands lets the player decide and succeeds.Xbox 360 controller, 1080P/60 Ultrawide Ultra settings MSI R9/390PositivesHuge, beautiful open world that never gets old traversing by air, land or seaBethesda Games Studio blueprint of a lot to do, do what you want, all of it is optional.You basically set the game rules. No drones, extreme, all world options turned off, no rebel upgrades used except backup. This is how we played 75% of the game.The use of the diversity in environments and topography keeps each level (towns, airports, villages, bases, etc) and your approach unique everytimeExcels with the choice of playing as either an arcade shooter like Borderlands to the realism of ArmaCharacter customization, lots of weapons and accessoriesCompleting missions without anyone alerted is as satisfying as beating a Dark Souls boss, to me.NegativesToo many tools available at the start that make you OPIn single player no matter what difficulty your AI squad is invincibleInability to customize or direct individual squad membersThe omission of tools like wire cutters, non-lethal weapons and the ability to boost your partner. Basically, where are the Splinter Cell options?The exact type of weapon and accessories you can collect are shown on the mapAll story elements are basically in recordingsRPG elements are terrible I actually stopped upgrading early. Would rather have seen a class based system, camo given stealth/weight/ sound elements, etc.Explosions look weak compared to other newer titlesDidn't feel too much of a difficulty difference in a level 3 area to level 5Choppers sometimes seem to have a mind of their ownIn co op game does not scale making 4 player way OP."
,Not Recommended,460930,32769517,Posted: 25 June,all,ＤＥＣＵＲＩＯ,"I fell in love with the concept of the game only to become sorely disappointed by just about every aspect of it. The game play is extremely dull, suffering from repetitive tasks, poor gun play and awful driving controls. It isn't helped neither by an un-compelling story with an inconsistent tone and poor dialog, something that shouldn't be possible when the game is based on a black operation team hammering a drug cartel.So far I've seen nothing that makes this game standout other than the concept, which cannot possibly hold up the huge flaws that this game has."
76561198173511569,Recommended,460930,30388938,Posted: 8 March,all,RazorAnik,this is a very nice game :) The optimization has improved since closed beta ... i love this game totally i think its a best co-op game :)my personal ratio :9/10
,Recommended,460930,30393987,Posted: 8 March,all,AbdurrhmnY.M,"♥♥♥♥♥i plays it within very very demn demn demn low-end workstation pc,and got average 14 fps :v yeas♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198028481623,Recommended,460930,31384397,Posted: 26 April,all,Mac,I enjoyed the base game. DLC narco road is a complete joke.
,Recommended,460930,32917882,Posted: 28 June,all,DawnOfTheSky,"Overall: 7/10+ Graphics are B E A U T I F U L+ Weather is dynamic and realistic as well+ Bullet trajectory is realistic+ Stories and side infromation are interesting to listen to while playing- Extremely repetitve missions- AI for teammates are Gods, they teleport, are not registered by enemies, one hit kill shots, immune to friendly fire- AI for enemies are robotic- Clunky driving for certain vehicles (Looking at you AMV)"
76561197992929026,Recommended,460930,30375829,Posted: 7 March,all,EXPAND DONG,"Ran around Bolivia shooting dogs and yelling at people to get on the ground and announcing myself to civilians minding their own business. Also breached the wrong house a few times and shot the dog. Later we surrounded this compound for a couple of days, It was a fun camp out and then we accidentally shot the dog and might have burnt the building down, Also ran into it with a tank. Sorry about that tank thing, hes new. We later went on to hand out guns to the local cartel members so we could track them but we forgot how to track them so we decided to pull out and pretend nothing happened. 10/10 would shoot dog again"
76561197997192718,Recommended,460930,30430706,Posted: 10 March,all,Tacit,"I've enjoyed playing so far. just doing single player with AI, having no real issues with the AI like others. Just be patient, don't go all call of duty on this game. Learn the mechanics and gameplay. Slow and methodical killing and the AI is fine. Give them orders to open fire and they do fine. Sync shots are a lot of fun once you unlock more of them (only 1 to start).Love love love the huge open beautiful world, hours will blink bye before you know it.A couple bugs when you try to create another character (my 2nd character was covered by the menu) and not being able to back out of the character creation screen, but that's all I've encountered. No loading issues, no crashing issues, no rendering issues.Overall fun so far and enjoying myself with the game."
,Not Recommended,460930,35275839,Posted: 28 September,all,Xavi,"Good game for a while. Suddenly all missions start to look alike, then it gets boring.Made like 50% of game progress, then I never played it again. I don't even wanna try the expansions, though I've got them both installed.Good graphics, good playability, very poor mission variety.5/10"
,Recommended,460930,30775460,Posted: 27 March,all,deijre,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands has slowly convinced me to have it as one of my favorite games. I've long sought for a third person shooter game that would appeal to me that Wildlands has so far shown. To put a disclaimer down, I've only played one or two other TCGhost Recon games (this is important later on), because of this, I only have basic knowledge about them.//ProsThere are several things that went right for me with Wildlands, here's a few examples of what I thought of to be done excellent (in my opinion):* The character customization. I'm no bigot that excessively overanalyzes over the character creation, the game wasn't made that way anyway, but there will be a few handful that will complain about it anyway. The character customization for me was a fresh breeze, it didn't stray too far to let you sculpt your character's faces, but it did allow you to add on clothing and a little bit of other   a e s t h e t i c s   to shape and give personality to your character. You can't craft yourself to be an anime Dovahkiin (unfortunately), but the clothing choices they give you fit in the world of Wildlands.* The world as a whole. I'm nuts when it comes to exploration and Wildlands doesn't surprise. At first, you'd think that the starting area will be the same throughout, once you've traveled 5 kilometers, you'd seen it all, but it's the total polar opposite for this game. The biodiversity is HEAVENLY, it's f*cking awesome, I couldn't contain the excitement the first time I looked out into the horizon. I absolutely applaud Ubisoft for this as they've delivered the amazing coherence between the biomes and scenery to deliver upon us a definite breathtaking view. There's even a salt flat! You don't get that in your every day game. Here's a few of the ecosystems that exist in the game (there's much more than the few I listed here)- Mountainous heights.- Canyons- Forests- Jungle- Swamp* Here's to the most important aspect of the game, the gameplay. From what I remember with the one or two other TCGhost Recons I've played, they've always been a slow pace tactical shooter. I wasn't a huge fan of this, but I appreciated how they executed the tactical side of the game. Wildlands is obviously an open world game and because of that, the AI isn't always so smart. This is an open world, not a linear level where AI can be predictably commanded. I'm not here to blabber about AI though, that'll be another point. The gameplay in my experience was streamline, everything flowed well and I hadn't had an encounter where it wasn't a player error. I play the game on advanced, at that difficulty you can't expect to make a single mistake without running off with a few bullets in you, be very weary of how you move out throughout the bases you plan to overtake. I fully appreciate the tactical side of the game and I absolutely adore it. There's multiple approaches you could follow to take out your enemies. Deploy your drone to scan out the area of enemies, even enter buildings with said drone to sniff out those inside, but be careful to not get caught. In a situation where a drone jammer is apparent, there's always your binocular; not as versatile as a drone, but it does its job. You could parachute into the area, throw a diversion lure, snipe from a few hundred meters away, take things slow and peek around corners with your silenced pistol, take out lights to avoid detection, come in guns blazing with a helicopter and a gatling gun, you name it. Whatever exists within the game extent, you could probably do it.There's too much to list without starting to enter a zone of college essays, here's my last pro of the game.* The technical side of things. I run the game at 1080p60 almost everywhere I go. My settings are on the range of high to ultra (I have shadows on medium, personal preference). The game is generous to my CPU and GPU, barely reaching 63 C on my CPU and 75 C on my GPU at full brunt heavy load (my room is always a cozy temperature), everything handles out very nicely. The game is optimized, I haven't encountered stuttering, hanging, sudden FPS dips, and the most lovely of them all: no crashes.//ConsI could list much more for the pro side of things, but there isn't a game without its fair shares of negative downsides.* First and foremost, the vehicle physics. I guess Ubisoft just isn't as good at vehicles as other game companies, but they do their job fine. The only vehicles I really ever have trouble with is the trucks and cars. The physics is clunky, it feels unnatural and jumpy. The trucks/cars always feel stiff and never feel like they're controlling the way they should be.* [EDIT] The AI. I've previously mentioned this. The AI in Wildlands is decent in my opinion. The idea of having teammate AI perform as well as your human-friends is a distant dream. The AI performs well enough on its own merit, but requires babysitting and frequent command callouts. I wish there was a variety to how the AI works with you, otherwise it feels limited on your interaction with them.* This one isn't so much of the game, it's just Ubisoft's decision. I'm no big hater on this as other people seem to be completely dreadful of. The sight of Uplay with Steam is... weird. I don't get why we need another platform to play a game that's already been published on Steam, maybe something with the market strategy, I dunno. I don't have too much of an issue with Uplay itself, it hasn't malfunctioned for me and it works when I want it to. They allow you to use Steam's in-game overlay, which is nice (Origin doesn't let you do the same).[EDIT]* Reviewing this game too early was a regrettable mistake on my part. I've played the game much more and seen the negative side of things more frequently, most of which are bugs. There have been a few annoying glitches that personally ruins a part of the game for me.-Convoys randomly duplicate into two groups, four escorts and two convoys, often stuck and unable to move because of said duplication. You can claim the resource of only one truck, but you'd still be able to complete the mission.-Desync. Desyncs are still apparent, but I've seen Ubisoft slowly patch them.-I or my teammates will occasionally get bugged from another player's perspective and only for them do we stay at that one spot, but on the other's end, we're moving around as we regularly do. The only solution found to this is simply reconnecting, easy fix, but annoying.-There's also another occasional bug where you cannot deploy your drone or your binoculars, I haven't found the source of this problem (Not 100% sure of my suspicions), but when it happens it's an irritable issue, especially since drones are fundamental for stealth gameplay.//EndIf you're interested, I IMPLORE you to bring a buddy, it's much better to play the game with a friend, it's definitely better than playing with the AI. The overall segments of the game brought together into a single product has made me consider the game a worthy $60. The gameplay is smooth and the stealthy-atmospheric vibe you get with it is even better. It's optimized and I have yet to encounter a crash. It's an amazing experience with your friends, the world is huge and everything feels naturally placed. I'm only 7-12% through the game, yet there's still so much more lush content to experience. [EDIT] My current verdict for the game is a 8/10 (Previously 9/10); I still recommend the game. As of recently during the editing of this review, Ubisoft has released a 6+ GB patch for the game fixing several things too many to list. It shows they still look out for the game, so hopefully that they'll continue to patch it until no game-ruining bug is present, only would I then place back the 9/10 I previously gave it."
,Recommended,460930,30381083,Posted: 7 March,all,=TBM= Stefex-S,"I will try to tell ytou my opinion about this game.I will type some not  that much important things,and i will finish with maybe most interesting and important.1)Game content:Game has massive content.You have 28 bosses(1 big boss,8 medium bosses,and to be able reach this 8 medium,you must defeat 20 mini bosses).Game is all about this few things:taging resources(oil,medicine,ammo),doing side missions for extra points,skills,story missions(after 5 on the start of game,you can kill mini boss,)-didnt come that much far for now,so idk how many story missions you need to do for future mini bosses;grinding weapon things etcBUT,that famous BUT xD,content is kinda recycled,because 99% of missions are something like:find laptop and hack it,find evidence and take photos for further things,steal car,steal chopper,what is not cool thing in my opinion(6/10)2)Driving:one word♥♥♥♥♥♥Because when you are driving,and hit lamppost during 100KM?h or smash civilian with 20KM/h speed,you will get enormous damage.When you are on some parts of road,you will have bluered textrues,which will cause 5s of freezing(but its very very rare thing).(3/10)3)Graphic and specifications:Graphic is not impressive alot,bejcause if you dont have high-end mosnter,you wont be able to play onm Ultra on 60FPS,and if you play on <ultra,you will not experience that cool graphich.Most likely it's like comic book,because some builidng and Ai bots,ghave sharps and otuliens,which is making me laughing a lot.Specifications:as you can see you need ot have medium OR medium-end pc to play on Low-Medium grpahich in 40-70FPS.G&S(7/10)4)Gameplay:You have 2 tactics:stealth and loud.You can change always,from one to the second.For example:you are in middle of alert,they are rushing you,and if you hide good,thhan you will lose ""alerted"" and get ""hunted"",since hunted appear,you can silently kill again,and you are good to go.4 difficulties,whhich is good,each one is step harder because you have less downs,less armor,more realistic sscenario,smarter Ai's,and good fight what is most important to some of us.(10/10)5)Weapns:In standard edition,you havbe massively big inverotry,a lot of weapons,attachments,camos and stuffs.If you want some specific part for weapon you need to look at the map ""M button"",an than search for blue pistol with screw on it,and on that part of map you can get 2 things:small crate with attachemnt OR big one with weapon in it.You can customise weaponms at any time,by simpl pressing of ""M""-invertory-loadout-chose weapon and change.Ammo is not a big deal,because since you are killing ,you can pick ammo,or find 3 bullets icon on map,and resuply you resources.If we have like 30-40 weapons,and like 100 different)not common)) attachemnts in standard game,what do you expect in seaon pass? ^^ (10/10)6)Pre-conclusion:Is game interesting?Deffinitely yes.Is game well optimised?So-so,Is game funny to play at least 200 hrs?Deffinitelly yeahhh ^^.Is game non-stop grinding like The Division?Not even close;You have offline and online way of playing the same missions.Is game worth 60€?Not even close;Maybe Digital Deluxe for 60€.Standard one should be 40€.KEYS:Standar 25€,Digital 45€(2/10)Conclusion:Game is very good from gameplay aspect.From techical,it could be better,but we will see in upcoming updates.You can spend a lot of time solo or with friends.But if you still dont wanna pay a lot of money,you can simply wait for Easter sale or buying key cheeper for approx 30€1)+2)+3)+4)+5)+6)=6.33/10.In case you care about average grade xD"
,Recommended,460930,30664163,Posted: 21 March,all,Mambo Floof [CRPG],"Imagine the division, now Imagine GTA.  Throw in a little Rainbow 6 and CS:GO and you've essentially got this game.  Really like a Just Cause 2 on Steroids (minus the graple)Countless guns, insane customization ability, many skins (though non tradeable if that matters), and a fun story.Combined with the ability to team up with up to 3 others, this game is pretty great.  Now Don't get me wrong, the driving mechanics are not the prettiest, but this isn't GTA.  The game has better graphics than the division (and if you have the game at 1440p Ultra, you better be prepared - 2 1080 FTWs in SLI is averaging me around 70 FPS, though Better performance could probably be easily obtained).  Guns are extreamly detailed, and take cosmetic damage as you use them which you have the option to keep or remove.  Characters are able to be made essentially how ever you want them, and countless stitchable emblems are avialable for use.Pros:Countless GunsAmazing Customization (Use & Cosmetic)Driving + Flying + BoatingGood StoryFunctioning (and easy to use) multiplayerFast Load TimeGreat GraphicsCons:Graphically Demanding (though easily avoidable)Driving isn't the smoothest processCars take damage fast (cosmetic)Over all, as I've come to expect with Tom Clancy games, the graphics are great, and the game play is pretty good as well.  A good story (much more elaborate than The Division's in terms of content quantity).All the game is missing (unless its there and I can't see it) is PvP"
,Recommended,460930,30369982,Posted: 7 March,all,Tsukasa Hiiragi,"Please consider this game right now to be [Early Access]Sandbox FPS with some tactical elements, throw in some GTA elements, ability to make a custom character + customize your loadouts - then add in some BF elements and just cause style chaos and you have Wildlands. There are some issues though such as air combat with Helicopters is bad, and the driving physics is sometimes wonky and occasionally you might run into some really funny glitches, but overall - it doesn't really make the game any less fun to play.The graphics are amazing, bolivia looks stunning. If your looking for a FPS game thats fun to play and you have time to burn, since it'll take along time to collect all the items and finish all the content then check out wildlands.Stealth vs Loud; The former is one of the problems with the game as quite a few missions require perfect stealth to complete otherwise its instant fail and you have to restart; many of these are nearly impossible in public co-op for the obvious reasons, whilst failing or dying has little consquence it can become annoying having to keep backtracking in order to complete the missions and as for death, put it simply you'll die - a lot most of the time you'll suffer WTF deaths or unfair deaths due to narcos or unidad spawning from thin air.The AI is horrible, your team mates are literally just tag alongs most of the time- in fact, if you had the option to go alone it probably would be better since they are that dumb. Enemy AI is broken as well, some enemies function with zero brain functions and will just allow you to kill them easily, others will know exactly where you are at all times - they'll shoot through walls, fire mortars - enemy helicopters will circle you constantly until you can kill them, and by the way? Totally forget about surviving against unidad apache gunships.ProsAwesome Graphics and SceneryPlenty of collectablesGood co-op experienceFun to playCharacter and Weapon CustomizationConsBugs and glitches everywhereBad A.IBad co-op experiencesBad Driving mechanicsPotentially P2WMicro-transactions"
,Not Recommended,460930,33252729,Posted: 4 July,all,LegenDari,Not worth it. Gets boring pretty quick. And its the bad type of repetetive
76561198043516885,Recommended,460930,30489081,Posted: 13 March,all,*Borichiny*,"14 Hours in and quarter done. So far i really enjoy it in solo. Coop with randoms is mostly not good, with friends on the other hand and a high difficulty its tons of fun."
,Recommended,460930,33857233,Posted: 28 July,all,✪ T.,"So, when we overlook bad optimization, driving mechanics the game isn't bad at all. It's quite repetitive, basicly clear out the area, take a photo of some documents, hack some PC or interrogate some guy and leave, easy right?, well, not every time. On the other hand  shooting mechanics are great, and overall shooting is great in this game, guns are great. Taking out every single part of the cartel was fun. It's up to you which part you want to take down first, BUT I didn't play rebel mission, cuz they're just waste of time and boring as hell, but you need them for skills that kinda sucks. Map is big but It's not great for open world, there are some places where you can get bugged/stucked. Don't even try to off-road in this game.Co-op is better (no♥♥♥♥♥♥, so if you can, PLAY IT WITH FRIENDS (I don't have any friends, so I played it solo, but still enjoyed it)Do I recommend this game?...... If you can spend 60€ on game, and you don't mind some bugs, Yes.7.5/10"
76561198381207695,Not Recommended,460930,31415367,Posted: 28 April,all,johnno23,"For foreigners living in China forget this game.I do not recommend this to those using steam in China unless you can read Russian.Audio is English but the game is unplayable............everything is in Russian.All menus all subtitles and all on screen info notifications.Is this a joke???Steam mentions that only Russian Simplified Chinese and English audio is avalaible....thats fine but they do not tell you that all of the menus and navigation is in Russian.Really dissapointed and wasted 2 hours trying to figure out how to get menus in English.....so far no long and no luck searching steam, searching uplay which now insatlled but was not wanted but have to have it or the game will not launch.Also searched google youtube and no luck finding out how to fix this broken rubbish."
76561198037275885,Recommended,460930,32892062,Posted: 27 June,all,Kilsin,"Great game, lot's of fun with great graphics, a decent story and tactical elements event hough it is a bit of a grind/fetch quest, I got it on sale and couldn't be happier!If you're into games like this grab it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,460930,30430506,Posted: 10 March,all,Editor,"kill all enemies with silence and team work...checkload hostage into rescue copter....checkforget about gaurd at main gate...checkplayer 4 sets c4 onto tractor, floors it, bails out the side and tractor slowly comes to a halt near the gate...checkgaurd investigates a fine piece of bolivian enginearing...checkdetonate c4....checkhostage gets out of helicopter to panic about the tractorfire...what?player 2 lowers helicopter in an attept to coax hostage back into helohostage runs into helo, clips into the blades and dies....resart mission.when everything goes right and you still lose but laugh anyway.gameplay:  9/10ai: (noraml) LSD overdose survivorsai: (above normal) cloud 9 team on adderal."
76561198014299795,Recommended,460930,32190920,Posted: 4 June,all, Sc4r3crow ,"Awesome game. Stunning graphics and solid gameplay. It isn't a milsim, but it's close to it, and taking down the cartel on a stealthy approach is a lot of fun.The game of course has its problems, it gets repetitive, there isn't much variety in missions and it must be a chore if you just rambo through it. But like I said, the option to do things in a stealthy way makes every area a different puzzle. The replayability also depends on whether you like stealth or not, if your answer is yes, after you finish the main story, there are still a lot to collect in bases, outposts and towns filled with enemies. I don't see it being a good game if all you want is an action game, it will get old soon, because then you'll be doing the same thing over and over again."
,Recommended,460930,30459203,Posted: 11 March,all,Zoltie,"I haven't been this into a game in a long time. The environment is beutiful.This game is fun whether you have a group of friends to play with nor not. You can play with random people and they are usually good about cooperating and working together.I haven't experience any major issues or crashes, only a few minor bugs and glitches that are only inconvenient."
,Recommended,460930,30549305,Posted: 16 March,all,[FF'A] Abraham ツ,"Definitely a big yes from me. In general the game looks amazing, feels amazing, is amazing and has tons of content in it. The mainstory alone has hours and hours of missions to do, the difficulties are perfectly set up in my personal opinion with the enemies offering a challenge even with the regular difficulty (Played regular on Open Beta and Advanced after launch)Pro's and con's from mePro's :+ Long mainstory+ Cutscenes are extreamly well made, which definitely makes them interesting and worth watching+ Graphics+ Amazing background for the story+ Missions offer a lot of variety and there is a lot of different ways to do them+ Co-op campaign+ Realistic bulletdrop+ Skill tree has some extreamly useful skillsCons :- Driving glitching out like hell occasionally- Crashing into a rock causes your characther to fly hundereds of meters in air- Flying on helicopters- Glitches with missions while playing co-op (Happens rarely, either one or more of the guys in the same game are able to only join the mission as assistance > completing the mission wont complete it for them)- A number of stuck spots, mainly by cliff's and containors that are placed too close to a wall etc.Overall the game is definitely worth the money, been playing co-op for 34hours (Only doing missions while in co-op with a friend) and we have 95 main missions completed which takes us to total of 89% of the main storyline done.Personally my favorite thing in the game is definitely hitting them longshots, there is nothing better than hitting a clean shot to a moving target thats 600-700meters away from you (Now I know the drawdistance for enemies etc is 650meters but you can override this by having a friend thats closer to the enemies.)"
76561198067795214,Recommended,460930,32927321,Posted: 28 June,all,LHW,"Talk to my team i will fly the copter. 300m before the enemy base I shout ""Hisatsu !"" 3 second later ""BANZAI ATTACK !!"". The copter fly in through the enemy base, and BOOM. The kamikaze was successfull, I die, my team die. And we laugh together ! LoL10/10 will ""Hisatsu !"" again"
,Recommended,460930,30495461,Posted: 13 March,all,SG,"this is a fun game worth buying even at $50. Ubisoft didn't do too shabby. seems to incorporate a lot of ~tactical operator culture~, name dropping brands like 5.11 Tactical and Crye Precision (and don't forget the tactical beards).pros: tacticool guns, really scratches that comfy co-op itch, offers a nice experience for both casual and more serious playerscons: extremely vulgar commentary from in game characters, doesn't have any truly interesting game mechanics (but it's a co-op game so whatever), features silly Tom Clancy ghostwriter writing (""narcostate"" lmao)not a good game, but not a bad game at all. its a fun game. it's like MGSV with much less artistic flair, and with co-op. I don't regret the purchase"
76561198131289864,Recommended,460930,30445930,Posted: 11 March,all,L1CL,"Its a nice game, would recommend it. Still some bugs but thats normal with a new game.To ubisoft: please fix the windows, they dont break when with a melee hit, and sometimes you can just shoot through it."
,Recommended,460930,30383384,Posted: 7 March,all,Mellow d(-.-)b | ChallengeMe.GG,"You did OK, Ubisoft, no performance issues!Great game alot of fun :D"
,Recommended,460930,30388467,Posted: 8 March,all,KRAKEN_43V3R,great gamei am not having any performance issues like in any other ubisoft games1 thing is that the game freezes for like 5 seconds every hour or soprosthe game looks greatthe game runs greatstory also seems greatconsmicrotransactionseason passseason pass are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in ubisoft games
,Recommended,460930,31387531,Posted: 26 April,all,Cliff Note,"I cannot sing Wildlands praises enough. It is a truly fantastic game if you go in with the right mindset. Personally, my favorite way to play is max difficulty with no HUD. It brings fantastic challenge to it, making you pay attention and think.Another high point, is the incredible variety in the world. I know that alot of the same missions are copy+paste, but because of the change in environments, it never feels stale.Lastly, the wild variety in options to approach an objective are fantastic. You can go in guns blazing, call in distractions with a rebel assault, parachute in, or stealth all the way to your goal. Truly, your imagination is your limit."
76561198209243760,Recommended,460930,30402196,Posted: 8 March,all,[627]Agent Venom,"Way Way better than the Division, Gunplay is good, Stealth is good, cuztomization is way better than division, and awesome with friends"
,Recommended,460930,31085434,Posted: 11 April,all,R4ZiE,"Beautiful beautiful game, amazing graphics and lots of story it it. Love the classic four special ops feel to it so I have companion :) it's an amazing game and you should definitely get this game"
,Recommended,460930,32874233,Posted: 27 June,all,BROGOD,"I don't review games, mainly because if I buy them, I tend to know what they're about so even if I don't fully enjoy the game. I am content with it.This game on the other hand gets so many mixed reviews, when it's a bomb♥♥♥♥♥game. Real fun to play, enjoyable and the scenery is beautiful. Sure things do get repetitive but following the storyline, having fun with friends in co-op and just driving around the game are quality aspects of it.Don't wanna go on a rant, but the game is a must buy for explorers, shooters and long time Ghost Recon fans."
,Not Recommended,460930,32783134,Posted: 25 June,all,Maggs,"The game is meh, you play for like an hour and its great, anything more than that and it just gets repetitive and boring.Apart from its decent."
76561198010363782,Recommended,460930,30392745,Posted: 8 March,all,Skribb,Sick Bald Eagle tatto Föckstick!
,Recommended,460930,30398971,Posted: 8 March,all,☩Maxxo☩,"Stop complaning people! for the price!  (yes its a bit high atm.. but worth)You get Tons of fun if you want it..me and my friends played this constantly for 2 days now and had nothing but FUN! (1 crash, could be pc related and not game)no bugs (guess we are lucky)The scenery and the feeling of this game gives me and my friends endless hours of fun.. sure when we get trough the campain we will never play it again.. but if a game can get us all locked at our pc's with fun for 3-7 days.. TOTALLY WORTH!..Sure its alot of things that could be better.. but hey! i got my money worth!Enjoy!"
,Recommended,460930,31122446,Posted: 13 April,all,Snip Snip Doggo,"Despite what people may call the game, my friend and I love every bit. We spend usually a night or two each week to play together. Each sitting ends up being close to 6 or 8 hours long, depending on time and homework. It really is gripping to someone into tactical, oprer8or, chaotic fun.The customization on guns COULD be more (i wish there were more stocks for assault rifles, and more grenade types), but the amount present does ring well for a Ghost Recon game. Stocks, Trigger burst/semi/auto settings, Sights/Irons, Magazines, Underbarrel, Side rail, Barrel, and Muzzles are all changable. You often find that there are so many weapons and loadouts you end up creating, that you wish there was a quicker way to swap to them.Game play is stunning, and while a bit grindy... makes a HUGE difference in combat. The learning curve is short, and you soon develop your own personal tactic types.The game takes these tactics and calculates your play style based on Stealth/Aggressive, Tactical/Impulsive, and CQB/Medium/Long range. You can use these settings to find others just like you in playing online. So if you dont have a friend, the game will find somone with play time and style like you.Not to mention I've probably spent two hours combined making my operator look like a russian, redneck, PJ, Sniper, etc. etc.The customization in this game should be more, but only because I am greedy. Other games should look after this game for personalization of play.Map is huge for exploration, and is stunning. I love this game. Even though im forced to play on Medium settings, I still take screenshots to admire the sunsets."
76561198015307078,Recommended,460930,30399079,Posted: 8 March,all,|Hypnotiq|,Called in Vehicle from Rebels.Vehicle was dropped directly on top of me.Killed In Action.11/10 would recommend
,Not Recommended,460930,34406945,Posted: 21 August,all,storm-,"Beautiful lanscapes with cool mechanics, but other than that, its sh*t.I don't think I have been more frustrated with dealing with the AI in any other game but this one. If you play solo, as I did, you'll quickly see that your AI companions are too much of a chore to deal with. When you're in a tough spot, they'll just pretty much wait until you die to clean up the surrounding enemies and then revive you, only for the process to repeat again until you fail the mission. Yes, your AI get the ability to sync shoot with you (they can literally shoot through walls lol) but thats all you'll find useful in them.One of my gripes with this game is that there was no quick save system. You f*ck up a mission because the Unidad decided to send a patrol helo over? Gotta restart the entire mission (and spawn 500+ meters away)! Also the Unidad, who are the government's army in this game are freaking ret*rded. You'll be in the middle of a mission, and a patrol helo will come over and start spotting you, once you get spotted they'll shoot at you and send waves if infantry until you are dead or have fled the scene which will completely ruin any mission you are on.Ubisoft always seems to have something wrong with their games, they can never just nail it. I did appreciate the length of the campaign and variety of mission types, as well as the scenery provided in each of the provinces, but the stress of having to deal with crap AI and no quick saves almost made me quit before I finished. Maybe its better in co-op, but I'm not going to try to find that out.Play with friends, try to enjoy the gameplay, manage the crap ai.6/10*I played solo on regular and used the Tier mode after I reached level 30 which makes the game progressively harder*"
,Recommended,460930,30389752,Posted: 8 March,all,Mr. Jew,Rainbow six inside of GTA 5
,Recommended,460930,30476155,Posted: 12 March,all,D R U,"I just sunk 50 hours of my life into this game, I still haven't completed it - I still feel like I could play this another 1000 hours and not get bored.Pros:Graphics are magnificent, by far the best I've seen.Customization options are vast.Co-op & playing with AI give the game two different feels, both satisfying.Gameplay and personal play style come together in an amazing way,PvP is supposably happening - 4v4.Replayability is absolutely endless.Cons:Controlling your character can feel clunky at times, both in 3rd person & vehicles - especially helo's.Skill tree feels a bit lackluster.Wearing stealthy camoflauge has no impact in game.Fast travel needs some fixes.Some missions are bugged & won't allow you to complete them.Overall, this is the first game in quite some time that gives me an overall satisfaction, one that I cherrish. For me, it mixes a lot of games that I've absolutely loved together into one - I mean don't get me wrong - there's a LOT more I wish I could see this game have, but I'm not holding my breath because Ubisoft hasn't been kind to folks modding their games.I just wanna throw it out there, it would be absolutely amazing if this game got modded for a Jurrassic Park type game. I would love to fight Unidad and a T-Rex. I'm just saying. Either way, this is a great game and I highly recommend it."
76561198203262573,Not Recommended,460930,34397026,Posted: 21 August,all,Stehern,"With 22 hours on the game i dont recommend this to anybody, the game gets very quickly repetitive and boring very quickly. There is alot to do in (alot of missions) the game but as i said it`s basically all the same with a small difference from mission to mission. For costing this mutch i dont recommend it but if it would cost less i would say maybe.The graphics of the game are amaizing and if you have a good computer and dont mind using this mutch monney on a game that is a little bit repetitive then you should buy the game just to look at the amaizing graphics. Overall the game is decent but i dont recommend this game."
,Recommended,460930,30672000,Posted: 22 March,all,David Heckmann,"Game is amazing! There is not enough space to write down all positive things.But there are 3 annoying things:1. FPS drops,2. In some situations Sicario's spawns behind back,3. Civilian AI is just stupid.Ubisoft, where are radio towers? :DMy Game Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,32021111,Posted: 28 May,all,V1kingo,"I have had many hours of entertainment with Ghost Recon Wildlands and initially I loved the game, especially the impressive game world.However, as I played through the game for the 2nd time, all the shortcomings such as poor driving / flying mechanics made me lose interest in the game.The DLC “Narco Road” is the worst crap ever released and I hated it.The DLC “Falen Ghose” is very good – actually better than the main game.The PVP is still not released -  I do hope it will be fun.Only 3 months after release the game is all but dead, and the community have left the game for the most part.** With the title update 7 most of the problems have finally been fixed."
,Recommended,460930,30373237,Posted: 7 March,all,Teckademics,"Worried because it was a ubisoft game, and the beta was filled with bugs. But I guess 4 weeks was enough time to get their act together and fix pretty much all the issues I had. This game is awesome and if you have ever enjoyed Socom, Just Cause or Ghost Recon, I highly reccomend this game. It's got some minor issues still but overall this game is a blast, even when playing with a couple randoms. Not to mention it has the most awe inspiring crafted enviroments since the Withcher 3.I'm getting 40-50fps with GTX 1080 and i7-6700k @ 5760x1080 as expected.8/8"
,Recommended,460930,30447970,Posted: 11 March,all,Coach-Aprax,"""Nidia Flores, mamacita de mi vida.""9.5/10"
,Recommended,460930,30381881,Posted: 7 March,all,☭ - Rassy,"This is a very nice game. The opimization is great and the graphics are amazing. I love the first person aiming, but I really think making you able to change from first to third while running or driving, or just in general add first person could be a nice feature.If they would continue to update the game, with new weapons, attachments, and clothes, I would definitley spend more on the season pass. But I ain't buying a season pass of the pricetag on 40 euro when they only have 2 expansions and new cars..."
76561198085130178,Recommended,460930,30411321,Posted: 9 March,all,Redgrave,Hola ! amigos !! having a good time playing this game !!
76561198060818818,Recommended,460930,30382387,Posted: 7 March,all,Humpdurious,"UpdatesI'll just mention a few things that bug me, I still recommend the game-The sounds the motorcycles make when the shocks get used at all sound absolutely ridiculous-The ai teammates are pretty dumb-The physics are a bit odd in certain situations-The civilians really don't care about cartel murdering everyone-I've been ran over twice while scoping out bases from the road (civilians don't always stop)-The radio is pretty dullNone of this is game breaking, its still really good, these are just a few issues that bug me while I play.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I just wanted to post a review for the people who were on the fence about buying this after playing the beta, it is worth it in my opinion.I played the beta, and honestly didn't think I was going to buy it. It looked like a game I've played a hundred times before, but I read a couple of other reviews after the beta and decided to take the risk and I honestly think it will be worth it. 7 hours in and I haven't gotten 100% completion of the first area.A complaint I saw about the story (I believe from IGN) said that is was lacking, boring, and skippable... I disagree. This story isn't bad, its not game of thrones quality, but it is pretty good.My complaints are the helicopter controls are goofy, I don't think it is finished when it comes to optimization, and there are a few bugs... but its a new game, it can be patched.Aside from that, the game is everything you would expect it to be. If you like ghost recon and open world stuff, you'll enjoy this. GTA is a very similar feel, and I feel like GTA is a better game if you do not already have that.Bottom line, if you were somewhat interested in the game, go ahead and pick it up."
76561198006714236,Recommended,460930,31085174,Posted: 11 April,all,ozkat (VegasOZ),"Having now reached 14 hours of play time I think it's time to post a review. I have found so far that all the negative comments and points about this game are TRUE. In addition I have found that all the positive comments and  points about this game are also TRUE.The bottom line for me, however, is that the game is FUN TO PLAY and awesome to look at/watch. The action and ""eye candy"" overcome the negative aspects. The game is repetitious but in the same way that the actions of a real DEA are. You are after several Cartel bigshots and those actions tend to go along a well trodden track. So I think the repeat complaint is somewhat moot.I recommend this game to anyone that wants good action and is willing to put up with some warts, the worst of which is the driving mechanics."
,Recommended,460930,35289853,Posted: 29 September,all,Nicolas,"I bought this game after testing their PvP beta, which was VERY promising.The singleplayer mode of this game is okay. Very nice graphics. Interesting missions. But it's not something that will keep me playing longer than 20-30 hours.However, the PvP mode is really good. The beta mode (which basically still had half of the game content locked) was  already so enjoyable that I could easily put 26 hours without being bored.Ghost War (the PvP mode) is a tactical game that is a bit more slow paced than other games, but heavily relies on strategy and tactics rather than solely on shooting skills. There are 16 classes that you can choose from. And each class comes with its own advantages and perks.I am really a fan of the new suppression mechanic that they added which certainly makes the game more challenging. On top of that, drones can also make sure that you just can't run around shooting everybody with your gun in this game, as drones make your movements easily detectable if you're making reckless moves. These mechanics make you think twice before going in a specific direction.The revival mechanic is also a good feature, which makes the game interesting in the sense that, once someone is killed you face two options: either rush to their aid and risk being shot by the enemy (since they usually keep an eye on the surroundings of someone they just killed), or play it safe and try to pull it off despite the enemy's team number advantage. Downed teammates is sort of a trap right now, which certainly makes it fun and brings a dilemma to the equation."
,Recommended,460930,33259381,Posted: 4 July,all,chetoflep,Absolute fun and great progression. Can be played stealthy or loud. The clothing item customization really make your operator feel like yours. The weapon customizations are great as well. You can really outffit your character to your play style.
76561197976140920,Recommended,460930,31257277,Posted: 20 April,all,ddognickel,this game is lot fun
76561197970701926,Recommended,460930,31248278,Posted: 19 April,all,WickedOne71,Great game if you don't expect it to be milsim.
76561198150793511,Not Recommended,460930,31918531,Posted: 23 May,all,[RIP] Mr.Nixon,"I bought the game expecting good old school Ghost Recon action. What you get is rather an arcade shooter where the AI has aimbot on higher difficulties, rather than trying to find your position they instantly know your location even when using silenced weapons. I really wanted to like this game. Fans of tactical shooters should steer clear of this."
76561198043902554,Recommended,460930,30452679,Posted: 11 March,all,Vulcan,"Without playing the beta, and giving into the ""hype"". I came into GRW (Ghost Recon Wildlands) expecting the absolute worst. Ubisoft has always rubbed me the wrong way, and I talked a ton of trash about GRW prior to release, so the only reason I was buying GRW was for the weapon and gear customization, and co-op. When I first hopped in I spent a good 20-30 minutes creating and saving 6 different Ghost kits to my liking. I had heard that the game was extremely easy so I instantly put the game on Extreme difficulty, and haven't changed it since. I then hopped in with a few friends and started playing. I am absolutly blown away, this game has far exeeded my expectations. There's ton of content in this game, and everything you do, from finding skill points, to finding weapons, and attachments are all challenging, and unique in their own way. With over 35 hours played in the first week, I have only beaten 6 of the 25ish bosses. This is truly a great game, but with every great game comes problems. The first problem I encountered was performance issues, on very high I was running at 40ish FPS, and that's extremly unusual for me. So I've bumped it down to Medium for the time being, to insure I'm getting over 60 FPS. The second issue that I had, was that upon re-launching the game, the game would not start. My friend and I both had this issue, and took some time to resolve it. The third issue, is the driving/flying mechanics. They are absolutly awful. The driving is stupid sensitive, and the flying with M+KB feels wonky and awkward, and don't even get me starting on driving the dirt bikes... Over all I am really enjoing this game, I am very picky when it comes to video games, and have never found a game that deserves a perfect 10/10, and that still stays true. I would give this game a 7/10 singleplayer and a 8/10 with friends. GRW could be so much more if Ubisoft would add mod support, but we all know that will never happen. I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys open world games, and people who enjoy a challenge in video games. But in order for this to be a true Ghost Recon game, there needs to be a difficulty higher than Extreme. Maybe we will see that in the future."
,Recommended,460930,30372715,Posted: 7 March,all,Corvus,"far cry and the division had a baby = ghost recon wildlands, with a illegitimate sister named the fckin handling of vehicles"
,Recommended,460930,30373381,Posted: 7 March,all,3k17 | csgogem.com,"nice one ubisoft ,they didn't downgrade so much."
76561198105652542,Not Recommended,460930,32860789,Posted: 27 June,all,Greyman,"I don't know why people are saying 1080's can't run this on maximum, I got a 1060 and run this like a god. Other than that, the game is repetitive, has limited options for missions that end up being the same thing over and over again just sort of reskinned. Its fun to blow things up with friends and whatnot, but after the first week of play, it gets dull. Not worth 60$. If they would've put more interesting things in, sure, but right now its almost like the game is in beta again."
,Recommended,460930,30382553,Posted: 7 March,all,Piratebop,"Great game with good optimization. You need a higher end GPU (Like an RX 480 or above),  but you can make by with an older or worse CPU (like mine, which is a 9 year old Phenom II x4 945). I run at custom (4300 mb of vram, most ultra stuff with some things turned off- I played around with it). I recommended this if your looking for a fun new tactical shooter."
,Recommended,460930,30385337,Posted: 7 March,all,🅺🅸🆂🆂_OF_DEATH_SR,"Playing this game since from OPEN BETA..- No Doubt that, This game is too Good.- Amazing Graphics & Details.- Gameplay transition between Singleplayer/coop is seemless and well made.- Good Character customization, not the best (like GTA :p)  but good enough for this type of game.- Map is huge and very fun to discover.- Playing with friends is very fun.- Arcade-is combat system which I very like, not too realistic not too unrealistic: just perfect..Just One thing to Say that, i m a  #GTX_970 user and when i was played OPEN BETA, Optimization was Good like average 60 FPS on 1080p in High Settings. But Now in Full released Game i m getting average 40-45FPS in High Settings. It seems optimization get Downgraded. Hope Ubisoft will fix this soon..-Otherwise this game is enough for recommend to anyone!"
,Recommended,460930,30370221,Posted: 7 March,all,#CoK Rolf McNugget,"In short, is the game good?Yes, but VERY repetitiveIs it worth my time and money?It's worth your time with your friends. Playing alone will get boring quickly.Money?, No atleast not for full price, wait for a sale at a good price.Linear,open-world or something else?A big open world, with alot of supplies and weapons to collect.Gameplay mechanics, gimmicks?The gameplay mechanics are good but i wouldnt say it's realistic. In my opinion the bullet drop is wierd. And you can't shot through some plants and tree leaves. But there are many ways you can attack bases you can go stealth, loud, helicopter attack etc, with is alot of fun with friends. you unlock weapons and new outfits through out the game.Graphical aesthetics, set pieces and world design?The graphics are not bad for being a ubisoft games. so there isn't so much to sayStory?In 2019 the Santa Blanca drug cartel has bombed the US embassy in La Paz attempting to kill DEA special agent Ricardo Sandoval ""Ricky"" who has been under cover for 6 years but instead injure 2 US Marines and later on kidnap him and torture him to death. The action upgrades their status to a terrorist organization and puts them near the top of a threat list. The cartel is led by the vicious killer El Sueño, along with The Beauty Queen, El Yayo, El Muro and El Cardenal. And your job is to stop them and kill everyone.In my opinion the story was pretty boring and the same stuff over and over again. But it got less boring with friends. (but still boring)How does the game run?very high 60+fps. Keep in mind the fps can drop when autosave begins. my drops from 60-47 fps.Specs:i5-650016 gb ramGTX 1070Any details, character, motif, etc. you particulary liked?Yeah in the recent updates they improved vehicle handling and helicopter handling and many small details with is if you friend tag supplies you will also get it and you share the exact same xp if you or your friend kills one.But what the game get's more replay value of is tier one mode. With let's you to progress in tiers and rank up your weapon damage to level 30 with any weapon. And the enemies will be on higher alert, spot you easy and have more bullet resistance the more you progress in tiers with actually make the game challenging there are a total of 50 tiers with require tier points to level up. You can earn tier points for killing enemies, supply missions and story missions. It basically changes xp to tier points. My friend and i have been playing this game again cuz of this.Anything you didn't like?i say it again it is very repetitive, the AI is the worst AI i have ever seen.Final score?i recommend to play with your friends rather than alone.6.2/10"
,Recommended,460930,31529662,Posted: 3 May,all,xXeRoXx,"Well, after playing a while with friends i`m not really sure if to recommend this or not,the graphics are amazing, the map is huge and the shooting style is awesome, but there is one thing that ruin this game,driving cars and helicopters are disasters!The missions feels the same, but it`s not that bad since they are fun to play.Doesn`t worth full price, i`ll recommend getting it with discount.6.5/10"
76561198014861155,Recommended,460930,30797873,Posted: 28 March,all,BullDawg308,"COOPERATIVE GAMPLAY REVIEWMy friends and I have been waiting for a great co-op game for a while.  We've played Borderlands, 7 Days to Die, Sniper Elite 3, and many others and enjoyed them.  This game has us screaming at each other, laughing, and planning/coordinating as much or more than the others.  We play on extreme difficulty when we have 3 or more and it's a blast.  It's truly a great game with friends and still pretty entertaining without.  The missions have plenty of variety and keep us scheming on the best ways to tackle them.  The open world environment provides plenty of random events to keep us on our toes.  Civvies are always getting in front of bullets and bumpers, helicopters constantly create problems, and random Unidad or SBC vehicle passing by can totally cause your plans to change, which in my opinion, even when it's a pain, is more like real life.  If you can channel your inner McGuyver, you will love this game.  We always stay up too late because we can't stop playing it.My only complaint is not having the ability to mute your AI teammates, even weirdly when playing with friends.  It gets in the way of our communication and I don't like continual profanity."
76561198228026004,Not Recommended,460930,34577146,Posted: 29 August,all,RipThorn,"Bought it when it was cheap. Don't buy full price, buy it in sale."
,Recommended,460930,30372571,Posted: 7 March,all,Where's the Lamb Sauce!,"Runs great, Looks great..!Not had a single problem since I started it.. Just need to find somone to play it with :)7/10SPECS:Intel i7 6700kGTX 1070 Asus Strix16GB RAMWindows 10 64bit"
,Recommended,460930,35291926,Posted: 29 September,all,TheDogtor,When I first heard of Wildlands I knew it would be for me.I just finished MGSV and knew that Wildlands would give me the same satisfaction if not more.Wildlands was everything I expected.I could only crave for more hours of gameplay and an never ending engine that could supply me with endless missions to accomplish.Thanks.
,Not Recommended,460930,31428766,Posted: 28 April,all,nachi,"I wish you could refund games that were good at launch, then the devs decided to completely destroy post-launch."
76561198120439993,Recommended,460930,30926745,Posted: 3 April,all,yukkosama,Good Games!!! is all i can say buy it
,Recommended,460930,30633813,Posted: 20 March,all,Joe Clueless,"+Massive open world with more areas and missions than most people will ever care to fully explore+Huge arsenal of weapons and attachments+Very nice environment graphics+4 Player Co-op-Bullet drop is rediculous, feels like you're shooting a paintball gun-Vehicles are bad, bad, bad-Game was designed with too much assist stuff in mind-markers and enemy blips on the minimap ruin the game completely but can't be disabled seperately"
,Recommended,460930,30749746,Posted: 26 March,all,Drop,"8,5/10First positive and negative Aspects about the GamePositivetremendous graphicshuge mapmany things to discoveropportunity to go stealth or with heavy firewell designd for coop modeinteresting storya lot of missionmany possibility's to customize your weapon / characterbackground information about BoliviaNegativetypical for Ubisoft, Bugsperformence Problemssome unchanging typ's of missiondriving physicsTo sum upI recommend it to play coop with your friends, you will have a lot of funny moments. The Bugs are destroying the game and annoy really hard, but with every patch  you will see some improvment. Besides that  the game brings a lot of oppertunities with the huge weapon customisation at the same time you can decide what style of fights you want like action or stealth.If you searching a coop and solo game which has a lot of story and  mission Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands is the Game that you should buy."
,Recommended,460930,31761902,Posted: 14 May,all,EXiTiUM,Ubi$oft™ open world game now has full coop! It is fun and it is repetitive.
,Recommended,460930,30376411,Posted: 7 March,all,Libra,"Aside from the weird car and heli mechanic it's a really great game, the car mechanic isn't that bad if you have a controller. Also the heli mechanic isn't that bad either once you know how it works and it's coming from a guy with nearly 1000 hours on Arma 3. Though there are so bugs happening to me right now such as freezing 3-5 sec while driving/flying (freezes passengers too) and the low fps i get when there are a lot of Ai around. I get 60-85 fps on low settings, open beta didn't lag me at all, was always on 65 fps on high settings. Hope there will be fixes coming soon, overall amazing gameplay and there's still so much to do and progress.Specsi5 3570k 4.0ghzGtx 1060 3gb oc'd 2000 gpu clockRam 8gb"
,Recommended,460930,30889702,Posted: 1 April,all,Nasty D,"Pros-Fantastic looking game-Good gun mechanics-Decent story-Good AICons-Disgusting driving mechanics-Repetitive gameplayReally fun with biddies, not so much single player, good content worth the $80 CAD."
76561198010403528,Recommended,460930,30530613,Posted: 15 March,all,Sgt. Zim,Fun but Frustrating.7/10for sure play with friends and a good PC
,Recommended,460930,30683072,Posted: 23 March,all,Phantom,"On the one hand, it's one of the most artistically detailed open-world games I've ever played, translating the scale and beauty of the entirety of Bolivia into a digital facsimile. On the other, nothing... its a good game."
76561198126541299,Recommended,460930,30884709,Posted: 1 April,all,WeaponizedAutism,"Im not a big fan of ubisoft but this game is suprisingly good. The map is HUGE and in my 13 hours of gameplay ive only just scratched the surface of the vast amount of content in this game. The game has like 35 camos and they seem to have gotten licensing to name all the guns and camos their correct names. The gameplay is fun and there are plenty of ways to approach each situation. The game also has somewhere around 50 guns, granted you have to either buy them with real money or bust your balls to search for them. In simple terms; this game is pretty much a perfect mix of the combat and controlability of GTA V. It also seems to be somewhat similar to Farcry 3 in map design and side missions aswell as stealth mechanics.a solid 9/10 for me"
,Recommended,460930,30370379,Posted: 7 March,all,Bamanboi,it's good
,Recommended,460930,31397608,Posted: 27 April,all,Captain SwellHell,If ya be playin it wit yer lads.... it be a great game! If ya don't belong to a crew... it be pretty damn borin! The Captain has spoken!
76561198064457488,Not Recommended,460930,33604278,Posted: 17 July,all,SplitOmni,"Its one of those games which are sort of well done and at the same time really terrible done (mechanics wise). Giving it a thumbs down just so UBI maybe can get their act togheter, but It is fairly ok game."
76561198049432096,Recommended,460930,30763930,Posted: 26 March,all,dmdar,"This game is spectacular! It has a soul, one of the best games I've played in awhile."
76561198083942501,Not Recommended,460930,30628747,Posted: 19 March,all,Atom,"It's fun for the first few hours. Then it gets repetitive, slow, and boring. It doesn't give you enough freedom and you die way too fast, which may be enjoyable for some, but not for all. Also, no body hiding system? The hell kinda stealth game is this?"
,Not Recommended,460930,31408198,Posted: 27 April,all,UrbanNoodles✅,"If you buy this game wanting a stealth shooter, don't.AI know where you are no matter how stealthy you are.You can't move dead bodies so the second one is spotted, you will be bombarded with accurate as hell mortor strikes.Just go in loud and proud so you don't get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off by how bad stealth is in this game.AI squadmates are only there to revive you and spout one liners.Do not rely on them for anything else.Thumbs down because I bought this to scratch my stealth shooter itch, and all it did was tease me with potential and let me down before I could climax."
76561198071766565,Not Recommended,460930,30645684,Posted: 20 March,all,Tango,"This is written by someone who wants to play the game realistically and stealthily on the highest difficulty.Pros:lots of gunslots of attachmentshuge (pretty detailed) mapgood customization all arounddecent graphicsgood mission diversitymilitary jokesDepends:The driving (IMO) is not all that bad, but the helicopter flying is terrible.Cons (here we go):loading times are >5 minutes even with an ssdsometimes skill points or intel is hidden somewhere and you spend 5+ minutes looking for itthe bullet drop is wierd and it doesnt help that there is no zeroing for scopesthe game is secretly still in beta stage, they only fixed a couple things from beta and the big glitches are still thereon multiplayer there is a 50% chance your friend's silencer will glitch out and be loud, but it only affects playersnightvision and binoculars stop working after playing for a few hourssome enemies take over 5 shots to killthis one piece of dialog keeps repeating for me every time i complete a mission and i have heard it at least 30 times nowthe camo textures are a bit pixelatedsmalll things like railings cant be shot through, meaning sniper towers are sometimes tricky to clearthe patrolling helicopters fly at 100 feet and fly over every few minutes, which can fail your mission and/or get you spotted.Now, for the next issue. This issue is so big that it needs its own catagory.The AIFirst of all, the ai's equipment is not very fit for a fun experience. The reason why is because the majority of the ai has duel wielded smgs held sideways that fire at 900 rpm. Keep in mind that these ai can hit you at almost any distance, much like ArmA. The next issue is: the ai feel the need to sprint at full speed when they come into any contact whatsoever. For example, you miss your shot on the sniper tower and within 10 seconds there are 4 guys running at you  with huge LMGs and heavy armor, all shooting from the hip with pinpoint accuracy. The sprinting combined with little-to-none footstep sounds makes ai completely unpredictable and impossible to keep track of.Conclusion:The unfinished game would be pretty good if enjoyed on normal difficulty, where the game is like an action movie and your character is a bullet sponge. All because of the terrible ai design."
76561198008658195,Recommended,460930,31956054,Posted: 25 May,all,Joshuazp,"Seriously one of the best games i've ever played, really fantastic and big! Graphics are just amazing. Free roam, no loading screens, this is how games should be! You can do whatever you want to. And believe me, there's so much stuff to do! Alot of killing, transporting, flying, stealthing, everything you would find such a place, i guess. You kinda operate as the only law in this part of the world, and it's great! Stealth in with your team, send out the Drone to get a closer look at the base, and then it's all about picking the right targets first with cordination, or els... you'll get a visit from hell, tons of men in cars & helicopters, and guns big enough to blow the whole contry up!Deffinately worth the price and time, if you're willing to offer it.And also, for them fans out there like myself. This is good! -and you can feel the Division & Far Cry spirit in this beautiful game, aswell as some Splinter Cell. Kinda brings together every great game they made. But with it's own style!  :-)Superb!    10/10"
76561198156185259,Recommended,460930,30496168,Posted: 13 March,all,Salty.Jack,"Out of the 8 hours ive played this game ive been having alot of fun I play mostly with friends since we have been waiting for almost a year for this game to come out,here are some pros and cons,Pros,1 Map is exspansive and beautiful2 Free to play the missions any way you want and from whatever angle3 Playing tactically is rewarding and difficult to master,4 Customazation is suprisingly really good5 Story is pretty good and seems like it will take a while to complete6 The abliity to steal any and all kinds of vechicles makes this much better than the division ever hoped to be7 Playing co-op makes this a much more immersive and way more interesting.Cons1 Vehicle handeling is a joke2 Dont bother with the little bird style helicopters they fly like russian tanks dive bombing the Nazi's3 The Friendly AI are more of a joke than a help, constantly getting stuck by trees, falling off cliffs, unresponsive.4 sometimes when shooting out lights the Light point will continue to shine while the light bulb is shot out5 enemies can somehow spot you in a bush 100 meters out while in a bush at night.6 If you co-op with less than 3 other players the game doesnt add the extra AI to make it a 4 man crew.7 Vechicles sometimes load in and clip through rocks trees and other items, (it will launch you to the moon if you get in)8 you cant jump only vault, and sometimes it means you get stuck on a cliff or rack face that you could easily jump on to9 voice acting is subpar 6/1010 Team based charachter realtionship builidng so far is very bland.ALSO THIS GAME IS VERY TAXING ON YOU PCHIGHLY CPU BOUND.for reference I use1 Intel 6600K Watercooled2 Nvidia Founders Edition 1080 Watercooled3 16Gbs DDR4 Corsair dominatior plats4 500Gb 850 Evo SSd75FPS @High presetting on 1080Pwith some slight stuttering"
76561198097679189,Recommended,460930,30492565,Posted: 13 March,all,TOO_TALL,"the latest instalment of the Ghost Recon series by Ubisoft Is definitely a hit with this hardcore Ghost Recon fan. at times it may get repetitive and the AI team members are lacking in some inteligence. But the game if you can get some friends to play alongside you is great. my co op team has had a lot of fun exploring, skydiving, base jumping, longest shot competitions. our team record is 1.2 km. the side conversations in game are pretty funny too. the ghosts crack a lot of jokes only a service member or a relative of one would understand. they even mention Kozak from Future Soldier in a side conversation.My ONE problem is it uses up all my RAM i have 8GB and if I play alone its fine but if i open TS to play with friends its only a matter of time till my pc crashes and I have to restart my pc and rejoin.I would definitely tell my friends to buy this game."
76561198133701876,Not Recommended,460930,34108265,Posted: 8 August,all,VAC Banned,"this game is practically the exact smae thing over and over again, its only fun to mess around with your friends and on top of that its graphics are really bad unless you have a pc with 3 GTX 1080ti. but like i said its the exact same thing, go to base, kill people, grab intel, repeat"
,Recommended,460930,30797657,Posted: 28 March,all,Onigiri Beast,"Let's make this quick - amazing game, made lots of new friends, many of laughs to be had, must buy game for 2017."
,Recommended,460930,30436371,Posted: 10 March,all,lord quas,they actually... did a good job on this oneEDIT 24.04.2017they didnt its boring as ♥♥♥♥ lmao dont get
76561197990717021,Not Recommended,460930,30546194,Posted: 16 March,all,MixtaMike,"First 15 hours , very fun game.After that it just the same missions re-skinned over n over.Very boring nothing exciting even on max difficulty using pistols only"
76561198016205854,Recommended,460930,30408187,Posted: 9 March,all,P-51D Mustang,"Love this game. Playing without HUD on extreme difficulty is definetly the way to go. Both single player and co-op work really really well. Its a massive game and I find that the story actually cool if you find all the kingslayer files which are a side objective. Those files really flesh out each enemy boss. I think reviews that are out already saying that the story is weak were made by people that sped through the game and didnt take the time to find all these files. The game gives you lots of options in how to play so it stays interesting.I just finished the game, it was great! Still got some collecting to do."
,Recommended,460930,30637924,Posted: 20 March,all,Peterson,"While I've enjoyed this game...when it works, it is not a Ghost Recon game in anything but name itself. The trend these days is to make every game a multiplayer game first, single player game second. As a result, the tactical elements that made Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six great back in the day are no longer present. Aside from that, once you get the hang of your dumb downed A.I., you can utilize them to your advatage, thus you should be able to finish the game with just the A.I.For some reason my game CTD often enough to drive me crazy, and I am maore patient in this area than most. I do not know if it is on my end or Ubisofts, only time will tell on this.While I do recommend this game, you have to keep in mind what it is and what it isnt. It is a third person arcade style shooter. It is not Ghost Recon that many of us fell in love with back in the day."
,Recommended,460930,30461511,Posted: 11 March,all,Kunt,I got eyes on a small group of tangos.
,Recommended,460930,30505098,Posted: 14 March,all,Jarmenkell,"After, about 40 hours of gameplay.  I have to say. i am not totally hooked. but i did enjoy it. minor some annoyances.This game had the potential to be, the best game ever made. but then it fell short.here are the pros:Incredibly amazing graphics that  Runs smootly, spanning over a huge map.The combat and AI are Above what you would consider Average.The Story line and acting is somewhat captivating.Performance wise, this game is gold. with just a few bugs i encountered. (Called for SUV, landed on my head and killed me). but this only happened once.some of the silly thingsGame has a little bit of the MAD max sandbox syndrome. A little, not entirely that much.See i enjoyed MAdMAx, but having or feeling like you have to do all those side repetetive grind tasks on the side can be dreary. and until now i still havent finished the game. In Ghost i feel like it might end up the same way.As i said, the story line it self is brilliant. but since the game needs you to do all the side tasks to improve your self. well.prepare to do 24 times each of the following.Steal helicopter, steal plane, steal truck, Attack sattelite relay, press E on two Towers 1km apart in 1min time.Tag a supply drop, and deffend a radio relay, and i think scare soem guy to death by shouting crpa in hisears.....etc?maybe i missed one or two.See after doing this maybe 7 times now, i really dont wanna do it again, and yet i have to. anyways. I just wish Sandbox games would do less with this repetetive nonesense. I dont mind that i have seen some bases more than once. (copy and paste) I dont mind as there are lots of variety still. and you do feel like you are really in an entire country. I trully enjoyed flying or boating down river. its trully a visual experience on a 34 in screen at least.in a nutsehll, i really feel like they missed out on an opportunity to make something truly epic. with all the rooms they had to play with. they could have shown GTA V how you can do it better. but then again. GTA spent 300m$.MUTIPLAYER CO-OP.Unless its your friends on MIC COMS. just dont bother. 3  AI are more fun, have better things to say. and can be assinged to SYNC shoot. so you can kill 4 ore more in one hit. really. dont bother palying with randoms. just takes longer and it spoils the sequencin of your campign map.anyways, i hope you enjoy the game."
76561197981004377,Recommended,460930,30758795,Posted: 26 March,all,PrinceoftheUniverse,"Game is fun... with people. The one major problem i have with the game besides Ubi's♥♥♥♥♥♥P2P system, is the Ai squad. Do i want them to improve the AI squad for singleplayer? No. I want the option to turn them off, yes to play without the Ai squad and go solo. That would make the game much better, and it is an obvious option to add to the game, but obvious things slip through Ubi's corporate mindset.Pros:Freeroam, with a beautiful mapGreat Co-op experience (once you manage to connect)Great gun playDecent enemy AI (I'll go into the negatives in Cons)Extensive customization for your characterFreedom to pick specific playstyles and strategiesThey keep adding contentCons:P2P connection sometimes makes joining friends difficultWonky terrain somtimes traps you between rocksAi can sometimes see you through cover, and conveniently fire motars at your position if alerted (without seeing you)Ai teamates are distracting, takes away from the experience of single playerSome missions can be bugged, Ai paths can be blocked (They fixed some with new patch)Mission animations aren't protected, so if you sneak into a base undetected and you start an animation you may be caught and shot during the animation. (ok for hacking, stupid for taking a long time to take an item ((bible)))Overall it is worth it if you have friends that play it, if you are looking for a single player experience, only if you can stomach the distracting Ai squad. (They are so annoying, just let me turn them off ffs)"
,Recommended,460930,30657295,Posted: 21 March,all,弹蛋蛋大侠,"Game is great, but too many bugs. Texture collides have serious problems. Sometimes, scopes and UAV cannot be used. The requirement for computer hardwares is too high to normal player. However, overall, this game is worth to play when you are boring."
76561197998572794,Recommended,460930,30419535,Posted: 9 March,all,Cullinamo,"awesome game:)haven't played more than 3 hours, but this is definitely the best game i've played in many years"
,Recommended,460930,30380185,Posted: 7 March,all,YouTube.com/c/klowdie,"Will sum it up in pros and consPros;It's beautifulIt's fun with friendsIt's also fun but not as much fun soloIt's a huge mapThere's plenty of missions/side missions/things to doThere's lots of customisabilityYour character can have a cigar that never burns down or leaves their mouthit's optimised pretty decently (mostly 50-70fps while streaming, before day 1 patch + nvidia drivers)It's got a pretty nice weather systemAudio is pretty good, but i feel like the hit markers should be muted on higher difficulties, or atleast at distancefeels like MGS:V had a baby with GTA VCons;Feels like the baby couldn't get the hang of vehicles, as the driving is meh, and helicopters are more mehbugs, a lot of them, they're not really game breaking, they're humorous, but they're still bugsstuttering, every now and then everything locks up for a second or two for everyone in the game, probably day 1 serversi can imagine it'll get quite repetitive, and won't give a lot of replay value once you've 100% the gamevoice acting has got quite repetitive, but i've been messing about and taking my time so haven't progressed a lot"
,Recommended,460930,31268802,Posted: 20 April,all,№0526,If GTAV and FarCry had a love child it would be Wildlands
,Recommended,460930,30521526,Posted: 15 March,all,slizer,"EDITS25/03/2017After Patch 2.0, some bugs relating to vehicle and weapon handling have been fixed, the UI has been tweaked, and there is now an option to turn off all in-game radios.Ubisoft claim that they have improved performance, but I am now seeing lower frame rates with the same high to very high settings I was using prior. In addition, there are more frequent drops to the low 50s, sometimes even into the mid-40s.18/04/2017Patch 3.0 has been out for a little while at this point. They claim to have fixed several problems, but there's nothing noticeable. This patch also provides the ground work for the first DLC, Narco Road.22/04/2017Narco Road itself isn't that great, and has nothing to do withGhost Recon, stealth action or realism. For more details, read my reviews on the DLC store page and season pass store page.POSITIVESMultiplayer – This is the best way to play the game. You and your friends can fill different roles, take control of whatever vehicles you like, use different weapons and modify them to your taste and take on missions however you choose to.Graphics – On decent hardware the game looks absolutely amazing.Weapon & Character Customisation – Just like inTom Clancy’s Ghost Recon: Future Soldiermost guns (barring reward weapons for completing main missions and obtained from Uplay store packs) can be edited in the Gunsmith. This allows you to customise how the weapon handles in great detail by changing barrel length, trigger type, optics and so forth. The game also adds character creation in the same vein asTom Clancy’s The Divisionallowing you to change gender, race, hair style and clothing types as well as colours.Weapons – Despite weapons having different stat bars, they are all very similar. They are so well balanced that, in combination with the stealth-based modifier (see Undecided section), you can run with whatever you want and not be at a disadvantage. The only stats that seem to make too much of a difference are accuracy, handling and noise reduction.NEGATIVESVoice Acting – Honestly, this is the worst part of the game. Every character speaks in a dull, monotonous voice. There is no emotion whatsoever. Even during combat when the characters are yelling to each other there’s no hint of any kind of humanity behind the voices. This is especially apparent when the characters banter or tell jokes while free roaming. The only character I can think of that has any kind of emotion is DJ Perico, but even he is annoying.Dialogue – To go hand in hand with bad voice acting, the dialogue is fairly limited. When spotting enemies before combat, your character will say something along the lines of “Got eyes on a small group of tangos.” Unfortunately, they will say this or an equivalent every time they spot enemies, even if there’s only one. They also only have three or so lines for when they find skill points. The aforementioned DJ Perico has especially stale lines. Every time you get in a vehicle or walk past a radio, you will hear his voice rattling off the same speech repeated ad nauseam.Vehicle Handling – Par for the course in an Ubisoft title. Cars accelerate much too quickly and all steer like big rigs. Motorcycles will turn on a dime every time their wheels hit a fist sized rock, and will then fling you through the air Super Man style, killing you instantly when you hit the ground. Running over a pedestrian at high speed will not harm them, but gently tapping them with the bumper at 2 MPH will kill them. Aircraft handling is by far the worst, it's nigh impossible to aim the mounted guns on a helicopter and the planes have no yaw (left and right) controls. You have to roll a plane to turn it, which is dreadful if you need to make a slight turn to land the plane while near the ground.Friendly AI– There have been several occasions where the rebel faction AI have killed a target that I needed to capture with no provocation, leading to a game over and a mission restart.Weapons & Attachments – For some reason, some weapons of smaller calibre have higher damage and stopping power than weapons of higher calibre. The balancing for optics is odd, as scopes with 2x zoom can increase accuracy more than scopes with 4x zoom.Poor Optimisation – Even with a GTX 1070, some settings can only be on high or very high instead of ultra in order to maintain 60 FPS.Level System – The only thing unlocked by levelling up are the higher skills in the trees. Unfortunately, even after you reach max level (30), the costs of these skills are still prohibitively high, making the act of collecting XP superfluous. The levelling system is made redundant even further by the fact that it progresses so easily. Every kill, every new place discovered, every skill point or weapon picked up will grant XP. This being the case, you can get halfway to maximum after completing only two provinces.Uplay Packs – Several optional packs are available on the Uplay store that give you access to a couple extra weapons, clothing items and patches for your hat and backpack. Unfortunately, the packs cost about $10 USD each. The weapons (except the Whisper pistol) are just reskins of other available weapons and have set attachments. It is easy to match and surpass the stats of these weapons by making them yourself with available attachments.UNDECIDEDStory – I enjoy the premise, but you are only exposed to dialogue between characters. In order to actually understand the story, you have to watch optional cut scenes that can be missed, as well as find collectibles to fill in the spaces.Weapons – The game has a stealth-based modifier that increases your weapon damage when you are undetected and lowers it when in open combat. While this provides an incentive to stay quiet, it also puts players who prefer going loud at a disadvantage. Not only that, but enemies that would be killed with a single pistol shot while undetected will suddenly be able to absorb 3-6 more bullets if they spot you sneaking around.Cover System – The cover system is hit and miss. Instead of pressing a button to take cover, your character will automatically flatten themselves against a wall or duck their head when you are crouched behind something. This is good as it means you don't have to fumble for a button to get out of the line of fire. However, because it depends on the game to interpret whether or not what you are behind is cover-worthy, it can lead to situations where you can still be hit even though you should be totally protected, as well as frustratingly stopping you from being able to lean out and return fire.CONCLUSIONA fun experience marred by some drawbacks.There is a lot I like aboutTom Clancy’s Ghost Recon: Wildlands. It looks great and plays well. Unfortunately, some of the integral parts of the game, like the XP system and the weapon attachments and vehicle controls, are just plain bad. In spite of this, I do thoroughly enjoy playing and it is a strong recommendation to anyone who wants a game to play with friends."
76561198046845487,Recommended,460930,32897134,Posted: 27 June,all,ese_wn_po,Play it if you're going to play it with friends. If you talk to yourself in corners and don't have any friends then don't bother.
76561198012754201,Recommended,460930,30499774,Posted: 13 March,all,laxi2610,"It´s what Division should have been....Edit:  After 120hrs I can absolutely recommend this game.  As games go (and I stress this is a game, not a simulation) it´s fun, actionpacked, has a good story and lots of guns.  Vehicle controls are not great but you get the hang of it soon enough and it´s not really a liability.  120hrs of gameplay to finish the story without doing everything for 60$ is worth it."
76561198046317040,Recommended,460930,32905261,Posted: 27 June,all,Mortaxe,"Wonderful environment but quickly repetitive gameplay. AI is a bit weird in how quickly they respond, sometimes theyre wall climbing towards you."
76561197988705068,Recommended,460930,30415504,Posted: 9 March,all,Sirgonz,"To be honest I really enjoy this game, Yes the graphics are A little lower quality then I expected, Yes go here kill theese guys missions are a little repatative especially on easier settings. Even with these issues I find myself enjoying my time in Bolivia. The co-op just adds another layer of fun that single player is missing and makes it that much better. If you like slower style shooters and have a little patients this is a great game. If you want to be rambo it probably will get old quick  but who know you may enjoy it that way.My only wish is a first person mode.... this is my perfered play style but not to take away from those that like 3rd person its just a personal choice.I have an older Titan Z which is a 7 series card... I get 48 FPS avg with only a few dios into the 30s when travaling fast with most things on very high at 1440P. I know some newer cards are still having issues but they should be worked out in either patches or in driver updates.Enjoy and see you in Bolivia!"
76561198066107105,Recommended,460930,30827499,Posted: 29 March,all,❥Matt'as,love it <3
76561197973269040,Recommended,460930,32465926,Posted: 15 June,all,rodd67,"I read the reviews that said repetitive and glitchy....etc   I on the other hand can see the point they make , but any glitch I exp. was minor stuff. Execution is everytrhing and performing some clean execution of a takedown of facility or person is what makes it fun for me at least. Graphics are stunning on my rig. I am not in a real hurry to finish, because I am enjoying the ride. I am happy I bought it, and I almost didn't because of reviews...."
76561197991698116,Recommended,460930,30529140,Posted: 15 March,all,Valant,"Having clocked now 21 hours into GRW, I can fairly say that this is a strong recommendation to gamers from me.  While some missions (especially the side quests) do have a semi repititious feel, the open world randomness and locations help make each encounter fresh and fun. Here are a couple of quick Pro's and Con's to sum up:Pros:1) Massive Open World rich with culture/style/and natural beauty with a fully dynamic weather/24 hour day cycle (About 2.5x larger that GTA V)2) Extensive weapon selection including a large customization system unseen in most games outside of Tom Clancy's Future Soldier3) 4 Player quick drop in/drop out co-op with little to no loading screens (Especially if no failures/deaths/and no fast traveling)4) Amazing graphics with a large amount of customization to suit your rig (and there are clever examples in the menu showing what each feature enables/disablesCons:1) Mission structure can feel a little repetitve at times, Some more unique side quests would have faired better2) Online Matchmaking issues (NAT TYPE), NAT Type changes from Offline to Strict to Moderate depending on time of day and or Wi-Fi/Ethernet Cable (but this seems to happen to me mostly with UBISoft games)3) Random Mission failures have occured, as well as respawning near a cluster of enemies which can kill you quickly4) When leaving a lobby and wanting to join another, you must first exit out of the whole game to the main menu and then continue, no in-game matchmaking.As a final remark, I would give this game a 8/10 (Probably 8.5/10 for Tom Clancy Fan's), definitely a full price. Many if not most of my Con's can (and most likely) will be patched in future updates."
76561197995027192,Recommended,460930,32935873,Posted: 28 June,all,Kaotic_Slaughter,"Base game is great fun, but the DLCs being separate campaigns is a real shame. Was hoping they would allow me to add play time to my currently evolved bada** main campaign character, but instead they make you start all over.Additionally, the DLCs are too far from realistic for my tastes. I was hoping more simulation style stuff not arcade car destruction in a Tom Clancy game. Almost like they're going for some poorly made GTA remake in Tom Clancy's style, but that should never exist.That said, I do recommend this game because it is one of the few good co-op games of late."
,Recommended,460930,30775966,Posted: 27 March,all,NintendosixD4,"A quick review for potential buyersI 100% completed everything there is to do/collect in this game, and I can say that I'd do it all over again. I'm spending my time now playing with others and helping their progression, if I give it another go on a new save then maybe I'll enable my hud and set it to regular difficulty just for the pure arcade aspect of it! But I'd strongly recommend you set the difficulty to extreme on oyour first run at least, leaving the hud on or off is purely your call.Also be advised that not all missions allow you to go in ""guns blazing"" and you are forced to stealth them, although after you complete the mission you can turn around and go Rambo on themOverall I'd say it's a good buy atm if you aren't hurt for money, has some bugs and issues that need irioning out but that didn't stop me.Also if you can, then purchse it through Uplay since there seem to be less reports of problems with users running it through there then through Steam."
,Recommended,460930,31039699,Posted: 9 April,all,[UniGamer] Alkiviadis,"While it somewhat strays away from the tactical roots of its predecessors, Wildlands still has more gadgets and weapons than you can shake a stick at. It makes you feel like an operator completing missions outside their jurisdiction, and it has solid mechanics that make it very enjoyable and hard to put down once you get in the zone.Overall a solid 8/10 that will give you tens of hours of pure fun. Some bugs can be found here and there, but they are nothing major and will not break the Bolivian experience."
,Recommended,460930,30637539,Posted: 20 March,all,Lyros,"Let's be real:Everyone thought that this game was going to be Division 2.0. With the open area, everyone though the game was going to fail. It did the opposite. This game has something unique about it which other games dont do, Which Division didn't do. This game is amazing. The different ways you can either get to a point in the map, or just the way you can do missions. Everything is different. You can either go stelth and not been seen at all, or go full out rambo and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up. All in all, if you have the money, get this game. It is worth it. It has so much replay value to it. Ive completed the game around 70-75% (My stats say that) And when i do complete this game 100%, I will end up replaying this game in a completly different aspect. My current play through (60 hours) I was so keen on being stelthy and keeping a certain playstyle but really, who cares? Go in guns blazing!All in all this game is amazing, I would reccomend this game over any over game any day!(apart from Horizon zero dawn if you have ps :)      )"
,Recommended,460930,30430806,Posted: 10 March,all,CBF,"Lots of fun solo, haven't really tried with people yet. Just amazing to look at and Ansel images are insane in detail. The game plays well, and although repetative, there's enough diversity in the locations and your approaches that I don't seem to get tired of it. Frame rate also needs improvement. Only getting about 45-60FPS on ultra with GTX1080/i7-7700k at 1440p. Had better frame rate on beta and also controller support... there's something odd going on right now with that.The AI sucks a bit still and is pretty dumb sometimes, which I hope UBI works on and the driving although fun, has little to no concesquences when you when you decide to defy physics. You can pretty much drive up or down anything, off cliffs, etc and there's no real damage. That would be nice to improve as well.The one thing completely lacking......in ""Wildlands"" is .... well.... wildlife.... There's a few birds here or there, a couple other mammals in select areas, but you can run km's through mountains, forests, etc and not run into a single animal. Immersion ruined ;)Good:-Fun gameplay-Lots of weapons and accessories-Drop dead gorgeous graphics-Very large environmentBad:-AI is slow (even your own AI squad)-Environment can feel empty at times-Physics are laughable-Frame rates need working on"
,Recommended,460930,31146959,Posted: 14 April,all,ABo-Fr7,good game but we need fix FPS Drop Soon
,Recommended,460930,30677575,Posted: 22 March,all,PATOOFA,"A MASSIVE open-world game with unlimited♥♥♥♥♥♥to do. There is never a boring moment. The map is insanely detailed, and insanely huge. Sometimes I like to just stand on a mountain and admire the beauty of the world. The missions can get slightly repetitive, but I try to approach each mission in a different way. You can either rush into the base run n' gun style, or take a very slow and stealthy approch. I prefer the stealthy approach as it provides for many unique situations. The gunplay is incredibly satisfying, and I enjoy the amount of recoil.The cons of this game were very obvious in my first hour, but after that I started to love it, and the cons began to fade away.I highly reccommend this to anyone who enjoys stealthy, beautiful, and content-rich games (who doesn't?)."
,Recommended,460930,30678469,Posted: 22 March,all,MrSoggyPants,"I've been playing Co op, and have been absolutely loving this game."
76561198030487086,Recommended,460930,30716963,Posted: 24 March,all,G_Masta_Phunk,Tango down
,Recommended,460930,30645082,Posted: 20 March,all,✪ Skittles,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands has to be one of my most current now recommended Tom Clancy labeled games since Splinter Cell Blacklist. It has to be the most nailed down to a T of a game I've been looking for. I was looking for a game kind of like Arma, but with more of a open world with random encounters and has a story to it, as well as it being a co-op or lone wolf feel.Pros:Glorious banter with friends.Being able to shoot long distances with good bullet physics.Decent Ai that also has good convos with each other.Pretty cool random events such as: Supply Transports, Random helicopters flying over and them attacking the player/s.Cons:The occasional game freeze to load up more of the map. (for me I don't mind it.)The chat for typing between people is a bit dodgy, such as you could be typing and it won't send and it would glitch and would spam letters instead of moving.The stupid civs just running you over because they cannot drive for♥♥♥♥♥♥Conclusion:Overall, I have enjoyed the game and there is so much more to do because there is multiple things you can do other than just completing the story missions, infact I still have few more to do as I am writing this at roughly 60ish hours in game.As well as playing it again with a mate or two really inpacts more of enjoyment rather than solo and rushing everything."
76561198254703157,Recommended,460930,30692430,Posted: 23 March,all,Diamond,"I have always been a follower of the Ghost Recon Series and I can say that Wildlands fits in with all the other titles.  Of course Wildlands is a little different and diverse because it is an open world game.  Wildlands has a ton of things to do and a bunch of fun missions to complete.  Getting supplies to upgrade you character is fun to do.  Stealthiness is a big key to this game hence the name ""Ghost Recon"" and being stealthy pays off."
76561198282323101,Recommended,460930,30661420,Posted: 21 March,all,Yadid,AMAZING fun game to play co-op with friends or the SO. Alone? It just reminds you how lonely you are. We need more AAA Co-Op games! It's a criminally overlooked niche.
,Recommended,460930,30832115,Posted: 30 March,all,Myth the Medic,rly guud
,Recommended,460930,30709921,Posted: 24 March,all,martinilac,Beautiful and funny!
,Recommended,460930,30501997,Posted: 13 March,all,doctor 7,I held a bad guy hostage so my friend could snipe him from 600m away. Also I can kick cartel in the nuts so hard they die.This game is great fun with weird but hilarious bugs.
76561198017431196,Recommended,460930,33194771,Posted: 3 July,all,[SBB] IRONEDDIE,got a few hours in now and realy like the game.on hardest the enemy shots are a little too acurate but i realy like the game play and oce you master the flying vehicles and ground vehicles they save a lot of running around time or just to explore.game runs good for me.there is so much in this game to do gonna take me weeks.
,Recommended,460930,30499785,Posted: 13 March,all,LIPS,"""Have I played it well? Then applaud when I exit.""Best game I ever played."
,Recommended,460930,30489376,Posted: 13 March,all,ThatzYoAzz,"Oh you better be prepared for one of the most beautifully rendered games I've ever seen, or games I've ever played. I'm so glad I finally joined the PC Nation. There are a few issues but small ones like, while playing around in this spectacularly massive open world, while driving my 1st vehicle I noticed that you dont leave your own tracks in the mud. And it would really have been awesome if you could individually control your team. it's kind of annoying when you cant set each of your team around an objective so you can coordinate your attack better. I've had quite a few times where my guys aren't so bright and get seen while making their way to their waypoint.  Also my 1st game in 4k and it was worth it, its like playing a movie...literally it looks that awesome!So much detail I was so...in AWE that i didn't even play for the 1st hour and change I walked and drove around checking out the beautiful views, And configuring my system to run ultra settings on 1 EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 SC at between 40 to 60 fps. This game takes alot to run. I heard from some ""professionals"" that it looks better to run a game on 1080p at ultra settings, than 4k on very high, or even high. Those men, are either BLIND! Or they...I don't actually know why else they would say it looks better at 1080p, it just doesn't...I just need to find a group of players that wants to play like I do...Tactically silent. And coordinate our shots so we are in and out and we leave only corpses behind. Apparently there's alot more players that wanna go in balls deep, than a coordinated attack. I highly recommend this game for sure. 120%. This will be my go to game for a while*Update* 6-18-17I still think this game has some of the best graphics I've ever seen. That being said, it does get very monotonous, I haven't gotten the DLC's yet, I was just about to grab them cause I seen the previews and they make it look awesome. Then I see all these Neg reviews about the dlc's being seperate from the base game...Which right there makes me not want them. I like the base game but it is very repetative, and the dlc's would brought a nice change of pace. But seperating them into their own games defeats the purpose of them even being called ""DownLoadable Content"". The driving physics do suck, and the game has some graphic glitches. If I'm looking at a base, thru my scope or thru my drone, the road flickers. I can't really recommend the dlc cause it's only dlc in the sense that you have to download it. It seems like some off these companies have gotten spoiled thinking they can charge what they do for games and then expect even more for their over-priced under-developed DLC.This is the problem with game developers today they care more about graphics than content. I kinda miss games from the PS2 era where there were good but not beautiful, but there was always so much more to the games we played back then. I miss the days of games taking longer than 1 day or so to finish. Now it's all about how huge the map is, and how pretty that space is, not so concerned about what's actually IN IT. They are making so much more for games these days as well. Remember when games were $49.99 and you didn't get the rest of the game sold to you down the road as ""DLC""."
76561198053431503,Recommended,460930,30763418,Posted: 26 March,all,rjo,Good game. Driving is questionable and some AI is very buggy. I would still recommend it though.
76561198018028922,Recommended,460930,30401468,Posted: 8 March,all,ReficulDrol,"Review is Solo Play Only100 Hrs in and totally blown away.Im a real fan of the origonal Ghost Recon franchise(Desert Siege/Island Thunder)so when i heard this would have Team AI assests i was onboard.Given the team AI only follow like a shadow and really only controlwhen you sync shots in tandem action so to speak.They get stuck on debris all over the place, but its not a game changer.They respawn when you get in vehicles, set up a sync shot, etc etc.So its not to immersion breaking.The character creation is decent, except after your first toon the creation breaks.Your character is moved behind the creation tabs so you cant see what they look like.That has been patched now.And the choppa controls are woefull but a controller is a must when doing that sortof precise manouvering. I still use keyboard mostly, just get use to it!Im running i7 2600k 16gig ram barracuta 7200 hdd and 980ti. the game is consistantly at 70ish fps,dropped down once to 59. Even in the most intense fire fights im sitting at 60 with recording at the same time.Sometimes the screen pauses for a second, but its not too common.The game is incredibly beautifull, the views are amazing, the distance and ai make the world come alive.Rolling hills and mountains gandalf. The views are speachless.The Ai reacts really well and dont think twice to open up on you passing by, friendly ai are quick to hit the deck if their not hostile too. I have finished the campaign on 3rd lvl of difficulty. 1 being easy and 4 being elite. Going for a complete campaign on hardest now.This Reminds me of GTAV but  tactical, its so fun to hoon around the map carving up the muddy path, hitting the F key to bring all your allies out the windows to mow the crap out of unsuspecting cartel enemies as you drive by.Water boats run well too with the same style as land vehicle combat. Looking forward to many hours hunting down officers, finding intel and doing side missions to unlock weaponry and friendly AI assistance.Had a blast on a main road opening up on a look out post, awakening a enemy drive by that called in support of 1 choppa and 2 more car loads of enemy infantry. Took me about 15-20 mins, but finaly ended up surviving the day. So much fun."
,Recommended,460930,30369586,Posted: 7 March,all,-I-_R4MBO_-I-,"The patches fixed bugs the game had. The game is more stable than before. Even Watch_Dogs 2 is optimized, this game is more optimized than WD2. I truly recommend this game at this time. It's worth its price tag."
76561198008195805,Recommended,460930,31359395,Posted: 25 April,all,Sad!st!c,"Occasional glitches and crashes aside, the game is immersive and the maps are huge. The level-up system has you moving around looking for weapon parts, side missions and kilometers apart secret locations. I have had a blast playing it with multiple friends and on single-player mode as well.I love the gun mechanics which have already been praised elsewhere. The bullet-drop detail has you doing a bit of math but the long-range kills never get old. You can't never go wrong with character and weapon custimization either. The stealth infiltration approach is perfect for the problem-solving type of player.All of this along with the changing locales and scenery, IMO, defeat the argument that the game is repetitive. What else do you want from an open-world tactical shooter? A laundry day mission or a day at the dentist?If the graphical glitches are fixed I can see myself playing this game for a long time.  I even felt compelled to uninstall Splinter Cell and Hitman, both of which I really like."
,Not Recommended,460930,32966831,Posted: 28 June,all,BillGatez / Blueƒoxx™,What a disapointment. When a modern gaming PC can even hold a constant 60 FPS at 1080p you have done something wrong.
,Recommended,460930,33443606,Posted: 10 July,all,Pras,"EDIT: Took me 58 hours to complete the game on single player without any completionist approach. Playing on high difficulty I imagine this would take a lot longer. Just wanted to say that it was never boring, everything had value and I enjoyed it right to the end. Now will replay with tier-one mode on.If you like open-world games like Far Cry, MGS TPP, this should be on your list of games to try. I played the beta, clocked about 20 hours there on the first area. That was enough to love the game, single player is fun but playing co-op (especially with people you know) is awesome.It effects a 4 player co-op squad to the open-world genre (similar to the division) and it works very well. Of course the Graphics are amazing (you must have checked them out already), frame-rates can be a bit laggy sometimes, I found locking the game to 30 or 60fps did help.A few glitches here and there, both physical (fell through the floor of the world once) and graphical (a few rough-spots such as textures reloading etc). Overall it's really stable and it hasn't crashed (maybe once), which is pretty good for a game this big.Yes it's huge, I'm 46 hours into my first playthrough and haven't even started the 5star areas yet (probably about 70% done). I'm not doing a completionist run or trying to take my time, it's just a lot of gameplay and loads of useful upgrades to hunt for.Overall, I've heard people say it's repetitive but to me the main game is just as great as Far Cry 3 or 4, with plenty to do and lots of choice about how you go about playing the world. There are always things that could be better and lots of people complain no matter what they get.It sticks to the Open-world combat genre perfectly, clean and pure gameplay and designed for Co-Op. I'm not personally bothered about PvP, I always yearned for co-op PVE in this kind of game so I'm really happy with that. There are some issues people are exploring but I would say they're minor (ballistics being unrealistic for example).When you get something that's really well done, it's easy to spot the minor things. Ballistics are virtually never realistic in games, but hey that's just my perspective. I'm not an apologist for the game, I just think it's an amazing achievement and have not found myself even slightly bored so far (nearly 50 hours in playing solo).The mood/art/music in the game is excellent - with a great background lore, awesome music (reminds me of the original Viet-Cong) and effective voice acting. My Spanish isn't good enough to know if the bolivian accents are correct, but everything feels realistic in terms of the way people convey their experiences/storylines.Huge world, Gorgeous audio/video/gameplay, some may find it repetitve (apparently), loving it.Don't believe the hype, but don't believe the paid-trolls either. I'm not regretting the money I spent on this game, it's given me a lot of pleasure so far and I can also imagine replaying it a lot. Even if there's no-one else in the game but one or two of my rl friends then that's fine with me."
,Recommended,460930,30503376,Posted: 14 March,all,PianoMan105,"Let me get this out of the way first; the game is buggy. I experience extreme lag and freezing at times, sometimes for a good 45 seconds. That is the biggest problem I have faced.PROS:- Beautiful world- Versatile gameplay- Endless customizability- Decent story- Smooth gameplay mechanicsCONS:- Matchmaking UI could use some work- AI needs lots of improvement when it comes to stealth play- Repetative gameplay9.5/10"
,Recommended,460930,30504079,Posted: 14 March,all,blood^-^,"Very good game i like it alot the only downfall is the NPC's and thier aimlock, it's annoying sometimes but overall great game I would recommend it"
76561198050358298,Recommended,460930,30529524,Posted: 15 March,all,Swordfish,"I am having a blast with this game. Look at my hours.  Yesterday I was out in coop with a friend, just two of us and we had a great time. The in game chat, very good.  The options that open up as you mature into the game are well planned.  The first patch went a long way toward improving playability.  I am very stable now with my GTX70s in SLi. Coop is now stable.  Its all good."
76561198278566213,Recommended,460930,31467168,Posted: 30 April,all,More8,"This game based on my experience, in it's current state with patches is worth a 6/10. It is not even close to what it's ad campaign painted it out to be. Like so many others have already pointed it out, this is NOT aiming to be realistic, tactical ghost recon experience but rather a gta open world style with tactical elements added into it. The goal is clear, make a game that appeals to a majority of players, ie. create a shooter that more people will enjoy. The good is that this game is easy to get into and start having fun, however this is also that makes the game shallow and hurts it's longetivity and lasting impact. I've had fun with this game, but now I'm at the point where the game is more of a tedium of repeatedly same types of missions and fetch quests with instakill elements. I'm struggling to finish the game at this point out of boredom and tedium.The good:-The world with varying locations is quite well executed and patching has increased performance so that in my opinion it   runs to make all this gaphics at playable speeds. SLI works now too but there are occasional stutters and flickering issues for me. As they are occasional, they don't ruin the entire game but are annoying when it happens.-Shooting mechanics. This game is enjoyable as a shooter and gives a good sense of the different weapon types and using them is satisfying and fun. You can create such havoc in this game and laugh at the ensuing carnage gta style. However this is not exactly maybe what you would be expecting from a ghost recon game.-Gear and weapon customization in this game is extensive from weapon types and explosives to luresand tech like drones + appearance like paints, clothing and ghillies etc..-Story pictures well how a massive drug operation runs with all pieces of it's machinery in place. It feels believable and realistic, even when the core gameplay is totally unable to convey a feeling you are playing the same story which is well laid out and realistic but your missions happen in a gta style sandbox.The bad:-Narco road DLC. It takes the worst element of this game and makes it into the focal point. Avoid at all costs.-Boring repetitive mission structure: It's what we are used to seeing by now by AAA titles. Fetch this and fetch that or Go there, kill and rinse and repeat. Over and over. The game tries to mask this by using the storyline and changing characters but it's painfully obvious you are an errand boy to CIA and to the rebels.-Gameplay while being a fun gta style action/stealth game, feels detached from it's realistic storyline and fails to convey your role as a recon expert in a realistic or belivable way. Cliched elements rife the ingame cutscenes and make it feel like they are from a different game compared to the videoclips of El Sueno and his menacing reflections of his empire. Gameplay has annoying weaknesses with instakill stealth missions and autosaves with multistaged missions that make you ragequit many, many times. For example, In one mission you are supposed to infiltrate a cathedral with 100 enemy guards without being seen. You can make to the last legs of your goal, meticulously taking your time stealth disposing of enemies to minimize being spotted and some sniper from some rooftop spots you and you are back to the beginning, half a kilometre from the compound, randomly dropped into the terrain and you have to start sneaking back all the way again, and again and AGAIN. At any stage of a multistaged mission, you are reset back to the very beginnig of that mission. Now suppose your mission has 3 stages, and you spend a hour working it through and in the very 99% of completion something goes wrong and you are back to stage 1.. Imagine the frustration. If at least you were able to continue from the last stage you succesfully completed, but no.-Vehicle handling is ABYSMAL in this game.. Regardless what vehicle you drive the realism had to be replaced by moon gravity and making the game break any laws of physics because with handling this bad would make you wreck the vehicles instantly if the game was not forgiving you extensively by making your vehicle almost non destructible and almost impossible to land on it's roof. You can literally drive off a mountain top and crash the vehicle down below and while the car will roll and break to pieces it will always end up on it's wheels and you can continue driving on your smoking wreck like nothing happened. This has the effect of destroying ANY realism and also make the player treat the vehicles as if they were futuristic hoverboards and just drive off cliffs and through lush rainforests instead of the roads, because why would you drive 4 kilometres to your next mission location when you can just drive straight through a rainforest and over a mountain, jumping off the mountain cliff on the other side and landing straight to your mission location only to use that same vehicle for quick extraction after mission end.-Inconsistency with game mechanics. In general your team members are invisible to the enemy, however rebels are not. This means that while your team members can walk right in front of an enemy guard a sight of a rebel will immediately cause alarm. It's hilarious to see your team 'sneak' through a 20 enemy soldier group while chattering to you about importance of being unseen and warning of the sicarios they are spotting while being right in front of one. The inconsistencies cause the game to behave in unpredictable manners. Normally your team don't trigger any alarm because they are invisible but there are missions where they do cause immediate alarm. I do not know if it's a bug or not but it's happened to me. Also the general rule is you can use your team to do stealth kills that are not noticed by the enemy in any way. If you take someone down, it can cause an alarm, but your team mates can do it generally without any repercussion. However again inconsistensies make it so that there are situations that for some reason these same stealth kills even when NOT SEEN BY anyone, will cause alarm and failure in an instakill mission. It's just very, very weak in a trial and error style.-Spawning enemies. This is directly from gta, If you attract the attention of the games military, they will keep spawning untill you are are dead or you disappear into a jungle and wait out for their level of aggressivines goes down enough to stop hunting for you. Their helicopters also have a sixth sense when engaged and you can be running in a jungle and their helos are still following you untill you crawl on the ground which makes you 'invisible' even if completely exposed.In general this game has VERY big issues to subtract from the overall experience but it seems the basic combat is enjoyable enough at least for me that even while there's more bad about the game than good, it's fun enough to give a 6 on the merits it has. At it's best it is a lot of fun to play, even when being goofy unrealistic and buggy and repetitive AF. My advice is wait for patching and the price to go down and then try it out. It does have fun into it which is why a lot of people are playing it despite all the hate this title is receiving. It also made me recommend the game instead of not, but not in it's current price!"
,Recommended,460930,30547966,Posted: 16 March,all,Laundry Sauce,"Co-op, its pretty good.Solo, dont bother."
,Recommended,460930,30997854,Posted: 7 April,all,Jackbelfast,AMAZING
,Recommended,460930,30520719,Posted: 15 March,all,ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ raise your dongers,Way better and more detailed than expected! Worth the money if you have some lying around.
,Recommended,460930,30525000,Posted: 15 March,all,Ｓａｅｅｄｏｏｆ,good and cool game to play with your friends
76561198257118339,Recommended,460930,31330155,Posted: 23 April,all,Profit Bird,"Fun, entertaining and unique with a massive open world and an immersive storyline. The game has so much to do and IS very replayable. The AI are not that stupid like people call them, they easily hop in cars and stick to YOUR tactics, stealth or loud. The only con I can think for this is to add more comments the characters can make, they still do refer to plenty of stuff though, such as mission achievments and passing landmarks. 9.6/10"
,Recommended,460930,30385416,Posted: 7 March,all,Mr.Washington,"This game is actually better than I thought it'd be. In my opinion, it's actually a good game. Despite the occasional freezing (2 that fixed themselves in approximately 5 hours straight of playing) the game runs pretty smooth. 7.5/10 (only issue is it's a bit repetitive, but im only at the beginning so who knows)."
76561198323984737,Recommended,460930,32627493,Posted: 21 June,all,Stardust1995,"Not bad, but better play with your friends or its a little bit boring i think"
76561198062202175,Recommended,460930,30415422,Posted: 9 March,all,CuriousFunt,pretty lit
,Recommended,460930,30382156,Posted: 7 March,all,HelixBrightstar,"Had a blast playing last night, from launch all the way up until 7 AM (CST) this morning!  I participated in both the Closed Beta and the Open Beta and on both occassions I had good experiences.During the Betas, I only had two issues:1. I had my cpu overclocked to 4.6 Ghz (i7 6700K) and somehow this cause the game to crash in the Open Beta but not in the Closed Beta).2. How long the game takes to read from the HDD - my HDD for the Betas was a Toshiba at 7,200 rpms (my Non-Steam Games HDD) and this is not an issue for other new games, even though HDDs are always slower than SSDs.  So if you are able, I recommend installing this game on an SSD - if possible.At full release, the game is running on a Seagate at 7,200 rpms (my Steam HDD) still utilizes the HDD heavily, 99% to 100% on loading every time any loading takes place and this is why I recommend installing this game on an SSD is possible.So, with those two very minor issues out of the way, I must say that I love this game.Co-op Gameplay - Thus far, I have not played in co-op yet and I can imagine the fun shennanigans that are to be had in that mode.  I am primarily a story driven gamer who does also enjoy a bit of co-op at times and with the right people.  So, if you would like to play in co-op with me then just ask.The A.I. Teammates - I think they are great to have with me, although I do see where having actuall human teammates will be far more beneficial than the A.I. ones and I am grateful to have the A.I. team with me.  Their stories and banter are funny and they let you know when there are enemies, intel and lootable items present in the area.  When you fall, they will heal you once to give you a second chance to triumph over the enemies.Do I recommend this game - yes I certainly do.  I have never played any of the previous Ghost Recon titles yet, so I will not compare this one to any of them for obvious reasons.  I do think that there are elements from some other Ubisoft titles that I own and play, such as Far Cry 3 and 4 and perhaps a bit of The Division where we shoot through enemies to get the main boss in an area, but thankfully the enemy NPCs are not bullet sponges with crazy advantages like they are in The Division.I am playing on Windows 10 with an i7 6700K @ 4.6 Ghz with an EVGA GTX 1070 FTW and 16 GB of G.Skill TridentZ RAM in 1080p on Nvidia GeForce Experience settings with everything turned on - except VSync and Frame Limiting, Long Range Shadows and Nvidia Multi-Frame Sampled Anti-Aliasing.  My fps ranges from 49 to 85 fps in game and everything is very smooth, no screen tearing, no stuttering nor choppiness."
76561198021096798,Recommended,460930,30382764,Posted: 7 March,all,c_swisher,"This is the kind of military shooter I've been waiting for: large in scope similar to Arma, but with much easier access and controls. You are free to roam Bolivia and take down the Santa Blanca drug cartel by dismantling its operations in various regions. You will assault bases and outposts, and do side missions for extra resources. You have a good amount of weapons and accessories at your disposal, which need to be unlocked. However, the starting weapons are more than adequate for some good hunting. There's a good amount of clothing and tactical gear options and accessories for you to play around with, each item comes with different colors and/or camo patterns. Can change outfits on the fly any time by going into your inventory. Day/night cycle, and changing weather patterns. Graphics are really nice! Fun times either solo or co-op, but definitely much more fun in co-op, duh!"
,Recommended,460930,30382128,Posted: 7 March,all,no,"What is with all the hate? The Division is a great game...In all seriousness this game isn't a clone of The Division, and is also very fun. However, I can see where some complaints come as this game seems to be rushed. So yes it is a great game but unless you aren't a fan of this genre I would either wait for the game to become more complete and/or wait for a price drop.Rating:8/10 Really Fun, Feels Incomplete, Great with friendsPS:Optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,460930,33019610,Posted: 29 June,all,Shaved Ape,"tl;dr  How much you enjoy this game depends almost entirely on your tolerance to Ubisoft 'open world' type games.  I would have rated this 'maybe' or 'only at a steep discount' if I could.Pro:+ graphics are very, very nice, especially at night / during a thunderstorm+ character and gun customization are top notchCons:- missions and activities are *extremely* repetitive- plot is at best mediocre- 95% of the map is basically empty, there is no reason to explore so you'll gravitate toward using helicopters to just cut down on travel time- vehicle controls are terrible (actually, vehicles in general are terrible)- can't 'capture' bases, they repopulate over a short amount of time or when you leave the area, not much of a problem except for the areas that have AA defenses - you can't permanently disable them- forces you to use Uplay- still a fair amount of bugsSome people seem to really enjoy the co-op.  For me, it didn't radically alter the gameplay (it actually felt like it increased the difficulty a little) so I'm not totally sold on that aspect.Anyway, like I said up above, it really depends on how much you enjoy open world busywork.  I generally don't mind it, so the game doesn't bug me too much.  The shooting is alright, but I think I enjoyed the gun collecting aspect more than the actual missions."
,Recommended,460930,33961439,Posted: 1 August,all,Phait,"I grew up with the original Ghost Recon games and it's what got me into tactical shooters.Originally seeing this was a multiplayer focused game, I couldn't care less, but I started digging around and finding the single player campaign is robust enough with over 20-30 hours of gameplay, so I bought it. Full price. I haven't paid full price since Far Cry 3. I don't regret it.I definitely am used to some mechanics from other Ubi games, notably the Splinter Cell series. I wish I could grapple along ledges and pipes, but I suppose it's just not expected in this game.I wish the cover mechanics were more manual and less automatic.I'm happy there's bullet drop, makes sniping a challenge.Vehicle physics are pretty touchy, especially making airplane landings a real pain - I've crashed at least 3 times out of 4.I like that you can hold back the squad, as I prefer lone wolf. I just wish you could totally alone.I pretty much wanted more Far Cry 3/4-like mechanics, and it's kind of there. Huge open world, go as you please, liberate areas, cooldown periods... for that, I'm happy with my purchase. I run on a mix of medium/high settings at 1080 on an R9 270 2GB AMD graphics card, 8GB RAM and an i5 4690K and average 35 FPS - rarely ever drops frames badly, if at all, so it's very playable for me. I've already went over my 2GB RAM budget, though, so you'll definitely want at minimum a 3 to 4GB card ideally. If you want to go ultra, look towards 8 GB. Forget 4K on an R9 270.I wish you could dive into prone in firefight situations. I wish you could vault better (although I'm surprised they allowed you to scale some of the rock faces that look almost impossible). I wish you could climb ladders and get on top of steep towers for great sniping vantage points. It's missing  a few of these things I enjoy about other games, but it hasn't killed the fun for me at all."
,Recommended,460930,30407677,Posted: 9 March,all,Seasoned Wanderer,"I enjoy this game and think it is a nice game, Now do I think it should be 60 dollars, no more like 40 dollars. But just wait for a small sale if you want this.I mainly just miss Ghost Recon Games. I loved them and played a few and put hours in them. This game is finally letting me do that again"
76561198101796789,Recommended,460930,31340772,Posted: 24 April,all,Professor Fox,"Well folks, here it Is, the next in the Ghost Recon series taking up a new idea behind open world exploration and giving us more of an RPG feel than ever before...So...Does it work? Why yes! Yes it does! For the record, I played the division, and enjoyed the game but there were aspects missing that I felt could help substantially and Wildlands had scratched that itch better than I expected! With tons of weapons and customization options, you Can really go about the game with whatever tickles your fancy, and that's something I thoroughly enjoy about the game as it gives you a lot of freedom regarding weaponry. On top of that, I've found it is an enjoyable experience when I'm hanging out with my group of friends, taking down entire compounds owned and operated by the cartel drug lords! Overall, I think it's a fun game that isn't perfect, but is overall an enjoyable game that IS perfect for a tactical squad based shooter."
,Recommended,460930,31303122,Posted: 22 April,all,YouIn^.-,Great game huge map a lot of features u can't get bored!Especially if you play with friends!
76561198046743625,Recommended,460930,31341952,Posted: 24 April,all,skottdtchlnd,"This is definitely a fun game. However if you want the best experience, put it on the hardest dificulty...that's where the game's strong points really shine,The map in this game is HUGE. It's also beautiful. The level of detail combined with the draw distance is amazing AND this game actually performs very well.There are some glitches here and there, but nothing major. Ubisoft has been doing a good job at adding new features to the game on a fairly regular basis."
,Recommended,460930,30510175,Posted: 14 March,all,ISSA KNIFE,better than the division
,Recommended,460930,30380409,Posted: 7 March,all,Δxwell,R.I.P.750 TI2013-2017
76561198128948151,Recommended,460930,30629083,Posted: 19 March,all,SoldierOfTheSea,Buggy mission simulator 2017.
76561198006534473,Recommended,460930,30736431,Posted: 25 March,all,SF_RicoRaynn,"First of all, love this game. Haven't had so much enjoyment in a co-op game since Borderlands 2. Good controls (minus the ground vehicles), interesting abilities, along with some of the most fun stealth gameplay I've experienced since Metal Gear. Weapon selection is pretty large and the best thing is everything is viable (well, maybe not that POS first rifle they stick you with).This last patch seems to have added a few more bugs than it fixed, but I'm still having a grand time with it. Even after all the time I've spent, I'm only about 70% thru the story and theres still 2-3 zones that have no story but are just there to run around and kill things in.Character clothing is a bit sparse and it's worrying about how the microtransactions are starting to become the norm for all the cosmetics but thats just the new thing for the industry in general.My advice, if you enjoy military shooters get it. If you and 1-3 friends loved the co-op of borderlands get it. If you ever played the old school Mercenaries on Playstation and had a blast destroying all of North Korea, get it.A solid game and if they continue to branch it with solid DLC this could be a great game.Edit: DLC is a negative. Narco Road is a disaster of a product and I advise against getting the season pass solely for that reason. The base game is worth your hard earned cash...the DLC deserves to go on the shelf right next to No Man's Sky.....Edit 2: UBISOFT still fails to deliver substantial DLC. The lack of an ability to transfer your current character to the 'DLC' is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and being forced to recreate every time and losing all weapons makes it tedious. Also, they completly screwed up the helicopter controls. They simplified them to the extreme but in doing so they made the ability to dodge SAMs impossible. Not a change for the better imo."
76561198067089584,Recommended,460930,30478489,Posted: 12 March,all,Littl3_Fox,"its a good game but,There was no friends included:("
76561198010934003,Recommended,460930,30842388,Posted: 30 March,all,ACRNM,"At first I had left a pretty negative review due to it crashing every 20 minutes or so. I blamed the game like most of us would and set out to let my voice be heard.No longer the case, as it was user error being that my vcore was below stabile limits, even when tested for what I assumed was enough time.Ghost Recon: Wildlands is fantastic, although repetive through in through out.The gun play is constantly satisfying as well as character customization. The map is f*cking huge and well detailed, with enemies that respawn at every base you eliminate them from on re-load, which to me is better than having a cleared out map over time.I haven't had many optimization issues so far with a 980 ti / 4790k @ 4.6ghz with a 2560x1440 monitor. FPS is roughly 45-60 with a heavier choice of Ultra than Very High. Game definitely eats VRAM for breakfast lunch and dinner though.Would recommend"
,Recommended,460930,30844932,Posted: 30 March,all,Supreme Meme,So after 38 hours of playing and finishing the main story along with most of the rebel ops (side missions) i'd say if you have some friends who love co-op military shooters this is the game for youPros:Weapon customization is great and rewarding.The story while being kinda bland reminds me of the show Narcos and i really enjoy the mini vids they give you.A beautiful map with great enviroments to explore which i found myself getting lost in.Each boss had their own personality and stayed away from your tipical bad guy.Character customization is fun and allows you to make your own ghost.Co-op is highly recommended and can bring out the enjoyment.Sync shot returns and is so satisfying to pull of sniper shots.Cons:Some of the missions seemed to be bugged and required us to keep replaying.Peer to peer connection is still present and has caused me so many issues.The ability not to move bodys makes this game much harder to play because when a body is found the cartel goes on full alert.Cars and helicopters have some questionable handling issues.
76561198330314711,Recommended,460930,30846394,Posted: 30 March,all,aglouis50,It's good.  A lot of cool stuff to do.  Gameplay and shooting is tight and feels good.  I like the variety of diffrent outposts to clear and plenty of good gear to get while doing so.  Absolutely worth the 60 bucks.  Enemies are tough on the harder levels.  Big map.
76561198005688605,Recommended,460930,30848068,Posted: 31 March,all,OBG{A}Nseal1975,"I have to say I really enjoyed this game alot.  I liked the game play, along with the co-op feel of the game.  The fact you were able to change out the parts on the weapons the way you can made the game that much more fun.  I cant wait for more DLC to come out."
76561198152769895,Recommended,460930,30867023,Posted: 31 March,all,☢ Śavvy,"I would recommand Ghost Recon Wildlands to anyone who enjoys crontrolling the situation in a video game, if its from going loud or taking it steathly; you as a player choose your own path. I played the entire game solo, I enjoyed it very much. I would recommand playing with friends though. The Game has alot great fun content, that will make you play for hours on end. It has nice Character,Skills,Weapon loadout customization. The Map was very well done, and I hardy ever lag for had any frame drop durning my play time. I feel that the game is worth purchasing and trying out!"
76561197980958637,Recommended,460930,30870445,Posted: 1 April,all,Ziz,"Me and My Mate Just Completed The First Boss,We then decided to open the game to public Matchmaking and joined in his mission in a 3 Skull Difficulty Area(1 higher than our last)The mission itself was extremely difficult and we wondered as to what had transpired.Little did we know, we were completing the final mission. And as a result we got the worst possible ending after Completing Only the First and Final Boss.F*CK Public MatchmakingThis ruined the experience for both of us and im not sure we`ll ever play again.Would still reccomend this though. Honestly Ubisoft, fix matchmaking. Otherwise play by yourself or with people you know."
,Recommended,460930,30874015,Posted: 1 April,all,DH,"Hi guys, love this game, its great, been playing with a friend and that makes it 100% more funwww.youtube.com/user/dannyhoppertv"
76561198102052051,Recommended,460930,30918206,Posted: 3 April,all,WhiskeePete,Tons of fun.  Combat is exciting and addicting.  The map is beautifully diverse and huge.  Love the variety of modicifations you c an apply to a large choice of weapons.  The player and gear customization is really fun to mess around with also.  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,460930,30925376,Posted: 3 April,all,JackDaniels325,"Great game but not without its flaws. (Spoiler Free Review)8/10I was hoping to have a few Clips stored up for the difference in play, but haven't had time.I got this game in hopes of playing 4 man coop with everyone but here are the CON'sCON's -CPU Heavy for Mid Range machines that will struggle - Use of CPU Cores helped get past this.- Additional Review on Software -http://steamcommunity.com/id/Jackdaniels325/recommended/384300/Netcode needs work, leaving players juggling connections and troubleshooting more then playing.NAT status is Open, Limited or Strict - often times met with error codes that don't help in solving issues.Host Migrations due to Connection issues will some times drop players from player Lobbies.Issues with Render distance unless you have at least a 2nd player to help for Distance shots in keeping enemies spawned in past 500 meters -https://clips.twitch.tv/TrappedAffluentPhoneVoteNayAI team can't drive - solo play requires you to drive or fast travel yourself.Enemy Camps always respawn equipment enemy forces so you can't capture and leave.Pros - (if you can get past the Connection issues)Great versitiliy in play style or tactics.Recommended Tactics will Vary, but game play favor's snipers or CQB Combat.Fast Travel & Spawn Vehicles at a minor limitation.AI Ghost Members are efficent at doing the Job they are given.Replayability through COOP and shared Missions.Enemy's Respawn at bases so you can always retry a task again.Sniping requires Sight and Ranging but is still a Challenge and fun to attempt -https://clips.twitch.tv/TrappedAffluentPhoneVoteNay(Same link)COOP -Allows for players to respawn near other players or wait to be revived by other players.Players allow for a more versitle game play experience or Tactic change up compared to Solo play.Works when all players are able to join a Lobby together.It's Players or AI Team - you can't have both while in coopDrop in drop out COOP - so if all players leave you from COOP you get your AI team instantly to back you up.- or Loose the AI Team the second some one joins you.Hopefully this was a helpful spoil free Review for you if not, let me know what I can do to help you out further.If you would like to see my adventures in the Wilds here is my Playlist -https://youtu.be/zBEt2smG8ag?list=PLI2m3FezFJ3p_yi3BU-LMnT6c-uTy5TGN(Video starts on Part 2 after Setting changes to improve game performance)"
76561198067679285,Recommended,460930,30950460,Posted: 4 April,all,Uzziss,"are you bored of all the complicated reviews of this game?,  i will sum it up for you wether you should spend your money on this game.Do you have at least one friend who would play this game with you?  because Coop is what makes it fun and interesting, and if you can get 4 people in a steady party you will have a blast.If you dont have anyone to play ths game with, and you think that single player will be fun as well, i would recomend to wait few months untill summer sale or something because just single player is not worth full price. AI of your team is♥♥♥♥♥♥, and story will get booring."
76561198011522765,Recommended,460930,30974793,Posted: 6 April,all,☢QSI NadeDrop☢,This game is one of the best games i have played from ubisoft but it has some small glitches and bugs that is fun to have some times but it can become iritating but still its a great game. Keep up the good work!
76561198061570988,Recommended,460930,30975882,Posted: 6 April,all,Shade,Well this is everything they promised meIts not a casual shooter but it doesn't always require top military techniques to go through levelsYou can Play SP and its goodIts BETTER in Co-opAnd if you have friends that play too - its even betterYes there are annoying things about this gameLike an AI companion that decided to enter your line of sight when you are standing 2 meters away from an enemy preventing you from firing and causing the AI to notice youBut the majority of the timeits a great gameCo-op with friends is awesomePlay as a sniper with a multitude of sniper weapons or play as an assaulterTake out one boss first or go for a completly different oneonly do side missions if you wantDo whatever you wantTotal freedomHuge mapNote :Vehicle handeling is not greatespecially aircraftbut after playing this game for over 100 hoursi can tell you its manageable
76561198313374038,Recommended,460930,30995069,Posted: 7 April,all,cleonliew.cl,"This game is fun at the first few hours,but it is too repetitive. All the mission are nearly the same (break into a facility to kill someone or get the intelligence) and there are nearly no plot at all. I recommend you to buy the game and play for two hours and then ask for refund. Two hours are enough to experience most of the gameplay and features."
,Recommended,460930,31005706,Posted: 7 April,all,Pickle Rick,"I hated the beta. It felt bland and recycled and my gaming friends and I vowed to not even mess with this game. With that said, my buddy and I had Steam credit and figured we would go for it because why not.After about 10 hours of gameplay, we are honestly having a lot of fun with it. If you have the hardware to run it well, it's a very lush and pretty game. Gameplay is solid as well.HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU GET THIS TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS, NOT ALONE.Playing this game alone will be a pretty 'meh' experience, but playing it with friends is where it is a lot of fun. We've managed to 'break' the game a couple of times, but it was actually hilarious.PROS:-Very pretty-Solid Gameplay-Seamless/fun multiplayer experience-Huge game map-Lots to doCONS:-Repetitive-Slightly Glitchy-Not well optimized-So-so single player experience-Forced dialog (minor complaint)-Vehicle handling is not the best, but it works (needs to feel 'heavier')Conclusion: If you have gaming buddies to play it with and you enjoy tactical shooters, pull the trigger (like that pun?). If you anticipate playing it alone for the most part, you may or may not enjoy it after the first few hours."
,Recommended,460930,31023303,Posted: 8 April,all,Deoxir,"At first I thought this game is going to be ♥♥♥♥♥♥ after playing the demo on the PS4, as the physics, the driving, the AI, the controls, everything was (and still is) bad. I only decided to pick up this game full-price because I was kinda bored. After playing it for some time, I think the boredom does get alleviated a bit, since the game, even though it has ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics, which is largely due to the lack of a true physics engine, still allows me to have different approaches to one single mission, which is fun.There are still a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of stuff that still annoy me even up to this very moment when I'm about to defeat the final boss:-Driving is dreadful and the game from time to time gives you missions that rely heavily on driving a vehicle (easier if you have a controller)-AI is dumb as ♥♥♥♥, may as well treat them as moving targets-Despite being very serious with things concerning guns, the game does not allow you to customize the color of the larger parts of a gun (e.g. the slide of a pistol, upper receiver of an AR), which is weird since you still can change the color of your barrels or you magazines.-Microtransactions-Can't kill civilliansStill I recommend this game because I like to shoot stuff, and this game is pretty good in terms of doing those things."
76561197978268870,Recommended,460930,31025713,Posted: 8 April,all,AliasJacky,"Good open world shooter, unless a bit repetitive.But to see a rich environment that's engulfed in warfare, and where you can ""ghost"" in and out like in GTA, just marveleous!"
,Recommended,460930,31051920,Posted: 9 April,all,[7VOX] Vox_Dei_Populi,"Great game. Alot like Far cry, MGS phantom pain & Assasins creed combined with the same 3 CPU players that Ghost has always had. Only issues are with the driving, and graphics gliches when day turns to night. Plenty to do in the game to keep you wanting to play more and great gun and attachment selection."
,Recommended,460930,31075099,Posted: 11 April,all,GuyMualem,Wow is so good game i so like this and i Recommend on about this game
76561198346957181,Recommended,460930,31076086,Posted: 11 April,all,mazab,A must have game. just wow
,Recommended,460930,31092048,Posted: 11 April,all,sPaWnSMASH,"Stunning game! Visually it's amazing, and the gameplay is near perfect. The most common complaint I see is regarding repetition in the game, especially with the side-missions. While there's definitely repetition, that's unfortunately inevitable when you have a map the size of a country and a crazy long campaign. The missions increase in difficulty, and while their concepts may stay the same, how you carry them out definitely changes over time. I love the fact that I can turn this on and find something to do every time. Also, I'm running on a GTX 970, and i5 base clocked at 3.5GHz. I play on high settings and have no troubles with framerate or loading. It is a CPU heavy game but, it doesn't require a $5000 PC to get amazing graphics with this game like some big youtubers suggest."
76561197997981242,Recommended,460930,30995761,Posted: 7 April,all,Baldr,"Disclaimer: for the benifit of the Bolivian government, this is not a tripadvisor review for my stay in Bolivia!I have to include this as of course, the Bolivian government protested Ubisoft's depiction of its nation in the game! And with good reason, the game is a stunning representation of a large region of Bolivia.This is one of the games storngpoints, the scale of the map and the variety of terrain that is found in bolivia make this a great place to wander around and cause untold destruction and mayhem on the Cartel!To facilitate this wave of destruction, you have full customisation of your Ghost, the ability to kit yourself out with the latest and greatest military weapons and gear the world can provide (except for tiny magazines!). You unlock weapons and gear as you go, but the small starting magazines for your military hardware is a little odd though easily overcome with a bit of exploration.Now that you've picked up your ""extended"" (normal) size mags and are kitted out like the elite non-existant soldier that you are its time to meet your team!In single player you have 3 team mates who follow your lead and act on your orders. The AI here is pretty good, with your guys moving like pros. Only problem is, they kinda look like heavily armed hill walkers out on a picnic! Which stands out even more as im in full tactical rig.Despite this your team are lethally effecient and have some great banter as you wonder around Bolivia. Their mocking of the Airforce is particuarly amusing.Being based in Bloivia means everyone speaks spanish, so I have no idea what people are chatting about as I wonder the streets. I wonder what hidden (unless you speak spanish) gems Ubisoft has hidden in that dialogue. The look and feel and sounds of the place have been done well and draw you into the new narco state of Bolivia. Whilst I was reconing a target, my brother and I saw 2 very expensive cars parked at a villa. An UNIDAD patrol was driving along the road, they stopped, 2 guys got out and got into each of the cars and drove off! I guess payment from the cartel was due!The Cartel and UNIDAD are some tough enemies, they aren't overly stupid, carry alot of firepower and raise the alarm if they find the bodies of their comrades! At night, I snuck into one heavily guarded base, silently took out a couple of patrols, kept to the shadows and planted C4. I felt like a heavily bearded Ninja (with guns).I start to make my way out when I hear a shout... Floodlights come on and I'm stood there looking like a teenage boy whose mother just walked in on him! Help was needed, Mortars and rebel soldiers! I call them in and my team pour cover fire into the base, I detonate and run the hell out of there! The enemy also call reinforcements and I watch a major firefight ensue below me as I bug out in the chopper we had hidden. Just another nights work in Bolivia.That was one of many very fun experiences in single player, which is enhanced even more in co-op. All you need is 3 friends (or 3 strangers who match your playstyle if like me you have no friends) and you're good to go. The game has built in voice comms if you don't have Discord of Teamspeak which is a nice addition. You can also fully split you're team in co-op as the game lets you go anywhere. But make sure the person you let drive off in a vehicle can actually drive as I've been run over quite a few times!Co-op is without doubt the best way to play this game as it gives you more freedom to carry out your ops as you want to and really helps when sneaking around as a freind using a drone can watch from above.This is a solid game and I highly recomend it, especially to anyone who loves Splinter cell, Ghost Recon or Farcry."
,Recommended,460930,30675958,Posted: 22 March,all,-=Odon-X=-,"Really enjoying this game, It runs really well on my mediocure machine (GTX 960 Ti). The gun play is fun, and the story is actually good if you read and watch all the intel clips you can pick up. Don't mind the weinies saying this game is frustrating, they just haven't figured out how to be tactical and use the game's mechanics to their advantage. I have not had any issures with connectivity either so it may be some folks just don't have their NAT type set properly. The views in this game are pretty breath taking with the fidelity and amount of detail that has been put into the world map.OVERALL: 8/10GRAPHICS: 9/10FUN (with friends 10/10) (without friends 7/10)If you like open world games and military style shooters this one is a must in my book."
76561198077193502,Recommended,460930,32697057,Posted: 23 June,all,ICA_nära,> I got spoted and i dont know why> I diddn't get spoted and i dont know whyghost recon in a nutshell
,Recommended,460930,31018155,Posted: 8 April,all,TomⒶrky,"Finishes the game on hardest difficulty without any UI  in 2-player coop.Was worth its money, eventhough maybe a bit too long (got bored thus only finished 3 branches and only started doing the 4th. However in coop and with my settings it was mostly a fun game. Keeping stuff like the minimap on makes the game much worse imo. We tried to ghost as much as we could and thus remain undetected.Can recommend it though if you are up for a challange and like sneaking. However, wouldent recommend buying the season pass as the missions in the main game seem to be sufficient to get fed up with the gameplay (mission design gunplay, cars etc.). Side missions will get boring even more quickly though. Stopped 100 %in after the 4th completed region."
,Recommended,460930,34162039,Posted: 10 August,all,TurtleMonkey,"Lots of fun with friends, but not terribly fun alone.I reccomend MAX difficulty. That makes me sound horrid, I know, but the game isn't really a challenge without that, or at the bare minimum turning off certain features of the minimap, like how it glows orange when enemies are nearby.One of the best, most alive open worlds in gaming, though sometimes the game pauses to load cells, which can be frustrating.Multiplayer has plenty of desync issues but when it works properly, is addictive and immensely fun."
,Recommended,460930,31309283,Posted: 22 April,all,VegetaGT [TURD],"Great game, just wish it was more than 4 players."
76561198061070118,Recommended,460930,30680964,Posted: 22 March,all,Hesitant Player,"I have been playing since day one, and sunk in hours of gaming that have made me regret going to work after. The game, either solo or with willing and cooperative team mates, is fun. The gunplay is top-notch with a neat array of attachments and camouflages to make any gun your own. There is a lot to collect around Bolivia, your area of operations, and you'll spend most of your time doing it; from gasoline convoys, to legends and files, or gun parts and straight-up guns.The missions are different, yet similar enough to get a grasp of what you'll need and need to do to complete them, especially if you stick around the tutorial area to learn them all. Most times, you're left to your devices on how to accomplish a mission, unless you're to remain undetected like in a handful of sequences, where stealth and evasion are key. Stealth is rather demanding, seeing as most enemies are buddied up and close enough to each other that you'll be using the sync shot mechanic a lot more than you'd think to stay undetected. If you want to go in guns blazing through the front gate of an unidad base, you're welcome to (just make sure you have a way out, and your team mates know what they're signing up for).As far as the multiplayer is concerned, pre-PVP, it's mostly alright. You'll meet some helpful folk, and lonewolf, no-mic, runs-you-over-with-a-car-and-leaves-you-for-dead-in-the-chopper-you-called-for-the-rest-of-the-team type people, but that's to be expected. They're people in a game, not the game itself. I try to compensate the abundent lack of weapon versatility in teams, since everyone seems to either run HTIs and MSRs or M203s, by choosing LMGs with a stealth SMG to meet whatever gaps we had to get a mission done. It's important to practice and get good with bullet physics, but we usually can't beat a mission 300 meters away from the objective, or blow everything to kingdom come. Maybe people don't switch things up because they're used to playing solo or with one other person; four unique people can do more than 2 people that do the same thing.I liked the story. I'm not really gonna say anything else, spoilers be damned, but people will always try to point out flaws and bash at anything anyone says so I'll leave it at that. I maxed out my player level after 24-30 hours of hopping between exploration and missions, finished the entire campaign within 70 hours and my skill trees after 2-3 more hours of skill point hunting between multiplayer sessions. I didn't speedrun the game, I just did what I felt like, mostly on my own time without any online/player help. When I'm on multiplayer, I just help others get where they need to go and make sure they get out of it alive. I don't mind redoing missions, through failure or request, but I'm a patient man, and not a lot of other people are. This game is as good as any other Open-World game, like Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, or Grand Theft Auto, and those were never perfect or suited to everyone's tastes. If you can play this game, go ahead and play it."
,Recommended,460930,30974747,Posted: 6 April,all,sollgart,Awessssome!
76561198044622929,Recommended,460930,31085042,Posted: 11 April,all,h8archt,Addictive. Really. Maybe it's just the SOF fan in me but I love it.Few cons though :Ocassional crashes.Could add more character camos..Driving physics is a joke.
76561198348229966,Recommended,460930,30948282,Posted: 4 April,all,I clean I clean,amzing game better then the division. combat is great and takes skill and is not just spam the driving in cars could use some  work but the motercycles drive great and so do the helecopters
76561198057846909,Recommended,460930,31009956,Posted: 7 April,all,otterdunkin,"Solid muthaf**king game. Exceedingly exciting for Tom Clancy fans! It was everything I wanted, for the franchise, since Ranibow Six: Vegas 2. Potienal was sought, and claimed.The only things I point out as ""bad qualities"" in a game are minor, but exist nonetheless. I had vast expectations for this game, and it met an overwhelming amount of them. 9.5/10"
76561198016857275,Recommended,460930,31191558,Posted: 16 April,all,niidarku,"Great game, luv playing it! Well done! How much more creative the community would get if the game had a Mission Editor! All in al I enjoy playing this game a lot! Keep up the good work!Thx.! :-)"
,Recommended,460930,30391588,Posted: 8 March,all,Uncle8ill,"Great game, great gameplay, satisfying bullet trajectory, if you land in a good multiplayer group this is a fantastic game."
76561198072557976,Recommended,460930,30395390,Posted: 8 March,all,AWM_darkhelmet,"It runs much better than it did im the betas. The game has gorgeous sights, and thtilling gameplay. Definitely worth the $60. Also the map is gigantic."
,Recommended,460930,33046573,Posted: 30 June,all,RIOT | Koalafied,"PLAYING BY YOURSELF IS NOT FUN, GET A FRIEND TO GET THIS AWESOME GAME BEFORE YOU PLAY IT.Honestly, this game made my summer. It's probably one of the best games i have played. The stealth feeling is great and the graphics brings the game to a whole new level. There are some bad things about the game, but alot more good things.-The driving mechanics makes me a bit sad. ( Planes and helicopters is good though )+The map is large and beautiful.-Unidad is annoying. (don't take it seriously)+Graphics is very nice.+Fun with (a) friend(s). If u don't have a friend please talk to your mom.-A little bit unfinishedBut i would rate this game 9/10."
76561198315258300,Recommended,460930,31528439,Posted: 3 May,all,OutDoorsMan,"Im loving this game a lot i like the gunplay, stealth, and beauty the game has to offer. The game is simple and fun with gorgeous landscapes to view from air, sea, and land. My one complaint i have at the moment is the optimization and how the game performs on pc. Its consistently stuttering making 60fps look more like 40, constant drops of 5-10 fps every 3-5 minutes depending on area. Turning down the setting helps some the main ones that i have found to have an impact are shadows and draw distance. Honestly i love the game but the stutering really breaks the immersion with any luck the devs will work out a way to solve these issues, it does seem to have improved since the beta. I bought the game on sale hesitant because of the known performance issues, i thoroughly enjoy this game exactly what i wanted. Solo play is fantastic which allows me to take each mission slow. Coop is great too but everyone ive played with is uncoordinated and rushs to finish so i stick to solo. The graphics are 9/10 for sure, gameplay 8/10, performance 7/10, and custimization 8/10. Overall this game is great with issues like performance/optimization.The developers behind the game shoud take some time and look at the animations for the motor bike, it is extremely choppy when you go to turn and that also is true for of vehicles like cars and trucks, as well Overall performance enhancements there are some areas where if you look in a certain spot the fps just tanks.Also occasionally i will scope in with magnified optic and fps will drop. There is also an issue with in not utilizing the gpu fully (ie 99%) and getting fps drops. I hope they can fix these issues and then the game will be far better in my opinion.PC specs: CPU: i7-6700, GTX 1070, 16 GB Ram"
,Recommended,460930,31157065,Posted: 15 April,all,The King in the North,"This game is really fun, let me make that perfectly clear, but there are a LOT of problems. Most of them are technical issues (glitches/bugs, crappy AI, broken mechanics). Until UbiSoft fixes these, I don't recommend buying this at full price. Wait until it's 20 bucks at most. If they ever fix the bugs, this could potentially be one of the best games of 2017.Enjoy one of the biggest and most beautiful open worlds I've ever seen, with all kinds of different ""biomes"" (for lack of a better word) in which you and up to three friends (or AI teammates if you're playing solo) team up against a ruthless drug cartel in any way you like. This game does not have a linear structure, so you can go wherever you want to do whatever you like and solve problems silently and precise or with overwhelming force and a hail of bullets. The choice is yours.I personally think the stealthy playstyle makes the game much more fun. Try to kill as few enemies as possible to complete objectives, plant explosives in a base with no one noticing, leave, and watch from a distance as the bombs go off. That kind of thing.This game is best played with friends. If you have no friends or none that play this game, you can join randoms. This is pretty hit and miss as you would expect, but after a couple of sessions I met some people that played the way I do and now we've become a team. The game is very supportive of finding friends to play with.All in all, the only consideration you must take before buying the game is; do I want a kind of broken but still fun game now, or do I wait to see if UbiSoft fixes the problems? Because of that, this recommendation comes with an asterisk."
76561198145473988,Recommended,460930,35275514,Posted: 28 September,all,Calpie14,"This game is fun, but repetitive.  I do enjoy it and it is absolutely beautiful to look at.  Steer clear of the DLC though.  And honestly, at this point, wait until it goes on sale.  I do recommend, but beware if you are not a fan of doing basically the same thing when a new area of the map has been opened."
76561198140722180,Recommended,460930,30398197,Posted: 8 March,all,Ebhar,"This game has hundreds of hours of content. That is amazing, I love the gun play however the vehicle control is weird but you get used to it. Over all the game is amazing and im happy with it.WHAT I AM NOT HAPPY WITH is the fact that on day one ubisoft has two dlc's planned out and they are selling the weapons and attachments in the store for real money. Ubisoft you need to calm down and stop being greedy. I feel like Ubisoft has dlc on day one becauce they kept that stuff out of the game to sell it later. DLC is not supposed to be there on day one! That just tells people you have been planning and probably making the DLC for a good while now and you didnt just put it in the base game.Otherwise this game is amazing and you should buy for sure."
76561198148440798,Recommended,460930,30377102,Posted: 7 March,all,RegularGamers,no issue so far
,Recommended,460930,30999527,Posted: 7 April,all,Steel_Physics™,Sadly no car horns but that´s ok.10/10Would honk again
,Recommended,460930,30488582,Posted: 13 March,all,jimbobslimbob,"Wildlands is a tactical third-person squad shooter set in a large open world to use as your playground. It plays as a mix between Farcry, Just Cause and The Division and features 4 player drop-in-out seamless co-op.The game features a lot of what you would expect - vehicles, guns, stealth, explosions, tactical mission planning, massive world to explore, unlocks and skill points. You are given a wealth of gadgets to help you in your missions which can be upgraded to your liking. The long distance sniper may want to invest some points to steady their aim and improve the drone's range and battery, where-as the commando may want improved bullet resistance, mines, C4 and more grenades. When playing in co-op, you can each specialise in a certain area to improve your team's effectiveness and playing to each individual's strengths. Some other noteworthy skills/features include the ability to call for reinforcements, request a mortar strike, summon vehicles, create diversions, use flares, thermal vision and much more. There is so many cool things to invest in that you are spoilt for choice and invariably want them all.Although perfectly playable in single player, the fun of this game is when you get a group of friends together for some co-op mayhem. The open-ended ""freeform"" gameplay allows you to approach missions in a number of different ways, depending on your play style. Nothing quite beats the feeling of a well planned ambush coming together when all 4 of your squad are coordinating the fight. Things invariably go terribly wrong too - and trying to claw your way back after a mess-up can be a challenge and rewarding experience too.Graphically it looks wonderful and the sound is also very well done. Controls are a bit of a mixed bag. On foot, things are largely fine - but vehicles suffer from a few issues. Wheeled vehicles all seem a little too ""slidey"" and the helicopter controls were clearly designed by Satan himself - they are dreadful. To actually be able to fly the thing without pulling my hair out, I had to look online, where I found an awesome explanation of how it works, how to actually control it and how insanely absurd it all is when other games can get this right so often (those interested, check out here:https://www.reddit.com/r/Wildlands/comments/5w7y8f/guide_how_to_pilot_the_helicopter/). These things you will eventually get used to, but in this day and age, you shouldn't have too. If the developers had put a little more thought into it then it could drastically improve your time with the game.The game also has a few latent bugs left over (which I am sure will get fixed over the coming months). Nothing *too* game breaking, for the most part. Although one nasty bug in particular plagued our co-op group, whereby a certain weapon unlock became completely inaccessible and required us all to start fresh new games (luckily this happened early on!). If such a thing had happened after 20+ hours of gameplay, I am sure my review would not be so kind. Mostly though, bugs are actually quite amusing - for instance: I was playing single player and was on the outskirts of a main story mission base. I invited a friend to join my game. As they did, the base exploded, completed the mission for me and alerted every enemy nearby. Weird, to be sure. Spazzing helicopters are also hilarious to watch.The story isn't much good either to be honest. But when the core of the game is all about free-form gameplay and doing things ""your way"", I can forgive this because it is simply really good fun.The bottom line: Great fun with 3 friends. Anyone that has wanted a co-op Farcry experience may find this right up their street. It's not perfect, but it is a hell of a lot of fun.Jimbo Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,30819221,Posted: 29 March,all,wez,"Usually I dont write reviews... I think this is my first one and probably the last one as well. Probably because I'm not native and because I think no one will read it, ever :) But I feel like I owe writting one to this game and Ubisoft. Every one is hating Ubisoft these days and I really think they do not deserve this. They made, in my humble opinion, one of the best COOP game ever! This game is absolutelly awesome. I have never had so much fun in simple COOP game like in this one!There is one BUT... DO NOT EXPECT THIS GAME TO SERVE YOU FUN ON A GOLD PLATE! Hope it makes sense... :) This game is like Hitman. And I think everyone who gave this game thumb down didn't realize that... or have 0 fantasy. Do not play this game alone. Playing with bots will make you swear like a 10 years old baby and will make you hate the game! Bots are useless AF... Find a friend a play this game together (one friend is enough - you dont need 3). Set the game on highest difficulty, turn off crosshair and HUD (if you are ready for hardcore ;)) and get ready for the fun! Me and friend of mine also decided to use silencers only on handguns (this brings another level of fun to the game as well!). It is really boring if you have the best assault rifle silenced and you can kill the entire camp from distance, using scope...Missions in this game... You ahve many options how to finish the mission. Game will never tell you how to do it. Use your freaking imagination. Have you ever seen military movie?!! If you rush the camp, shot everyone with silencer and then pick up the objective... of course it is boring after 30th mission! Is it also how you play Hitman? I bet not... Few examples:1. We were supposed to blow up submarine... It was somewhere in the middle of the see (or whatever). We killed literally noone! My friend, using the drone were spectating the area and telling me where the enemy is. I was swimming to the submarine, without being noticed, planted C4 and got back - again with anyone seeing me. Then we blowed up submarine from distance and left the zone. Mission completed and enjoyed the mission AF!2. We were supposed to enter the building and intimidate one guy... Again we could shot everyone, go there and press E to intimidate that guy. But we didnt. Using the chopper we parachuted on the roof of the building, again without being spotted and waited for the correct moment to drop down and mess up little bit the guy! While my friend was talking to that guy I was giving him cover and spectating the area. Then we left again without killing anyone.Every mission can be unique! It is all up to your creativity.This game is awesome! It looks freaking amazing. I didn't finish the game yet but so far the story is great! If you are ready to use your imagination do not hesitate and buy the game! If not, do not hate this game just because you are useless fu*k.@Ubisoft: If you can find this and read it... Thank you very much! I think you made best COOP game ever and didnt regret I spent 90€ for your game for a single second! And trust me... there are games where I did (even less €)."
,Recommended,460930,30567291,Posted: 17 March,all,WoundedKnee,lol i gave this game a negative review during beta test
76561197971165174,Recommended,460930,30659248,Posted: 21 March,all,.ArNiKs,good game... more fun in coop
76561198009747823,Recommended,460930,30496625,Posted: 13 March,all,Steve,Fantastic game - just play it! :)
,Not Recommended,460930,31891724,Posted: 21 May,all,ColdOne,after 2 hours of constantly changing settings just trying to get a stable FPS i gave up and refunded the game. The game itself is very good and real fun to play with friends but i cant leave a thumbs up when you need a crazy good computer just to run the game at medium settings. i have an i5-4670K and a gtx 970 so not the best of Pcs but i can run pretty much any other new game at medium settings or higher at 60+ fps.Overall Good game bad optimization
,Recommended,460930,31019334,Posted: 8 April,all,zTommy,"Great game, the only thing I can say is that it get boring after a while."
,Recommended,460930,31633461,Posted: 8 May,all,thegreathah,"One of the best open world shooters available. Sure, it is repetitive at points, but if you pay attention to the story it is somewhat interesting.The mechanics are really fantastic, the gunplay is superb. Just wish it had the advanced tech like Future Soldier..."
,Recommended,460930,30405057,Posted: 9 March,all,The Word-Mule,"I'm not someone who grew up with Ghost Recon. Wildlands is the first Ghost Recon game I've ever played. I can't tell you whether or not this is a good Ghost Recon game. I can tell you, however, that it is a fantastic game, particularly if you enjoy tactical espionage action. Some elements of the gameplay are rough, but it's obvious to see how much care and attention to detail the developers put into the parts that they thought were important, like the stealth, the weapon and character customization, the landscapes, the gunplay, the setting options, or the enemy AI. It's all extremely fun to play when everything is going well. I highly recommend playing on the highest difficulty."
76561198202416314,Recommended,460930,30882109,Posted: 1 April,all,bdp2007,Game is Awsome!
,Not Recommended,460930,32072614,Posted: 30 May,all,Koucp,"There's so much potential in these games, but the devs don't ever meet it."
,Recommended,460930,31623406,Posted: 8 May,all,XOdiAC_XSYCHO,"i belong to that group of people who loved DIVISION for what it was. it was a western take on RPG. no matter what, i'll always support tom clancy's game, whether it is R6S or wildlands.these are diverse in genre yet they are so familiar.we know this isn't the kind of ghost recon game we are used to, but this modern take on this is no far less than the previous installemnts.loved the gunsmith and character customization tbh!!its an addictive, fun, chaotic mess of a game. i just love it for what it is !!GR:wildlands is my fav game of 2017 by far !!a must buy..specially on sale !!(fun-fact: its the biggest map ubisoft ever made !!)"
,Recommended,460930,30503967,Posted: 14 March,all,42nd|Watch Dog [MP OIC],"Best Ghost Recon so far. The realism is great, the eny is a little easy to kill but I get the concept as to why. Its got a MGS:V vibe which isnt bad. Love the day and night cycles and how the eny react to it as well. Attacked a COP and watched the COP go to the Mess Hall to eat then go back to their posts  and then walked to their tent and went to sleep and we got away with the truck because most of the COP was sleeping. I havent seen that in a game in a really long time. Where the AI reacts realisticly to the enviornment, not just to the player but the enviornment as well.Just watch out for Uplay, it deleted my save... So I had to start over. But it hasnt been a bad restart I guess..."
,Recommended,460930,30504214,Posted: 14 March,all,GiddyGunner,It is kind of broken but still badassthere are some things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me off like not bieng able to shoot from bikes but still i love this game 8.5/10
76561198176505429,Recommended,460930,32750868,Posted: 24 June,all,Lion King Gamer,Ghost Recon Wildlands is a great game however sometimes it gets too repetitive I would prefer more variety in collecting supplies or doing raids to upgrade rebel abilities I am not sure if I would like it if changing your appearance affects enemies visibility of you but I like my personalzation so 50/50 on it CO-OP is fun and working together is awesome if Usbisoft has another Ghost Recon game idea in the future I hope they do something similar like this or add more DLC
76561198212701061,Recommended,460930,30474730,Posted: 12 March,all,Bam Bam,"I LOVE THIS GAME. Started off a little rocky with performance issues, but once I updated all my nvidia drivers, updated the game, and moved the game files to my ssd, I haven't had any issues since. Yes you will eventually run out of things to do after you clear all missions, side missions, and other random world crap, but that is no different from any other game. 30+ hrs in and I still have alot of content left. If you are considering buying this game just go for it. Do not get caught up in the bandwagon trend of ""hating"" on ubisoft games. I give credit where credit is due, this is a good game."
,Recommended,460930,30601012,Posted: 18 March,all,Ruby the Wolf,"A pretty good game. Nothing groundbreaking but nothing terrible. If you're expecting a ""hardcore"" (god I ♥♥♥♥ing hate that term when used in reference to a video game) shooter, look elsewhere. If you want to have a fun TPS and explore, pick it up. I just implore you not to jump on the ""this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥>:((((("" bandwagon, or the ""this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing"" bandwagon. Formulate your own opinion of it, based on YOUR experiences with the game."
76561198014841421,Recommended,460930,32954674,Posted: 28 June,all,GloryInChaos,Great game
,Recommended,460930,30913381,Posted: 2 April,all,nixnax69,"I want to make this short - love the game, driving ain't the best but it's fine, looks amazing, lot's of different biomes.I would definitely recommend this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,460930,30400581,Posted: 8 March,all,Moosey,This game is amazing so farm I have only had to problems one of then being NAT offline but that is ubisofts problem. Than my second complaint is the game sometimes likes to freeze for 5 seconds then its gone usually happens when im driving and in gun fights. I run 90 fps fine on very high i dont know what the problem is.
76561198040638662,Recommended,460930,30400412,Posted: 8 March,all,Rekka1212,Its called GTArmaDivisionOnline.  at FarCrysisWithfriendsDotCom
,Recommended,460930,30843957,Posted: 30 March,all,Lazer Uses Vlone,Whats Bhilling my dude this♥♥♥♥♥♥lit a f. This dude a truuuuuuuuu Pyru on the set. the bartel acting brazy mayne shii be poppin off like we is in bompton
76561198143099409,Recommended,460930,30856197,Posted: 31 March,all,I dont speak Putin...,"To put it simple, Its the gunplay we wanted with The Division but here its set in bolivia, stunning graphics and great story, maybe a litle bit repetetive misions but playing on the harder difficulty will spice it up, 7/10 Maybe wait for a steam sale or so"
,Recommended,460930,30892451,Posted: 1 April,all,Dataslak,"When you start mastering the driving/piloting, unlock some weapons and realize the ambitions of the developers, you will realize what an amazing game this is! Try varying your play style, and the game opens up. Very good writing. Recommend spending some time testing weapons, finding your favorites, learning to use all the items (grenades+mines+lures+flashbangs+flares+more), and jack up the difficulty when you feel the enemy is too tough.The game can kill you in frustrating ways some times. But if you can forgive the game the stupid things that can happen, you'll love it when it shines."
76561198039116606,Recommended,460930,30951847,Posted: 4 April,all,Rueben,I have played this game a lot. I is everything I wanted the division to be. You have the freedom to attack almost every objective anyway you chose. The deaths and the fights are fair. It takes a little bit of thinking to crack the tougher eggs.
,Recommended,460930,30632991,Posted: 20 March,all,Zeer0,"TLDR-8/10 Go get it.Ghost Recon Willands is a amazing game that has a somewhat intresting plot,fun gameplay and a vast open world to explore. The game features a massive open world where you take down the santa blanca cartel in any way you want anywhere on the map. It allows great free flow as it makes you feel as the master of your own domain. Couple this with multiple collectiables such as weapons,attachments,mementos,audio files and more allows you to always be hunting for or finding somthing. Add fun gameplay with shooting and stealth with optional side missions (that get quite stale as they are all cookie cuttered) and you get a really great game. Overall i would give Wildlands a 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,31068150,Posted: 10 April,all,-=312th=- mayko_88,"allright you ♥♥♥♥ers over at Ubi or wutever the ♥♥♥♥. The game ahs more problems and gltiches now then at launch?Please test your games BEFORE you sell them to the public.Your gettin $$$ from pre-orders, just ♥♥♥♥in bite the bullet and pay ur testers OT or increase their pay. Quit applying corp capitalist practices to your endgame. No one gives a ♥♥♥♥ if ur shareholders are happy, just give us a finished product that is worth $60-$100 that you charged..Console gaming wouldnt be a thing if Mario on the NES was a glitch filled nightmare. Just do your damn jobs, its kinda pathetic that 2-4 person dev teams are making games better than what your AAA funding can churn out.Sooner or later the gamers will just pass on your titles because you have everything to do with their development.I mean its a hit and playable and awesome, but now im starting to feel like that was an accident.and fix the A.I. for shiites sake, why include all that foliage canopy if the enemy has x-ray vision and sees right through your fps clogging ""Nvidia foliage""? yall are gettin too excited with that pre-order money imo."
,Recommended,460930,30437867,Posted: 10 March,all,NDDB丶Sl&yar,"Well, I guess aftrr slaying 6 cartel thugs head of in about 9 hours I could really make a review on this. To make it easy for everyone to see, ill just make a Pro and Cons list.PRO's丶This game has a MASSIVE map, id say three or four times of gtav丶This game has lots of things to do, unlike gtav online which is so boring after you bought all the cars you can and done all the mission you can丶This game has a easy to learn combat system(i played all kinds of fps and by far it is the best game ive played)丶This games stalking and recon systems are also done extremely well, there is almost 0 bugs丶This game has a very good envoronment, when your playing the game it really puts you as operators in a brutal South American country to take out thugsCON's丶This game is very expensive丶The dlc's in game such as face color and skins are also very expensive丶This game can run at least if you have a gtx960 video card(I use gtx 1060)丶This game will need you to find real-life teammates and use mics to talk with them in order to do missions faster丶The AI's on both sides are sometimes very dull丶This game requires uplay, which will be hard to sign up in regions like ChinaSUMMARY:To sum it up, I mostly recommend this game, very very much, however , I do not agree it is ubi's best sandbox game, I believe steep is(in my heart).Hope you liked my review, p.s. this game will be very easy if you have played any ubi game before, such as watch_dogs."
,Recommended,460930,30562901,Posted: 16 March,all,chrisdevincentis914,"This is your definition of a solid 7.There is nothing mind-blowing or innovative about Ghost Recon Wildlands, but it's a solid game that works and really scratches that open world shooter itch (at least for me)The game is structured nearly identical to Metal Gear Solid V, so it comes with both that games pros and its cons.It's a huge beautiful open world filled with enemy outposts that you can approach tactically in a number of ways. Go in with a helicopter guns blazing or sit back and pick off targets with your drone and your synch shot.There is plenty of customization and gear to unlock, which helps keep things interesting as new weapons and gadgets increase the variety iof ways n which you can take down foes. There are tons of side missions scattered around the huge open world to collect supplies which are vital to upgrading your skills and upgrades for your rebel support.However that is pretty much it and like MGS V while fun and tactical the game does get repetitive. Now I managed to get 40 hours out of it and thats not including the betas and frankly I could still go for more, but I can definitely see how it could get repetitive sooner for others, it will really depend on how much of an itch you have to play an open world tactical shooter.Other things to note would be the incredibly mundane story and dialouge which is so platitudiness and vacuous it is almost a parody of itself.The driving in the game isnt great either, very arcadey. Also as a solo player I wish there was more control over your AI squadmates, but the synch shot is pretty satisfying.All in all GR:Wildlands is a solid mechanically sound game set in a beautiful open world bogged down by a generic story and a structurally repetitive framework. I played solo but I am sure that playing co-op would add a whole new layer of depth and fun to the game7/10"
76561198080700891,Recommended,460930,30679449,Posted: 22 March,all,CROOOOW!,"An elaborate anti-drug PSA, proving that its way more fun to systematically headshot everyone in a cartel from a bust than it is to be a member of said cartel…"
,Recommended,460930,30579059,Posted: 17 March,all,Tomstah King O' Rebels,"Llama Hunting Simulator 201711/10""Would shoot llamas with a missile pod mounted helicopter again."""
,Recommended,460930,30979147,Posted: 6 April,all,Catweedle,"If I told you, I'd have to kill you."
,Recommended,460930,32747434,Posted: 24 June,all,MangoesAreOk,Just Cause + Far Cry + Grand Theft Auto = This amazing gameBut seriously the campaign is a thrill all the way through with hours upon hours of side missions so you will never run out of things to do. I am almost eighty hours in and still have not come any where near getting through this game. The weapons are each unique and the attachments can take an assault rifle from CQB to long ranged combat in an instant. Not only this but hunting down the attachments and raiding bases and camps for parts and upgrades is an absolute blast. All in all I would highly recomend this game to anyone who enjoys a thrilling story and then hours upon hours of gameplay afterwards.11/10 would fight off Unidad for an hour again.
76561198356115228,Recommended,460930,30384017,Posted: 7 March,all,α∂αм,"Great game so far, loving it."
76561197990979599,Recommended,460930,30387258,Posted: 8 March,all,Thamer,good game my only issue is the fps even with 1 or x2 1080  fps drops alot
76561198144503825,Recommended,460930,30389354,Posted: 8 March,all,GreatScott424,Overall the game is fine. Could it be better? Of course it could be. The AI are kind of dumb. The single player experience I found to be fun but sometimes repetitive.  Wait till a sale.
76561198283791942,Recommended,460930,30371970,Posted: 7 March,all,NinjaZombieClown,"The game has had some major patches since the betas. I can say before the full release i was wary about the performance of the game. I can say now that i have played the full release im murdering with out being stopped, and my mates and I cant be happier! This game is my new favorite next to CS"
76561198020603942,Recommended,460930,30381959,Posted: 7 March,all,OG Slav ☭,"I have a GTX 960 2GB only, and the game plays on high settings, so the game is really optimized, and i played the beta, it was amazing, i have really high hopes for this game, don't fail me Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,460930,30383981,Posted: 7 March,all,Big Knife,10/10 would make fun of the airforce again.
,Recommended,460930,30368256,Posted: 6 March,all,Unown294,"I’m gonna through my hat in the ring and just say this. Were aware that this isn’t a “Typical stealth tactical game"" like that of Splinter Cell (which I played back in the days I wasn’t a PC Gamer) or Metal gear solid. But for some to say the game is bad on PC is an understatement. For start the graphics alone are enough to make one play the game, with a draw distance that holds detail at over 5km is a feat in technological achievement on its own. I mean the shots that me and my friends pull off in the beta were stunning. That isn’t saying that it’s impossible to not pull of the total stealth zones without being detected, it’s just seems like the game wants you to do the arcade/stealth aspect. I’m just going to say this, if you plan to go stealth, HAVE A PLAN AND GOOD RELIABLE FRIENDS. If not one slip up will cost you going stealth and then turning into a balls to the walls gun shoot out (god damn is unidad annoying when it gets to that point)Now is this game for single player, no and I wouldn’t recommend it for just that (but I don’t mean that Single player is bad I’m just saying that’s not what the game was designed for), but with a group of friends the possibilities are endless. And I will say Ubisoft hit the nail on that alone. Sure by the reviews from the beta, tagging enemies with a drone makes it easier but this is the 21st century. We’re using drones to track people in Iraq and I don’t see an issue with a game that is actually up to date with drone’s usages so far (quad copters is what I’m referring to). Also I found it much easier to be stealthy and distract enemies much like that with the camera from Splinter Cell’s conviction.Many other reviews from the beta section of the game were in response to camera issues and control issues. Camera issues and all the wonky controls are just something that is unique to each game. GTA had them, Red dead redemption had them, and nearly all games have some camera issues of some sort. My saying is either get used to them or deal with it, or if it’s that big of a deal then just stop playing the game and try to get a refund. I mean really control that you can even bind and setup custom controls to your keyboard are a thing these days. Take the time to set them up if it bothers you that bad. I tend to set the controls similar to that of Fallouts controls, but this is because I’m familiar with that games controls and I bet you can do the same for a game similar to your gaming preferences.I will also say this, the game takes a demanding PC to run at high. Latency issues with players are an issue, but knowing from running gaming servers this takes time to weed out as some changes to game mechanics and even missions can cause uncontrollable lag. I don’t expect the launch to be 100% bug free but it’s not gonna be as bad as when GTA V Online released back in 2013. But if you want to run the game at high or ultra, then take in to consideration if your setup will handle to load. I know the minimum specs are for a system that is of late 2011, but that’s the minimum specs to just play the game and not give a damn about graphics. If you want to check my specs on my profile feel free to, but I ran this game on my main PC and was able to average 57 fps on high. Not bad at all, but maybe with a GTX 1070 and the new Ryzen AMD or Intel i7 series, I could pull that off with an Ultra graphics with possibly 60+ FPS.That being said here’s what I think and what people should take into consideration. If you want a game that you and your friends could play in Open-world, Co-op missions and want stunning graphics that you’re capable of running on a great (and I mean like $800-$1000 machines here) machine, then get the game. If you’re not able to meet that then I can say you'll be disappointed like many of the reviewers giving the beta a bad review based upon 1.5 hours of gameplay and assumptions from previous games.If I had to give it a score I’d give it an 8.5/10, and if Ubisoft continues support (much like it does for the division) then I’ll rate it a 9/10. Yes Ubisoft has made screw ups in the past, but with the release of wildlands I can only hope the company continues to make games as good, if not better than wildlands in the future. And if they can I can see the community possibly forgiving them for the day when Ubisoft made games that were buggy as hell.Time in beta: 10.5 hrsTime in GR:Wildlands: well have to wait and see after the first 30 hours"
,Recommended,460930,30749763,Posted: 26 March,all,Salmanz,"my top game this year <33 hope they make it harder, more tactical and challenging"
76561198021729942,Recommended,460930,30414260,Posted: 9 March,all,WarMachine,"It's a mix of Division, Just Cause and Far Cry in my opinion - huge open world. The cool thing about this game is you can pretty much do as you please activity wise. Realism is lacking a bit with regards to ballistics/ disappearing bodies (happens quick enough during some raids that the other targets won't react). However, very fun/ satisfying for those like I who prefer to explore the towns/ side mission style. 4/5 , 5/5 if a patch teaked the aforementioned realism. (Oh and the graphics are outstanding on GTX1060)."
,Recommended,460930,30403395,Posted: 8 March,all,ComradePooch,Wait for a sale. Other wise its a really good game
,Not Recommended,460930,32745071,Posted: 24 June,all,Harrada,"Starts off great when everything is fun and new, then nose dives straight down to boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,460930,30486085,Posted: 12 March,all,⎝Lage⎠,"Short short reveiw:Good game, but at the same time very very repetetive. 2-3 hours per 24 hours at the most.I am not sure I wanna recommend this game or not. At least the graphic is very spectacular. But the gameplay story missions etc is almost the same over and over again. Perhaps PVP when  that  comes can be more attractive.Buy it if you feel for it - lol"
,Not Recommended,460930,31570605,Posted: 5 May,all,Joe Wish a Ma'Fucka Would Biden,"Same missions over and over again, complete borefest. Thought it would get better, but like the cancer this is, it just got more aggressive and severe."
,Recommended,460930,30385004,Posted: 7 March,all,Toma_Hawkk,"Better graphics than the beta. Recommend playing on Advanced or higher difficulty. Game is nothing like the Division, Wildlands is more realistic. A couple shots from AI and youre dead and well placed shots on AI and they are dead. Really need to play tactically to complete missions because run and gun on hard or higher mode will get you killed quick."
,Recommended,460930,32872515,Posted: 27 June,all,Grimlock,Good Game.I Love It
76561198307304237,Recommended,460930,33205683,Posted: 3 July,all,Ethanyeah,"7.5/10The game is fun to play at first, the story is pretty interesting. But the game lacks variety in some ways, missions are pretty much the same, only maps are different. The two new DLCs had new elements added (car racing, drifting, etc). But the main quests didn't change much. Just same stuff on different maps."
,Recommended,460930,30371405,Posted: 7 March,all,WildcatMEOW,Awesome game
,Recommended,460930,30371419,Posted: 7 March,all,JDAM,"Ubisoft didn't fail outright and the game is rather fun. Like they always do though, they made a good game that needs some serious polishing/patching.CONS:-The vehicle physics are whack and none of them are fun to drive.-The game is somehow really pretty and yet some of the textures are straight out of NBA Live 2000 (they suck).-When you switch reticle types in the red dot that shows the reticle selection knob ON the physical item, the nob doesn't switch position when the reticle does. I know this is small, but a game about details that features so many small items from the real gun world, this is important.-Shallow non-cutscene dialogue. The PCC and NPC dialogue is like 2 total lines that are repeated over and over. Get ready for a ""shitballs"" every 9 seconds.PROS:-Bullet drop.-Sexy sound effects.-Lots of guns and customization.-You aren't forced into spending money on in-game items.-It's hella mad fun to play this with your pals."
76561198213163157,Recommended,460930,30452581,Posted: 11 March,all,lil bounce,good game just needs some bug fixes
,Recommended,460930,30379195,Posted: 7 March,all,Dab on it wagwan x,"First impressions:So far so good. Here are some of (my personal) pros and cons:Pros:- Squad AI is pretty good, the sequence shooting feels pretty stellar, and even though this is probably a design flaw, I like you can just walk through your squad.- Helicopter controls are good. Easy to control and doesn't feel clunky (this goes for the normal driving too)- You can opt in for guns blazing, or genuine stealth. It's not over if you blow your cover accidentally.- Storyline is stellar (again, only four hours in)- Open world, feels more like an RPG, there are multiple ways to progress and multiple requirements for those progressions- There's a decent amount to do, one minute you can be driving to the story mission, then you'll find an enemy settlement where you can steal helicopters, intel etc for personal progression.- Game on Ultra, along with the general scenary looks beautiful.- Unidad officers make this game a ♥♥♥♥♥ at times. (Yes, I find this a pro, makes the game more difficult, and the cop system is more intellegent).- Map is pretty massive.Cons:- Optimization is good, but there's a lot left to desire. Nvidia still haven't released drivers for this game as of yet.- Gameplay, a lot of the story is grab intel, go in there kill a few guys. I can feel this overtime getting repetitive, however as of now I'm still enjoying it.- There's no real penalty for dying.- Could potentially cause an issue with people with a lower spec PC. I'm running a I7 6700K, 16GB DDR4 2666MHz, GTX 1060 rig. However CPU usage on the game alone is 30%ish, I'm currently using 60% RAM (however I do have chrome and multiple tabs) and I'm running it smoothly 60FPS on very high. Ultra is a no no.However, overall. This game is good."
,Recommended,460930,30378532,Posted: 7 March,all,Steve,"I wasnt really expecting much when i heard about this game, so my expecations for this game were very low. And so when i started to play this game i was suprised at what it offered. The optimzation for this game is alright. This game is really what i wanted, a chill game to pick up and shoot some mexicans. The game mechanics are eazy to get use to like the over sensitive veehicles or the awkard flying but after awhile u will get use to it. Thia game is clearly not for everyone its like if farcry has sex with the divison and gtav. All in all its a fun a entertaining game and i would recommend this to anyone that wants a casual/arcade type shooter to play with some friends. I would rate it a 7/10"
76561198264200758,Recommended,460930,32990623,Posted: 29 June,all,Rytokles,"Kind of reminds me of Far Cry 4. Cool wacky bad guys, large open map. Also, fair warning, a bit repetitive. I liked that though, it gives you time to hone your skills."
76561198022110959,Recommended,460930,30394040,Posted: 8 March,all,SUPERCUBAN007,AMAZING
,Recommended,460930,30955340,Posted: 4 April,all,patrick star,This is a fun game to play with friends or by yourself.
,Recommended,460930,30952594,Posted: 4 April,all,Cat iz 4 Fite,"Wildlands is the latest in Ubisoft's many open world games. And while it does things expected of their typical formula, it also has a variety of ways that make the game feel quite different. At a cursory glance you still have a vast map (perhaps the largest Ubisoft have crafted) which quickly will become populated with a variety of things to do. Intel can be found that pinpoints things such as supply drop, convoy, and other kinds of missions. Major intel files of course are connected to the narrative. You can also collect fuel, food, and other supplies that will aid the rebels in combating the santa blanca cartel.  Among the other things to find and collect are weapon and accessory cases. These can be fun and challenging to collect, however I felt no real need to deviate much from the AR and Sniper rifle I became accustomed to using.The game does offer a decent selection to choose from that can accomodate a variety of play styles. You have Assault rifles, Light machine guns, Sniper rifles as well as unlockables like mines, grenade launchers, etc. In addition to weapon customization there are also extensive customization options for your character.Due to the sheer size of the game world, it does feature fast travel as well as plenty of vehicles to get to where you need to go. You can pilot boats, planes, and choppers as well as drive trucks, armored vehicles, and dirt bikes. The vehicle mechanics don't end there as you can pop out of windows to use your guns, or fire from a chopper. The vehicles all generally handle pretty well, though some of the cars and trucks do feel a bit too floaty.The narrative kind of takes a back seat to everything else as it places most of its focus on other elements. It needs to be said that the game is better suited to a co-op experience. If your looking for a single player story driven game you may be a bit disappointed here. There is enough story to give context to what your doing, but it never reaches the same highs you get from playing in a squad with 3 other buddies.As this is a Ubisoft game, yes there are bugs, and plenty of them. However they never really soured the overall experience and were more of an annoyance than anything. They aren't as bad as other Ubisoft games to be fair. Most of them could be described as getting hung up on odd bits of geometry, or stupid AI.Take for instance the one scenario a few friends and I found ourselves in. We were tasked with extracting a medical truck from a Unidad base. Upon getting the truck to the drop off point, they received credit for the quest while I did not. Unidad swarmed the location and created such a cluster**** that they literally ran over one of their own men, which raised their alert level. This is just one example of the kinds of stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥that can lead to hillarious moments in the game when even the best laid plans go horribly awry.That being said Unidad is the worst mechanic in the game. Unidad are essentially the bolivian army and function much like they do in games like GTA. However what makes them so damned frustrating is that they linger in an area for far too long. Then there is the fact that they show up with such annoying frequency that it breaks the pacing of the game. Even if you hide in an area while they are patrolling and can't locate you, they won't actually give up until you try to move out of the area. Its a 'far cry' (see what I did there) from other games with stealth mechanics (i.e. Metal Gear).Wildlands lists a GTX 660 or 680 iirc as the minimum GPU to run this game. I run it on an i5 with a GTX 750 ti SC (2gb of Vram). It isn't as well optimised as other games. So bear in mind that if you only have 2gb of Vram you will probably have to turn texture resolution down to low. Other than that the game runs fine save for some stuttering when traveling in vehicles across the map from what I assume to be region transitions. The netcode needs work as well. My friends who have better connections than me have dropped/crashed inexplicably.Finally I have said it before about Ubisoft games on PC, but requiring Uplay to run in addition to Steam is stupid as hell. DRM on top of DRM just eats up system resources that could be better spent on actually running the game. Ultimately Wildlands is not a perfect game, but it is an enjoyable one especially if you have a squad of 3 friends that you can play with. Its not the game's narrative that will hook you. Its the narrative that you and your friends will craft during the many hours the game has to offer."
76561198077518891,Recommended,460930,30396640,Posted: 8 March,all,Blitzraider,"So far it's an amazing game, I played the hell out of the open beta and the full game is fantastic, the controls are surprisingly smooth. Driving/flying is a lot of fun once you get used to the controls and even though you cannot do burnouts you can pull the sickest 180s I have ever seen in a game, all in all its definitely worth the pricetag."
76561198077059734,Recommended,460930,30397142,Posted: 8 March,all,✪ Agge,"Ghost Recon Wildlands... Just like No Man's Sky, Just Cause 3, Fallout 4, the list goes on with these in my opinion 'too' hyped games. Like every other game its just a game that developers have put a lot of work into. And of course Ubisoft is gonna get hate but thats because they are such a big game development company. I think u should it ignore all that and think about how many goods things and details there is in these kind of games instead..."
76561198139416716,Not Recommended,460930,31285636,Posted: 21 April,all,Verax,"I have these specs and the game played badly, even with some settings turned down.  I got momentary frame drops to as low as 30 and occasionally it would stick and just be low fps around 30.  I really wanted to play and enjoy this game, but I don't think that's acceptable.tldr:  These specs for regular fps drops, occasionally hanging at 30 fps:i7 6700k16gb ddr4nvidia 1070 8gbNot good enough.  Refunded."
76561198015798613,Not Recommended,460930,32371886,Posted: 12 June,all,commander 31,"This game is like a home-made dinner for four people made with great ingredients by a person who doesn't know how to cook. and worse, isn't willing to learn. the DLC are tantamount to scraps left from said dinner being used the morning after for a breakfast that will poison the eater. don't buy this game."
76561198080131094,Recommended,460930,30392360,Posted: 8 March,all,drinka1515,is gud! ^
76561198007044707,Recommended,460930,30396533,Posted: 8 March,all,chadsct458,"Great game, Similar to Division but with more variety. The controls on the vehicles could have some improvements but overall a solid 3rd/1st person shooting type game."
,Recommended,460930,30396552,Posted: 8 March,all,elelunicy,"A huge, varied world that blows competitors out of water. Would recommend even if it doesn't have gameplay, just for the ""virtual tourism"" factor."
76561198097839842,Recommended,460930,30397939,Posted: 8 March,all,[KRAG] Bird,"TLDR: If you like games like Skyrim and and Fallout 4 because you like exploring epic open worlds get this game. If you like games like that for story maybe pass. Oh and it’s co-op so if you have friends this game is even better.This game is fun even in single player. I have never played any other Ghost Recon Games so that's probably why I like this one so much. The game is more fun in co-op with friends but there is an entire section of the skill tree devoted to leveling up your AI for single player so the solo experience was not overlooked. There have been improvements from the beta and the higher difficulties do provide a challenge. If you like open world games, co-op or stealth this game is epic. The story is somewhat lacking but that’s not why you play this game.Pros:1. Open World is epic.2. Graphics are good enough.3. Gunplay is really fun.4. Vehicles are aiight.Cons:1. Price is a bit high.2. Some problems and glitches (but Fallout 4 had those problems and it is epic too).3. Story is not explored very well and promotes the US’s terrible foreign policy. I’ll feel better if the sequel has you fighting the rebels because that’s how this situation would end in real life. (political rant over)."
,Recommended,460930,30398607,Posted: 8 March,all,Valiant_One,"PROS:+ Satisfying weapons simulation+ Shooting in total just works great+ Incredibly huge world+ Amazing multiplayer experience, with emergent game play+ Love all the weapon unlocks and the Weaponsmith+ Rich atmosphere+ Knock out graphics (if you have the hardware)CONS:- PC Flight Controls are awful- Squad AI needs work- Can get a bit boring when playing single player- Bullet Drop is a bit too severe- Still a bit buggy- Micro-transactions for in game goodiesAll and all, an amazing ""Go visit foreign lands, meet interesting new people, and kill them"" simulation. Off the charts multiplayer experience, with incredible emergent game play scenarios. Shooting is very satisfying, with immediate feedback present. Easy customization of HUD Elements to make the game  into more of a difficult military tac-ops simulation.Some for the most fun I have had playing a game in my 35 years of video gaming (multiplayer)."
,Recommended,460930,30377479,Posted: 7 March,all,Pajama Samuel™,"4690k overclocked to 4.7 ghz, 1080 sli, game is almost unplayable with sli enabled (extream stuttering, flashing backgrounds, etc.).With SLI disabled, i got ~50-75 fps on medium settings with medium draw distance.This is at 1440p.Ill rebuy when on sale at a later date when they hopefully have the performance issues worked out.Recommended if you dont mind the performance issues."
,Recommended,460930,30389487,Posted: 8 March,all,The Dark Lord,"This game replaces the bullet-spongy enemies and the monotonous corridor shooting of The Division, and revamps it into an open-world set smack in the middle of Bolivia with lots of foliage and vegetation, and where enemies are deadly.A must-buy for both the casual gamer and the military tactitian!WARNING: This game DOES have microtransactions. However, most can be unlocked through regular game progression and collectables, and doesn't take a stupidly long time to do so. Stay away from them, and play the game as it should be played."
,Recommended,460930,31248573,Posted: 19 April,all,JadeGames,"The graphics are amazing, The best I've ever seen. Its very fun but I could see it getting repetative, though I still recommend it."
76561198201271111,Not Recommended,460930,34621861,Posted: 30 August,all,Tuman,"18th. frankly to say, it is okay but not funny enough for most players, so if u have enough free time, just have a try."
,Recommended,460930,30403252,Posted: 8 March,all,TheDrunkDoc.Sʐ,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands is a nice combination of, The Division's open world map, splinter cell's stealth, with battlefields vehicles and ballistics, this was a nice touch and came together amazingly well. This game changed Ubisofts Reputation of terrible servers and games in general. They finally got it right!"
,Recommended,460930,30768800,Posted: 27 March,all,TimeisSatan,Amazing
76561198032045207,Not Recommended,460930,32248010,Posted: 7 June,all,Cementhead1,"This has amzing potential to be good, but it isn't. It's an incredibly long exercise in repitition, and even on the highest difficulty, it still feels easy. The only way the difficulty increases is by enemy damage and detection range. And I love OP weapons as much as the next guy, but one-shotting infinite helicopters is a little ridiculous. If you want a Ubisoft made Farcry-GTA hybrid, then go ahead, buy this game, more power to ya', but if you thought that this game would live up to the franchise it's a part of, you, like me, will be very disapointed. If the PVP turns out to be good, I might reinstall, but until then, I have no intention of playing this game anyore."
76561198042588557,Recommended,460930,30389501,Posted: 8 March,all,Rain,"Great world, decent AI, Nice variety of ways to engage, Jokes so bad they are good, the freedom is great, and great customization of your gun and character, I also love the stealth mechanics, it can be a challanging game (I'm on advanced so I'm not sure about normal but advanced isn't too much), they also made it so your AI squad will spot the targets on your HUD.. Thank god.. This game isn't for everybody as my friends are torn between ones who love it and ones who don't really enjoy playing it. Be sure to read reviews and watch some videos or something before you buy it, you know."
76561197964042954,Recommended,460930,30398068,Posted: 8 March,all,King,"Good game, fun with friends"
76561198245365822,Recommended,460930,30375141,Posted: 7 March,all,Tylerjmaho,seems pretty fun runs pretty bad for me but I have enjoyed the short time I played il wait til the game ready driver if there is one and try again.
,Recommended,460930,30375364,Posted: 7 March,all,Majic,"Great game to play! There are pros and cons when it comes to playing, however.Pros:Runs very smoothlyGraphics look great and are adjustable to your preferenceThe Multiplayer/Co-op option for this game works great, and it's fun to play with other peopleWhat I also noticed about playing online is that the game pairs you up with players closer within your location/city. From personal experience of playing on the Open Beta as well as the official release, which I think is neatThe difficulty settings are set up nicely for people who want an easy gameplay experience or for those who really want to challenge themselves in extremely tactical battles and missionsCons:This game takes up a lot of disk space; about 40gbIt does not run well on everybody's computer based on the specifications you guys have, which is a big downfall because this game requires a very good system to run on, whether it is PC or laptop based, and that's not something that everybody can financially affordThe controls for the transportation for vehicles and aircraft (ie. helicopter) are only somewhat decent. I have played games with better movement controls than thisThe cash shop is somewhat of a cheat because you can buy items there without going through the struggle of unlocking it through general gameplay (solo or multiplayer campaign), which kind of loses its purpose of making it a more challenging gameI have so far not experienced any sort of issues with the games yet in terms of bugs or other technical errors, but hopefully that is something that can be reportable and without difficulty to pass through to the service.Overall rating is 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,30375211,Posted: 7 March,all,1vv0r,"Ghost Recon has been a long time favorite of mine since the beginning.  The complexity and the care and attention was what made the game amazing.  This, not so much as the orginal, but new concept and still incredible.  It is a different gaming experience, but when the difficulty is cranked up, that old feeling of holy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥comes back quick.I have not had the chance to delve days and days yet, but after running the first few objectives I can honestly say when the kids are in bed, the head phones go on, and I travel to Bolivia with friends, and we make a mess.I have also read a lot about performance, i did have some issues at first in Ultra, so I knocked it done to Very High and went custom everything back up to full except Texture, and shut down Vert Sync and restarted the game and it really is nice.  Maybe some drivers in the next little while for those suffering, time will tell."
76561198053846275,Not Recommended,460930,31369783,Posted: 25 April,all,Lord Swoledemort,"There's only one word that best describes this game...MicrotransactionsJust like every other game Ubisoft publishes, they have ruined something with a massive amount of potential.Pros:Fantastic combat mechanics.Fantastic stealth mechanics.Huge open world to explore.Hours of just main campaign content.Beautiful graphics.Tons of weapon customization.Tons of character customization.Amazing animation physics.Cons:Lackluster vehicle physics:-Ground vehicles feel ""loose"" and bouncy-Helicopters have unrealistic arcade style controls-Planes also have lacking controls and are extremely slowCivilian AI is downright primitive; running into bullets, ""evading"" into moving cars, running at thrown grenades, etc.All in game weapons and attachments can be bought in the store (rather than collected in game).SP squad is absolutely useless.Gathering resouces is more of a chore than it is a in depth tactical desicion.Uplay servers and connectivity are absolute trash, feels like the servers run off the speed of a potato.No PVP implemented.Voice acting feels uninspired and flat.No character progression (my character is the same person going in as they are coming out).My advice to Ubisoft is to take a step back and look at the community for a second and realize that nobody likes microtransactions or the extreme exploitation of the community by bleeding them of as much money as possible.This will be the last Ubisoft game I ever buy until they change their marketing strategies."
,Recommended,460930,33199445,Posted: 3 July,all,ggg,cool :)
76561198192268385,Not Recommended,460930,32146144,Posted: 3 June,all,TheManOWar,"either add checkpoints or quicksaving via modding other wise you will have a bad time, oh wait no mod support. ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft!"
,Recommended,460930,30743424,Posted: 25 March,all,Xx_ZoMbIe_xX,AWESOME LOTS TO EXPLORE AND LOTS OF GUYS TO KILL AND ALOT OF MISSIONS
,Recommended,460930,31502664,Posted: 2 May,all,⎛⎝Sυnѕhine⎠⎞,"most of my games i usually play them for few hours and forgetting about them.BUT NO THIS ONE![i am working man with not much of free time on my hand] but not in this case ...and even if it took me more than month to complete it i actually did it!so lets make pro's-con's list here:pro's1, fantastic open world with many areas and many beautiful sites to see and explore.2, the graphic is astonishing ,and even after 30 hours i can still say ""wow"" in some places3, weather and day and night system is very atmospheric and really make you feel when it raining or night time[or both]4, the story is really good and every part of it feel like new chapter in a book.5, the coop , fantastic it really fun to play with friends [real people can be unpredictable unlike bots]6, even if you dont have friends you can play it singleplayer and enjoy it.7, gameplay ,this is where this game is shine, if you want to take APC and blow everyone up so go ahead ,if want to make seruis plan and sneak to the enemy base undetected and vanish without trace ? do it ,it all up to you =)con's1, Uplay ...yes uplay on the lest weekend i wanted to play the game and guess what ?the servers was down and you cant play offline.2.stupid AI ...ohh they made so me mad [even one rage quit] when the rebels came from nowhere and hit me with their car second before i complete long long mission]3, crashes ,the game do manage to crash especially in the middle of mission.4, the comminity ...do yourself a favor and dont play with strangers i prefer to be roadkilled by the stupid AI rabels then playing with the strangers that i played.*this is not pro or con .1, bugs ...sometimes is really anoying and sometimes it really funny that can make you laugh or make do whird face and say ...what.... the... F♥♥k .???2.optimizations .i manage to run this game on ultra settings and it run smoothly for 60 FPS [GTX1070]...but in rare cases it freeze for few seconds [and 50% of the time it end up with crash]3.repaditive mission ,but personally i never got bored with them ,and like i said it before ,there is more then one way to complete a objective.overhall ...i like thie game and i recomend for you guys to try it !my personal score is :9\10"
76561197973141998,Not Recommended,460930,32064557,Posted: 30 May,all,Devastation,"Nothing but a shiny, repetitive, piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥consol game ported over to PC !!!  I regret spending 60 dollars for this game. I give this shiny turd a ratng of 3 out of 10"
,Recommended,460930,30373038,Posted: 7 March,all,LEYKA,"Big map, but not empty, full of mission and collectable.Playing with friend is a plus."
,Recommended,460930,30375772,Posted: 7 March,all,Harry,"Quick reviewThis game has good gameplay, co-op experience, didn't try the demo but still give it a shot, the world is huge to explore, good graphic, really engaging when playing multiplayer match, lots of upgrade and skill tree, variety of mission typeHowever, I'm using a gtx 1080 and cannot get a constant 60fps sometimes it drops from 70fps to 22fps in 2k all set to ultra FXAA, V-sync off, not a good port at the momment tho, Server is not good, got disconnect multiple timesThe recommend spec for this game is gtx 1060, but I think that just not enoughBut I'm still giving it a recommend and still hope for a patch launching soon"
,Not Recommended,460930,31004405,Posted: 7 April,all,WhiskeyOL,"TL:DR - It feels as though a number of corners were cut with this game, taking away from the overall experience, which is a shame as it had potential. Terrible AI, awful driving mechanics and a lackluster story make me not recommend this game.Whilst not totally unenjoyable, I found this game really hard to take seriously due to (mainly) how terrible the AI is. For example, in a mission were you are tasked to sneak in to an enemy zone and interrogate some cartel higher-up, my team run up to him in plain sight and take cover about a foot away from him. Then, when I approach they tell me to stay out of sight or he'll get spooked and run. Not game breaking of course, but certainly immersion breaking to say the least.After not being overly impressed or hooked on the single player, I booted up the co-op mode and started playing with a friend, thinking I've seen the last of the bad AI, but unfortunately not. In another mission, we were tasked to take out and secure a convoy and when we got close to it, it turned out that two had spawned in the same place pretty much on top of each other.The convoy was stationary next to a small village, and there were a number of civilians walking about on the outskirts, close to the vehicles. When the action started, the enemy took cover behind some of the buildings, but the villagers didn't seem phased by this and continued walking around like nothing was wrong. Many strayed into the crossfire and were mown down by a hail of bullets from the enemy.The driving mechanics on this game are also beyond terrible.Wasn't really gripped by the story and I didn't care much for the characters. Majority of the story is told through videos that are unlocked when you find a piece of intel, but again they didn't really do much for me. If you do something wrong or fail a mission, there's no repercussion at all and the enemy don't seem to react to your tactics or style of play (something that MGS:V did very well).There are some positives though... the game looks very nice on high settings, providing your GPU is up to the task of running it, and you can spend ages customising a variety of things in game. I was also impressed by the gunsmith for changing your weapons about.This game had a lot of potential, but it seems as though a number of corners were cut. If the game had better AI, I might be able to get over the shoddy car mechanics and bugs, but unfortunately these all spoil what could have been a real diamond."
,Not Recommended,460930,31483771,Posted: 1 May,all,G R I E F,"Where do I even begin with this?If I say ""It's like Ubisoft made MGSV"", I'm sure you can already picture exactly what this game is.I honestly would not pay £5 for this game if I had the chance to play it beforehand.If you enjoy all the tedious things Ubisoft add to their game and getting frustrated over how good a game could be - this is a perfect fit for you. If you're looking for something, you know, fun; keep moving.Here are my problems with the game:- The skill tree is absolutely useless.- Driving is a joke. I mean, honestly, has anyone at Ubisoft ever even seen a car being driven? Holy.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bumper cars isn't even an apt analogy - they feel like driving a paperweight hovercraft. Not to mention if you get on a bike, you will fall off hitting even the most apologetic speed bump and launch into a skydiving animation before landing on your feet and reacting as if a nosebleed just knocked you unconscious (your character literally stands there, holds his nose, then drops to the floor waiting to be revived)- The AI is absolutely pointless.- Playing on the hardest setting was about as hard as I imagine it being taking away the favourite chew toy of a small, timid dog.- Gun customization is so god damn tedious and pointless. Even the 'Unidad' soldiers seem to die in a couple of rounds with your default pistol.- Having to download uPlay and create an account after the game downloaded before I could actually ♥♥♥♥ing play it.Here is what I liked about it:- I can make my guns look cool, hooray.Now admittedly by this point I had only played it for an hour, but holy god damn Christ do I wish I never bothered.Abysmal. I do not understand how Ubisoft are still allowed to make games."
76561198045762947,Recommended,460930,30383249,Posted: 7 March,all,SAVjosh42,I like it.
,Recommended,460930,30375800,Posted: 7 March,all,Liberty Prime,"This is actually a good game, of course one of the main downsides would probably needing a good PC to run. I use canyourunit to see if my PC is compatible. I crashed to blue screen once when leaving inventory so maybe that might get fixed, Lucky the campaign saves automatically. I use a 1060 3gb which is the recommended graphics and everything else i have is on the recommended list, just a little bug. Overall a good game would 100% recommend, will edit later about gameplay and open worldness."
,Recommended,460930,30373310,Posted: 7 March,all,almico,Well done to the developers for listening to the complaints in the beta stages. This game runs like a dream now with no performance issues. The landscapes are immense and the kills are so satisfying. I would recommend playing on the highest difficulty with friends to get the optimal gaming experience out of this amazing game.
,Recommended,460930,30385969,Posted: 7 March,all,doFt_tv,"Thoroughly dig the Farcry/GTA/Tactical Ghost Recon elements of this game. Already spend a full 8 hour work day, bugs and all enjoying the process with matchmaking. The matchmaking system allows for quick queues for full team take downs.Can't wait until the bugs and a couple of pvp updates are released."
,Not Recommended,460930,33256342,Posted: 4 July,all,_J_,"Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing awful waste of time. An amazing concept (open world drug cartel murder sim) squandered by Ubisoft's special brand of mediocrity. A story so bland and tasteless it may as well be cardboard, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ phyiscs engine, and just all around blandness make Ghost Recon Wildlands, not one of the worst games ever made, but one of the most bland and boring, what a shame."
,Recommended,460930,30370467,Posted: 7 March,all,rock109,Was worth the wait. Game graphics haven't been downgraded very much like what Ubisoft usually do and the attention to detail is great.
76561198305488604,Recommended,460930,30382418,Posted: 7 March,all,Sarenio,"I rarely play FPS game, but I just pay for it after I play this one in open data.The mission design is good,which will not make you feel boring.The feeling that you and your friend just kill someone or fetch sth and then sneak off is incredible and amazing.I just discontent the in-purchase,ubi makes some ugly outlooking for free and nice ones for pay,excuse me,I'm familiar with that! Overw****?Wow,find that it's an online game actually~"
,Recommended,460930,30382494,Posted: 7 March,all,LeROMOK,"Uno de los mejores juegos de narcos que hay, simplemente brillante. La satisfaccion de entrar a una base llena de enemigos y acabar con ellos sigilosamente es simplemente gratificante."
,Recommended,460930,30379777,Posted: 7 March,all,x1gma,"I'll keep my review short - my impression so far is that Ubi finally produced a decent game, would definitly recommend. Balanced between tactical and arcade-ish gun play, wonky physics that sometimes remind of GTA, interesting story and progression game play so far. I think the gameplay will get repetetive kinda soon, but there is ton of content to explore and collect, or to drop in with friends. If you expect a hardcore tactical shooter, this game is not for you. If you want to enjoy a classic arcade-ish single player shooter, definitly go for this game."
,Not Recommended,460930,31814062,Posted: 17 May,all,Viking,"no replayablity, not going to lie this is not a that bad of a game but, after you play through once , there is just no point in the world that makes you wanna play this game again, despite the game usually spawn AIs on you atfer driving or flying and gang bang you and coop works utterly unreliable"
,Recommended,460930,33041755,Posted: 30 June,all,His Name is Kazzer,Enjoyable
,Recommended,460930,30375272,Posted: 7 March,all,rtk,i love it and im a dog
,Recommended,460930,30448802,Posted: 11 March,all,Drew,Ohhh. Yesssssss.The Division +  GTA V + Far Cry = Ghost Recon Wildlands.11/10 Would Put C4 Again near all the Llama.AND100/10 Would See Nidia♥♥♥♥♥♥Again. HAHAHAHAHA...
76561198030176685,Recommended,460930,30371413,Posted: 7 March,all,Kaustek,"This game is absolutely wonderful.This is exactly what I wanted out of Division.I was really disappointed with how the Division turned out and the direction they chose to take it.Wildlands was definitely not a disappointment.The Coop is amazing, the weapons are diverse and highly customizable. Character customization is engrossing, the graphics are destryoing my graphics card, the story and game setup are fresh and exciting; you play it as you want and free roam/play the game at your own pace.GR Future Soldier was not a let down, but Wildlands certainly revived the Ghost Recon we all know and love.With the direction of titles like Siege and Wildlands, there is an incredibly bright future for the Tom Clancy Franchise."
,Recommended,460930,34694258,Posted: 2 September,all,SpirriX,"Fantastic gameplay, interesting mechanics, and a very rewarding progression system. The story baffled me by how good it was, and I enjoyed it until the very end, despite some interactions becoming somewhat predictable after a while.It is also great fun to just roam around the world, hunting down the little extras such as weapons and mods. There is no required setup of weapons. You can use whatever you want, and it works. The game allows for great customization, both on weapons and apparel."
76561198274488040,Recommended,460930,34712425,Posted: 3 September,all,helios,Cool game
,Recommended,460930,33252739,Posted: 4 July,all,ShisnoMaster,It's fun. Go around shootin Cartel and Unidad fools.
,Recommended,460930,30377150,Posted: 7 March,all,CNR :3,"This game is nuts, I recommend playing with friends for the added bonus"
76561198220672103,Recommended,460930,30377396,Posted: 7 March,all,KingKobra [SLO],"The game is absolutely gorgeous, love the games soo much"
,Recommended,460930,30370826,Posted: 7 March,all,Mehhhhhhhhhheeee,So far so good.Enjoying it.Hope the nvidia drivers fix some fps issues.
76561198248996652,Not Recommended,460930,33393530,Posted: 8 July,all,jyeon9078,"First, I ask for your understanding in my poor English.Ubisoft should abandon Open World obsession.Please ubisoft, If you keep making game this way, do not make an open world game anymore.Just make it like a Stage Clear type(like splinter cell).I'm afraid that Ubisoft will make Splinter Cells an open world and turn it into the same game as existing games."
,Recommended,460930,30701977,Posted: 24 March,all,SovietLlama,"Bought this game to get run over by rebel vehicles during an intense gunfight...10/10 Rebel kids just don't give a ♥♥♥♥, I like that~"
76561198176771049,Not Recommended,460930,30567896,Posted: 17 March,all,Arthur Morgan,Ghost Recons Wildlands one of the biggest open world where we can do nothing other than story missions!!!WTFSide missions are all sameeven story missions are repitive as ♥♥♥♥Game is not well optimizedFPS DROPRandom FreezesBuggy Game♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT
,Recommended,460930,31759404,Posted: 14 May,all,Sankt Kaiser,"Disclaimer: I have not finished the campaign.I had a lot of doubts, going into Wildlands. Between the negative reviews I read about the beta, the hardware/crashing/unplayable issues I'd heard about, and the Tom Clancy title, there were a lot of things to be worried about.And while the story is more or less garbage, as I expected since I'm not a fan of Tom Clancy's writing in the least, the game itself is solid.It's strengths lie in the gunplay and co-op; all weapons have bullet velocity and ballistic drop, which makes the fighting element more ""realistic"" and adds additional consideration to every encouter: close and easy to hit, or further out and safer, but harder to hit? Weapon ranges (i.e. caliber and cartridge considerations) enter into the equation here, which makes for much more naunced firefights. For myself, I found this pretty satisfying. The distinction between ""loud"" and ""quiet"" firefights also is much appreciated, as facing down waves of guys is sometimes all I want, and other times I wanna see how sneaky I can be. The game offers me both, and though the out and out fights are tough, they're not disappointing in the least.The co-op should speak for itself, as the vast majority of games are way more fun when you play them with your friends, but special mention goes to doing missions like ambushing supply convoys: it's extemely satisfying to coordinate tactics, and the game gives you ample opportunity to do so. Sometimes it matters, sometimes it doesn't, but it's pretty cool when your plans go off more or less how you want... and even cooler when the AI or gameworld throws a wrench in there and you're forced to frantically adapt.Having the weapons and other tacticool addons be scattered around the map definitely improves the life of the game, as I've something like 76 hours at this point, and I've hardly touched the story (which, though so far underwhelming as expected at least offers additional gameplay). The resource+skill point requirement was pretty clever in hindsight, as though I felt like I hit a wall because I wanted my damage reduction NOW, it definitely was fun to run around and do the supply raid missions.The mission types are all generally pretty solid, though the ""threaten cartel leader for upgraded rebel grunts"" is somewhat hilarious in the belief that it could be effective. The dialogue as well is somewhat cringy at times, especially in those instances.The game's weaknesses are almost exclusively technical in nature.Probably the greatest, more glaring weakness is the limited nature and ability of the AI. The enemies are not particularly smart or varied, and though there are ""captains"" and ""defenders"", their ability to down the player is hardly more or less than the grunt types that are everywhere. Enemies like to rush you at certain alert levels (i.e. 4 Unidad pips), and though it's not a poor tactic (yes, assaulting into enemy fire IS a real world tactic, though never against trained professional soldiers) it makes certain fights in certain terrain very easy. Other times it really lays on the desperation. It's something of a crapshoot. However, overall the tactics and variety of enemies is extremely limited and grows stale after only a few encounters.The controls for driving and flying on the PC version are woeful to say the least. WASD controls for both, and helicopters are particularly poorly implemented. Strafing is not (easily) possible, and inertial control is very demanding. While I don't expect every game to have the same awesome controls as Apache: Air Assault, it would be nice to conform to the industry standard.And, speaking of flying, the SAM sites in the game are all but hair-pulling frustrating. Not only are they quite effective, they seem to have mind-reading ability as they will target you even if you are in a Unidad or Santa Blanca aircraft. Probably the most egregeious offense is that they respawn, and respawn impressively quickly. Losing sight on them sems to be sufficient, even, and it makes air travel... adventurous, though rarely in a good way.Something probably seen as trivial by most and possibly tied to the Tom Clancy origin, the rebels are laughable. Their ""uniform"" consists of bright, multi-hued colors and their dialogue is insufferable. ""Viva la revulsione"" indeed. This seems to be a common theme in Ubisoft games, however, as Far Cry 3 and 4 suffered from the same chromatic blasphemy, and shared in the constant occurance of ""rebel"" patrols driving right through and past the checkpoints of the very authorities they are trying to overthrow. Being said, maybe this is simply a company policy, due to the same happening in the Far Cry games.In all, the game is a passable, solid even, open world shooter. I have easily a dozen minor complaints about this or that, but in all it's a worthwhile offering. It's what I wanted THE DIVISION to be.  My only overriding complaint would be to get away from Tom Clancy's writings.TL;DR - It's an open world shooter where you're inserted covert forces. It's a decent offering on its own, without any outstanding features or innovations. A solid co-op third person shooter. I would recommend against it if you don't have at least a friend to two who wants to play with you.Overall Score:6 out of 10."
,Not Recommended,460930,32722653,Posted: 24 June,all,Skyfall_25,"Pros:Huge open world with a lot of different ecosystemsFreedom to play the way you wantAI is fairly challengingConsBad optimizationVery bad vehicle controlsNot many customization and weapons optionsThe best looking outfits are locked behind microtransactionsSome side - missions are structured for Co-Op. So its extremely hard to solo 100%.Not a lot of variety in missions. You will be doing the same thing over and over again. (Did I tell you the definition of insanity?)Apart from helping with Sync-shots, the friendly AI is largely useless.Typical Ubisoft open world formulaThis could have been the greatest military shooter ever if it had some cinematic custscence and good writing. However, all resources seem to have been spent on creating the open world with the story being told through video and audio files that need to be collected (Like The Division). Such a wasted opportunity.Buy if you have 3 friends who are willing to play with you and buy it only at half the price."
76561197995878286,Recommended,460930,30374992,Posted: 7 March,all,Vito,"Its pretty good, still needs polish though, very fun to play with friends."
,Recommended,460930,30386123,Posted: 7 March,all,Neef,Buy it trust me
76561198159437459,Recommended,460930,30375879,Posted: 7 March,all,Ovenman55885,"This game is great, that's it."
76561198047290024,Recommended,460930,30495966,Posted: 13 March,all,cosmicmidget,"As much of ubisoft hater as i am, i have to say the game is a big step forward. It still needs 1-2 more patches for optimisation, but it's really fun in multiplayer, if you are lucky enough to find a decent group(which isn't rare).My biggest issue with the game right now is armored bushes. It really annoys the hell out of me, when i can see enemy behind the bush, but bullets just won't go through it. Really want bullet penetration mechanics introduced to this game."
76561198115470321,Not Recommended,460930,30858221,Posted: 31 March,all,Mr uiuiiiuiuiuii,Fun at first but then you just do the same missions over and over again! When you have played about 20 hours it just becomes a rage game everytime something goes wrong and its just not worth the money at all!
76561198058659599,Recommended,460930,30882790,Posted: 1 April,all,GoldenOctopus,"Buy it ONLY if you have friends to play with.The co-op mode can be very fun, but the solo mode become quickly repetitive.PROS:+Awesome Graphics+Gun/Character Customization+Seamless transition between Solo/Coop mode+Nice StorylineCONS:-Game become repetitive if played alone"
,Recommended,460930,30397037,Posted: 8 March,all,PapaGinger hellcase.com,wow :)
,Recommended,460930,30397994,Posted: 8 March,all,omar_uav,a great start for ubisoft
,Recommended,460930,30398584,Posted: 8 March,all,BuzzkiLLington,"Brilliant game..... Graphics are amazing..... Warfare is amazing.... Huge♥♥♥♥♥map / open world.... Has realistic suroundings .... Brilliant Story.... Brilliant Customization....I personally think that this game is a brilliant game, I have never played any game like this before in my life (I have played The Division for people who say its a reskin). Firstly, this game is extremely hard to run, I have a NVIDIA GTX 1060 and I can run at Very-High settings at around 60-70fps and Ultra at around 40-50 ( CPU: I5-7600 ). So, id say that if you like to play your games smoothly ( inspecially in a open world millitary shooter ) id lay of this inless you are willing to play on low-medium settings ( Depending on your computer specs ). When you begin your missions, you begin to see the detail and hard work Ubisoft have put into the Warfare which goes on ingame, it is very very injoyable once you get into it. I know that Ubisoft screwed up alot of different storys in some of there over games *cough* Division *cough* but the story they have put into Ghost Recon is just amazing. Technaclly the whole of Bolivia is completley f**ked so you and a few over ""Ghosts"" go in and try to save Bolivia and make it clean, it sounds dull the way i put it. Its not. Overall it is a great game, the map feels as if it is around 4x bigger than GTA 5's. Also, the customization is just fantastic. Ubisoft struck gold with this one, you really need to have the pad/mouse and go through all the customization options and see it for yourself.The cons are: AI could be better, can get a little Repetitive at times, the driving mechanic aint the best but good enough, You can purchase weapons and weapon-attachments from the store (Destroys the point of searching for them in the HUUUGE map), could of made it less stresful to run on your system/pc.Overall: Overall I think that the game is very good. Single player is fun, Nothing like I have ever played before in my whole life.Rating: I would give this game 8/10, close enough to 9/10.    I am very happy that Ubisoft finally put a game out therethat didnt totally crap out on launch."
76561198181347765,Not Recommended,460930,34905103,Posted: 12 September,all,Mount tK,very disapointing and very boring
76561198020431226,Not Recommended,460930,34153126,Posted: 10 August,all,MERQUIS,"Game wont launch, ever,only 33 hours play and iv owned it from launch....disgracfull"
,Recommended,460930,30372416,Posted: 7 March,all,Steve,"So far it's ok. Little stuttery in spots, mostly when your going fast in a car. Other than that so far so good; I like it.A warning though: I'm using an i5-4690k and a gtx 1070 with the game running on custom settings (somewhere mixed between medium and high and very high with some settings) and it still stuttering. People with weaker/older CPUs be warned, it might run bad."
76561198247207768,Recommended,460930,30408659,Posted: 9 March,all,Valerie,"Fun is a very imporant aspect in gaming. Most Triple A games have failed to deliver that. Regardless the bugs, I'm surprised Ubisoft delivered a fun Co-Op game. I'm not a player that would play with 'friends' but I can say that the Co-Op matchmaking is very well done."
,Not Recommended,460930,34446707,Posted: 23 August,all,Spectre,"Not well optimized even on a GTX 1080 Ti you would expect better framerate results. The enemy AI Is too difficult and keep coming in waves non-stop once you reach 4 stars even after you kill them all they never leave you alone regardless of difficulty. Missions are boring, repetetive. The grass looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥for some reason regardless of the graphic settings.Just an overrall game that I wouldn't recommend for any price point over $20."
,Recommended,460930,33225427,Posted: 4 July,all,H0r1bl,"Wildlands is a great game in my opinion. I have loved every single minute I have played the game.I would not advise to buy the game if you don't have friends or friends that will also purchase the game. The reason I have enjoyed the game much more than most people is because I am playing the campaign with a mate. We aren't going further ahead than one another and that makes the game 10x better. Every single moment I have played the game has been full of laughter and the occasional fustration. We have encountered many bugs while playing the game, however they just made us laugh. The most recent glitch happened two days ago. My mate was driving a car and on my screen he was just running behind the car and not actually driving it. This is one of the funniest moment I have encountered in the game.The gameplay, I will admit can be slightly boring and repetative. This didn't mind me much because I decided to get creative with the game and try near impossible tasks to make the game more interesting. Like parachuting into the middle of an enemy base just to collect the intel before I was killed. If you are creative enough with the game and you play the game with a group of friends or just one, you will have a great time playing the game.The map is amazing, I cannot stress this enough. I love the graphics on the highest setting, they make the game worth playing in itself. Its beautiful, absolutely astonashing. Flying up to the world height in a helicopter and gazing upon the landscape almost made me cry. I would pay 90 dollars alone just to fly around the map in some sort of free cam mode.Pretty much, I would highly recommend the game. If you don't plan to play the game with friends then maybe it isn't a great idea to buy it, however, I would still recommend it for the amazing map. Play with friends and think of creative ways to take out the missions. Try sending a mate into the middle of a group of Santa Blanca in a truck and then one shot it with the HTI. Try parachuting directly ontop of the intel and collect it before you get killed. Great game, I simply love it."
,Recommended,460930,30374895,Posted: 7 March,all,Jamie Morallis,7/10 alone 10/10 with friends
,Recommended,460930,30367999,Posted: 6 March,all,Luka,"Ghost Recon Wildlands is attempting to mix so many games for it's own good.BUT, it manages to do what it does have rather nicely.ProsGood GraphicsGreat multiplayer funInteresting storyHas a decent amount of humor here and there. (Especially the General joke, told pretty early on)ConsBlatantly broke AIStealth mechanics need workAs mentioned prior, AI needs work.Basically required to play online for a non idiot AI experiencePleeenty of bugs. (But we are Day 1 release)StoryYou are a member of a 4 member 'Ghost' squad, employed to bring down the Santa Blanca cartel, located in Bolivia, that has kidnapped, murdered, and overall has created chaos, you will accomplish this mission by bringing down the leaders of the cartel, one at a time, while along the way, increasing the Rebel's ability to fight, making your life a lot easier.Final VerdictIf you have it already, give it a chance, if you don't. Give it a few months for the bug fixes to come in. (We all remember Battlefield 4 launch)I run the game at a decent 80-90 FPS, My specs are as followsI7 7700 Kaby LakeROG Maximus IX32GB DDR4 Gskill TridentSLI'd 1070'sI've had no issues loading the game."
,Recommended,460930,30376330,Posted: 7 March,all,therealshakur,"so far this is worth a good review. as I play more of the game I will update if required.runs great.looks beautiful on very high settings.zero complaints so far.Ignore all the people complaining about poor performance, they clearly have issues with hardware or their PC configuration. game runs great."
,Recommended,460930,30585958,Posted: 18 March,all,CycloneInAmes,"English:This game redefines the lower limit of optimization. You will encounter countless frozen moments, loading issues, bugs and glitches with different aspects such as drones, map pins, etc.Gameplaywise, the story, at least to me, is minimal. Your squad is assigned to Bolivia to take out the Santa Blanca drug cartel piece by piece. Maybe it's because I haven't finished the entire storyline, but so far everything is just standard in terms of story. Nothing will blow your mind. And this game, just like all recent Ubisoft single player open world games, has the typical Ubisoft-type collection. Although they are optional, some of them are rather feeling ""mandatory"" as you need skill points and resources to upgrade you skills, which are rather helpful in terms of taking out enemies and taking over different locations. Graphically speaking, the game is beautiful, which in turn will require a higher-end PC if you want to fully experience the beauty of nature in Bolivia.In terms of performance issues, like I said above, you will experience frozen moments, especially if you are in vehicles, which include land vehicles like cars, water vehicles like boats and air vehicles like choppers and planes. As annoying as it is, most of the time you just need to wait for 2-5 seconds before it turns back to normal, but this problem is rather critical in some missions with time limit. Just beware that in missions with time limit, if your game freezes in the middle, your position after the freezing will not change but the time passed during the freezing is deducted from the timer. In order to reduce the frequency of such freezing just lower your drawing distance in graphics setting. This will effectively reduce the frequency of freezing but will NOT remove it from the game. There is not much we can do.The spotting system is also pretty inconsistent. Sometimes when you drive pass enemies you are just ""suspected"" which means you are fine as long as you keep driving away from them; sometimes when you drive pass enemies they will spot you immediately and start shooting at you. This will directly increase the difficulty especially when you are doing ""car-stealing"" missions or similar.Am I recommending this game to others? It depends. If you can stand somewhat severe performance issues and like the world settings in this game as well as like collecting stuff, then yes, this is a game for you. However, if you are not really into the world settings or you can't stand bad performance at all, then don't pick this up because I don't think they will fix the performance issues soon as it's still rather severe after being released for more than 10 days.Final Verdict: 6/10. Could play if you want, but you are not really missing anything if you don't.简体中文：这个游戏重新定义了优化的下限。在游戏中你会遇到数不胜数的卡顿、加载问题以及其他各种各样的bug，买bug送游戏并非空穴来风。关于游戏本身来讲，剧情对我来说几乎等于不存在。你的小队被派遣到玻利维亚去瓦解圣塔布兰卡贩毒集团就是整个游戏的主线。可能是因为我还没过完主线任务，但是目前来说整体剧情非常中规中矩，没有任何出彩的地方。而且这个游戏和育碧其它的开放世界单人游戏一样有经典的育碧式收集系统。虽然理论上来说这些收集内容都不是强制的，但是在游戏过程中它们会给你一种强制性的感觉，因为你需要收集技能点和资源来升级你的技能，这些技能又对击杀敌人和占领据点很有帮助，所以有时候还是不得不收集的。游戏的画面还算不错，但是相应的也需要较高端的PC才能完全欣赏玻利维亚的美景。关于游戏的表现问题，最常见的就是我上面说过的游戏卡顿，尤其是当你驾驶载具的时候。这包括像汽车这类的陆地载具、船这类的水上载具以及直升机和飞机这类的空中载具。尽管这个问题很烦人但是大多数情况下你只需要等2-5秒游戏就会恢复正常。但是有时候这个问题还是很致命的，尤其是当你在做一些有时间限制的任务的时候。需要注意的是在做有时间限制的任务的时候如果你遭遇了卡顿，虽然卡顿结束后你的位置没变但是卡顿时消耗的时间会从总时间里面扣除。如果想要减少卡顿发生的频率的话就在画面设置里面降低绘图距离。这样可以减少卡顿发生的频率但是不会完全消除卡顿。游戏中的警觉系统也给人一种很生硬的感觉。有时候你从敌人旁边开车经过的时候只会“被怀疑”，也就是说只要你开车离敌人远远的就没事；有时候你开车从敌人旁边经过的时候敌人立刻就发现你然后朝你射击。这种不连贯性会在你做偷车类任务的时候直接增加游戏难度。我会不会向别人推荐这款游戏呢？因人而异。如果你可以忍受这种近乎严重的卡顿问题并且对游戏的故事背景很感兴趣而且热爱收集的话，这款游戏很适合你。但是，如果你对游戏背景设定不感冒或者完全无法忍受一丁点的卡顿的话，千万别买这游戏。我不认为在游戏发售超过10天之后整体表现并无好转的情况下育碧会在近期修复这些游戏表现问题。最终评分：6/10。如果你愿意的话当然可以买来玩，但是就算你不玩的话也没有错过什么值得一玩的内容。"
,Recommended,460930,30400673,Posted: 8 March,all,rubert,WHATS NEW? A BOOK!!!!
,Not Recommended,460930,31347439,Posted: 24 April,all,Goldman,"DONT BUY THE DLC!!! I am lost for words, it is god awful! Ubisoft have got it way wrong this time... just how can they get it so wrong!Q; Can I get a refund on the season pass?"
,Recommended,460930,30371973,Posted: 7 March,all,Next Purple 次の紫,The game is absolutely amazing! Worth the money.
,Not Recommended,460930,30893338,Posted: 1 April,all,Alpha One,"It's an excellent idea, backed up with a genuinely great game engine vis a vis visuals, sound, ballistics etc, but the game itself is just dull. The difficulty especially is in an extremely tough spot: I set it to maximum difficulty because a good, genuinely hard game is what I like. The battles themselves are hard but fair and they feel great, but then you'll hop into your car or motorcycle to go to the next objective, an enemy will see you, and they'll instakill you. This happens almost every time I'm on the road, unless I'm driving cross-country (even then you might get spotted by enemy choppers) or are completely ignoring every side objective, cache of supplies  etc. A lot of the ""emergent"" gameplay that a sandbox relies on is simply not something you can take part in unless you're at a difficulty level where the battles themselves feel like child's play.Good idea, terrible execution. It's the most technically solid Ubisoft game in a long time (no real gamebreaking bugs for me, not even once) and when you're playing with your friends it's fun, but the wonky driving, the god-awful squadmate AI (they're either gods of war or barely-functioning brain-damaged liabilities), the weird enemy AI and the sudden and dramatic dips and spikes of difficulty have all reduced this game from ""play it every day after work"" to ""look at that Play button then move on to something else""."
,Recommended,460930,30369894,Posted: 7 March,all,Mr. Boombastic,"I only have 1.9 hours in the game so far BUT I wanted to state that the optimization and performance is MUCH, MUCH improved since the ""beta"". If that was keeping anyone away, it's much better now (especially if you're rocking a Nvidia card).  The game is pretty fun so far. Thankfully NO iconic Ubisoft towers (yet) and the A.I. ACTUALLY talks to eachother. So far I'm having fun!**Edit** Now almost 12 hours in. It's still pretty fun but it can get pretty repetitive and boring (as most open world games these days). I still play it but I don't find myself really WANTING to play it."
76561198101165725,Not Recommended,460930,31239562,Posted: 19 April,all,Paladin Ezrah,Terrible game but has great pottential that keeps being wasted!!! Dont bother buying the DLC they are♥♥♥♥♥♥!! Ubisoft im so dissapointed in the crap you keep puting out!!!! Just stop ok.
76561198016637688,Recommended,460930,30894399,Posted: 1 April,all,Angel Of Death,Easily one of the best AAA games that I have played this year.
,Recommended,460930,30373671,Posted: 7 March,all,4aLse,An awesome open world game. Far much better than Division. Graphics are so much great and hardly downgraded than E3.Pros:-Shooting Mechanics-Graphics-Weapon Customization-Servers (So far so good)-Gameplay/StoryCons:-Vehicle Mechanics. (Similar like Watch Dogs 2)-Screen Tearing (Even with Vsync and Nvidia Adaptive Sync).-Micro Stutter.Overall : 8.5/10TESTED ON:CPU: i5-6402pGPU: Nvidia GTX 1060 6 GBRAM : 16 GB 2133 Mhz
76561198046747192,Not Recommended,460930,31453962,Posted: 29 April,all,WitchingSnake,"The performance is a joke and its nowhere near as pretty as advertised. All the screenshots and video footage from Ubisoft are fake. Probably from the renderer or the editor or engine. To play in 1080p on very high I suspect that you'll need at least a 1080ti to achieve a somewhat stable 60fps.The AI mates are between broken and stupid and godlike. They spot enemies through walls out of random chance but can't spot enemies in front of them. They hesitate to fight leading to absurd situations where they almost hug opponents without firing neither do opponents fire at them at times.The alarm and stealth mechanics are absolutely broken. You can shoot around and blow stuff up, 20 meters next to your location enemies are in calm state.The driving mechanics are pathetic. You need a gamepad for it and even then the cars drive just silly. They also have an absurd traction.The game is all about the tagging of opponents, giving you a wallhack and a mini map hack of their position. This really ruins the combat together with the 3rd person camera peaking.There is aiming down sights first person mode so thats cool. Overall better than The Division by far.Neat selection of gunporn.I was looking for a game that offers me more of that MGS:V gameplay and to some degree I get it here. So there's that.Tom Clancy Ghost Recon is a name you'd think that would stand for some kind of... realistic expirience right? Well there's none of that.The story is a placeholder to excuse the fact that you and 3 mates run around a country full of ""evil"" people shooting everyone and collecting collectibles.I have come to the conclussion that the mission design is underwhelming to put it mildly. Dumb fetch quests and quests like Go from A to B and then pick up some Intel. No fighting involved. Most missions that involve fighting have too few enemies. You often spend more time getting to the objective than doing the objective.This becomes apparent when you're supposed to take over some location and there's only 6 guards. You have so many abilities that easilly let you kill off half of them and the remaining ones are too few to put up a good fight. I am reluctant to use all the powers given to me like the Rebels providing you with mortar strikes and reinforcments and more.As soon as you get the underbarrel grenade launcher weapon upgrade the game becomes way too easy. Enemy reinforcements always come with cars so you instantly blow them up. Enemy positions? Blow them up. On top of that you get frag grenades which are a bit weaker since they don't instantly explode on contact. I am reluctant to get any of the other gadgets like heat vision as so on since the game is already too easy.I must admit that I do die quite often because of being careless. The game is so easy at times that you're tempted to play recklessly. Thats when you get killed, when you lose all respect that you have for it. Or when someone blows up a car next to you.Whats more fun than missions is attacking the police force which works similar like GTA. They will relentlessly attack you with increasing waves and stronger reinforcements including attack helicopters.They really have to fix the performance. With an i7 4770K and GTX 1070 you'd think you'd get more than 30fps. on high in 1080p.The game does serve my amusement but make no mistake its pathetic ubishit. The main problem with ubishit games is that they're not completely♥♥♥♥♥♥ they're just kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ Like here, 14 hours spent and it was mostly underwhleming and boring and flawed experience. But some of the mechanics that it copies from other games are fun so its still a kinda fun experience at times.You could say the game even fails at being a total failure. It just fails a bit every here and there but not enough to make you stop. You will stop once you're sick of the repetitive missions and once you've done all there is to do. This is somethign that I could copy paste into every Assassins Creed, Watchdogs, Far Cry, Division and so on game from ubishit. The moment that they have a product that kinda functions and has enough hype around it to be a success, they drop the work and efforts on it.3/10Oh and there's Uplay.There is no MP sadly only co-op. Some PvP would be nice.Avoid the first dlc. Season Pass is probably not worth it since the first dlc is already a pass.He sums it up nicely:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4I8zJoPLZ0"
,Not Recommended,460930,30843060,Posted: 30 March,all,aost,"generic open world ubisoft trashgo here, climb this tower, play this animation but with MORE GUNS!!literally the same game as the last 18 open world games that ubisoft madedont waste 60 dollars on farcry again"
,Recommended,460930,30498588,Posted: 13 March,all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"This is a fantastic game! It is a third person, open world shooter. I would liken this game to the likes of GTA V and classic Ghost Recon games with a blend of Far Cry and Splinter Cell splashed in. The game looks amazing and it offers more differences in terrain than any open world game I have played, including GTA V. It has mountains, desert, snow, forest, jungle, farmlands, flooded plains and a huge flat white salt lake bed,  all of which are found across the varied and vast regions within this game. Graphics are superb. It's a classic open world Ubisoft game.It does have that typical open world Ubisoft gameplay of go get this, go collect that and go explore this and the game has had some critique over this. However, it encourages players to explore the vastness of this world and find some nice little hidden gems along he way and some comical storylines. I wouldn't expect a Ubisoft game to be any different. Some of the side missions can be repetitive, however they are still different in their own way. The main story is ok and you can attack the main story in any order you like. It's great to play with mates as well as solo. Some of the mechanics could be a bit better and I still have not worked out how to effectively use a helicopter in combat!! It seems impossible to control. But overall, it's solid and would highly recommend this game to anyone that likes open world and something different."
,Recommended,460930,30384474,Posted: 7 March,all,Edgy as darn memelord,"Us at both betas: REEEEEEeEEE!!!!1!!!!!!1!!!!!Us now: Damn Ubi, keeps on pushin' out great games!(Review: this is an AMAZING game if you expect a fun stealth/open world/lotsmore first person/third person shooter!)"
76561198323523798,Recommended,460930,30404497,Posted: 9 March,all,neonvision13,"Would definitely reccomend it, massive world with plenty of detail, good weapon selection and good controls. If you are into military/pmc style stuff, then it should satisfy."
76561198114250709,Recommended,460930,31953747,Posted: 25 May,all,erikdfier,"Its not perfect, but its a great game in almost every way."
,Recommended,460930,30483240,Posted: 12 March,all,Machete,Ghost Recon Wildlands > GTA5
,Recommended,460930,30440179,Posted: 10 March,all,RevolverDrummer,"Feels much like a cross between GTA and Far Cry with a military special ops theme. So far I've only had the chance to play single player and its been a ton of fun. The stealth operates quite well and there are plenty of ways to approach each firefight. The game incentivises clean and quick engagements by making large firefights difficult to survive, which considering the circumstances (4 friendlies and many bad guys) is pretty realistic. The skill point system gives a progression to the game that is welcome.My only complaints so far are team AI and driving. The team AI is good if you command them well. For example the sync shot system works very well and allows you to take out 2+ enemies at the same time. But in open firefights there can be situations where one of your guys is parked in front of an enemy and is getting lit up without returning fire. Team AI can be remedied by coop with friends which I haven't had the chance to partake in yet. The driving is a bit clunky at times but is managable after getting used to it.This game is definitely worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,460930,30446254,Posted: 11 March,all,Sam,Pleasantly surprised
76561198278967518,Not Recommended,460930,34907575,Posted: 12 September,all,jingpenx,"This game is no good.1. This game is not a bad game, but considering its price, 59.99 USD, it is a nightmare.2. You can tell that all of the characters in this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you think about the way they deal with things and the way they talk.3. I couldn't stop thinking about GTA5 when I was playing this game.4. The viehcles are bumper cars, UNDRIVABLE.5. FIX YOUR AI SYSTEM."
76561197972610985,Recommended,460930,31964486,Posted: 25 May,all,klutz2005,"Lots of fun, plenty of content. Absolutely worth playing."
,Recommended,460930,30383682,Posted: 7 March,all,Lord_Domin8r,"I pre-purchased this game and I think it was worth it.Yes there are still some signature Ubisoft micro transactions, however the game is great.The game needs a bit more activities because the world does feel a bit empty.Also HQ upgrades like in Metal Gear Solid PP would be a nice edition."
76561198082260825,Recommended,460930,30383199,Posted: 7 March,all,BlackwidowZ93,"First off i must say congratulations Ubisoft for Releasing such an amazing port to PC. A Well spent £40....Please keep releasing stable ports!. After watch dogs 2 i nearly gave up with Ubisoft titles. Ubisoft has amazed me with this release!!!!!. Keep up the hard work.Anyway the game has awesome graphics the frame rate on Very high settings hovers around 80-90FPS at 2560x1080p. Incredibly stable and more than playable. Its amazed me how well the game runs even on AMD Graphics Cards. I am currently running an R9 Fury X and the game runs smooth as butter. The Nvidia gamework Features dont effect my gameplay but i see no need for it. The Game has a Vysnc issue and wont run stable 60fps...Pretty Sure it will be fixed. Apart from these 2 little things....The game is awesome and needs to be bought and put into your Steam library. And keep it in your Library for good!. Please Ubisoft keep releasing good ports. I have been a long time fan of your work...But for the past 4 years or so you declined however........THIS GAME IS A SOLID 10/10!. WELL DONE UBISOFT. You deserve a F""""king medal. Is this the start of the upclimb of Ubisoft? I hope so. :)Buy it...You will be impressed. Contender for game of the year and its only march!. If you dont buy this game....You absolutely suck. And not to mention im Happy Ubisoft has finally released a game which is amazing on AMD cards.I have been super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when a game is dedicated to Nvidia and performance on AMD declines!.BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,460930,30369928,Posted: 7 March,all,Coldust,"Short Review focusing on Pros and Cons & Future.I will Edit this post depending on future missionsPros:- Map is Massive, there are empty areas true but they're beautiful- Lots of missions and side missions- Graphics are good (downgraded but still good)- It's fun to play, especially with friends- Character Customization gives you tons of options- Drivivng is very goodCons:- Optimization is not great- Missions get repetitive, especially for Solo Players- Difficulty doesn't matter Easy or Hard require same skills- A.I. is Dumb- Microtransactions (Damn I love Golden Vehicles bought them)- Your Personal Vehicles can't be ordered, you have to go and get themand they'll probably be destroyed until you reach your destination...Future:- There will be PVP, atleast 4v4 (I hope 8v8 will be a thing)- I don't know about whole current story but one of the dlc's will include Inside missions so these are alot different than current ones, you'll act as one of their own.- Seasonal Events, I'm not really sure what kind of Seasonal events these will be, and if they will bring content, but I hope there will be Seasonal Events like (Halloween, Xmas etc)."
,Not Recommended,460930,32088437,Posted: 31 May,all,edga48,cheap money grab not worth the cash
,Recommended,460930,30394200,Posted: 8 March,all,Dellion,"Open world game with sniping and stealth aspects. Having fun, and thats what counts."
,Recommended,460930,33083530,Posted: 1 July,all,Anelisse,"Great game with awesome graphic and many missions + this map it's so huge.You can drive any vehicle cars,planes,helicopters,motorcycles.- great graphic.- great gameplay.- great story.- great DLC's- 10/10 for this game."
76561198013201559,Recommended,460930,30372093,Posted: 7 March,all,Arieark,"FPS could be better but other than that a good game. A cross between far cry and gta, wont suit everyone but for me its fun. Large free roam map. Can be as tacticle as you want to make it."
,Not Recommended,460930,30661930,Posted: 21 March,all,▶ℛΣѦƇṮɨᏉΣ◀   _̶!̶-ＤＪＲ!̶_,Unplayable suddenly it got glitchy! reminds me of the old GTA..
76561198053167193,Recommended,460930,30368072,Posted: 6 March,all,HoboMcHerbington,I started the game and it was running pretty bad but then I restarted my computer and it actually ran better! I don't know if anyone else is having the same problem with the game! and I was to quick to judge this game becasue i thought it was terribly optimized but its actually good. I'd say to give it a try if your into open world games and tactical shooters. or definently wait for a sale!
,Recommended,460930,30654282,Posted: 21 March,all,ahsan_alam,Hi allFinished the game just few minutes ago. I enjoyed this game 100%. One of the best realistic gameplay i have ever seen. Apart from few technical issues this game is excellent in my opinion.the story was nice as well.Fallen ghost : i felt this DLC is better than the base game. enemies are smart asF...fun to play.
76561198007270578,Not Recommended,460930,30444090,Posted: 11 March,all,Ranger one,"Not worth full price, got a refund. Might pick it up when its on sale."
76561198142480625,Recommended,460930,31974334,Posted: 26 May,all,Pharo,Loved it
76561198013342192,Not Recommended,460930,30595301,Posted: 18 March,all,Quackks,"This is a console to PC port.   Was very optimistic about this game but after playing it for a couple days I sort of regret getting it.  It's like an Assassin's Creed/Far Cry rehash of the same exact game, just with paramilitary aspects.  Marketed to play as solo but the AI is so worthless.  My biggest complaints is the controls, and this is where you really tell its a console port.  It's all clunky, it's like they don't realize its a pc.  Heavily disappointed,"
,Recommended,460930,30368736,Posted: 7 March,all,Abd ulR ahman,<3
76561197973307364,Recommended,460930,30369897,Posted: 7 March,all,Jordon,"I went in expecting a Ghost Recon game with a more ""Far Cry"" style world. I expected this game to be tactical, challenging and realistic.Imagine my shock when I got GTA.I get that we're making video games and all, but stop sticking ""Tom Clancy"" on the front of♥♥♥♥♥♥when you're releasing gangsta♥♥♥♥♥♥where you shoot from car windows..... still, it's a good game. After raging because this is NOT what Ghost Recon should be, I will conceed to a positive review. The game is fun, the squad combat is enjoyable, the game runs well.  Just know you're getting a new GTA game, not a challenging tactical Clancy experience."
,Not Recommended,460930,34081099,Posted: 7 August,all,Steel,Looks much better in videos than actually playing it.
,Recommended,460930,30414398,Posted: 9 March,all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,"Having not really played any massive open world games (Far Cry, Just Cause, barely any GTA) this was very fun. Played with a buddy and just drove around doing missions which were everywhere. I like the guns and abilities. There's a lot of customization and the drone you get is sweet! The movement can be fixed (sprinting kinda feels weird) and there are a few bugs but I give it a 9 / 10"
76561197996046319,Not Recommended,460930,32014544,Posted: 28 May,all,кєi∂σ,"A lot could be said: poor dialogue/scenario, AWFUL driving/piloting mechanics, tons of superlufous and mind numbing missions (such as ""collecting medals""), lack of sense of progress, etc, etc.To put it in a few words: it gets boring very quick. Don't buy it unless it's heavily discounted and you only want a game to play once in a while."
,Recommended,460930,30388382,Posted: 8 March,all,Ghost,10/10 lets me kidnap my friends and put them in the trunk
76561198061999041,Recommended,460930,30392324,Posted: 8 March,all,lem0nate,"It reminds me a lot of MGSV without the goofy gadgets and story but with added multiplayer. The world is really big the environments are varied and I personally believe the AI are about what you'd expect from this type of game and I dont really see any reason to complain about them. The only downsides about this game are the driving (It's horrible) some pretty frequent crashes and issues with having an ""outdated game"" and the fact that you have to use uplay."
76561197970817516,Not Recommended,460930,30388923,Posted: 8 March,all,Fodder,"In truth this is more of a ""two thumbs sideways and a noncommittal shrug,"" but that wasn't an option.  I wish there was more than just thumbs up or down, because there are certain people that will love this game.  If you were one of the band that enjoyed the Division, you'll probably be among those singing this game's praises.  However, most PC gamers will find this to be the epitome of mediocre.  In so many ways, this game feels like a Far Cry clone, with a few clever twists.  Just as often I was reminded of Mad Max - this game is prettier than Mad Max if just from the environment standpoint - the graphics are on par honestly - but the controls for Wildlands are worse on EVERY level.  The shooting is passable, but the 3rd person camera is mostly there to annoy.  Cars are passable, but the plane had NO RUDDER at the moment.And then there's the already infamous helicopter.  I LOVE helicopters in games - it was one of the things I MOST looked forward to in this game.  *sigh*  Liquor up a monkey and let it drive - it'll do just as well and give you more enjoyment in the process.  Seriously, if more than 5 minutes of effort was put into programming the helicopter, whoever designed the controls for that thing should be fired, have their high school diploma revoked, and possibly demoted back to kindergarten... it's just that sad.This is not a terrible game, but it's very hard to justify the full-blown price for the mediocrity to be found within.  If you just can't get enough Far Cry and the Division, then maybe.  But if you're even the slightest burned out on those games, maybe take a pass until the Steam Summer Sale when this hopefully hits $20."
76561198391280959,Not Recommended,460930,35029193,Posted: 17 September,all,khushmanjauhar,No not worth the cash gets boring very early
,Recommended,460930,30369322,Posted: 7 March,all,Slizergiy,"Enjoyed the beta, enjoying what I've done so far. My one major complaint is with the day one premium currecny and sevrel pay to win unlocks. I get the felling this is going to be covered in Jim's ""Ohh Ubisoft"" segment in the near future."
,Not Recommended,460930,30416929,Posted: 9 March,all,Reignswolf,"WILDLANDSNice environmentNice soundsNice graphicsNice gunplayNice loadouts and customizationTerrible co-op disconnect problemTerrible vehicle controls - especially the helicopterTerrible uni-mmersive civilian AITerrible glitches - people appearing outside of vehicle in co-opThis game needs to be updated and shouldn't have been released fully in this state.Farcry + The Division + GTA + Arcade State of Decay driving...4 hours of trying to play with a friend, constant disconnects after 5-15min. Spent most of that time simply trying to look online for people having similar issues trying to fix it.4/10.Requested a refund.May rebuy when it's patched and playable in co-op for ALL players.Refund denied...Second refund request.Refund denied...#feelsbadman.Guess I'll have to try to enjoy it."
,Recommended,460930,30368291,Posted: 6 March,all,MC.jizzles™,"i highly recommend this game to anyone who like open world games, coop, and highly customizable characters along with a pretty good story line and fun mission. overall this game isnt perfect but if your looking for a fun time this is a great game for that. btw the graphics looks fantastic and the optimisation is on point. in my opinion ubisoft did an amazing job with this game. EDIT: after spending more time into the game and realizing that it took me 4 hours to semi complete and entire provice i learned that i will not be able to finish this game quickly unless i just go for main missions. so far it is still a great buy."
76561198062514534,Recommended,460930,30445909,Posted: 11 March,all,Sarvah,"This game is basically the child of Arma and Division with excellent graphics and open world.Graphically its very much stable on my GTX 1050ti with very high settings.Apart from customizing your character ,you can customize your guns to your heart content.The best part is ,you can explore and collect new guns,new gun-parts,intel files etc giving you a purpose to explore a lot in this game.Also the backstories are excellent,giving you the purpose to eliminate all the 'BAD' guys.My second fav Ubisoft game in recent years after Watch Dogs 2Grab it !!! ;)"
76561198189050954,Not Recommended,460930,30400194,Posted: 8 March,all,Warpig,"Got real bored of this game real quick.Pros-Great concept, I love the idea of hunting down the different leaders of the cartel-Great customization-Good graphicsCons-Gameplay is repetitve and gets boring quick-Everything on the map looks the same. You have your different regions that look different enivornmentally but other than that nothing really stands out.Conclusion:It is not a terrible game and many people will like it but to me it got boring real quick. It had a good impression at first and I love the concept but the game itself doesn't excite me."
,Not Recommended,460930,30418246,Posted: 9 March,all,King_of_Chaos,"Upon the first 30 minutes of gameplay, I witnessed multiple glitches involving disappearing characters and randomized stuttering. The game feels poorly optimized and unpolished at best. Games which look much better (such as Battlefield 1) will hit upwards of 100 FPS on the highest settings on my system, this game struggled to stay above 40. Overall, I cannot justify paying $80, $90 or $120 CDN for this title just yet, as there is quite a bit of patchwork needed before the game can truly be enjoyed. It's a great idea, and a great concept, but at this time, poorly optimzied and poorly executed. Hopefully in a couple months time, the situation will have improved. Until then, I'll say this: Buyer beware. If you expect to run this on Ultra without a multi-thousand dollar system, you're sorely mistaken. Even with a high-spec system, expect stuttering, glitching, frame rate drops and even sporadic crashes."
,Not Recommended,460930,30402771,Posted: 8 March,all,WARLORD,"P2P matchmaking? Check. Lag spikes despite fast internet connection? Check. Random freezes affecting all teammates? Check. Refund? check. Ubisoft strikes again, and nobody's surprised.Might be worth it if you can pick it up on sale and get a group of friends to play. Otherwise, don't bother."
,Recommended,460930,30368347,Posted: 6 March,all,Nova,"Works fine for me, my friend and I are kicking♥♥♥♥♥and taking names.Minor tweaks to the graphics had my game purring like a kitten. And I dont have a super high powered machine, just a decent one.Worth the money too me, if you like just cause, or farcry or division, you will probably enjoy this, but bring a friend or two."
76561198085455728,Recommended,460930,30427130,Posted: 10 March,all,Mr Castrol,"Ok played Both Closed and Open beta.(My thought's on that where)car's suck,Flying suck's,laggy,freezing all the time.I was worryed because i Pre Ordered it!!!!And after what the Divsion did to me was a little more worryed!!!!The release came loaded it up.Mind Blow ran smoother than a baby's bottom ( had issuse's while freakn Auto save) freeze.But apart from that.Never have i had so much fun in this game there's-Laughing-Crying-Running from Unidad Happens alot lol-reviving-Glitches the fun one'sBut on a real note.There a ♥♥♥♥en alot to do i♥♥♥♥♥♥you knot!!!!i'm running max everythink have odd issuse's at start nothing to write home about or Write on steam forum's about been a blast just finshed a 8 hour session no crashes nothing so it's fine.The world itself is WOW just WOW the detail in this (Clapping)the mission's them self's well havn't played it by myself yet are and should be for 4 player's or 3 or a solo Ramboif unidad are around get ready for Fun lol ( Noramlly me getting us into the♥♥♥♥♥♥Back to mission's some are super hard or you have to be SUPER I MEAN SUPER STEALTH!!! like dont even fart or fail mission lol.and when ever you exract some one the plan never come's out like those E3 Vid's ""Hell Break's loose""this for me where the fun come's in the 3 people i've been playing with we all have our skill's and tactic'sSound.Well get used to hearing HOLA!!! alot lol and random women screaming ( we call this♥♥♥♥♥♥scream's lol)Gun's sound amazing as they shouldCar's some have turbo's,some don't but you know when your in a V8whole world amazing.The radio station What the ♥♥♥♥ where you thinking about i'd do a much better job than that♥♥♥♥♥♥(only flaw)just give a option to add our own Custom tracks at least.The main Bad dude in this Remind's me of Kingpin from Daredevil on netflick's.Overall this game blew me out of the water and still does just an amazing location.very well set out.these guy's did a awsome job 50 somethink hours havent even really started lol.10/10PS Get used to Unidadhttp://i.imgur.com/BIRrDMF.png"
76561198052817789,Recommended,460930,30389009,Posted: 8 March,all,Gibbi03,"Its refreshing to have a game by Ubisoft that actually works perfect on pc. Super fun stratigic gameplay. And having your squad with you definetly helps make the game feel more lively. Love the graphics, love the gameplay, love the story. This is a GOOD BUY."
,Recommended,460930,30418588,Posted: 9 March,all,Scurll,"I don't usually pay full price for a game without Fallout in the title, but retail therapy is what it is. GR:W is a typical Ubi game in the sense of repetition with regards to uncovering map areas, side missions, climbing towers, looting collectibles. It plays like a cross between Far Cry and The Division, with elements of Just Cause. It's very satifying to take down a compound with three friends over voice chat (as with any game TBF).The combat is very tight, and the guns feel powerful and responsive. The driving is skewy at best. I've found it much easier to use a controller for air vehicles. The ground vehicles handle pretty well, and are a lot of fun. The AI is pretty on par, much better than say L4D bots, though I've noticed it doesn't always get out of the way of a blast radius. The skill tree is very compact, yet still accessible, but doesn't lead to any branching characters with regards to replayability (at least unique replayability). Character customisation options are varied, you're sure to find an avatar you like. The specialised PC GFX options are much appreciated in this day and age, especially on a multiplatform release, and especially as I've just bought a new rig with a 1080.I like the game and I'm going to complete it, so I'm going to get my money's worth. Not sure about the DLC at this stage.Bugs I've noticed after 20 hours:- One where I suddenly couldn't use binoculars or a drone; Restarting solved the problem.- One where I accidentally destroyed a supply convoy, but was still able to GPS-tag the wrecked car for rebel pickup.- If you smash the headlights on your car, the lightbeams still project onto the road. It's far easier to drive with NVG at night, so removing that really wouldn't cause a problem to the player (even though NVG is an unlockable skill). It's just weird looking back at the front of your vehicle and seeing smashed headlights projecting light.- Another, not really a bug, but I got stuck in a hole reconning a compound, I had to fast travel out and restart the assault (troops had respawned).For the size, scope and quality of the game, these are fine IMO.Couple tips I wish I'd have learned earlier:- Max Sync Shot early. It means your team can take out four targets simultaneously.- Even if you don't use stealth, using your binoculars and drone will help you recon and give you exact enemy positions.- Use the radial menu to control the AI. They're pretty good, but sometimes need a hand.- Prioritising choosing skill point and weapon locations when scouting intel will make it a lot easier to level up- Make sure you're away from roads when reconning. Several times I have been spotted and engaged by a simple gang car driving by on a road, which in turn enrages the base. I'm also terrible at games, so this one may not be a prolem for you.- Always drive off. The AI will teleport into however many free seats are in your vehicle (up to three obv). It's a little immersion-breaking, but it's far better (read: fun) than waiting for three separate bots to get in three separate doors before you even think about accelerating away.Final line: It's a very good game, and if you can forgive Ubisoft tropes, it's a great game, and it's even better in MP."
,Recommended,460930,30430049,Posted: 10 March,all,【-LGD-】Legendary ⚔,Game is Good but need to fix some Problem bug crash on GTX980 2x sliany way Good Game i like
76561197983206590,Recommended,460930,30409498,Posted: 9 March,all,James,"Pro's:Better than the BetaHours of game playInsane difficulty if you want itGo in guns blazing or super stealthNIGHT Vision Rocks! just wanna play at night always!Con's:Annoying that you can Drive or fly off and your team magically appearsThe AI team do not HOLD when you ask them to which leads to a savage fight with Unidad and quite often me dieing but i have learnt to let them get killed in a fight then run off, that seems to work at the moment lol!In full ultra mode my PC can't keep up.. new PC being built :)Overall:Love it, can't get enough of it. FarCry meets Ghost recon, does not deserve the Tom Clancy title yet but it's still release week so hopefully it can only get better.What i would like to see fixed\added:No loadout changes unless you're at an ammo crateAI does what you ask it toHelicopters... actually be able to shoot at somthing rather than spray and pray!Motorbikes blow up rather than be able to go directly down a mountain in a straight lines making every mountain a huge jump rampBe a passenger in the car while the team drives to a waypoint or have control of the mini gunPlanes with guns ;)"
76561198019183336,Recommended,460930,30411260,Posted: 9 March,all,JamesCross,"*EDIT* A lot of people have been complaining about the vehicle controls... I'm not sure what game many of you are playing, but I found them to be really good. Haven't flown but one plane, but the helicopter controls are perfect for me. Car controls are a little floaty, but still not bad. Just my opinion, but I seriously don't understand that complaint...Overall I feel that most people who played this did so for the wrong reasons. Let me clarify. I played the original Ghost Recon, and I've played ever Ghost Recon to date since. They were tactical shooters, and while this is a tactical shooter, it's also a bit more ambitious than that. This is a game that takes cues from games such as Farcry, ARMA (very heavily similar to ARMA actually), Sniper Elite and maybe even a bit of MGSV. It combines aspects of all of those games. Now one thing I would like to point out that I find hypocritical in people's opinion on this game... everyone keeps pointing to the original game as a paragon of the Ghost Recon fromula. They keep saying also that this game is ""repetitive"". I played the original for over 40 hours back in the day. It was INSANELY repetitive. It had different objectives, but almost no story, and what was there was little more than you'll get here. It was also the same missions give or take a couple objectives. It was very good, and one of my favorite games, but it was exactly that... good... not amazing. It was not the game everyone here is hyping it up as.This game is a revolution for the franchise. The last game in the series, Future Soldier, was criticized for feeling too linear, a complaint on virtually every game in the series. This one did away with that and gave us an open world. I believe it is better for that decision. Now you have complete freedom in how to tackle objectives. You can do so in virtually any way you see fit, even some of the more ridiculous ones. It is certainly flawed. It can get repetitive, but it is also fun.I was not looking at this game as the be all end all of gaming. I did not buy it thinking it would be perfect or near to it. I purchased this game because it is fun. Thats it. Thats what matters in a game. It doesn't need a story. It doesn't need anything more than it is. It is fun. Plain and simple.As for the performance. I'm on an I5 with a 970 GTX graphics card. I'm getting about 70fps constantly on very high - ultra settings. I have heard that this is varying from set up to set up. If you are interested in the game I would recomend taking advantage of Steams refund window. If the game doesn't work, refund it and wait for updates or new drivers and then pop back in.The game, I find, is worth what I paid (60$). I've already gotten 7 hours of fun out of it and I haven't even gotten out of the first 2 zones. I haven't found it to be repetitive yet, and I have had nothing but fun with it. If you like ARMA (albeit with a little less realism and closer combat) or Farcry, I would certainly recommend this game to you. If you dont, but you find it intriguing, again, you have the refund window. If you simply don't see yourself enjoying this game, or you find it to be boring looking, fine, just pass  on. No need to go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on a game simply because it isn't the kind of game you like.This is not the original Ghost Recon. This is not what we grew up with. This is a new beast, but one I'm happy to have with me now. 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,30410269,Posted: 9 March,all,funeral arrangements,9 - Great game... Star Games9 - More please... Informed Gamer8 - Played it for days... Game Hero3 - Could be better... All Games
,Recommended,460930,30418467,Posted: 9 March,all,kysHaiden,"I r8 8/8: Gr8 b8, m8. I rel8, str8 appreci8, and congratul8. I r8 this b8 an 8/8. Plz no h8, I'm str8 ir8. Cr8 more, can't w8. We should convers8, I won't ber8, my number is 8888888, ask for N8. No calls l8 or out of st8. If on a d8, ask K8 to loc8. Even with a full pl8, I always have time to communic8 so don't hesit8. dont forget to medit8 and particip8 and masturb8 to allevi8 your ability to tabul8 the f8. We should meet up m8 and convers8 on how we can cre8 more gr8 b8, I'm sure everyone would appreci8, no h8. I don't mean to defl8 your hopes, but its hard to dict8 where the b8 will rel8 and we may end up with out being appreci8d, I'm sure you can rel8. We can cre8 b8 like alexander the gr8, stretch posts longer than the Nile's str8s. We'll be the captains of b8, ubisoft our first m8s the growth r8 will spread to steam and like real est8 and be a flow r8 of gr8 b8, like a blind d8 we'll coll8, meet me upst8 where we can convers8, or ice sk8 or lose w8 infl8 our hot air baloons and fly, tail g8. We could land in Kuw8, eat a soup pl8 followed by a dessert pl8 the payment r8 won't be too ir8 and hopefully our currency won't defl8. We'll head to the Israeli-St8, taker over like Herod the gr8 and b8 the jewish masses, 8 million, m8. We could interrel8 communism, thought it's past it's maturity d8, a department of st8, volunteer st8. reduce the infant mortality r8, all in the name of making gr8 b8 m8. 8/8"
,Recommended,460930,30441326,Posted: 10 March,all,BLOOD_BROTHERS,"One of the best open world adventure game with a huge map probably 3X greater than GTA V . Full of missions which will keep you busy all the time in this open world. Very much tactical gaming required , need much plans for doing missions stealthily and can approach a mission in various ways . Difficulty level hard is fun in playing and gives much of reality and the scenary is just speechless , the graphics they have is just fabulous , feels like real world . But there are some glitches bugs which needs to be fixed as soon as possible and need to add some more activities like racing. They should also increase the survival level in the game . Lots of framedrops also occurs which needs to be fixed . Overall its a nice game to buy and play . Its worth of money if you see the scenary only they have made. Buy it if your pc configuration is good enough to play in high settings."
76561198164012332,Recommended,460930,30384450,Posted: 7 March,all,Maaazik,Its a great game! It has a great tactical feel with extreme mode the real fun starts. Very optimised and a beautiful world!
76561197998952685,Recommended,460930,30473264,Posted: 12 March,all,Tubesteak,"This game is very addictive! All you want to do is unlock that one more gun, gun part, complete that mission, or upgrade one more gadget. Before you buy this game tell your boss you'll be useless at work because your going to have some late nights playing this game."
,Recommended,460930,30485759,Posted: 12 March,all,Lucifer,"1st game i bought at full price since GTA V & i dont regret it, i love the game.It's a ubisoft game so it has it's kinks but the fun CO-OP, the freedom to customize your weapons & actully your character (not much on the physical side but you got quite a bit of clothing & accessories for char) the open world and freedom in general to do what the F*** you want really makes the game enjoyable and super fun to me, if anything from what i described above appeals you i recommend this game to you.Also let's not forget you're not forced to play a specific Gender/Race you get to decide who your character is!"
,Recommended,460930,30619436,Posted: 19 March,all,Krap,"From a completely solo, no online play perspective.This is what the I thought the Division was going to be, when I first seen trailers for it. I was super dissapointed with how the Division turned out, and couldnt be happier with this game. I have spent the last 15 hours creeping around the jungles of Bolivia, armed with a Vector/ACR and a M40A5 sniper rifle, eliminating narco terroists one round at a time. I am playing the game on the hardest difficulty, and am pleasently suprised at how tough the game really can be.The AI that you are proivded with for teamates could certainly use improvements. They dont stand out as anything special, and I am sure that is meant to encourage you to play online. However, the AI works perfectly for what I want them to do. I send them to one side of an enemy base in sort of a ""Overwatch mode"", and then proceed to attack from the other side. You will be happy to know that the AI will not engage without your say so, unless engaged upon (or about to be compromised), so no worries on them giving away your position. The enemy AI also does not possess X-Ray vision, so no staring at you through walls here, when you break LoS, you break LoS- end of story.The only regrets I have about this game is not turning on recording software from the get-go, as some of the coolest gaming moments I have ever had have been performed in this game, and I'll never be able to show them again... One of these moments was shooting the pilot out of a ""Litte Bird"" style chopper, as he perfomed a strafing run on me, total luck- but couldn't have been cooler!If I could give you an image on how solo play is in this game, and to compare it to previous titles, imageine playing FarCry 2/3 (4? I never played 4) with a ghost recon feel. You can set up a roadblock on the side of a road, wait for a convoy to come rolling through, and just obliterate them... and then react to reality when the convoy calls in a chopper and you have the most intense fire fight you've ever had with AI, one that if you win you'll feel accomplishment out of, and if you lose you'll laugh about and make sure you try it a bit different the next go around.*************If you die, you spawn near the same objective/camp you died at, so no worry about running all the way across the map to retry the same camp. You spawn far enough away that you could walk off with no harm done, but close enough you can get right back into the action. That's a pretty good feature for solo play in my opinion, and one worth noting.8.5/10i5-7600kGTX 1060 6gb16gb DDR4 320024 inch AOC 144hz MonitorGame played on maxed out graphics at 50 FPS, with no noticable lag."
76561198005522182,Recommended,460930,30378055,Posted: 7 March,all,Quintus_Fontane,"In short:Is Wildlands a super tactical game? No.Is it very realistic? Not really.Does it contain avoidable flaws? Yes.How many things would I change? Many.Is it still a ton of fun to play regardless? ABSOLUTELY.One day into this game and I adore it already. Don't dismiss it out of hand, go and watch a Let's Play and judge for yourself before you write it off."
,Recommended,460930,30638176,Posted: 20 March,all,Mŗ.P̸eps̛i͏ # [_] <<<,"So i just 100% everything in this game (skill points, accessories, main story etc) and i have to say that i did not get bored once i dont know how that even happened, most of the time when im trying to 100% a game it bores the ♥♥♥♥ out of me but this game just kept me entertained, idk what is everyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing about sure, the missions can get a little repetitive but its still fun nonetheless (its even better if you have friends as well).I would have to say that this game is easily the best game of 20179/10."
76561198039087483,Recommended,460930,30638279,Posted: 20 March,all,MaxPwn,♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft. I hate u-play and I hate micro-transactions on a 60$ AAA title.
76561198025864014,Recommended,460930,30639560,Posted: 20 March,all,cyborgsniper,Dont listen to people who claim its The division but in a different setting. Its a great game with lots of areas to explore and things to do. Play with friends for Maxium enjoyment.
,Not Recommended,460930,30518056,Posted: 14 March,all,TrelL,60 hours of playing this game through to kill this one end boss... and then the ai kills him in a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cut scene... ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft... I gave you a chance after division... it was ok. But go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves now. Never again will I buy one of your dumb ♥♥♥♥ing games.
76561198123701362,Recommended,460930,30380799,Posted: 7 March,all,Ich Liebe Dich,UBISOFT gets it right !!lovely co-op gameplay... massive map... beautiful landscape and terrain...ample weapon customisation !! Real life like bullet sounds...A must have for open world tactical shooter game lovers...
76561198348029265,Not Recommended,460930,30463895,Posted: 11 March,all,Justin_760,"It seems like Ubisoft puts out so many of these open world shooter games nowadays, and thats just fine with me. After The Division I was a bit pessimistic about touching another one of their run of the mill open world titles, but I am happy with this purchase. The game is huge and there is A LOT to do however its all a bit shallow and hollow feeling, which is pretty much the ONLY complaint I have with this. For example, there are a ridiculous amount of mission and cartel people to take on, but sadly each and every mission is so bland and simplistic. After 60 hours of gameplay Im MAYBE half through, which is great because I feel like Im getting my moneys worth however the experience has been generally forgettable and lacking, the missions are not thrilling or even remotely unique. Extract this guy, kill these guys, destroy this, extract that. Each mission feels identical and bland even when presented in a different way, or in a different biome/environment.There are deserts, forests, mountains, and the world is huge but it is generally empty and artificial feeling, mainly due to my second HUGE gripe. The graphics SUCK. The textures for foliage are utter crap and the ghillie suit is glitched so bad I cant even wear it because the textures glitch so bad it looks ridiculous (google it.) I play on extreme graphics settings too so thats what really makes it upsetting for a new game like this. Frame rate is 60-100 usually though so thats good. The map has very few different wildlife. Youll see videos or screenshots of flamingo flocks or armadillos or llamas running around, but they feel like they came straight out of a game from a decade ago.The world feels very sterile and empty. There are absolutely NO random events, nothing moves or breathes until you come within range of it, this is a narco state where the cartel is systematically killing people and controlling everything yet there are never any gunshots or explosions or firefight sounds in the distance, or any firefights that happen anywhere except when you initiate them. This feels like a step backward considering all Ubis open world shooters from years previous had this feature, like Far Cry 4. This game just makes me want to play Far Cry 4 every time I play it, and I dont understand how a game like that from years ago can be so far past this game not only in graphics and physics but in substance, story, voice overs, and generally EVERY aspect of the game.Things like the voice overs, they have hundreds of these little medals you can find to get skill points yet they only recorded THREE different lines from voice actors to play each time you pick one up, so you hear the same stupid lines over and over and over. The presentation in beginning of the game makes it seem like this is narrative heavy and has cutscenes and story videos etc, yet after the intro they pretty much never appear again. Aside from little 30 seconds brief videos about different cartel members, or the occasional 15 second clip when you extract someone, there is nothing. Every time you get into a vehicle you get one of three recorded lines, all of which are korny and just terrible. The squad banter is artificial and repetetive to the point that squad mates feel like walking mannequins.""Boss fights"" which are the climax event after you clear a region are a HUGE let down. They are extremely anti climactic and go down just like any firefight with the regular broken AI peons that litter the games world. The main villain characters, buchons heads and underbosses, which are colorfully personified in the brief videos, seem to all be unique and interesting characters, but they are not. When you capture one they will repeat the same line over and over and over until you reach the extract location. One of them kept repeating ""**** you guey,♥♥♥♥♥♥madre"" or something like that, every 10 seconds. After the 5 minute trip to the extract location I had heard him say it maybe 40-50 times. The game just overwhelmingly kills any realism or immersion it might have with its archaic and aged dynamics that plague every facet of gameplay.I hate to bash Ubisoft but they have done it again, theyve released ANOTHER clone that turns out to be garbage, and will still make millions off it. This is the fifth or sixth Ubisoft game in a row Ive gotten that I have been extremely dissapointed in, and I continually fall for the trap and continue to buy their crap.Customization is great, you can customize weapons and your clothing, was dissapointed that almost half of the clothing/cosmetic items were locked and only could be purchased in form of microtransactions. Id rather they NOT tease you with it and only show it when you go specifically into the store. I thought I had all these items that were still locked and was waiting to unlock until I realized they were locked because you had to pay for them, which I wanted to do until I saw they were outragously priced, a weapon pack with a couple guns is like $10. I will probably buy one or two cosmetic packs if they make something cool but considering the price of them I feel like they dont include enough stuff to justify the purchase.7/10.... actually 0/10, read belowOverall this game is great, its fun and feels similar to MGSV but its very shallow and simplistic. Vehicles are great in my opinion, others disagree but I like how you can offroad and its actually fun. Not like MGSV where every little rock would bring your vehicles to a complete stop making you reverse then veer around them. The game feels half finished, and if they would have take just an extra month or two to add substance I feel this would have been a 8/10 or even 9/10 game. For me its just to hold me over till Andromeda so $60 to make the next 10 days not feel so torturous was a deal to me.Edit: Forgot to mention the ridiculous amounts of glitches in this game, namely the game breaking ones that have halted my progress. Unfortunately this forces me to change my 7/10 up thumb to a DOWN THUMB. There are game breaking glitches many are experiencing including myself, not just on PC. The ""major intel"" events that are NEEDED to progress in the different regions are not processing and simply are not showing up at all, and progression is completely stopped if/when this happens. And there is a ridiculously broken mission in another region where you have to escort a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI NPC named pulpo, google it and read the reddit posts, its ridiculously broken and most people cannot get past it. For some reason they decided to make an escort mission where a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI has to drive a few KILOMETERS to a nearby airport, all while minigun humvees get spawned on top of him over and over. Somehow this mission NEVER got tested by the devs and made it into their released version, Pulpo just gets completely thrashed in about 20 seconds and I have attempted it over a dozen times now.Other glitches include the myriad revive glitch where when you get revived from being down, you get back up and your guns dissapear, or you cant do anything but run, or your character is floating and the animations are broken, and many more. AI glitches and general stupidity means your AI teamates screw you over. When you get downed, they will run right to you, ignore the enemy AI and start reviving you, and enemy AI ignores your teamates, meaning the second they revive you your usually surrounded by enemies who are simply waiting for your to come back so they can thrash you the second you regain consciousness, leading to GAME OVER. Also enemy AI never shoots at anyone but you and ignores your team, and your team AI also will just stand out in the open when your stealthing and always be doing something ridiculous, shooting into walls because their tracking is broken, running into walls. etc. BROKEN.Oh and insta fail stealth missions which are ridiculously infuriating."
76561198129650275,Recommended,460930,30499939,Posted: 13 March,all,Ricin the Pirate Wolf,"NOTE: I played the Open Beta when Ubisoft was nice enough to let the general public play.  My total game hours including that are small, but enough to make this review possible by viewers like you.  Thank you.Ever want the gun customization of Fallout 4 without the ""this just ups damage and range"" and box you into a useless amount of that crap?  Ever want a nearly truly customizable character?  How bout driving UP mountains but not have to worry about committing atrocious crimes all the time?  (well... maybe a little.  ... maybe a lot)Then Wildlands is for you!Graphically Wildlands is a very pretty game.  The landscape, though sometimes bland, still looks gorgeous as a mountainous region of Bolivia.  Character models aren't really anything to write home about but I'm not too anal about that.  Gun models, textures, and other small details are gorgeous to say the least and easy on the eyes.The sound in this game is... well, sound.  It's not fantastic, not poor, but it's there.  Think of GTA:V's ambience since The Division is something we don't talk about.The gunplay:  The gunplay is what you'd expect (or not) from a Tom Clancy game.  It's no longer in first-person as you might have seen, but AMS IS or you can change the option for a more traditional third-person shooter view.  Personally?  I like the deparature.  Camera angles aren't too buggy, it flows well, and nothing really gets in the way of what you want to do.  Customizing your weapons has a wide variety of options too.  From barrels, sights, stocks, even the ♥♥♥♥ing firing mech you can toy with.  Plus paint, because everyone loves a truly custom weapon of pure death.Lastly, the co-op.  This game is way more fun with co-op and spreading your mayhem across Bolivia's massive landscape.  I don't need to say much more than GTA: Online's co-op with friends... only if people weren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on that.10/10 would try to take out drug cartels again"
76561198123099658,Recommended,460930,30408309,Posted: 9 March,all,LeetjeLeeLee,LOVE IT!!! :)
,Recommended,460930,30404291,Posted: 8 March,all,Systemic Risk,"I enjoyed this game, with a friend. But alone avoid this one."
,Recommended,460930,30404327,Posted: 8 March,all,Dying,it be good man
,Recommended,460930,30404401,Posted: 8 March,all,Minty,Really fun game! fun to play tactically with friends and the difficulty cranked up and HUD turned off. feels very realistic and the graphics are great!im definitly enjoying it so far!
,Recommended,460930,30440495,Posted: 10 March,all,Penguz,Love the graphics play style and the frames are decent and smooth on max graphics.Also love the open world and can either free roam or do any mission as you please.
76561198215199917,Recommended,460930,30474268,Posted: 12 March,all,Conan,"I was very excited for this game to come out and I am very impressed with the development. The game itself is very good with the lengthy campaign and the map is extremely huge, it seems to be larger than GTA 5's map. The missions within the game are good, some can be tidious but all in all the campaign gives you a lot of freedom by allowing you to start anywhere when it comes to the provinces. The only bad thing I don't like about the game is the vehicle mechanics. Besides that the game is in my opinion GREAT!"
76561198272667689,Recommended,460930,30475445,Posted: 12 March,all,Lateraluskid,Can't stop playing this game!! I just can't believe how big the map is!! I got a long way to go
76561197970285678,Recommended,460930,30476846,Posted: 12 March,all,Duke,Very good game for Coop play- Big World  with lots of variety- Awesome Gfx- good controllsthe bad things maybe come down to Vehicle controll and bugs they dont feel very good and are like rubber and glued to the ground.the quest design could be repetetive but for me its not a big issue but it is an actuall issue!All in all i would recommend it if you like Coop games!
,Recommended,460930,30474047,Posted: 12 March,all,Unkie Benis,"First of all the game is a blast to play. The combat is fun and engaging, not to mention very satisfying. There are lots of activities to do, and lots of guns and skills to unlock. It feels very rewarding getting better guns in the harder areas, as well as receiving special weapons from taking down bosses.The graphics are great. And as far as I can tell, the game on all ultra looks identical to the E3 gameplay we saw a year or two back, minus a few animation changes and less scripted situations. Normally in a game with a map this big, you'd think it'd be a burden to just walk to certain waypoints, but in this game its very enjoyable and really immersive to just hike through the dense jungles or through the towns and villages.We also practically got exactly what was advertised as well. Ubisoft stuck with their word and dropped a very good, not downgraded game which is exactly how it should be.The micro-transactions don't bother me at all. I haven't felt forced at all to buy some credits and spend it on weapon attachments, since everything is attainable in game without too much difficulty. I guess it works out if you're lazy. Most of the other items are purely cosmetic, so to each their own.The vehicle controls could use some work, I see that it tends to be the main issue everyone has with the game, but it isn't game breaking. The controls are somewhat sensitive but they can be adjusted so youre not constantly tapping the A and D keys just to turn. I suggest just sticking to main roads unless you have a dirt bike or dunebuggy, otherwise you wont have a very good time driving off road :POther then that, it's an awesome game, and I'd say its worth the money."
76561198081628703,Recommended,460930,30476022,Posted: 12 March,all,oSMOKIN1o,still few bugs but game looks amazing well done ubisoft
,Recommended,460930,30440834,Posted: 10 March,all,Aoterr,"I love this game.This game is my favourite game right now because of the open world atmosphere, the map size and just ♥♥♥♥ing around with friends.Now, the story in this game isn't very good. It doesn't have any emotional bond or hatered towards characters and you never get any backstory of any characters other than El Sueno in the first cutscene of the game.But the bugs in this game and the missions you can do and the basic functions of the game make playing this the best game ever. There isn't any paid content that gives you a PvP (for when it's released) boost, like Ubisoft does, unless you count weapon and attachment packs which can all be unlocked in the game.Anyways, I give this a thumbs up, good work Ubisoft."
76561198025332619,Recommended,460930,30487954,Posted: 13 March,all,Prometheus,well after the patch for PC has come out with SLI support everything is running smooth. Meanwhile the gameplay is fun. But Ubisoft has increased the prices.
76561198290600375,Recommended,460930,30419888,Posted: 9 March,all,braydo,"best single-player/co-op fps i have ever played. i hope they dont screw up the pvp when its released,"
76561198001067617,Recommended,460930,30419806,Posted: 9 March,all,Keg,"Pleasantly surprised! I was expecting a huge mess, but being Ghost Recon I still had to pick this up. Low and behold it runs great! My wife and I are having fun, but I can see where it can get repetitive to some people. Maybe its because my expectations where so low for another Ubisoft game,  but I dont think this is the case. This game hits the mark when playing coop, strategizing a bit, or just going all out Rambo style if you please.... and if you are having fun, what more can you ask for? As I said before I can see where some people would think this would get repetitive, or that this shouldnt be called ghost recon, but I think we have just gotten so used to hating Ubisoft that they hardly give it a fair chance. If you have a friend or 2, definitely pick this up and have a go."
76561198134320425,Recommended,460930,30440271,Posted: 10 March,all,TheLilStreamer,Absolutely love this game!
76561198184962343,Recommended,460930,30570654,Posted: 17 March,all,cosmothegreat89,"I think the game is good. The open world is awesome and beautiful, unfortunately kinda empty. Lots to do so little time to do it. 25 hrs in and I haven't even seen half the map. Flying or quick traveling is the only way to get around quickly. Lots of guns which is cool, level up system helps you out a smig. The character customization is cool. I do wish the camo actually had some sort of functionality other than looking cool. Now to the part that drives me nuts. AI is stupid. And not in the sense that they don't work. So I shoot from 540 meters prone with silenced rifle (miss) , entire base on alert , knows my exact position down to the inch. Bald men in wife beaters come running with dual Mac 10's full auto hitting me with every bullet still at 500+ meters.  Hopefully Ubisoft stands behind this like they are with rainbow 6 siege. I wish it had more random GTA moments, that make you laugh or go "" that was unexpected "". All in all I'm enjoying my time killing wife beater wearing drug dealers. One fun thing is hunting animals, or trying to hit birds with the shot guns."
76561198168480278,Recommended,460930,30583759,Posted: 17 March,all,LoneagL09,"Please disreard the 0.2 hours on record. I play offline in my office.Here's a singleplayer review after logging in 15 hours -1. The AI is not perfect, but as you level them up, they definitely get better.2. The AI perform better when given specific orders. Move to specific location works always. 'Follow me' about half the time.3. The enemy AI always seems better. So better, in fact, that they are liable to see you first most times. Apparently, they   have a sixth sense specially for you, and detect you behind walls and such. To balance things out, your squad can shoot through walls, trees and even entire mountains in a sync-shot.4. The squad AI pass along a lot of awkward jokes that nobody laughs at.5. The squad AI isn't that bad, and most times they do detect enemy, and warn you of new enemies along with specific location (""sniper in the tower!""). Weirdly enough, they can mark enemies through walls.6. You needn't wait for your buddies to get in a car. They magically appear once you start driving.7. Your buddies are huge bullet-sponges. This helps when you are down and need revival.8. Also, they cannot take down choppers.9. Stealth sequences always work awesomely, which makes me think the AI was made with stealth in mind.Overall, a fun single-player expierence in a keep-your-brains-aside- when-playing way."
,Recommended,460930,30589649,Posted: 18 March,all,Pixel Skull,"Map has alot to do, enemies can be challenging and the customization is above and beyond! This game is double the fun with a team mate and a friend than just yourself."
76561198055936251,Recommended,460930,30500991,Posted: 13 March,all,HasteDay,"Look, It is mostly PVE, but here are my pros and consPros:Graphics are actually decentThe AI Teammates in solo are usefulIf you play with friends, or randoms it will be a great time (Seriously)The campaign is something to stick toCons:The shot register can be an issue, even when you try to go the long shot (500+ Meters)and thats about it I can think of...."
,Recommended,460930,30532534,Posted: 15 March,all,SKYKR ✅,This game is very fun to play however i do find some fps dips into the mid 30s in towns but this could be a bug that might be fixed in the later future. i would recomend you to have a very good graphics card in the gtx 10 series or better  to try and counter this bug at the current date of 15/03/17This game is even better with a friend and 100% will chage the experiance for you as i do find playing a long mission by my self very boring and sometimes repetative
76561198136413791,Recommended,460930,30549119,Posted: 16 March,all,oXigbar,idk i like it lol
76561198091954487,Recommended,460930,30476036,Posted: 12 March,all,Gowerpowerz,great fun
,Recommended,460930,30461815,Posted: 11 March,all,Vynewind,Excellent game
,Not Recommended,460930,30370254,Posted: 7 March,all,Terroriza,"I want to like this game and play it more, but there is just nothing here that pulls you in. I have loaded it up about 6 times and within 2 hours it gets really boring and I stop playing. I've only played about 12 hours, but it feels like 25+. Nothing in the game feels urgent or important.The open world part of the game is great. I spent more time roaming around taking out random outpost than on the main missions. It's fun, they have tons of vehicles and aircraft. It's fairly tactical, but not on the same level as previous titles. The big issue is that it gets really boring running around doing the same thing over and over. There is no incentive to follow the main story, plus the story kind of sucks. Whether you follow the story or not it's all kind of the same thing. You just run around and take out anything from small outpost to large military bases.Their are many weapon, gear and mod options. Tactical commands are ok and ai is a bit on the dumb side. Visually the game looks amazing, but the rest of it is just a bit underwhelming. If your looking for an open world 3rd person shooter and don't care much for the tactics or story then you might really like this. Just running around and doing random things is actually pretty fun, but if you want something more, it's going to be a let down.I can't recommend something at this price that I have almost no interest in playing after only 12 hours."
76561197975912077,Recommended,460930,30422602,Posted: 10 March,all,Vicarious,"SCORE7 / 10TLDRThere is something about this game that I just can't get enough of however. It's just so satisfying to play, and it does a great job of really making you feel like a Delta Force team that has been set loose on the bad guys. The story sets them up well, and their leader is talked about like he's the BoogyMan.POSITIVESLandscape is vast, and incredibly beautiful. The Weather System, the rain actually tapers off and I've seen storms that last all night and into the next dayAnimations are smooth and realistic.There is a lot of content to explore.  Some aspects are repeated, but it’s expected when you compare it against the shear scope of the game.NEGATIVESCrashes, and Bugs, have been pretty bad for some people. It can be mitigated though if you understand how to edit DCOM entries, Security Permissions etc. There is a wealth of troubleshooting on the internet already. I have only crashed twice myself, but others have had it pretty bad.Vehicle physics need some fine tuning, but it's nothing game breakingthe enemy AI is ""not the brightest"" is being generous. If you just watched 10 of your buddies get blown away when they tried to run through a door.. you would maybe try a different tactic.Friendly AI suffers the same handicap unfortunately. I stepped out a plane that was still moviing (about 5mph) and I watched a group of rebels stand directly in it's path shouting at it for almost 20 seconds before it finally mowed them all down with the propeller. That was actually kind of hilarious though.Date Reviewed4/4/2017PLAYTIME40 HrsMore Game Reviews"
,Recommended,460930,30441113,Posted: 10 March,all,RedStreak,"huge potential.. but very poor optimization. On the beta I could run high on 60 fps, now I have to run on low just to get 30fps. On Youtube, I see someone who have Titan X got FPS drop to 33 frequently. I hope Ubisoft fix this issue soon.Even PS4 and XOne looking like High Settings and of course on 30 fps/60fps . Meanwhile PC is struggling to get 40fps.Other than that, just glitches and some bugs. Games all good. But poor optimization, thats awful."
76561198114557461,Recommended,460930,30780243,Posted: 27 March,all,DeMoN™,Awsome game great graphics very addictive am in love with this game
,Recommended,460930,30398473,Posted: 8 March,all,ＭＲ　ＢＯＮＥＳ™,"*This is my final review for this game, I have currently 30 some hours into the game at the time of writing this.*Well, they fixed the autosave bug after 90 years, so now I can properly play this game.In short, do I recommend this game? Yes, I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, but there are A LOT of problems, lemme break it down.WHAT I LIKE:-Gunplay: Guns feel and sound great, very punchy, and the gunsmith is pretty cool. Though not realistic (bullet drops pretty fast) it's still fun to shoot things in the face with a .50 sniper rifle. Gore is also pretty cool, it's very satisfying to kill enemies in this game, they don't ragdoll around when they die, but they instead, depending on where you hit them, collapse in different ways. If you hit them, say, center mass with a high-caliber sniper rifle, they will collapse differently than if you hit them in the head with a pistol.-Map: Bolivia feels alive, at least for me. I've read other people complaining that it feels empty, but I disagree. There's a stupid amount of little detrails in the map, and much of the variety in this game comes from the multitude of different terrain types. The civilians who populate the towns actually do things that seem natural, like eating dinner in their homes, walking home from work along the dirt roads, pleading with you when you walk by them with drawn firearms as well as pleading with the Cartel and Unidad for the same reason, talk to each other, I've even seen groups in the poorer towns singing together, it's cool just to walk around and experience the Bolivia they created. There's even children, which I was suprised to see. I didn't test to see if they were like Skyrim kids, though. It's also pretty huge.-Story: The story isn't the greatest, but it works for the game that Wildlands is, its simple and makes sense. I would've wished for more variety in the missions (which I will touch on later) especially for the side missions, but I do enjoy the story missions.-Stealth Mechanics: I love the stealth mechanics in this game, but they're far from perfect. Lighting and foliage impact how well you are seen as well as the stance you are in, i.e standing up versus prone. It's pretty cool, because you can hide in dense foliage and have people walk right by you with out noticing you, it gives me ""Ghillie in the Mist"" vibes. That being said there are times where it doesn't work as it's intended and that can be ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating, but it's not super frequent (in my experience).Graphics: Visually the game is stunning, there's not much that needs to be said, it looks really good even on lower settings (I play on Very High).CO-OP: Co-op is where this game truly shines, with out your AI teammates you can actually plan your assault with up to three other pals of yours. I've played through the entire closed beta and some of the full game with a friend, and it's 10x more fun than with the AI from my experience, as well as more difficult.-Customization: There's a lot of variety with the aesthetic customization of your character, you can change not only the clothes but the camouflage/color of the clothing, tattoos, scars, facial hair, patches, etc. It's pretty cool and it allows for a lot of different options. Still, I wish there were more clothing options.WHAT I THINK IS DECENT/MEDIOCRE:- AI: This is a hit or miss, mostly for your offline team AI, but for the enemies' AI it's actually surprisingly not terrible. Different weapons have different noise reduction stats with silencers, so if you fire a silenced DMR inside a house with three sicarios around you, they'll hear it, or if a body drops near them they'll hear it and investigate. But if you use a weapon with a high noise reduction stat (pistols and smgs mostly) they won't hear any gunshots unless you take off the suppressor. They also hunt for you, searching your last known location then spreading out to find you, it's a pretty cool mechanic that makes hiding from them that much more tense. But your offline teammates are ♥♥♥♥ing awful. Not only are they borderline useless outside of sync shot, but often times they die in stupid ways, like getting run over or standing near a flaming car for fifteen minutes while you're pinned down. It's frustrating at times because they could've made the AI so much better.Side Missions: If you can actually call them that, I like the idea of having to get supplies as well as skill points to level up your perks, but all of the side missions are the same ♥♥♥♥ing thing each time, which gets old really fast. I would've loved to see the side missions actually have story to them like ""Find the mass grave site"" or ""Find the missing children"" something to make me actually care about doing them. They're fun to do every now and again but I can't do more than one or two with out getting bored.Progression: I hate that you only start out with three weapons, the M416, MP5, and Tac-45 (or whatever the ♥♥♥♥ it's called). You have to either buy or find the rest of the guns, which I think is dumb. I would've liked more variety from the start, it would make it less essential to go out to the harder districts from the get-go just to get a decent sniper rifle or something. Don't get me wrong, I like finding the guns, but I just wish it gave you more options from the start.Voice Acting: The Voice Acting is pretty mediocre, it's pretty good and natural sounding at times whereas other times it's pretty cringey. On top of that, specific actions like picking up medals or weapons only have three or four different lines, so you hear the same thing over and over and over and over again. That being said, the interaction between the AI Ghosts and the world around them is really cool, your teammates will talk to civilians, tell stories, call out enemies, etc. It's pretty cool when it's implemented well, but when it sucks it REALLY sucks.WHAT I HATE:-The ♥♥♥♥ING driving: Worse than Just Cause 2. As bad as Watch_Dogs. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awful, helo's and planes as well are just awful. It's not unplayable, but it's so hard not to completely destroy your car every time you drive it.-Your AI teammates are literal Ghosts: Until the moment you go loud in this game, your teammates are COMPLETELY invisible. Like enemies will walk THROUGH them sometimes. It's ♥♥♥♥ing stupid, and could've been fixed if Ubisoft actually made your teammates viable. Let them be detected if I had complete control over them, or let me set their ROE or SOMETHING. Like Rainbow Six Vegas' AI teammates, they were simple, but you could set their ROE, set them up in different spots, they'd even change their gear to match the camo of yours. I don't know, the AI teammates in this game are just so lacking it's not even remotely funny.-The ♥♥♥♥ing coward captains: They run the moment you get spotted, so if you ♥♥♥♥ up, they immediately book it, which is cool in theory except it forces you to do stealth for these types of missions, or else you fail. It makes sense but it can ruin a ton of progress if you ♥♥♥♥ up one shot.All in all, this is a really fun game, especially co-op, but it's not with out it's flaws. Go watch gameplay of it, look at review videos, and decide for yourself. I'm satisfied with this game, but it could've been sooooooo much better.All in all, 7/10."
76561198073173545,Recommended,460930,33127920,Posted: 2 July,all,NagaRunner,"TLDR: BUY WHEN ON SALEI just finished the game and bought it at 33% off, i still found it was not worth it. The gameplay is pretty good and the map is nice. But missions and story are a bit boring, and for me i only used two guns the whole game through. So i while i had fun with the game i would say only get it on sale.PS. if you own ghost recon, the uplay reward gun you get is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing"
76561198367126554,Recommended,460930,30409539,Posted: 9 March,all,Spengbaub,"Me and my friend really enjoy this game, we have a ton of fun and I highly recommend it."
76561198198822699,Recommended,460930,31816502,Posted: 17 May,all,MLG potato,I love this game but this game have a lots of bugsGood job Ubisoft.
,Recommended,460930,33024901,Posted: 29 June,all,Pathfinder,Tons and tons of fun when you're playing with friends!
76561197971119823,Recommended,460930,33094776,Posted: 1 July,all,Marville,"Great game, bigger than Skyrim.  Some of the AI is good, enemies are decent, people and childeren play diffrent games do various things to make it more a living world.  Especailly in the villages and cities, pay attention as your running by escaping a Cobra shooting at you.  Good varity."
76561198087816468,Recommended,460930,33089114,Posted: 1 July,all,irfanahmed1979,Certainly a good game with aspects of stealth and first person shooter.Pros:1. Stunning graphics (eye candy)2. Huge openworld map with almost every type of terrain3. Various difficulty levels and can accomodate different playstyles4. I enjoyed the story line especially the cutscenes that a player is rewarded with after accomplishing a mission or task. One can view these videos repeatedly.5. Ability to upgrade a wide variety of skills and unlock new weapons and skills/abilities (although stock weapon loadout is also sufficient to get the work done).6. Can be played offline :)Cons:1. Repetitiveness in the way intel is gathered and in the methods for destabilizing every province can cause boredom. Although there are certain exceptions but not many.2. UNIDAD faction is like the police in GTA San Andreas. The more you fight them overtly the higher the alert level (think of stars) and losing a patrol is sometimes very difficult.
76561198356810308,Recommended,460930,33095696,Posted: 1 July,all,aSaferDestiny,"65 hours of fun in a beautiful enviroment!(not including DLC)I beat after about 65 hours of gameplay. I played the entire game on the toughest difficulty and enjoyed it a lot. I got all of the weapons, medals and kingslayer files too. Here's my review/thoughts on the game!:Gameplay - 7.5/10: The overall stealth mechanics of the game were lots of fun. There was a nice diversity in missions and from sub boss to sub boss. The change in scenery from province to province was incredible adding to lots of added immersion. I'd have given it a 8/10 but the driving mechanics need lots of fixing. The other lost points come from lack of gunplay diversity. I found myself only using probably 7 weapons over my entire play through as I had almost no reason to change it up.Graphics - 9/10: One of the most beautiful games I've ever played. I stopped and stared almost as much as I do in the Witcher 3. It would have gotten a 9.5, but it could have ran a bit better. 10/10 would have been VR or lifelike graphics.Sound - 6.5/10: The dialogue was fine the first time I heard it but got extremely repetitive very quickly. The radios were a good idea but executed terribly. No actual soundtrack or music for the most part took away from immersion. Gun sounds were fine though.Story - 8/10: This is what impressed me the most in the whole game. The Kinglsayer files added a bunch to the story and made me feel a more for everything that was happening.The 2 endings were very cool too and were nice twists. I would have rather them them done it where you control Bowman when she's aiming at Sueno and you have the choice whether to kill him or not triggering one of the two endings.. It would have been nice if the story developed a bit earlier and if Pac Kutari was developed a bit more.Replayability/Content - 9/10: I got 65 hours of fun out of this game, so there's not much more I could have asked for. It would have been nice if there were a couple bigger missions. Maybe one where you infiltrate a big airport or go inside a massive submarine. Sort of like MW2 Spec-Ops.  And maybe a bit more side mission diversity because I don't think I'll end up grinding out the rest of the supplies to get all of the upgrades.Overall -40/50,or 8/10This seems very fair and maybe a bit generous, but it was a beautiful game that gave me 65 hours so it deserves it."
,Recommended,460930,31482873,Posted: 1 May,all,Gradskiya,If I could describe the game in one sentence it would be: 3rd person Far Cry with elements of Arma 3 and the driving of Just Cause 3. There you go. And yeah. I like it
,Recommended,460930,33141164,Posted: 2 July,all,Blitzkrieg,"Pretty entertaining so far! It starts off a little repetitive, but gains a lot of interesting cool storylines on the side!"
,Recommended,460930,33125582,Posted: 2 July,all,DontPokeTheSloth,great game worth every penny
76561198032219108,Recommended,460930,33161698,Posted: 2 July,all,DrTurtleNipps,"Great game, good cross between the division and far cry"
76561198041434130,Recommended,460930,33251795,Posted: 4 July,all,69ingchipmonks,Feels incomplete while playing single player. Very awesome game if you are playing with friends.
,Not Recommended,460930,31799770,Posted: 16 May,all,Ashes Mandalay,"It's incomplete. This game lacks a looooot of polish. There doesn't seem to be much thought for level design other than ""put bad guys behind tall walls with guns"". Squad sync shot is cool, but other than that your squad has the collective fighting intelligence of a dead rock. Often times they don't think to cover me when I'm spotting in the drone and I'll come out of the flight with an enemy about to step on my face and my squad doing nothing to help. Similarly, enemies either have insanely unrealistic spotting abilities or they seem brain damaged. They can spot you through thick trees that even thermal can't penetrate, but they can't see you lying on the road 50 feet in front of them, even if they have binoculars looking right at you. In addition, the story is obviously drawn out as long as possible just to justify having this large map, which doesn't feel like a joy to explore and more like a hassle considering the game developers didn't do anything to make that exciting. It's just empty land most of the time.Finally, the missions themselves are boring. It's the same kind of thing Ubisoft always does; have a couple different kinds of missions and then repeat them over and over in different locations, except in this game every mission is either, ""kill this guy"", ""steal this helicopter"", or ""go to this place without raising alarms"". It seems like it's just trying to waste my time and trick me into spending 200 hours doing something that could have taken maybe 10 hours to finish without being boring.I think this might be the last Ubisoft game I buy for a long while."
,Recommended,460930,31658477,Posted: 9 May,all,LukeStoleALambo,"Personally I really enjoyed playing Ghost Recon Wildlands. There were many things that I enjoyed throughout the game; however, the game is not perfect and has alot of problems, and things that I may have liked about the game would turn other people off of buying and playing the game for themselves. So I guess you could say this is a recommendation with an asterisk.Pros:- Huge open world map with many different environments and visuals (eg. salt deserts, rainforests, mountain regions, etc.)- Loads of weapons to discover, use and customise- The game took one of my favourite aspects from the Far Cry games (Base infiltration) and pretty much built a game around that (see Cons as well)- Gun play was usually entertaining- Gameplay was fairly non-linear- Lots of collectables (some people won't like this)- Visually the game looked great- The main antagonist is pretty interesting in my opinion- The game ran well for 99% of the time (at least for me)- Co-op gameplay was a lot of fun and I suspect that this was the way that the developers truly envisioned the game to be playedCons:- The story of Wildlands and its ending are nothing to write home about- The gameplay is sort of same-y throughout the whole game- Many times while travelling through the landscape I would get stuck in the floor or a rockface, the camera would start to freak out and start shaking and the only way I could find to fix this was to fast travel away- It seems that when in stealth mode your AI teammates are invisible to the enemies because they will not notice your teammates even if they are standing right next to or in front of the enemies- Somehow your AI teammates and the rebels are simultaneously incompetent at everything AND almost sarcastically lethal depending on the situation- Certain abilities in the game are easy to exploit (for example, there is an explosive drone you can equip meaning if you need to kill a specific target, you can just fly the drone at the target while you sit safely 300 meters away, taking any challenge out of the mission)- Poor vehicle controls- During open combat, the enemies become bullet sponges, while in stealth, one pistol shot will down most enemies (like they tense up during battle or something)- Interactions with UNIDAD (the police? force of the game) were more often frustrating than fun (many times I was scouting an enemy position only for it to be ruined by a UNIDAD helicopter flying over and instantly spotting me)- Certain areas of the map took way longer to load than others (Koani in particular)Thoughts / Other stuff:- I suspect that the story was given a backseat in Wildlands because to me a game like this is really ALL about the gameplay; there are hardly any cutscenes in the game, which doesn't stop the flow of the gameplay- I was disappointed that the Kingslayer files (the game's main collectible which give little tidbits of information about the main members of the cartel) had very little effect on the events of the game - for example, there was a file that showed there was a bounty on my character's and my team's heads, yet no bounty hunters ever showed up throughout the game. We found a file that was a buchon's former military ID, yet when you get the intel on said buchon and his identity is revealed the game acts like it is a big surprise when literally 20 minutes earlier we picked up the same guy's ID- I don't get offended really easily and I can't think of a time when a video game has bothered me like this before, but there is a cutscene in the game where your character and your CIA contact interrogate a man (who very clearly has a drug problem with cocaine) by forcing him to do more cocaine so he will give up some information up to the point where he almost has a heart attack from all the cocaine you're forcing up his nose. I live in Australia and over here the video game classification board is pretty damn strict on what they consider mature content - drug use in video games is pretty much a guaranteed R-18+ (sorry I'm not sure what the rating system is like in the US and Europe) and I'm certain that this scene alone pushes a certain boundary to the point where I'm honestly dumbfounded at how this game was even allowed to be sold in Australia. To put this in perspective, in Australia Left 4 Dead 2 was completely banned here for a while because it was said to be too graphic (eventually a low violence version was to be sold in Australia). Another example was Saints Row 4 - the game was banned because of a certain probing weapon (you know what I'm talking about), so a version without that weapon was sold here. I'm guessing the Australian Classification Board wasn't paying much attention to the cutscenes.- One last thing - there are CHILDREN in this game. Not just in cutscenes, but walking around in the open world. Ubisoft. You DO NOT put CHILDREN in a ♥♥♥♥ing shooter game, no matter what.Okay, I'm sorry I rambled on a bit there but I really just wanted to get my thoughts on this game out there. I respect the fact that alot of people will disagree with me on my positive review and the things I liked and disliked in the game, but I hope this review and analysis helped out some people who were on the fence about buying this."
,Recommended,460930,30473659,Posted: 12 March,all,br0k3n •υи∂єf•,"Pulled into the brush, getting ready to hit an outpost.  The radio blasting some funky latin♥♥♥♥♥♥  The music stops and the dj says its time for a public service announcement.  The message?  ""You don't ♥♥♥♥ with Santa Blanca.""  They then proceded to execute a man who had f'd with them...some por schmuck named George.   But they weren't done yet.  The dj announced that the 10th caller would win George's gold watch.10/10viva santa blanca"
,Recommended,460930,30706140,Posted: 24 March,all,Moejoae,The Truck Depot...
76561197960280241,Recommended,460930,31327044,Posted: 23 April,all,lord.Cmdr.Svensk,Ubi-Soft is on a roll. This is without a doubt their best game to date. Graphics and gameplay are all top notch and worth the 59.99 pricetag. Play with your friends!
,Recommended,460930,30478278,Posted: 12 March,all,Toasty,"I normally do not like AAA titles, and for about a year now I've been quite uninterested in videogames. But buying a 1080 for my computer and a new monitor, it sparked the flame. I got this game a few days before my 1080 arrived and played it on my 970. I ran it at high settings at 1080p and it looked stunning then, and even ran at about 40-60 fps, mostly in the 50 range. Now that I've been playing it on my 1080 since Tuesday I can honestly say that this is the most gorgeous game I've ever played. My hour count isn't ridiculous, but even still I stop and admire the graphics and the map. To top off the god-tier graphics, the gameplay is very fun, too. It suits just about any playstyle (unless a mission requires you to play a certain way, of course) I prefer to play stealthy and slow. The stealth works quite well and the combat system in general is pretty much like Farcry 4 and Sniper Elite had a child -actually, the entire game could be considered similar to those games as well. You can definitely play this game seriously, but some glitches and bugs might impact that experience for you at the moment. I take the combat seriously and the driving vice-versa and it's an overall great time.and anyone telling you that the game is poorly optimized is a dummy, the games graphics are incredible and no doubt require a lot of resource to run, it runs very well on my 1080 and it's fairly optimized for what it is. Could it use some improvements? Probably, but it's definitely playable. There is so much more I could add to this review, but to be perfectly honest I just wanna go back to playing it. 9/10 game, worthy enough to be considered GOTY, imo."
76561198014520804,Recommended,460930,30478157,Posted: 12 March,all,PegadorDuro,"At the point of writing this review, I've put 12 hours into TCGRW.  I purchased it at about the same time I picked up a copy of Horizon: Zero Dawn.  While Horizon is a more polished game with superior voice acting and a better story line, I found myself putting down my PS4 controller to play TCGRW time and again.  This game hits all of the checkboxes for me.  Okay story.  Excellent graphics, Custimazation of avatar and weapons.  Quality audio (minus the music and radio stations).  Excellent gunplay.  And several ways to tackle missions.One of the biggest complaints I've seen is regarding the AI squadmates.  They are very strong and great to use IF you take the time to understand how they are actually supposed to be implemented.  Do not micromanage your squad.  Let them run off in whichever direction they choose.  Heavily relying on the ""extra sync shot"" skill is a gamechanger.  This allows you to immerse yourself in squad combat which I presume is closer to the real thing.  This is not a Ghost Recond: Advanced Warfighter.  And there is no need to wait for your squad to climb into a vehicle.  How in the pilot's seat and take off.  They will pop into the vehicle in less than three seconds.  Head off on a motorcycle.  They will be waiting on you wherever you dismount your bike.I see the potential for fatigue to set in from repetition, but if you are willing to go outside of your comfort zone and approach missions from different strategic angles, you will get a lot out of this very well-made game.Oh, and use if a gamepad if you've got one, and bump up the stick sensitivity.  It will make the transition from foot to vehicle much smoother."
76561198007392301,Recommended,460930,32081154,Posted: 31 May,all,Buldor,"Let me just say this to start with. If you're not a patient person, or someone who likes the slow approach. You'll dislike this game. It isn't intended as a shoot em' up style game.Summary: The game is ok. Not good, not great. Just ok. If you like online play, the game shines there. AI is trash. People complain about vehicles, they just can't drive. 7/10. Don't buy Narco's Road.Ok, the most annoying gripe people have actually in fact annoys me for being a gripe. Driving. There is actually nothing wrong with it. I find cars drive well, especially given most were designed after 1970 models and you're travelling 80-90MPH on a dirt road. Learn to use a handbrake and you'll manage easily. Helicopters? Drive like a dream, don't believe me? Hit me up and I'll show you that you can dip in and out of terrain and even cut through woods etc. People just suck at driving, you see it a lot online.Difficulty wise, the game is easy. Haven't finished it yet as I complete everything before doing the missions in their respective zones. Play on expert if you don't want a bore. If you do, expect to go down FAST if you're getting hit. Use stealth and be patient and it'll be rewarding and fun. And easy...AI is trash. They'll stand there utterly clueless of the world until given a command. The menu to do so is clunky, with little options. You have ""go there, stop, follow, shoot"". No stack etc. options. Even if you are under fire, they'll likely not respond nor stay near you if you're entering a hostile area. There were plenty of times I got downed, with 2 of the 3 AI being 400m away and the other just standing there watching them sneak up on me. They don't spot often, and are mostly just there for decoration and cheap tag kills.Gun types are Assault Rifles, Light Machine Guns, Submachine guns, Snipers, Shotguns. There is a large variety (10-15+) of each category except shotguns which have 4 or 5 basic guns not including ""special boss guns"". Yes, some missions will reward a unique variant of a unlockable gun which can't be customized themselves. You get quite a bit to customize weapons with though, from scopes, barrels etc. Though there are clear cut winners, which makes the whole system kind of fruitless. That said, given you can drop an enemy quickly (and after all, a headshot is the universal ""you're dead now"" shot) you can use what you feel like. That said, pistols aren't a viable go-to. More of a close range stealth weapon. Plus no way to make the desert eagle viable as it can't have a suppressor!Mission/ story wise some are good. Especially the security section of the campaign. That said, you'll feel like you're just picking up street vendors half the time (and at times you are). The game though is story light and depends on you building a story in your head from how you approach things and online play to fill the gaps. It's a shame. There is utterly no connection to the AI partners other than quirky one-liners. Humour is there, it will mostly fall flat but there has been 3-4 giggles out of the say 100+ jokes I've heard.Multiplayer is touch and go as of course, there is a lot of people who just want to charge in. My recommendation, find people you enjoy playing with and use the same style (shoot em/ stealth em) as you. If you do, the game is a lot more enjoyable as you plan approaches and execute it all. My most memorable moment being 3 of us using flares to bring groups out of houses to inspect what's going on. The 4th being a sniper, spotting and picking off towers etc. as we approached. And then in one brilliant moment, flashbang out, we each clear our sections that were drawn out. Each blew 4 C4's, destroying all vehicles and drawing everyone else out. Mines destroying reinforcements without us having to worry. Grabbed the target and extracted him from our sniper rushing in with a helicopter. All of this lasted about 40 seconds and we killed about 30-40 NPC's. The next game, I had a young American kid throw a C4 on our helicopter and he blew us up whilst extracting the target as he thought it would be funny. Just be warned, GTA players will also be on this and aren't ones for Tom Clancy titles.All in all? 7/10"
76561198058249270,Recommended,460930,30434307,Posted: 10 March,all,UG_BigFoots,Probably one of the best ubisoft game since Black Flag. This game wasn't hyped for nothing A lot of content but some missions are repetitive.
76561198033844334,Not Recommended,460930,33353906,Posted: 7 July,all,Siefer181,"Negatives: Storyline was poorly written, both endings surprised me with how much of a cop-out the writters took. It's like they were tired of the game too and just threw together some crap. Several session ending bugs each time I tried to play. The AI cheats like they are getting paid to.Now to the positives of this game: I did spend about 70 hours with my friends in between their rage-quits due to bugs or AI cheating. Rag-doll effects are decent. Felt pretty good taking out people from hundreds of meters away.Overall: 2/10 would not Ubisoft again."
,Recommended,460930,33272018,Posted: 5 July,all,-TJ-,"Ususally, I am not a huge fan of shooter games. I get tired of just killing repetively. I wasnt really keen on this game, but it looked pretty good. I got it, and I was able to fly planes with friends, get into the trunks of cars and pop out windows to shoot enemies. It is pretty fun to be driving around with the rest of the people in the car shooting at all the bad guys. Stealing airplanes or helicopters and just admiring the great graphics, while in control of the mini-guns on the aircraft. The glitches are just hilarious. Me and my friends were needing to protect a person driving to the airport, however he kept getting out of his car, and into a new one. At one point, he finally got to a car, and sat on the bonnet before driving from the outside!Most people are complaining about it being repetitive. However, when you are with friends, you can try different strategies, and they might make a dumb move, which makes each mission different.In short, I found a game which at first didnt appeal to me, to become a really fun co-op challenge with friends."
76561198207669763,Recommended,460930,30467141,Posted: 12 March,all,Im bad at this game hellcase.com,Very good game lots of custumizasion and loads of stuff to do while playing this game I would recommmened it for everyone.
76561198193721882,Recommended,460930,33418165,Posted: 9 July,all,NotACop,"I think it's safe to say that I love this game. I have about 72 hours on record and I haven't even come close to finishing every side mission and whatnot. Overall, there is a great amount of diversity and variation in the way you can play this game. There is also a huge replayability factor, which means this game is never stale."
76561198194229470,Recommended,460930,30501968,Posted: 13 March,all,Block head,"Gameplay is good, the one thing I have to complain about is the AI. I literally got ran over when getting in a car, my team AI keep running oblivously infront of SB. Especially on the hijacking the cartel money truck. Holt decided to just run through the front gate and go ""Oh, I totally don't see like 50 people."" I like everything else except the AI. AI just ruined the game for me, do I still enjoy it? Yes, still love the game."
76561198032374511,Recommended,460930,30421835,Posted: 9 March,all,kelkin1,"This is a really fun game especially if you have friends you can play with, an open world with no rules but the ones you make. Take on whoever you want, or go after weapons, or skill points. The next objective is always what you want to do and that's what I love about it! The driving is still sub par but the rest of the game including the leveling system, the weapons, the teamwork it's all fantastic!"
,Recommended,460930,30502033,Posted: 13 March,all,dead inside,Great game. Totally recomend buying it without a doubt.
,Recommended,460930,30502192,Posted: 13 March,all,Captain Shtuff,"Though the game is buggy in some areas, GRW is a great and just flat-out fun game. I've spent most of my time playing solo and it's fun; you get to go at your own pace, and do a mission how you think it should be done. But playing with another person really makes the game that much better. I  also love the character & weapon customization. Not many games have this great amount of detail, when you have a AR equipped as your primary, your vest will look different than if you were to have a sniper equipped as your primary. All in all I rate this a 8/10. Ubisoft has really been doing well lately and I hope that they keep it up."
76561198123480428,Recommended,460930,30662035,Posted: 21 March,all,Jermoi,"A little buggy in some spots, but that's all you can expect at the release of a game nowadays. Besides that, great game!"
76561198277431302,Recommended,460930,30676094,Posted: 22 March,all,Im a ghost,Ubisoft didnt ♥♥♥♥ up this time this game is so fun and enjoyable i dont understand why people are hating this game its gr8
,Recommended,460930,30678185,Posted: 22 March,all,The Clockkeeper,"Just pure co-op fun, if you think otherwise then you probably have no soul"
,Recommended,460930,30700415,Posted: 24 March,all,Storm,"25 hours in, love this game!Sure the missions can be a bit repetitive, but so be it. I love all the weapons you can get a hold of and all the modifications you can do to them!!The map is very well detailed aswell, however, i have noticed some cars will try to drive off or steer even with no one in them.it's a solid 9/10 from me!"
76561198352982997,Recommended,460930,30716375,Posted: 24 March,all,TheBloodyBat,"AWESOME GAME!!!: worth the money the only thing is that i have to drive with a controler every time i drive a vehicle but you can get use to the keyboard,but thats the only ''bad'' thing about but besides the point IT IS AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,460930,30763189,Posted: 26 March,all,twosoxxx,Love this game.Huge map.  Lots of weapons/character customization.Using an Xbox One controller (or any controller probably) will make it better
76561197977283056,Recommended,460930,30771587,Posted: 27 March,all,Yore Gawd,"Whether you enjoy this game or not will depend on what you ultimately expect from it. If you expect deep tactical combat like old Rainbow Six or other games in the Ghost Recon series then you should probably be better served with other titles.I went in hoping for and expecting a more grounded version of Just Cause and that is exactly what I got. I struggle to call this realistic but there are a lot of decisions to be made here and I love how much agency this game gives the player. Here's some bad guys have it is is pretty much the only story there is. This world is open to explore at your own pace and leaves progression completely up to the player and I love that.Mission structure more or less play out the same, go here steal that document, kill those guys, save those people and interrogate that boss.....pretty much it. It sounds generic but really you can play each mission however you want. Stealth, action some mix of the two totally up to you. Take an outpost without firing a shot if you want to, long range scout and snipe or just Leroy Jenkins and go in guns blazing. Mission variety is up to you and how you decide to play. If that sounds engaging then the overall repetition likely won't be a problem.Playing solo is fine, teammate AI is servicable bordering on a little to helpful to be honest but the game is great with co-op also. I've played in a few open lobbies and had no trouble finding a team if you don't know anyone else playing.The game is beautiful, more so if you have a beefy rig. I'm running a GTX 780 Ti and still my aging card was able to handle the ""high"" preset in 2560X1080. If you are on a lower rig please for the love of god turn off the Nvidia grass physics, that is a performance killer. The draw distances are seriously impressive creating a very large and open world that feels like a place rather than a map in a game. Not a perfect engine as there is some pop-in but really impressive. Also bonus points if you can use Ansel.Overall I love the game, no regrets picking it up. Enough variety to keep things interesting with a huge world open for exploring at your own pace. If any of this sounds good then pick it up. I'm having tons of fun. It's not as deep as some might like but I will say it's a blast to play."
76561198073364286,Recommended,460930,30776072,Posted: 27 March,all,Staubsauger,Myself and two friends were hacking a data center. 3 minutes to defend it while we hacked. Intense firefight ensues. We make it through the battle and hop in the armored car to leave. Friend runs over mine he placed while booby trapping against the waves of enemy. We explode into a fiery death. Mission failed. 10/10 would recommend this game.
76561197994009712,Recommended,460930,30830013,Posted: 30 March,all,Larry McCockinninator,"yeah, its hecka good with mates"
,Recommended,460930,30831931,Posted: 30 March,all,PantsuKiss,"Good game good story,good graphic, but the driving system quite bad...minimun requiement quite high for some player.but still the same, all ubisoft game on my pc getting NAT STRICT."
76561198143917364,Recommended,460930,31023983,Posted: 8 April,all,Cat,"This game is amazing, just to start off. It has a kind of Far Cry feel since you have to go area by area and uncover the map. Overall I found the game intriguing, combine that with an amazing story with a few twists, and boom that makes this game one of the top competators for game of the year. Other than all the good stuff, I did have an issue where after finishing the main storyline my game was starting to glitch out. However im sure this was just an issue with my computer. Thats all, now stop reading and click that Buy button."
76561197971112376,Recommended,460930,31060787,Posted: 10 April,all,Aghanim,"Great game for people who like the Ubisoft formula.Large beautiful landscape, open world, different biomes, great weapons and customizations.Everyone who expectes a well crafted story however should not look in this game for it.If you want to have some ""hunting"" entertainment after a long work day in your style and tempo, without any rails you're to be put on, then this is your game."
,Recommended,460930,30482879,Posted: 12 March,all,Dragon Ranger,"If you looking for a fun, open world co-op games with friends, this is it. Raid mission and Roadtrips between province shenanigans is where the FUN start. Gunfight was nice, Stealth gameplay also nice and fun when one of your squad messed-up. 10/10 tangoes detected"
76561198105007426,Recommended,460930,30534027,Posted: 15 March,all,Montarvo,"Hell, yes!Ubisoft... A company that ''used'' to make games have now satisfied me.Ghost recon wildlands, not bad. The optimization is acceptable. I run this game on a laptop and runs it on medium on 1366x768 resolution. The game feels and looks splendid. There are many ways to assassinate your target, and with a team of friends organizing an ambush is really fun and can be really creative.The cons are that there are still some bugs out there yet I say some, I havn't encountered too many personally. Also, the story will start to get boring after 10 hours so in this case try and switch out techniques and statregy to keep it interesting.In conclusion, fun with friends, need some optimization improvements. It would be top-notch for 40 euros/dollars instead of 60."
,Recommended,460930,30534425,Posted: 15 March,all,Stealth111,Chainlink fence stops 50bmg 10/10
76561198282527607,Recommended,460930,30695356,Posted: 23 March,all,Omega TheFox,this game is just perfect.
76561198121816567,Recommended,460930,30759955,Posted: 26 March,all,Outcast,"I have over 100 hours into this game already and im still not bored. The only downside is when my buddies are offline i have to resort to playing solo, thats not really fun when your AI team mates act like a bunch of rookies still in boot camp. They make you feel like your training them not to suck. I highly recommend this game to be played in co-op from start to finish. You will never get bored. I really dont understand why this game gets hate. Ya i can understand if you dont have a choice to play solo. But why wright a bad review blaming the game for it? This game shines with co-op. If your thinking about buying this, only do so if you have friends. Even one friend can make this game 100/10 in my opinion and experience."
,Recommended,460930,30763167,Posted: 26 March,all,Trevor,"This is pretty good, actually. Look and feel of Arma, ease of use like GTA. Great to co-op in groups."
76561197971555305,Recommended,460930,30763433,Posted: 26 March,all,HotFuzz,"The beta was fraught with bugs, some minor, some medium..the release (with subsequent patch) has addressed a load of these.  It feels a lot like The Division and ARMA 3 had a wild night together and that is no bad thing.  The squad AI is horrible until upgraded, so keeping them engaged with user direction is a must. Co-op is where the game really shines.  The weather effects, environs and sheer 'life' in the game bring the immersion to a level I've not see in another game.  Ops can be tense regardless of how you approach an objective, loud or quiet, you need a plan.  This has become my favourite multiplayer game in recent years.  There are still some kinks to work out but even so, this is a solid offering from Ubi France and is well worth the price of admission if you can run it.Running a 3.2ghz quad, 16 gb ram and a 770m on medium-low graphics settings the game is gorgeous."
,Recommended,460930,30828774,Posted: 30 March,all,Love Me Plz,"This is one of the best open-world shooter games I've ever played. I have played similar games like Just Cause and ARMA. I have to say that Just Cause is too casual with loads of explosion and ARMA is too ""hardcore"" for common people without expertise in military. While GRW is just good.You want personalize your character? Good, this game is the best. I play the Division as well but GRW is way better when it comes to make your character look special. You want nice and real weapons? Good, I read news about how Ubisoft game makers make 3D models of guns with real guns on their desks. In this game you can get a full variety of weapons and high freedom to modelize them.I am living in China, so like other Ubi games, GRW requires VPN or accelerator and sometimes can be a little annoying with connection issues. Since the game is still in early stages, bugs and optimization problems are not perfectly settled. But I have to say this is an awesome game and I do not regret pre-purchasing it. I would give 7 outta 10 for this games and when more DLCs come out and game is optimized, I might give 8 even 9."
76561198005331284,Recommended,460930,30644829,Posted: 20 March,all,Eroc,"Dont listen to the Nay Sayers!!! This is by far one fo the best game releases by Ubisoft in a very long time!!!Is it flawed?  Sure what game doesnt have a few flaws when it first launches, espically since it didnt sit in early access for a couple of years and become boring and eventually unplayable. The flaws are known and being worked on continually!!Is it a fun game? You best your♥♥♥♥♥!! Even though it can become repetitive (and that is just being honest) the potential for this game and the million different directions that the devs could take it in and not to mention that the market isnt flooded with this style of play makes this game a gem!!!Im looking forward to what the devs can dream up for this title. I would really love to see a progression system with new countires to visit on the PVE side of things. And I really cant wait for the PVP to hit! The potential for this game is absolutely massive!!!Enjoy everyone and seee you in the Wildlands!!!"
76561198187804277,Recommended,460930,30669833,Posted: 22 March,all,plmorneau,Really awsome game. Difficulty could be increased (mainly on AI) but so far I am thrilled.
76561198155716294,Recommended,460930,30674888,Posted: 22 March,all,GruntAsFuck,One of the funnest games I've played in years! I absolutely love it.
,Recommended,460930,30676897,Posted: 22 March,all,Goldenman,"Huge populated map, Fantastic Graphics, Fun and Enticing gameplay and plenty of playtime to finish the game! The story isn't that great, but it's more about the gameplay that takes you through the story than the story itself."
76561198349002214,Recommended,460930,30678384,Posted: 22 March,all,Dat_Sasquatch_Dude,"THIS GAME! Dont listen to all the haters that talk about how broken this game is. This game was well done, but yes like always there are bugs here and there but whatdo you expect? End rant and onto the game. The map is simply beautiful to say the least. The story line is great being that its an open world game. There is always something to get into. Im over 30 hours in and still loving every second of it.I've mostly played solo but its alot of fun with friends! The only thing i wish was improved was AI of enemy, and the handling of cars, but those are minor things in my mind."
76561197973848074,Recommended,460930,30695401,Posted: 23 March,all,l3ravo_Alpha,"This game has its flaws, good thing is the developers are actively ironing out more of them, listening to the community, which is essential to a successful game in the end, especially when dealing with a massively sized game like this. The biggest strength of this title is the wide open map and scenic scenery which offers a lot of moments with palpable atmosphere when you sneak into an enemy outpost. As Hannibal Smith liked it when a plan comes together the player has the same experience, but only if everything runs as planned. The enemy AI of NPCs works more or less simplistic below the highest difficulty setting, at highest difficulty prepare for some remorseless aimbots to challenge your abilities. Yet, the enemies are never bullet-sponges, a nice thing to have.The story is as lengthy as shallow, a lot of characters are introduced and the plot unfolds more or less but it always stays in the background. Mission types are pretty repetitive after a while still it can addict the player to go for one more raid, also thanks to the always changing visuals, dynamic weather and day/night cycle to paint impressive views while you go for the job.There are quite few things that certain players might dislike, I would say this game is for you if you want to play a co-op tactics shooter without too much subtleness. It could be named GTArmA, since it is open world but way more tactical than GTA but at the same time way more accessible and casual than ArmA. Don't buy it for story and playing it alone (although you can do it, but the team NPCs will annoy you after a while...). And yea, be ready to accept that it still has a lot of unfinished issues (although it runs stable most of the time), car physics are way behind GTA, the helicopter controls are awful as of now and so on.But still you can have a lot of fun here if you are the type of player who can dive into a game and make use of what it has to offer. Plus, it is safe to say that during the next weeks and months a lot of improvements will be implemented. Use it as a playground for co-op, that's where it scores the most."
76561197993669854,Recommended,460930,30707202,Posted: 24 March,all,Tiny Desk Enginner,i saw a woman with a top hat pee on a dumpster. 10/10insert thats a p3nis gif
76561198017756988,Recommended,460930,30709788,Posted: 24 March,all,tOpS,"Create a team with up to 3 friends and enjoy the ultimate open world game.It is alot of fun and there is a lot of Lead Missions and side missions to do,you will play for hours.Game play is set with the entirety of Bolivia into a digital facsimile.The contrast between the visual details of the game and the thematic construction is impressive.There are a few bugs as always but hopefully they will be ironed out with a patch."
76561198252991996,Recommended,460930,30715811,Posted: 24 March,all,Zoraxon,"Not too bad.I'd say this is not a bad game. Does have some issues, but I'm impressed.ProsGet be total badass.Get to be badass with 3 friends.BallisticsNeato weather system that has effects on enemy awareness (but not ballistics sadly)Bosses go down as fast as mooks. One, maybe 2, assault rifle rounds to the dome and they die. Good job there.Vehicles are fun. It's fun to do drive-bys with a minigun on cartel checkpoints.You can kill the animals with bullets. Llama Vs minigun? Yes.Customisation is not too bad. Little slow at first, but you just gotta poke around a bit.Weapons feel and sound nice. Nothing more satisfying than a one dome at 300+ yards with a handgun. Points there Ubi.ConsEnemy detection cones are a little sketchy. Eyes in the back of people's heads isn't fun.Vehicles do not interact with animals. Llamas Vs Jeep? Nope.The inability to shoot and get a collat with the M40A5 (first sniper rifle) is a big disappointment.Boss and Mook weapons are uncustomizable outside of some being able to be suppressed. I get why, but is dumb.Ubisoft game.Nobody to play with. (See above con)Expensive. Hint hint.All in all, I'd give this game 8.75/10. Solid, but needs a bit of polishing."
,Recommended,460930,30741248,Posted: 25 March,all,mikeyc | #tb12,"Hands down just one of the best games I have ever played. Well done Ubisoft, well done."
76561198102967654,Recommended,460930,30762871,Posted: 26 March,all,Golod,"this review is hard because of: there are more cons than pros. but i still recommend it because it totaly MY type of game.its all about fun. and very specific. you fined a camp. spot every bad guy with drone or binoc. and than try to get them stealthy or rambo style. thats it. nothing else here to do. only camps (yes there is few side quests for rebels where you need to stop truck on road. or turn on satelite or else but 90% of time its camps). and it repetetive as hell. and if you dont like this part you wont like this game at all. so now u can just stop reading and forget about wildlands. but if its your thing than you gonna love it.the game very similar to watchdogs 2 (in part of camps). very similar to metal gear phantom (in part of how to aproach camps). very similar to just cause in part of map. and very similar to gta online in part of playing coop with friends or random people (not fun at all to play with random people)pros:- Ai not as smart to make you brake controller after 100 death in row. but not that stupid to make it sitting duck shooting. its right in the middle- camps very different (thanks to open world map) and it wont make you think that you play one camp over and over again.- different style of approach. not that game that will punnish you if not going stealth. you can even get a 4 wheel. drive in middle of the camp and shoot everything with gatling gun.- map is huge and its very different. its cool to get out of ""jungle"" area and get to more urban. where u can even fined casino or hotel.- you can decide what part of map to go. you can go 5 start hard (from 5) in beggin without a problem. if want.- story is small (you get tiny bits of them every 5-20 hours, depend on how fast you clean area). but still is good. and the main villain is very cool. sometimes you even can start to defend his point of view. but still very bad to make you want to kill him.- skills are very good. and can change playstyle. though only like 20% of them are helpfull for real (like thermal view or c4. that you dont have from start) others 80 % arent necessary at all- very very very funny with friends. but there is a con. look in cons.cons:- very repetitive as i said. insanly. but for me it is good. still in cons cause i know that a lot of people wouldnt like it. and its main part of game.- driving. dev team that were behined driving shoud be killed asap. at list you can fly on choper almost every time (with rebels skill. its still worst than controllling choper in any other game. but better than driving). driving is worst. almost like it was taken from first watchdogs. so embarrasing to have it in game in 2017.- coop. its cool as i said with friends (with random people not playble at all. cause every one run to there missions and no no helping each other). but only if you have other 3 friends that play exectly the same time as you do. cause if you play at list few missions without them. they cant get to your part of story. u all have to be on the same missions to all open next one.- and here my biggest con. OPTIMIZATION. the biggest problem of all ubisoft games. and here its one of the worst. i have a very good PC. play almost everything on ultra or at list high. but here i was shocked how bad it was on start. and the biggest problem that it has nothing to do with how good your graphic card. or CPU. or else. no one can undearstand why on one PC its great (even if pc is old) or on another its not even starting (even if it high end pc). i read people had problems with starting cause it wasnt on main harddrive with your windows. read about problems cuase of borderless mode (like 50% of them). read about problems with some CPU (even very good one). with some graphic cards and even with new video drivers (people had to install old drivers to make it play better). people waisting like a week to get this game playable at list on normal settings. not talking about ultra.i started play this game on high. and everything was seems good but from time to time i got this strange effect when my hole screen go darker (like when tv go darker before sleep mode) and get massive fps dropes in that time. i tried million of combinations of different settings  (even all on low), but nothing helped. finelly (after 3 days of trying. im not joking) i found that this problem was because of ground setting (that make ground look better. most of time its just rocks getting bigger. thats all it do). and only if i play on all high and only ground on low this dark effect dissapiar. like wtf?!its the first game that made me to change settings so damn long to make it playable.and all my friends had problems too (except one. but he plays on 720p cause of his old monitor. so i think it fix a lot). but all have different one. so its very hard to help someone. even if you found a solution to your problem.finell thoughts:optimization is bad. this is the main reason why im advising to wait more (for more patches . they already made like 2 massive) and for sale. even though i have a lot of fun with this game but i got lucky solving problem with settings. would i buy it so soon if i knew about this problems before? hell no. but am i having a lot of fun playing solo (cause of problems playing coop with friends)? hell ye.this is a great game. that ubisoft ruined on start. its not even a big of news any more. they release not optimized not finished games and try to make them better over time. it worked with rainbow. but didnt worked wth division. hope this one they can fix. cause its good. for real.PS add it to your wishlist (if you fan of games like this). and wait for better reviews. thats how you will know if it was fixed or not."
76561198054713957,Recommended,460930,30825592,Posted: 29 March,all,dirtyerd,"Note: 99% of my hours were in AI only in Advanced / Extreme difficulty.Great game. If you play with difficulty in the upper 2 difficulty levels, the AI is great and the damage / weapons simulation is what you'd expect from an 'origina'l Ghost Recon, or Rainbox Six installment.The level of detail Ubisoft put into the world, the weapons modeling / customization systems and all the small ""extras"" make this game a lot of fun, even without multiplayer. AI squadmates are pretty personable, reliable - and generally follow directions well.I continue to see pretty significant jumps in fps / performance also with the patches since beta and initial release.All played with XboxOne controller on Win 10 without issue."
,Recommended,460930,30827548,Posted: 29 March,all,FireFlySlick,"Ghost Recon Wildlands is actually the first Ghost Recon game I've ever played, so while I'm definitely an outside opinion, this game shows you all of what it has to offer almost immediately, and as someone who enjoys being able to form my own adventure, I really enjoy how the game just cuts you loose after the first mission. It's awesome for a game like this, and I'm sad to say I usually don't see things like this too often, but I love that this game brought something I don't see too often to the table.Something else to note before I list positives, negatives, and nuetral things is that despite the cries that this game gets repetitive after the ten hour mark, I'm still having just as much fun as I am playing now as I was at the very beginning. However, I also have 465 hours logged in Payday 2, so I'm not the type to get bored of games too quickly. So take my not getting bored of it with a grain of salt, as I tend to really like games like these.Positives:+ The world is beautiful. The game takes place in a cartel-ruled Bolivia, and Ubisoft did an amazing job of making this game look and feel beautiful.+ The stealth is simple, but it works. As someone who loves the stealth of games like Metal Gear Solid V, and the Far Cry 3 and 4, I like stealth in games where you can use it effectively.+ The weapons. There are a ton of weapons in this game and you can nearly all of them just by playing the game, there are a few that would have to buy, but I'll get to that in a bit.+ A true open world. This game allows you to immediately do whatever you want. Nothing is cut off, meaning. You know the best sniper rifle in the game? You can get it within an hour of play, or that scope that you really want? You can get it whenever you want. Or maybe you just want to do side quests so you can be prepared to get all of the skills, go ahead. The world is your oyster.+ A good sense of progression. Being that you are allowed to do what you want, when you want, you can work your way to get the best weapons, rather early, so I would have thought the sense of progression would come to a screeching halt after about three hours, but I find that being you have to level up to unlock some of the skills, the sense of progression never really stopped.+ Simple ballistics that are easy to learn, and a challenge to master. Sniping in this game is a bit of a challenge at longer ranges due to the bullet drop. However, the bullet drop affects every single firearm. So shooting close to medium ranges aren't too bad, but you need to remember that all bullets drop, and you have to adjust for that at longer ranges. I really like this being that you are challenged to think on your feet during shootouts.+ Shooting feels great. I've said it before, but I really don't enjoy most third person shooters way of handling shooting, but this one does an amazing job of handling it.+ The writing can be clever, and pretty witty. It can be dark when you take a second to think about it, and the dialogue between the AI ghosts can be pretty fun at times.+ Co-op is incredibly fun, and while you can still enjoy the game solo, it is much better with friends.Nuetral:- The story is there. That's really all I can say for the story. It exists. It isn't really good, but it isn't really bad in my opinion. It simply exists to explain who you're killing, and why you're killing them. I don't knock any points off for the story because you're not playing this game for the story. You're here to take down a cartel.- The voice acting can be some of the worst, or pretty good. The voice acting stands out to me at times for not being believable. It feels like your character is a brick. They lack emotion, however, the voice acting can also be really good. With fear in people's voices, or joy when you do something for your commander very well.- Tactical commands, and tactical shooting do not belong in the selling point to the game. It is incredibly simple, and I often found myself forgetting about it more than a few times. I find that the best point of comparison is Spec Ops: The Line. Tactical commands existed, and were used from time to time, but in the end, you could forget about it, and the game wouldn't change too much.- Character creation. The character creation is incredibly simple, and doesn't leave too much to be desired, but I do wish there was more to it than a few preset faces and a change of clothes.Negatives:- Objectives can be either be stupid easy, or stupid hard. Namely ones where you have to interrogate someone, or kill someone, which are incredibly simple. However, one of the stupid hard ones are missions where you have to chase and steal a car. You see, when you're driving, you can do anything but drive. You can't wield your pistol, so unless you have other people with you, you're going to be driving for a while as the friendly AI isn't too great of a shot.- The team AI. The friendly AI is there to shoot stuff for you, however, it doesn't even do that too well. the friendly AI is pretty bad. You remember Payday 2's friendly AI? How they don't do objectives, and they just revive you and shoot enemies? That's what the friendly AI is here.So in the end, I definitely recommend this game. It's a ton of fun with friends, and still fun by yourself. So I would pick it up, however, I might wait for a price drop or a discount to hit on Steam, unless you know you'll really like this game. I still don't think it's worth the sixty dollar price tag, despite enjoying it so much."
,Recommended,460930,30836610,Posted: 30 March,all,Dhap,"love game, lots of lol's, chills and kills"
76561198142846507,Recommended,460930,30842823,Posted: 30 March,all,DutchSoldier,"10/10 Went to protect a radio broadcast, took down a heli and it chrashed on the broadcast, game over."
,Recommended,460930,31062294,Posted: 10 April,all,Dazrael21,"It gets a bit samey if you're playing alone, even though the terrain is very nicely varied. But if you can play with friends, it's great fun."
,Recommended,460930,31138582,Posted: 14 April,all,Venrock,"I have played this game for hours, and I love this game ! Open world, no push to go here or there, do what you want when you want. There are many ways to finish missions, it is up to you to decide.Graet game !"
,Recommended,460930,30637428,Posted: 20 March,all,✪Akÿla_AG✪ | Gamdom.com,"""LOVE this vast OpEN world game with SOME longranged WEAPONS."""
,Recommended,460930,30654827,Posted: 21 March,all,Capodecina,"Update: DO NOT buy the DLC or seasson pass !!! You have been warnedThe game is really fun, fun enough that despite the bug that coused me not to be able to play an entire Province full of missions and not to be able to fight 3 Bosses in game, i will still recomend it.I am recomending it allthough the movement feels very unpolished and i dont mean the animations, i mean that the feeling when you can climb and cross 2m high fences but not a 50cm rock, that you can destroy by explosion or with a car a fence but if that very fence has barbwire on top in becomes indestructable.This feels like a Great idea was there, a lot of potential and all but why did they not put in Daily missions, weekly missions or random generated mission ? The technology is there, the game  world is there ... I wana play more but i have done all mission ( exept the ones wich are buged )Any way it was great fun , cant wait for the DLCs"
,Recommended,460930,31276975,Posted: 21 April,all,HoomanSA7,"a bit boring after playing for some hours ( just so some same side missions to unlock another main mission )But in overall it's quite a good game , liked it ."
,Recommended,460930,30489386,Posted: 13 March,all,CrackerJackBund,10/10 would jump off a rock and forget to pull my para again
,Recommended,460930,31472886,Posted: 30 April,all,Strawberry Milkshake,"Fun game, but only do multiplayer when you can get 3 of your friends to afford copies."
,Recommended,460930,31493985,Posted: 1 May,all,ArcadeNanner,Kur za Uplay
76561198054721798,Recommended,460930,31499770,Posted: 1 May,all,The Judgment,its lit
,Recommended,460930,30507984,Posted: 14 March,all,Bosswave,"I've said it all in the review, just watch ithttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8F7wINmJQjc"
,Recommended,460930,31569701,Posted: 5 May,all,Aestris,"It's tactical Zelda with added trigger discipline and PS2 Era ""Mercenaries"" mechanics. TL;DR it's good."
,Recommended,460930,31574475,Posted: 5 May,all,Hattori,"I think after of enough time, is time to do a review of the game.In my point of view, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands is really a good game because all the things you can do in this game is a lot, you can play with friends online, play solo online or just play solo offline to do missions.In my opinion, the game has a large history and really good variety of stuff as guns, side missions, you can customise your own character whatever you want and more things.Speaking of vehicles, the chatter is true: many of them don’t control well. Even on a bone-dry dirt road, some cars and jeeps feel like they’re skidding around on slick ice. After more than 40 hours I was able to do missions playing solo without much trouble because now that I have enough time playing this game I have experience how it works and how to do the things effectively, but it took far too long to nail this game, in particular, take a while to break in: once you’re cruising, you’re good, but building up to that speed requires a weird dance of tipping the nose up and down and easing up on the throttle."
76561198130032346,Recommended,460930,30543792,Posted: 16 March,all,MurlocHolmes,"""This is not the Ubisoft you are looking for."" Is a perfect sentence to sum up my initial thoughts on Wildlands. A game I avoided before and during launch, for obvious Ubi reasons - but after reading reviews and at the behest of a few friends I jumped on the wagon and I'm glad I did.. So what do we got here..Beautiful graphics,  (using 1060/i7) very stunning when mixed with the awesome open world we have, even after a week of playing I'm still taken back by the aesthetics of this game, I believe Ubi got it right this time.Actually optimized and has played like a dream since I started, no crashing or random fps loss, in my experience thus far.Story isn't bad, it gets alittle lost in the proverbial sea of things to do and kill; collect these, kill this guy, mixed with side missions that while can be repetitive sure, but hey at least there are no towers right? And I think it is made up for it by the ability to approach all missions in quite a variety of ways,(obviously made easier as you skill up) but over all, and with a squad of actual bros the game really shines. When in the right pug, or group of mates this game is reminiscent in some ways to SOCOM from back in the day, at least to me anyway. Fond memories...Customization is alright, nothing grand but nothing exceedingly lacking, a good number of weaponry, but made worse with the fact everything you must grind, you can just throw real money at to get, in usual Ubi fashion.. so micro transactions, take that as you will.Happily I can report there is no division esq bullet sponging going on, you put lead in their dome and they are dropping. Both hostile and civi AI is wonky, and definitely needs some fine tuning, which is honestly my biggest complaint when I think about it.Over all, Im pleasantly surprised and into the game, and look forward to more. Definite thumbs up."
76561198031235256,Recommended,460930,30625469,Posted: 19 March,all,scott1,"Let me start by saying I do enjoy the game but there are some things I just can't ignore.Let's get the good out of the way since there are some awesome features in this game.The best feature is the Co-Op gameplay. Its nice to work out a strategy with friends to get the job done.the other feature I really like is searching the game world for new weapons and parts when you pair this up with the RPG element they put in the game it adds a nice balance and encourages you do more then just the story quests.Another great part of this game is the size of the map it's huge and has tons of secrets for you to unlock.With the good there is some bad.First of all the game does seem pretty easy even on the hardest difficulty. If you go in with a stealth approach every time you have a very good chance of success.Another negative is the bugs. This game has an abundance of issues. Some of the bugs a minor and easy to ignore. However, my least favorite is using the grenade launcher attachment. Sometimes it just does not work. Another example would be the servers. The game servers are to be expected no very stable.the last negative I want to focus on is the team AI that you are stuck with when you are playing solo. The team AI seem to clean house very quickly and seem to be immortal which makes the game way to easy and not fun. I feel that this is game braking and very annoying.Overall I would recommend this game only  if you have a friend or two to play with otherwise save it for a very good sale."
76561198042252611,Recommended,460930,31494309,Posted: 1 May,all,USAF_CCT,"BLUF (Bottom Line Up Front): Worth the money.This is a huge game that does a magnificent job with terrain, lighting, weather, night, dusk, and dawn. There are many hours of main story-line alone. To say nothing of the 'side missions'. Shoot, move, communicate is rather fluid and effective. This is a fun game.Pros:1. Huge but very detailed. The grass, water, and trees all look and move well.2. Better than average story and voice acting. There is no real standout here for good or bad.3. Sync shot is simply amazing and super fun.4. Levels (if you can call them that) progress nicely to your skill tree progression.5. Everything is pretty much open to you from the moment you start. You can go anywhere on the map and it will give you a place/way to progress in that area. All of the weapons (from containers) are obtainable from the 1st minute you play. You just need to travel there and get them.6. Bullet drop! I love sniping with the risk of actually missing.  There is bullet drop and even that is affected by the elevation differential between you and your soon-to-be dead guy.Cons:1.  The enemy AI is kind of broken. I can be hiding in the bushes 300 yards away and call in a rebel mortar strike; however, doing that allows the enemy AI to somehow zero in on my location immediately. How? I did not fire the mortars and you never saw me. Using the explosive drone, C-4, or the enemy finding a body will all somehow give my exact position away. Even if I am hiding far away. This has to be fixed. It almost breaks the game in my opinion, because stealth is not really functional as true stealth.2. It is repetitive at times. How many times can you really steal a chopper or plane before you sort of loath doing it? About 25 for me. But it's an easy way to get resources.3. Sync shot sound is almost never done right. I hear the 1st gun shot but never the following ones. I just see the bad guys drop and some bit of brain flying out of their heads.4. It would have been nice to have a ""hold fire"" or ""stealth"" command for my team. Sure, I can call them to where I am hiding or send them to another location, but when the poop is hitting the fan and I am trying to hide, my team will often engage the baddies and then they know exactly where I am hiding.5. There seems to be no tangible benefit for taking out the under-bosses. What I mean is; it would have been a cool feature to have the under-bosses affect the world when they die. Like taking out security infrastructure would lessen the active guards on a base or on patrol. Taking out influence would add more rebel patrols or added support, etc. Sadly, it does not work like that.I have not purchased the Narco Road DLC and don't plan on it. It looks stupid."
,Recommended,460930,31618389,Posted: 7 May,all,Ysu,"Fun game.  Looks beautiful.  Runs well.  Has a decent variety in things to do.I must admit, I haven't tried the multiplayer at all as I'm not interested in that element, but it's a very good game if you just want to quckly jump in, shoot a few bad guys up - or do some other type of mission, - then bugger off.There are a few nagging funnies, but you can get over these.  (eg driving a supercar up a mountain track. Or a mission where you need to bug a place, must complete without getting detected - but you can kill half the guards!? Like that won't get noticed...)"
,Recommended,460930,31212435,Posted: 17 April,all,HeyLookABurrito,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands... There are alot of ways to describe games, but for Ubisoft its a refreshing change of pace. As of this review I have 21 hours played, and not one of them has been the same. Playstyles differ from player to player and the game adapts with you as you define your own personal style. If you were looking for a Witcher 3 storyline you have come to the wrong place. The game introduces you as an elite squad from america thats about it. It introduces the Cartel bosses through video tapes that are optional to watch. I feel like this game lacks direction but it makes up for it with playability. You want to go loud go loud. But if you want to play stealthy you can do that too. Each outpost is a new puzzle to crack. Taking time to recon it out and read patrol patterns or go guns to the wall and bust through the front door in an armored car with a minigun. Would I recomend this game to everyone? No, of course not. But I would recomend this game to anyone looking for a fun FPS/3rd person shooter who like open worlds to do what ever they want in.Final Score 6.5/104/5  - For playability and gameplay. lost a point for a few game bugs and glitches here and there.2.5/5 - For Story... Its there you just have to want to find and listen to it."
76561198304383201,Recommended,460930,31501992,Posted: 2 May,all,JimT,The shooting experience is real while the damage on both sides(players and the enemy in the game) are eqaul. And the gun customzied is simple than Division but efficient. And the special weapon gained from story missions completed are cool.Sth bed are some bugs in the complex map. Also fast travel to teammates someteims will also make u trapped some bug area in the map.Cool game. Highly recommeded
76561198084457065,Recommended,460930,30409922,Posted: 9 March,all,orange™,this game is very VERY good especially with friend even tho my fps is between 30 to 80 mostly like 45 on my new pc
76561197967804604,Not Recommended,460930,31657959,Posted: 9 May,all,Evilbit,"Another game that's not really worth finishing. Weird graphic lag issue plague my gameplay, no matter how often I've updated my drivers.  The stutter laggs really kind of ruin what otherwise could have been a solid 6 out of 10."
,Recommended,460930,31771192,Posted: 15 May,all,PapaCarlosX,Mulle meeldib see kuna ma sain drooniga majja lennata ja disse vaadata!
,Recommended,460930,30663061,Posted: 21 March,all,Watercolour.,"Once you finish the game, you genuinely realise how little left there is to do. Besides the odd resource or rebel ops mission. The game has no gameplay value beyond the main missions. If you're a completionist go ahead and collect all the guns and addons and stars but besides that ... there is nothing to do."
,Recommended,460930,30404221,Posted: 8 March,all,HeyLetsRace,"Instead of a really long boring paragraph, I'll just do a quick pro vs con listPros:- Huuuuuuuge World- Infinte ways to approach a scenario- RPG like leveling and skills- Plenty of guns and gear with lots of customization- Tons of Main Missions- Tons of Side Missions which adds to helping allies- Grahpically Beautiful (Draw distnace is A1)- Coop is tons of fun- 30+ hours of gameplay- Sound is great for this type of game- Singleplayer is even fun (atleast for me)Cons:- AI is pretty wonky, will duck if shot at but thats about it- Bit reptive over time (not too bad but some will mind)- Few quirks and bugs (nothing game breaking)- Uplay (not too bad since i run thro Steam, just adds bootup time)Neutral (some will like, some won't, I just dont mind):- Microtransactions (nothing pay to win thankfully)- Season pass doesn't seem worth it- Takes a long time to traverse the world at times"
,Not Recommended,460930,31041924,Posted: 9 April,all,Seawolf9er,"The Game its self has self has solid gameplay . Runs smooth with Ultra to high setting with a 4770k 32 GB of ram and a 980 stix.Feels alot like Fry Cry ... story feels alot like a let down for a tom clancy title ..Havent Tried MP co op yet ..Graphics are NiceDriving is meh Average at best .. feels to much like Watch DogsGun play is good , However at times the over the shoulder cam is a bit annoying if it flips to the left side or right side . No real way to flip it back ..Feels Arcadey which its self is find but the lack of a good story, the game feels rushed, if your looking for a watchdogs meets GTA, meets Just Cause 3 meets the Division then well this game is for you ..Just know that the game feels quite hollow after the first few hours of gameplay ..So dont recommend it .. I would wait for a sale ..Could be fun with friends just for an open world to mess around with"
,Recommended,460930,30511269,Posted: 14 March,all,"""new ***** name""",BOUT TO NUT
,Not Recommended,460930,31962497,Posted: 25 May,all,zoburg88,"Watching the same episode of a show is ledd repetitive than this game, the fast travel system takes out 90% of the ""gameplay"", the vehicle controls feel jenky as hell, and the combat feels way too fast paced for a ghost recon game, like remember when in ghost recon you spent 10 minutes just deciding who to bring along with you on a mission and what equipmwnt they should bring, along with actual planning, and consequences when someone dies on your squad, now all of that is gone, and there's no death penalty, or restarting if you die, or a wide variety of missions, minesweeper has a deeper story than this and has about as much gameplay, this game has ♥♥♥♥ all to do and there's really no reason to explore, weapon unlocks are useless because what's the point in having access to an aresenal of weapons when you only use 3 or 4 of them, also it has one of the most useless perk system there is, the friendly ai is over powered and is the biggest cruch of all even on the hardest difficulty in the hardest area, multiplayer is a joke because trying to plan anything is a hard no because you can only put 1 way point down at a time, so you can't make a set plan, the anti air guns are annoying as ♥♥♥♥, its impossible to get away, even in a plane,tldr; I know this is a messy review, I couldn't put it in a list because my head was cluttered with everything wrong with this game, and still is, all in all save your money, buy just cause 2 or 1, or even drugs, but whatever you do don't buy this game or support ubisoft anymore"
,Recommended,460930,30413946,Posted: 9 March,all,iHatePennies,"12 hours played in 2 days, 10% of the map explored, maybe half that 10% is actually area that I've ""finished"", and I've done only 3 or 4 story missions. Squad AI is much better than I expected, they spread out, stay concealed, and have saved me a few times by spotting enemies that I didn't see for various reasons. They stay far enough away to provide cover and spot enemies while you go stealth into an enemy base or village. Driving and flying mechanics are okay, but it's not a driving or flying simulator so how great does it really need to be? Finding weapon upgrades is pretty satisfying, as is leveling your character and upgrading abilities. I get some hang ups now and then where the sound and screen lock up for about 4 or 5 seconds then it goes back to normal but I suspect that might be something on my end, maybe my overclock isn't stable. I get around 70-90  FPS in 1080p with the highest graphics settings. The game looks absolutely beautiful by the way...i5-6600k @4.5ghzEVGA GTX 1080 SC16GB DDR4"
,Recommended,460930,30459592,Posted: 11 March,all,Felix,This is an awesome game. End of the story! You can play Wildlands in so many different ways that you simply never get tired of it (or at least for 5 days since the game is brand new). I highly recommend it for anyone that likes to take a tactical approach to a game since if you run in a base guns blazing you will have a pretty big problem since you will be surrounded by enemies (wich of course wouldn'nt be a problem if you are playing on arcade). This is the case since obviously Ubisoft is trying to get you to play strategicly. I'm a huge fan of this amazing openworld game and am exited for future DLC's. I hope this review helped you making a descision ralther to buy this game or not. Either way that's it for now!
,Recommended,460930,30464477,Posted: 11 March,all,RedLineBoomBoom,At least I didn't get banned randomly
76561198123160619,Recommended,460930,30671599,Posted: 22 March,all,SpecialAirServ,Very good game but coop would be better with cross platform coop as i have friend with other platforms that have Ethernet game
,Recommended,460930,30458969,Posted: 11 March,all,MongolAussie,"The pros of this game are to be found in its sheer openness, and the cooperative fun that may be had in the vast expanse that is UbiSoft's rendition of Bolivia. One is given the entire map to explore at one's whim immediately upon beginning the game, though it'll take most of us a few moments before we actually come to grips with how big of a map Ubi has crafted for us.The gameplay - the core mechanic around which every game is created - is a pendulum that swings from being hugely satisfying at times to very, very frustrating at others. Satisfying because true freedom is to be had, with this very big map at your fingertips. Landing your first carefully-placed shots after having spent painstakingly long minutes marking enemies and tracking their movement pathways is GREAT. Miss those shots, however, and the entire base comes on alert. This, by itself, isn't all that bad; we all want ""smart A.I."", after all. The part that IS bad is how amazingly smart your enemies are: they'll come at you, by the dozen, and no amount of Ghost-like training will let you survive that.There isn't much I can say for the co-op. It really is the icing on top of Ubi's colossal cake - everything becomes five times as fun. Pilot helicopters so your friend can have a sniper platform in the air; drive a C4-laden truck straight into groups of enemies and experience being what I, out of fear of offending, cannot name here; or simply go skydiving.In short - a great game, be it played with friends or without. UbiSoft's done their best to nail ""open-world tactical shooter"", and whilst the hammer of their game design might have landed SLIGHTLY off, 99.9% of that hammer was on-point.9[e^0]/10[log(10)]"
76561198082987496,Recommended,460930,30464346,Posted: 11 March,all,Psygo86,A Ubisoft game that works on launch day.
,Not Recommended,460930,32271068,Posted: 8 June,all,Redshift_Syx,"Server issues Daily.  Based on that the content of the game doesnt matter to me.  it could be the best game in the world, but if you cant play it....what good is it?"
76561198041673787,Recommended,460930,32002785,Posted: 27 May,all,Pingu,didnt see wild life once
76561198020034464,Not Recommended,460930,32356024,Posted: 11 June,all,1 Rumsoakedhound,"when this game works.. it awsome. Problem is for me , after installing it in my hi end gameing computer will not run but maybe 1 in 20 tries.. starts to boot up but then just stops.  too date i have been in game 2 times and i have logged over 100 min play time buy just trying to get it to launch... if your thinking of buying this game .. take  a chill pill , they still have many issues to work out with this game..sorry!!"
,Recommended,460930,32906349,Posted: 27 June,all,Targaryen,"Best game ever, rate 5/7"
,Not Recommended,460930,32793153,Posted: 25 June,all,Richard,"The game crashes on startup if its not on the same drive as your operating system! This is unacceptable!Otherwise, pretty fun coop open world shooter that plays a lot like the other ghost recons games."
,Not Recommended,460930,32831380,Posted: 26 June,all,SanDWG,"This game really did look good. Played the beta and thought it would be fixed up after that, kind of did and didn't.Gets very repetitive after a while. If you play with your friends in a squad then its way more fun but as a SP game not really.Quite a few bugs in the game, enemies spot you very easily or silly cpu squad members.Lost interest after 12 Hours."
76561198348523913,Not Recommended,460930,32809833,Posted: 26 June,all,~r~Logan .H | 206,I dont recommend this at all
,Recommended,460930,30853393,Posted: 31 March,all,Ulquiorra,"Ghost Recon is suitable for co-op fans and its robot teammates will help you a lot in single player. However, Ubi made too many similar sidemissions and building which will make people get bored very easily (Well...What are you expect from Ubi...). Resource missions are pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ If you really want to update all your skill, you may need to browse all the areas (Massive map, lol). Optimalization issue, jumping issue, drone issue...etc. Overall, this game is not bad at all if you are patient enough to go through all the story line."
,Recommended,460930,30924886,Posted: 3 April,all,Major General Shepherd,There seems to be a lack of ghosts in this game.Once again Ubisoft is making false Advertisements!
76561198366951555,Recommended,460930,32599034,Posted: 20 June,all,PaidoMato,"Good Game, Great Visuals but I found it a little bit repetitive and still waiting for the multiplayer free update promised by the developer but nothing so far. I have to say that I did not even finish the history mode as it became boring after a few hours played. Still, I think it is a game worth playing but for the right price or after the multiplayer DLC comes out."
76561198239218858,Recommended,460930,30409176,Posted: 9 March,all,Roostah,I spent £40 for this game and i havent even passed the first mission as it keeps turning off my computer... Can a supporting agent please contact me as I can't dealw ith  this problem in any way :/
,Recommended,460930,30409124,Posted: 9 March,all,Oberstgruppenführer,It's Okay
76561197972029810,Recommended,460930,31228004,Posted: 18 April,all,dphares,"I think this game is absolutely excellent.  really resonated on many levels.  the map is huge detailed and absolutely beautiful.  Really deserves to be mentioned in such hollowed company as Far Cry 3 but legitimately different.  The complaints about the repetitive nature of the game are legitimate.  I think it should really be viewed as something where you play for a couple hours then log off.  Certainly not something appropriate for marathon gaming sessions.  That said, there is definitely room to implement radically different gameplay elements like you see in far cry 3.  Also reminiscent of Battlefield Hardline.  Weapon play is snappy and enjoyable.  The many strategic options are easy to use and enjoyable to contemplate and implement.  After some 20+ hours I have encountered zero bugs.Of note,There is no knife but I've gotten used to it.  The stealth silenced weapon type gameplay is just excellent.Thankfully the awful jump mechanic has been removed.  Vaulting over objects happens quite often and feels right.Vehicle complaints are semi-legit but i'm totally ok with it.  The game was really meant as a small team tactical shooter.  Perfectly ok, this isn't battlefield.  So limited helicopter controls are fine.  Ironically its a decent fun challenge to try and land the small planes that you find in the game.  Land vehicles are really varied and the low end ones are definitely on the slippery side.  It really just serves to contrast when you finally get into a lamborghini or baja truck and go ripping around guns blazing.  The high end vehicles offer extremely high end performance and operating them is an absolute joy.  Ironically the convoy takedowns offer some of the best gameplay in the game.Complaints about multiplayer are not justified.  I've only played single player so far and absolutely love it.  Only really had one mission where my ""team"" acted in a really annoying and unrealistic manner.  Otherwise they hang back, offer help, and basically let you direct the action.  I think the ai is just fine.  I'm currently playing 2nd highest difficulty level and look forward to playing highest difficulty multiplayer.  The game is not without challenge and death comes swiftly to the impulsive, slow, foolish, or incompetent.  That said multiplayer can be absolutely awful is you have joe rambo super selfish charging in without discussion each time.  We'll see.Overall 9/10.  I look forward to whatever expansions come after this point and am now interested in checking out the earlier ghost recons.  Bravo folks, well done."
,Recommended,460930,33257140,Posted: 4 July,all,ⓌⓇ➃ⒾⓉⒽⓈ,"Great game, but not really worth $60.Pros:Beautiful, graphics are great lookingCustomization, fun to mess around with the weapons and the accessories and character customization is neatGunplay, overall pretty smoothFun with friendsDifficult, change the difficulty to extreme and you have a really tough challengeCons:AI, you'd think 'the most dangerous men in the world' wouldn't act like a robot with a toy gun, your AI team is awful. Play with some friends insteadBuggy, sometimes♥♥♥♥♥♥happens that doesn't make sense, like a target suddenly appearing out of a different dimension or cars going through animalsRepetitive, once you do a few missions the rest (except for a few of the story missions) are the EXACT SAME.Overall: Great game, but wait for a sale, I don't think its repetitive gameplay is worth $60"
,Not Recommended,460930,33585854,Posted: 16 July,all,taksdal13,"It is really fun in the start, but over time, it becomes very repetetive."
,Not Recommended,460930,33544257,Posted: 14 July,all,Eagle,"I haven't played the game much, since I experience that the game hangs / crashes every 10-15 minutes or going in and out of the menu a few times. Music keeps running and I can move the mouse ingame, but can't do anything else, so I have to use Task Manager to close the game.Ubisoft support claims that it is something with my other software installed on the computer, like Discord. So I uninstalled that and reinstalling Microsoft Visual C++ 2008,2010, 2012 as requested, but that didn't help either.Then they asked me to do a memory test to see if there was anything wrong with my RAM. No problem with the RAM so everything checked out A OK. Never encountered any BSOD's or problems in other games, and I still don't have any problems playing other games.So with this experience where they are blaiming everything but but their own game, and Steam won't let me do a refund of the game since I have played over 4 hours. Two hours over the limit for a chargeback, so thank you so much Valve and Ubisoft for spending 4 hours trying to fix the damn game and not getting a refund for a game that is clearly not working for a vast number of users.Here is a video of the game crashing:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSVsV89ONzkand this happens every time when I try to play the game.So guys, just beware that when you buy this game you might experience crashes, etc every 10-15 minutes, like a vast numbers of people do.(Do a Google search)  And if so don't play past two hours if you want to try to  get a refund from Valve./Eagle"
,Recommended,460930,30406425,Posted: 9 March,all,paintrain,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,460930,30405978,Posted: 9 March,all,FrostCrown,8/10 for meAI teammate is the worst of the worst but the best from the best in stealthgameplay funstory goodthis game is Fun in Coop8/10AIโง่มาก มันช่วยอะไรเราไม่ได้เลยนอกจาก syncshot กับdetectให้บางตัวเวลาstealthแตก มันกันหลังให้เราไม่ได้ เล่นกับAI หัวร้อน กว่าเล่นกับเพื่อนอีก เล่นกับเพื่อนนี่ขำขันบุกป่าเผา กระท่อมenemy AI มันเกิดมายัดหลังเราบ่อยๆไม่เชียร์ให้ซื้อเลย แต่ราคาถูกๆตอนนี้ก็มีนะ หรือจะรอลดก็ได้ อย่าลืมหาแนวร่วมเล่น สักคนนึงหรือ3คนก็ได้ สนุกเหมือนกันส่วนตัวผมชอบแนว openworld อยู่แล้ว
76561198291030522,Not Recommended,460930,30391468,Posted: 8 March,all,Marlin,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  Ubisoft....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\"
,Recommended,460930,30539828,Posted: 16 March,all,Kilrail,Decent game. Driving mechanics somewhat suck... but good concept all around
76561197993725991,Recommended,460930,30412476,Posted: 9 March,all,Jav,"""..my frames tank especially in a vehicle... game is unoptimized""We got a few geniuses bashing a game for performance optimization when they have proper CPUs AND GPUs and don't realize that this 50GB continuous segmentally loading map is hugely demanding on the drive it's installed on, particularly common when moving to new areas rapidly SUCH AS IN A VEHICLE!Quick, blame engine optimization, not my slow♥♥♥♥♥2006 Western Digital HDD.Please note, I had this same issue, and moving it to an SSD alleviated it, but I didn't publicly publish a misleading review about the game engine's performance, which is actually comparatively reasonable and looks amazing.Co-op is the way to go, AI are fools. Lots of fun with friends, though.Primarily ran around looking to weapons so far, the map is giant and has lots of cool areas to explore. Great gameplay."
,Recommended,460930,33530949,Posted: 14 July,all,Glendale,Fun fun fun
76561198140362668,Recommended,460930,33436822,Posted: 10 July,all,Anish,One of the best open world game I ever played...  Environment and Gameplay is very good. But the campaign missions are very short.
,Recommended,460930,30426476,Posted: 10 March,all,Soggy Peach,I get to kill narcos and be a CIA / DEA badass.
,Recommended,460930,33715207,Posted: 22 July,all,sikocat,"So I fainely completed the game with only one Friend and it was a blast. The main story is pretty fun, but the side missions are all the same, there are 8 missions that Repeat them selfs.I played the game abit on my owen while i wait for my friend to login like get the weapons, attatchments and side missions and yeah it was boring.I bet if i hade more friends playing the game it whould be even more fun, so you be the Judg"
76561197972379729,Recommended,460930,30447983,Posted: 11 March,all,Dark Elf,"Just an absolute ton of fun.  It doesn't matter if it's solo or playing with up to 3 other people.I will say the season pass is rather meh.  They should be expanding the map - or at least, making the DLC as part of the original game, not some special mode that's started from the main menu (like Farcry 4 did ...)Still, a ton of fun."
76561198192654958,Recommended,460930,31852581,Posted: 19 May,all,markerman,This game is great! I hope they further improve this game! But it amazing anyway.
76561198283272235,Recommended,460930,31936491,Posted: 24 May,all,Laminatestar41,"Damn the game is freaking awesome, can't say much more then that, story mode is fun and I love the 4 player coop to play through the story"
,Recommended,460930,33879812,Posted: 29 July,all,I loose i give up am noob,"Great game,well great only if you got friends to play with since the start or else it's like one is gonna start a mission 59 and other is still on 23 but he can still play 59 that affects the story as in my opinion and finding players is also tough,great game but yea you seriously need friends to play it to enjoy it as its peak"
,Recommended,460930,30698532,Posted: 23 March,all,KING NIKO,"Lots of guns and plenty of customizations here. It can seem repetitive at some times, but there are multiple ways of taking on missions. If you can work past the♥♥♥♥♥♥vehicle mechanics and somewhat dull storyline, you've still got a great game with fluid shooting and an incredibly large detailed open world.   9/10"
76561198091330662,Recommended,460930,30401451,Posted: 8 March,all,Nubicide,"Finally, i can make use of those spanish classes i had to take"
,Recommended,460930,30401124,Posted: 8 March,all,Loli sucks off of csgogem.com,"This is honestly fun coming from a guy who has never played any of the previous Ghost Recon games. Granted that this is one day after the release of the game, there are many occasions when the frame rate drops, but never below 30. This is at the medium preset with an Intel Core i7 6700, 16 GB of RAM, and my GTX 1060 3GB that I have overclocked. There are still some performance issues, but I would recommend because this is the experience I have never before seen and felt in any other games that I've played.EDIT: This game is now becoming more and more optimized and I'm happy for Ubisoft. Now I'm addicted to this game someone pls halp ;-;."
76561198155519581,Recommended,460930,30401447,Posted: 8 March,all,IT'S A BIG FACIAL XD,"This is a good game, graphics are nice and sharp however would have liked to gave been  perhapse an expansion with in game marketing and further customisation of the character which can be changed at any time. ( If you are going to allow a player to customise their character with harneses and military equipment go the whole nine yards)"
,Recommended,460930,30400751,Posted: 8 March,all,a4UTOMAT,"If you ever wanted to feel like what Seal Team Six felt as they shot America's #1 enemy in the face, then this is your game. Parachute out of a chopper into one of these big rich cartel boss's mansion and unleash chaos on his doorstep. Absolutely recommended with friends to play."
,Recommended,460930,30401338,Posted: 8 March,all,Boombangityboom,Loving this game <3
,Recommended,460930,30401449,Posted: 8 March,all,Uberbokchoi,old school style much.
76561198149016258,Recommended,460930,30400777,Posted: 8 March,all,Alpa Chino,"The Division + Arma + Metal Gear Solid = GRWor a AAA version of Arma 3s coop missionsMy type of gamePLAY ON EXTREME DIFFICULTY, IF YOU DONT YOU WILL NOT HAVE FUN I GUARANTEE YOU"
76561198309676917,Recommended,460930,30400788,Posted: 8 March,all,Burmy_Stinson,For anyone who has been looking for a game that you can completely and utterly control the outcome of your character this is the game. Go tactical or guns blazing the story line is amazing and the customization is insane!
,Recommended,460930,30520229,Posted: 14 March,all,xALcaPWNedx,Definitely is in need of some patches but it's fun with co-op.
,Recommended,460930,30713746,Posted: 24 March,all,Ladiesman,"Great game so far... sunk 40+ hrs easily without even beating the game. Co-op is seamless and not intrusive.Biggest complaints so far... the game has much optimization needed still for PC. Some weird stuttering and framerate drops exist that shouldn't, but it doesn't stop it from being playable.They have a great base to work with, I hope future content results in more than just PvP modes, but in depth and challenging story content. So far, it's been worth the price I paid."
76561198069147438,Recommended,460930,30581267,Posted: 17 March,all,BERKSHiREBoB,Im having a blast with this game. Plays even better with friends. Beautiful graphics and landscapes that will make you stop and take it in every once in a while. Its like Farcry and Arma had a baby.
76561198055572010,Recommended,460930,30582616,Posted: 17 March,all,no_linear2003,"If you take Just Cause, the original Ghost Recon and Farcry you have Ghost Recon Wildlands.I love the open world that they created for this game. The amount of freedom you have in this game is amazing and you have many air sea and land vehicles at your disposal.The physics is great and blowing up stuff is satisfying when debris and enemies goes flying everywhere after a mortar strike. The detail in the models and physics is great! Each vehicle handles differently and it's fun just driving around the world or going offroad on the dirt bike!The missions can be approached in many different ways. You can decide how you eliminate the main Narco Boss and what under bosses to eliminate or interogate to get to him. I find myself just doing the side missions and exploring the massive world. Which is truly massive in size I havn't really scratched the surface of this game yet I'm having so much fun approaching any mission I choose in any order to get me another weapon or accesory, skill etc.The more intel you gather the more locations you'll uncover on the map so theres always a motivation to keep exploring.CONSAI~~The AI of the enemies is competent if a little janky. Your squad AI is however, horrendously bad.AI should be the first priority in a game I would of thought but relying on your multiplayer squad and letting the squad AI slide is not what I'd expect from a triple A game. I don't think sacraficing the singleplayer experience is the way to go especially when the singleplayer game works so well besides the AI weakness.Your squad seems at times totally unaware of the enemies around them. They will heal you without first killing the enemies surrounding your body leaving you to do all the work. The don't by default cover your♥♥♥♥♥when your under fire. I usually find them way back behind me doing their own thing. They will spot for you and this is a nice feature.  Having to order them to stack up behind you gets tedious.I really love this game but please fix the squad AI it is truly terrible.There dosn't seem to be any locational body damage. I wanted to shoot an enemy target in the legs to stop him escaping but he just dies and you fail the intimidation/interogation side mission so you will have to stealth up behind him or throw a grenade in his vicinity to spook him.Overall I love this game. All the elements come together very well and the interface is simple and efficient.Highly Recommended!!"
76561198110035744,Recommended,460930,32331749,Posted: 10 June,all,[AI]Cloudnin9,"Alright first off, I love Tom Clancy's work. Secondly, I don't really appreciate it being made into your typical shooter. The hype for this game was high due to the usual trailers we see, and I'll be honest I was hooked. You can tell lots of time went into the graphical portion of the game, and not so much as the gameplay itself. Even till now I experience sound bugs when travelling or just joining other player's games.You pretty much start off with the basic gear hunting down the ""bad guys"". You either have to kill or extract, then bam. You go around gathering intel and whatnot for your ""tactical"" advantage, just to do the cycle all over again. Even with the upgrades to your team, player, friendly AI, and guns, enemy AI find you even when you are hidden.Next up, DLC. I'm glad they added in the DLC's offerring a different POV for the player. Though Narco Road you run solo with everything pretty much unlocked, Fallen Ghosts offers you pretty much the same experience as the main game (excluding the AI can pretty much kill you slightly faster and the weapons you recieve). I feel like there should've been more to the all the DLC's, and also the capability to use weapons from the DLC's into the main game.I'm pretty much recommending this game if you intend on playing with friends or just want to zip through another game."
,Recommended,460930,30400335,Posted: 8 March,all,man of the hour,"fun, expansive, and works well even on old computers (by this games standards)"
76561198006773050,Recommended,460930,30400369,Posted: 8 March,all,TargetStalker,GTA meets the Division. Single player is ok. It can be done. This game shines in multiplayer. I have not had this much fun running around with friends in a game in years. Some games are just a grind.  Last night I finally looked up and noticed I had over 20 skill points to apply. I was not even concerned about leveling up. It was more about the gameplay. I enjoyed sneaking around. Taking out guards one at a time while communicating with my friends on who had which targets. I had a buddy sit overwatch to guard my back while I made my way through the city. Then I heard a thud. My buddy had sniped a guard next to me that I had not noticed. Fantastic game. Enjoy it with friends.
76561198044108894,Recommended,460930,30400284,Posted: 8 March,all,Ishvalla,"This game is a solid 8/10 with the potential to be a 9/10. I enjoy the dialogue between the ghosts...makes you feel like a squad. I'm only able to run this on medium (until I get a better GPU) and it looks pretty fine; Not great but okay.  Gameplay makes me feel like GTA/Farcry, go figure, right? At the moment I've only put in +10 hours and I'm playing solo so I can't imagine the gameplay with a squad. So official decision is......if you're hyped for this and willing to pay $60 then go for it if not wait until it goes on sale."
,Recommended,460930,30462589,Posted: 11 March,all,请赢 谢谢,"Think of just cause 2 multiplayer craziness mixed with far cry gameplay mechanics and arma 3 shooting open world.Whatever you just thought of will happen in a mix of exploding cars, headshotting enemies from 300 meters away, and using your mini-gun on your truck to mow down a helicopter."
,Recommended,460930,33974744,Posted: 2 August,all,MamaChomsky,Best coop experience in a while
,Recommended,460930,30733321,Posted: 25 March,all,Shaswato2014N,"Fun if you play with your friends, even if you play alone with the AI teammates. The only problem is the toilet-like optimization, which forced me to uninstall the game and still waiting for 3-4 months, hoping to get a all-problems-solved patch or a DX12 patch. My GTX1060 6GB and the i5-4590 even can't handle the game properly till now."
,Recommended,460930,30522156,Posted: 15 March,all,TooSpooky,"Im enjoying it.  It scrathces that tactical stealth itch.  arma just takes too long to get into.  But this i can play for a couple hours and then walk away.People tell me its repetitive, but no more so than any other open world game."
,Recommended,460930,30774817,Posted: 27 March,all,bringmemybow,"Great fun, alone or with a mate. Kills are fun and you can play it how you want..... yes every mission is the same, but it's up to you to add variety in your approach."
,Recommended,460930,30368882,Posted: 7 March,all,Gh0stK1ng,Great game once you have to turn off crosfire to play the game
,Recommended,460930,33590995,Posted: 16 July,all,Benlien,"Open world: amazingWays to play: quite few, almost the same everything, not much changesBut in general it still good, e.g vehicle, teamwork, friends, graphics etc"
,Recommended,460930,30683128,Posted: 23 March,all,zh.aung,"This game is like 'the Hollywood version' of ArmA 3. Overall, a very enjoyable experience if played on the highest difficulty."
76561198242720730,Not Recommended,460930,33512635,Posted: 13 July,all,carlosms_21,this game does not work. i have installed this game multipe times and it always crashes. i tried contacting steam but they have the worst phone system and automaticaly hang up on you. the worst part of this game is that i payed 100 dollars for dllc as well and i cant even get a refund. very disapointed.
,Not Recommended,460930,32181510,Posted: 4 June,all,BoxWeeb,Why cant you kill yourself when youre down
76561198317262616,Recommended,460930,30521535,Posted: 15 March,all,Shaunz101,"All in all, I love this game. Many people say it's not worth your money, yet I feel like it is, for sure. Many aspects of the game are excellent, a couple downfalls."
76561197985177086,Recommended,460930,30521744,Posted: 15 March,all,DeveN,"I loved the game but when I just went back to play Farcry4....I dunno. 6/10 OK Review here.It is a bit too easy, AI is a bit kinky.You ask rebel to fire artillary and they come to your position, when you shoot AI who is unaware while being chased (yellow)   they come to you even with silencer on. and then if you fire flare they all gather around confused..."
,Recommended,460930,30787857,Posted: 28 March,all,froppy,"This game is meh, but if you play with a friend the experience becomes a ton more fun trust me. Taking on missions, collecting skill points, and stopping convoys in new ways with friends is amazing.8.5/10"
76561198155183473,Recommended,460930,30698352,Posted: 23 March,all,corageouscashew,"Can be buggy at times, but overall it's a great game if you have friends to play with. If you are the type of person that plays alone it can be enjoyable if you don't mind the squad mechanics. Driving can be a lot better I feel, and the graphics can be better optimized, but it might just be my PC. overall I give singleplayer a 6/10 and multiplayer with friends a 8/10. :)"
76561198018603799,Recommended,460930,32001755,Posted: 27 May,all,Warpig_03,"Here's my no-BS assessment:The Main Game...AMAZING!Season Pass...NOT WORTH IT.As for DLC content, We'll have to start a new character in the Fallen Ghosts expansion like in Narco Road, which is very disappointing. Expansions should be seamless with your main character. As terrible as Narco Road was, it was made worse by the cheap mechanic of having to completely re-start the game when loading/unloading from the main game to the expansion. Horrible oversight, just horrible. I love the main game. Ubisoft needs to fix the aforementioned, add pvp and Task Force raid content and they'll stop hemorrhaging players. Adding cheap trinkets in the Ubi store in lieu of adding meaninful game content is just damn insulting.With that said, If you like tactical FPSs, get it. There are endless ways to replay the same missions with varying outcomes. The problem is...there aren't enough. The story, map, the visuals, sounds, weapons and tweaks are awesome; but like a hot girlfriend, once you've gotten used to her looks, your left with a shallow relationship leaving you wanting more."
,Recommended,460930,32002060,Posted: 27 May,all,Taras,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands ReviewTom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands (herein referred to as GRW) is an open world military shooter set in the South American country of Bolivia. Due to character limit constraints, I'm going to quickly list the positives and negatives before a few thoughts on the DLC's.Positives of GRW:Story is sufficiently enjoyable, it's nowhere near brilliant but good none the less.Gunfights are satisfying.AI Teammates are fairly well implemented.Difficulty can be adjusted to one's liking, by adjusting difficulty but also the option to remove HUD elements too. This means the game can be made to suit anybody, from a newcomer to shooters to more experienced players.Weapons can be adjusted fairly extensively to indvidual preferences.You can certainly be imaginative with how you approach targets, partcularly with other players.There are in-game statistics to help judge performance.Enemy AI is not bad, they react differently to different situations.Great graphics.Negatives of GRW:Vehicle handling is mediocre at best.The weapon stats are unreliable.The limit of four players a game means guilds (called Task Forces) above this number cannot all get together in game. I believe the option should be available if people wish to use it.Once the story is complete, there's not much else to do. Some sort of mission-generating system wouldn't go amiss in a game like this.It seems most DLC content of mention is becoming a seperate game within the game, as opposed to added content after the main story as it ought to be.I have not been overly tempted to buy most of the extra content and DLC's. I made an exception for the Peruvian Connection as it added an extra boss to go after in the main game, however Narco Road does not really add anything to the game, as its essentially a seperate game based on some of the games weakest mechanics. It seems at present that Fallen Ghosts may go a similar route, time will tell on that score. Costume packs are mediocre, as many are whole costumes and not individual pieces, as they really ought to be.Overall, I would recommend the base game to others, whether any DLC's come out that I'd endorse will likely have to be covered in a seperate review. The core game is a reasonably solid amount of enjoyment I've had a lot of fun with, regardless of the issues it has."
76561198051301844,Recommended,460930,33548070,Posted: 14 July,all,SeanScott3D,Throughly enjoyed it. Needs a New Game + . 8/10
,Recommended,460930,33336186,Posted: 7 July,all,Coelian,"By the time I bought it people tells me this is waste of money, now I can see why this game would get so much hate. It is really repetitive you will get bored pretty soon if you play it all by yourself, but I still recommend it if you have a few friends play co-op with you. Otherwise, don't buy it."
,Recommended,460930,32478108,Posted: 16 June,all,guroLover,fantastic game w/ high quality gameplay
76561198015652796,Recommended,460930,30859539,Posted: 31 March,all,Nurse Main Bells,"Just amazing, could play for hours on end if I was allowed to.The other thing is, my gaming computer can only handle 'low graphics' but 'high' for everything else in the graphics optionsStill love it, and still play it and will for quite a while"
,Recommended,460930,31630932,Posted: 8 May,all,dedx290 (PMG),Love this game
76561198005536299,Recommended,460930,30535414,Posted: 15 March,all,TheRayGun,Very Fun. Huge World. Awesome Guns. Better with friends
76561198070442127,Not Recommended,460930,31474049,Posted: 30 April,all,☭ Potato,"In the beta this game was kinda fun, but knowing it being a ubishit title I knew that the missions would be repetive as ♥♥♥♥ and boring.the one thing I wonder is why the ♥♥♥♥ the have a season pass when they have microtransactions they probly made enough money to have to of their titles have free dlc's.'granted the guns and customization options are pretty good and the map looks somewhat decent.The only thing that I want ppl to remember when thinking about buying a ubi title: 1, the trailer might look amazing as ♥♥♥♥ but that will definetly not how it is going to be when you buy it 2, The downgrade is fucing real, most of the games that they have shown ""gameplay trailers ""  of the look absolutely nothing like when the game is out. 3, the game play will most likely be boring and repetive as ♥♥♥♥, like I said above, you just do tha same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over to get ""intel"" for missions. And the final reason to REALLY consider waiting or skipping a ubi title is multiplayer. They really ♥♥♥♥ing suck at multiplayer games, everygame that has a multiplayer mode have ALWAYS been♥♥♥♥♥♥and unplayable. we had rainbow six sige (wich they have now  fixed), The division wich was an absolute joke when it launched, hackers everywhere, laggy pvp connection problems (wich they also more or less have made it somewhat playable), now the joke of the ♥♥♥♥ign year FOR HONOR, this game is the most broke♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer game they have release. this game has everthing wrong with it. the pier to pier needs to ♥♥♥♥ing stop (means that one player is the host and if he leaves there is hostmigration adn so on) it was so many people lagging and as always in every-mother-♥♥♥♥ing ubishit title there are hackers and cheaters. I was really easy to set up a lagg switch that made so you could run behind ppl and kill them. they also made it so that unlocking stuff and gettign the currency is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ mircotransactions that have the in-game currency eich just lets any one jsut spend 15-30+ dollars and get all the best gear in two seconds. there is a lot more♥♥♥♥♥♥but I just get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥thinking about this♥♥♥♥♥♥last thing, I never thought that the company that made the AC games become such a♥♥♥♥♥♥company that is even ♥♥♥♥ing worse than EA. Now even ea has made it so that the new star wars game has no season pass like WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ UBI GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGHETER."
,Recommended,460930,30590032,Posted: 18 March,all,☣-BlueSkuLLy-☣,Great game simply put.
,Not Recommended,460930,33621664,Posted: 17 July,all,Bobcheese39,"Ghost Recon Wildlands is a third person 'tactical' shooter riddled with glitches, terrible voice acting, sub-par physics, and a generic cast of characters. The enemies that you defeat all felt similar, and the missions felt repetitive. There isn't much incentive to explore new areas besides unlocking new weapons and attachments. In fact, that is the main reason that I explored the game - the guns. They all felt responsive, powerful, and fun to use. Although some felt under powered, like the shotguns and smgs, they all had their situations to use them in.The story is extremely bland - you are going to play as members of the ""Ghosts"", a fictional elite special operations unit of the United States Army that is tasked at bringing down a powerful cartel in Bolivia. The story line features painfully bad voice acting, cheesy lines, and bland dialogue. The bosses, however, have variety. They are interesting and have a lot of diversity in how they talk and interact whit the player. You learn a lot about their character, from throwing them into the back of a truck to take back into base, to the brief cut scene you get when you successfully capture them. They are memorable - a polar opposite of the hordes of regular cartel members that you defeat.Every time you are given a task, it felt very repetitive. 'Go to this place, kill some dudes, pick up a piece of paper/, then leave.' Rinse and repeat. And that is this games fatal flaw – it becomes boring and repetitive after a couple hours.  The only thing that kept me playing was obtaining new guns and attachments.The guns and attachments were very fun to use. They had a lot of customization options and variety – they all felt that they could be used. Another cool feature of this game is that you can switch weapons on the fly. This is really helpful, as you can fight your way up to a nice sniper perch with a  assault rifle and SMG, and then equip a sniper once you reach the top to pick off your target.Another main problem is the glitches. Nearly 5 months out, and the game still feels like a beta. Almost every session I had with this game I experienced copious amounts of glitches, from buggy landscapes, getting shot through walls, and unresponsive AI. The AI is also another problem with this game. If you are playing single player, you have very little control of your teammates. For the most part, they do their own thing.Overall, Ghost Recon feels like a mediocre experience with glitches, sub par voice acting, yet fun gun play. I would not reccomend this game until many patches later, and the price drops."
,Recommended,460930,30537012,Posted: 15 March,all,Kerensky,"Overall a fantastic coop experience, with some minor flaws.There's plenty to do and hunt for in a very open world experience, and all the videos and lore and cutscenes are an interesting break from the action.  There are pretty interesting ways to approaching the game, from true stealthy Ghost style to guns blazing rambo, though it seems that mixing it up every now and then is good to keep the experience fresh.Singleplayer experience just to see the story is probably not worth it, but with friends or randoms with compatible play styles it can be loads of fun.  I think difficulty tuning is definitely off though.  The skull count for each region doesn't seem to really mean much, I've had trivial defense missions in sector 5 zones where barely a trickle of enemies attacked, and some mortar defense missions in lower difficulty zones where it feels like the enemy onslaught never ends."
,Recommended,460930,30499973,Posted: 13 March,all,Shadow©,I wasn't so sure about it before trying out the open beta. After playing the beta  I was in love. Pre-ordered it immediately.  Enjoying it since. The character customization is over the top and in the good way. The hunting for new weapons and attachments is slightly on the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t side but is soooo worth the effort. I've managed to get stuck in two spots on random mountainsides so watch your step.Sicario (the movie) was major inspiration for this I can already tell. AND I LOVE IT.https://youtu.be/Hdm5EkaPdeY(What I listen to when I'm moving on a boss.)
76561198261607510,Recommended,460930,33038255,Posted: 30 June,all,PrimalGamingHD,Ok let me start this by saying this game is not my most loved game from the ghost recon games but at no point will i say it was not fun i enjoyed the fact that you got to choose how to do your mission and how things got done and how you could join your friends in the battle against the cartel was just amazing i have played 115.9 hrs of this game and still i find things that make me want to come back and do the missions again i have done almost all the content in this game and to say that somepeople didnt like this game i must say that i did and that i think this game is a solid 7/10 and needs more people to play this gem of a game now the word gem i used because it is in my opinian one of my best open world stealth games and i think you should deffenatly give it a shot
76561198040421286,Recommended,460930,30633409,Posted: 20 March,all,Jearicho,"Such an Amazing game, hopefully will come out with DLC maybe include U.S. Forces, larger scale operations, more varieties with vehicles, not saying there isnt plenty there and its GREAT!  This game is worth the money, and coop experiance seperate this title from those alike!"
,Recommended,460930,30725172,Posted: 25 March,all,Lam Tikka Masala,"Very fun. Absolutely beautiful graphics. I may not have a lot of hours now, but I will soon."
76561197967529665,Recommended,460930,30726261,Posted: 25 March,all,Djouker,Good game - like far cry and splinter cell in one
,Recommended,460930,30766549,Posted: 26 March,all,Whiizkey,Awesome and fun game!
76561197970912143,Recommended,460930,30784610,Posted: 27 March,all,Mannix,"Great game with a HUGE map whereas many other games are done after 6 hours of play.  Plays a lot like another game (which you will find out) as the missions are endless, almost too endless as they seem to repeat often.  Nothing worse than taking over a enemy stronghold only to have to retake it later.  Good key board commands and relatively user friendly, except the airplane (what were you thinking???) and trying to stabilize the helicopter to use the machine guns.  Game started crashing a bit and more so later on as I played into more missions.  Amazing graphics and real world environment, you need some serious horsepower to properly run this game.  All in all a good bang for the buck as I have equally spent this $$ and never got half of the game this is.  Be prepared to spend some time on your machine if you truly want to explore this amazing piece of work.  However, regardless how cool it looks when a vehicle smashed into another and it sends it airborn to crush you, if the game crashes one more time....."
76561198041335580,Recommended,460930,30861124,Posted: 31 March,all,mandrewf,"I enjoy the time I have spent to this point, needs more optimisation and mission variety. Would be 100% worth on a 30-50% sale."
,Recommended,460930,30862998,Posted: 31 March,all,Brandon,"Obviously this is Far Cry 4 / Far Cry Primal with a facelift. Knowing that helped understand the game out the gate.I give this a solid 9/10. I experienced two bugged missions playing coop with a coworker, otherwise no real bugs per se.There are some annoyances like how the AI seems to have laser vision, and summoning a helicopter sometimes places it near a tree where it blows up when I try to use it.For the most part though, if you like the Far Cry games, to me this is great.The weapons you get from killing the bosses seem like crap, but otherwise good variety of weapons. I have fun sneaking into the military UNIDAD bases and stealing the apache"
76561198273543951,Recommended,460930,30869885,Posted: 1 April,all,Slumdog,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,460930,30930139,Posted: 3 April,all,Sugarbuzz,"Co-op is really the only way to play this game.With real players in co-op you get fun-as-hell, varied, and dyamic engagements - wheras with the single-player AI squadmates there is a strong predictability to the gameplay.The graphics are lovely on max.Co-op 9/10, fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥No-op 6/10, pretty scenery and helicopter practice."
,Recommended,460930,30932851,Posted: 3 April,all,Tea-Rex_TheDinoSir,"Alright. So this game isn't awesome. It isn't terrible either. What the game does it does well, but it doesn't do alot. Sure the map's huge and all, but whats all that if I can't climb all the mountains, or go on a plane ride with out getting shot down istantly by a SAM. Over all, if you like 3rd person tactical shooters, it's a game for you. If you are only interested in it because it's open world, well go play a far cry game then."
,Recommended,460930,30947158,Posted: 4 April,all,DeX-files,"The game's engaging and fun thanks to the freeform design.The weapon/gear customization is some of the best ever!--------------------------------------------...But the driving mechanics are terrible. You get used to them, but they're trash.Also there are some unaddressed, game-breaking glitches."
,Recommended,460930,30973472,Posted: 5 April,all,Bandit,"Considering the last couple games that Ubisoft has released, I was not very hyped for this game. However, if your computer can run the game on a smooth FPS, I would recommend this game to any open world fans."
76561198347198406,Recommended,460930,30989034,Posted: 6 April,all,Velkro615,"Game is 10/10 ""would bang""Edit: After hours of playing, there are some frustrating glitches. Like calling for a helicopter drop and  it gets dropped in a spot where it cannot take off due to being blocked while there were tons of wide open spots for it to be dropped.Other minor stuff, cannot climb over some pretty small obstacles at times."
76561197966566326,Recommended,460930,31003492,Posted: 7 April,all,Kelp™,Yes
,Recommended,460930,31010010,Posted: 7 April,all,Ozzi,"Glitch Recon Wildlands: It had an okay story, character and weapon customization. I enjoyed playing with my friends while the AI team is only good for sync shot ability that's it yet the game has a ton of bugs like spawning vehicles either on your head or no where near you. I look forward to the bug fixes and new content. <= Thumbs upNarco Road is more ""Need For Speed"" with it's drifting and time attack racing from point A to B. There are no boss battles just get to the buchon or main boss location and watch a bloody cutscene. <= Thumbs DownI will update my sarcastic review once the new content drops until then I got my money's worth."
76561198073665545,Recommended,460930,31033029,Posted: 8 April,all,[51stNY] Cpl Thorshammer,From the start i was Anxious for its release....Not been Disappointed so far....cant wait for New content and new addons later....good job on the game.
76561198302261542,Recommended,460930,31035041,Posted: 9 April,all,MrMiyogiWaxOff,Great game... Enough said.
,Recommended,460930,31051373,Posted: 9 April,all,~w~ [DICE] W. Hound,pretty good for an ubisoft game lol
,Recommended,460930,31069903,Posted: 10 April,all,Edaok,"Remember everything bad about the beta? well, they fixed it. Game is awesome. Im running on an i54440, GTX1070 , 16gb memory on a 1440p 144hz monitor and i rarely dip below 60fps on very high settings. turn off god rays and motion blur and go kill yourself some cartel members in bolivia."
76561198009015408,Recommended,460930,31082028,Posted: 11 April,all,Aieonae,"If you have a high power GPU, and like really fancy graphical features. this game is build for it.otherwise, might wanna wait for a sale for further consideration, as it is very ugly if you are to run the game on a low setting."
76561198034165724,Recommended,460930,33973575,Posted: 2 August,all,Lextheimpaler,Good game. Lots of things to do. great graphix
76561197970682603,Recommended,460930,30407578,Posted: 9 March,all,Maroszek,"So I won't beat a dead horse and go listing pro's and con's, you can see pleanty of that on these boards.Short version--I liked it!  Plays great with single player (little AI buddies are a bit odd at times) and it really shines with a friend or two.If you like open world games with a military flavoring then I'd recommend it."
76561198018094315,Recommended,460930,30407674,Posted: 9 March,all,archon urien,"finally, a game where the singleplayer isn't a 2 hour afterthought tacked onto a generic arena based shooter.  the map is huge, the enemies numerous, the gadgets allow you to plan attacks in advance and the vehicles are superb at running people over(really satisfying).  although there is dlc and microtransactions they are nowhere near as prevailant as a lot of modern titles have been and the don't overbalance the game... they just speed it up a bit, which is what microtransactions should be in my opinion.  where as a lot of titles have been buggy at launch(anyone up for playing some watchdogs... AC:unity... arkham knight.) i have experienced no problems with this game and considering some of the stunning visuals in this game that is amazing.   i've waited years for another ghost recon and i'm so glad to see it wasn't a waste of time and money unlike a few other modern games i've purchased this is definately not going to warrant a refund request."
76561198085768181,Recommended,460930,30438715,Posted: 10 March,all,Advocate31,"I am a miltary sim nut. Not the biggest fan of spawn in shooters like COD or Battlefield, though I do like Battlefield 1 for quick action hour fun. Huge Arma and flight sim fan. Also always liked GTA. I thought this game would be like Just Cause 3, but much better. I say Wildlands finds a middle ground between the old Ghost Recon games and GTA. It's a beautiful mixture of the two. Flight physics are good for an open world game. Helicopters basically switch from auto hover to fixed wing once to speed and makes a good transition without rudder pedals. Can coast sideways at slow speeds and believable when engaging a convoy. Squad orders in SP, though primitive actually serve a purpose. Use the ""go to"" and ""regroup"" a lot in a firefight and it has a positive impact. Combat is fun and surprisingly tactical for a GTA style game. World is huge and beautiful. I'm running a GTX 960 with 8 gb ram. I have to keep textures on low but everything else is on and ultra and get 60 fps. JC3 not so much. Customization of weapons and character is large. If you are a military fan and like GTA, this game is a must have."
76561198246967310,Recommended,460930,34131445,Posted: 9 August,all,ABOOD GAMERS,i recommend this gamei finished it in 42 hours and i still wanna play morei hope if uplay can download new free expansion for itkeep it up uplay :)
,Not Recommended,460930,32976028,Posted: 28 June,all,Applejaked1,"I played the game 100%, maxed out my play level,  collected every gun,  skill point, and bonus . Kinda repetitive but was still really fun because of the open world aspect and being able to tackle the missions with different play styles. I'm not recommending nor pre-ordering/ buying another ubisoft game until a month or so after release due to it being almost 4 months since they announced the pvp dlc for this game. They have had no problem pushing the payed dlc but again it's been almost 4 months since they announced the pvp and that's what I bought the game for. Mean while ubisoft is rolling out update 1.7 for The Division. Don't buy it until the pvp has comeout and you have watched someone stream it on Twitch/ YouTube."
,Recommended,460930,33747678,Posted: 23 July,all,Rogue,"Don't think of this game as a Ghost Recon game. This of it as Ubisoft's version of the old PS2 Mercenaries game. When you view it that way, it's decent. If you're playing alone, I'm not sure I'd recommend it. At that point it's just ""okay"", and not worth 60 bucks. It's not as terrible as For Honor though.If you have even one person to play with, this game can be a really fun time. If you're a solo player, go pick up Future Soldier or Splinter Cell Blacklist instead.Recommended due to co-op, and only co-op."
,Recommended,460930,34170435,Posted: 11 August,all,✪ rampaGe -iwn,"It's really not bad, the story is nice and long, the map Is huge, all of the provinces feature different unique weapons and attachments, and the vehicles are easy to drive and fun to use. I don't find anything repetitive about this game, and also don't find It boring by myself, although I do find It to be better with a friend or two. There's not many ways to get bored by this game, because of all the things you can do with the large amount of space you have, and, again, the story Is very fun."
,Recommended,460930,34236230,Posted: 14 August,all,Anti-Semite,"If you play this game either multiplayer or singleplayer, it's a hell of a lot of fun."
,Recommended,460930,34236329,Posted: 14 August,all,Hu3kY @NGC Husum,8/10Pros-good looking-large map-different environmentsCons-only about 30-50 fps-gets repetitiveAll in all was great fun playing alone and with friends doing all quests and flying around in choppers or planes. Would recommend to buy!
76561198020526643,Recommended,460930,30492224,Posted: 13 March,all,LUNK,"The enemy AI (as well as teammate AI) is a bit inept, but still a great addition to the Ghost Recon franchise.Biggest issue with the game -- teammates run around enemy bases, often right in front of the baddies, and yet don't get caught."
,Recommended,460930,30561754,Posted: 16 March,all,Sou1.,Nice game!
,Recommended,460930,30633539,Posted: 20 March,all,chaddavis32,"I have a brand new rig, GTX 1070 overclocked, I7 6600K, 16 GB ram and the multiplayer continues to crash on me. This is definitely a code problem because i havent had any other problems with games. Ubisoft is known to have those flaws with their games, i was hoping that this time they would turn it around but my friend and i are constantly getting booted from our online session and it makes my computer crash.The game itself i am enjoying, although a little repetitive...i just wish they could smooth out some of the kinks of PC. If you want to play this game very bad i would recommend it although you might experience some technical issues while playing."
76561198021030718,Recommended,460930,30704515,Posted: 24 March,all,Simmi er gay,"Very fun game in my opinion, get a friend to play this with you and you are going to enjoy this very much."
76561198130483557,Recommended,460930,30462344,Posted: 11 March,all,Jmtnsub,Super fun. Really great open world tactical shooter. Would reccomend any one that is a fan of fps or openworld co-op.
,Recommended,460930,32325387,Posted: 10 June,all,SKRAM-66,"So much like Far Cry 4 (which is in my top 5 games ever). GRW has a reat Co-op model. Easy to join friends. Acomplishments stay with your character no matter whos game you play out of. Weapons are great. Extreme mode is VERY challenging! World is enormous in this game! I can play it easily with high quality graphics settings on a 5 year old i7, 16GB RAM and a GeForce GTX970 card. Well worth the money!"
76561198141997316,Recommended,460930,30510888,Posted: 14 March,all,Trilobyte,"Hey Friends,I was experiencing autosave stuttering. (dreaded skull in bottom right corner)HOWEVER, i can confirm switching JUST UPLAY ITSELF to an SSD fixed this issue for me.Im not about to throw a 50 Gb game onto my SSd just yet, but if any issues arise from having game on HD, and Uplay on SSD i will update :)"
,Recommended,460930,30384580,Posted: 7 March,all,◬Magic◬,fun to ply with friends
76561198019417626,Recommended,460930,30389159,Posted: 8 March,all,[FD] al20milla,"Great game, feels more like GTA or MGS:V than previous ghost Recon's. Some mechanics are busted, like having your team noscope everything for you. Graphics are great.Didn't expect to like it this much."
,Recommended,460930,30381642,Posted: 7 March,all,MikeisFatPP,Been Playing this for a wile and I love it
,Recommended,460930,30375633,Posted: 7 March,all,maimus,"I have enjoyed this game, after playing it throught both Closed and Open Beta.Currently the graphice shutter and bug out alot which can be anoying.Edit: After some testing this is only happerning when I have my SLI active. once i disabled my SLI it is running with out any graphical problems."
76561198041907887,Recommended,460930,30376336,Posted: 7 March,all,heartlessdeath,"Not sure what happened between the beta and release, but I went from being able to play on Very High setting in the beta with near 60 FPS to Low Settings on final release and only 22 FPS. But as it is still a fun game and I am aptimistic of an update, I'll go ahead and give this one a thumbs up."
,Recommended,460930,30382071,Posted: 7 March,all,soapman88,"i only recommend becasue i feel this will hopefully get better. after playing a few more hours here are somethings i noticed*Team and enemy AI is really stupid and sometimes frustrating.*Helicopters feel broken, they do very odd things like go down fast and crash for no reason.*Customizations are really cool, def my favorite part of the game.* Combat is fun, feels real and tactical, i like that its 1 hit kills.* Hate that when you pickup a gun it dosent add to your inventory (maybe i just havent figured it out yet)* million dollar super cars driving on dirt roads in the middle of nowhere...wtf?thats what i have so far.Its a fun game, that will be really fun with others. ALOT more arcadey than i thought it would be. hard to have a plan go off un hitched. No what i expected a little disappoint and a little suprised.i dont care about "" it just released of course its gonna have bugs! "" they had a beta and this isnt a ♥♥♥♥ing indie company.Not sure if its worth 65 bones yet, i would wait to go on sale unless you still really want it."
76561198310246325,Recommended,460930,30383461,Posted: 7 March,all,蛇魔退散,"the game is good, i wait until 9 o'clock to play it, it is fun, but its 4 players only. huge big world. its like a mix of gta and arma3.alot guns is from rainbow six siege. if you play long time, it will be boring. because you just complete mission over and over, also its my first time play tps, still have bugs, but ok"
,Recommended,460930,30373135,Posted: 7 March,all,Pingus the Dingus,"Editing to give more detail:I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is thinking about getting it, especially if you have freinds to play it with. To start with, the game is not broken (at least for me). I dont have a top of the line laptop by any means and this runs just fine for me and my friend. No connection issues with the server, no frame drops, no crashes. The game does start out feeling very easy, even more so when playing with an AI squad. But if you continue past a 1/5 difficulty mission it gets much harder. The customization on this game is amazing even if you do not want to pay for the premium customization. Almost all weapons are unlockable in game. The clothing and hair could have a little more but it is still more than satisfactory. There is loads of content in this game and well worth the 60 dollars."
76561198120540428,Recommended,460930,30374229,Posted: 7 March,all,Spreelly,its pretty fun
,Recommended,460930,30375027,Posted: 7 March,all,🍁D3LTA_SAS11🍁,great game
,Recommended,460930,30383179,Posted: 7 March,all,Baconbeard,"Grab Some Friends, take back bolivia! such an amzing game, not a ubisoft fan as for honor was horrendeus! but this game nails it hard 8/10 - would buy again!BE WARNED PLAY WITH FRIENDS 3 OF THEM, been playing with my brother and it can be such a b***** when the game gets to later stages. tons of Enemys"
,Recommended,460930,30383311,Posted: 7 March,all,pemmy,"If you have friends, this is a fun gameThat's enough said.Its like Just Cause 3, but more character-based, its co-op and skillful military stuff instead of blowing random♥♥♥♥♥♥up.Countless hours of gameplay. But,-add a jump mechanic, lots of places to get stuck-fix random few-second freezes-disband with ubisoft because all uplay does is cause issues tbh"
,Recommended,460930,30383501,Posted: 7 March,all,Sailstone,"It's kinda like skyrim....with guns.It's huge, explorable, scenery is great, climate changes thoughout the whole map.Gun customization is perfekt. Play with a friend or three and you have hours of fun ahead of you. Might be boring alone.Overall a great game."
76561198353502278,Recommended,460930,30383547,Posted: 7 March,all,hunterhcw1,Can't figure out how to get my activation key for Uplay. Can someone help?
,Recommended,460930,30383938,Posted: 7 March,all,The General,"Huge amount of customization (individual weapon attachments can have different camos, tons of clothing and gear). Really cool and original setting, and pretty overall fun gameplay. Definitely pick this up if you're a fan of customization and the Ghost Recon franchise."
76561198090343975,Recommended,460930,30384497,Posted: 7 March,all,Dusty,F*cking awesome. Lots of fun. Badass. Lets do it.
76561198120316739,Recommended,460930,30384622,Posted: 7 March,all,DankusMemeus,best open world tactical shooter to date IMO. love how you can get your friends in and just destroy the santa blanca cartel together with sync shots and well planned assaults
,Recommended,460930,30387016,Posted: 8 March,all,Varga,sneaky beaky like
76561198123816190,Recommended,460930,30383645,Posted: 7 March,all,Kaejer,"Realy fun! :D 20+ hours in Open BetaDo NOT play this alone, find someone with similar playstyle and taste as you and you will have an amazing time.AI: 7/10 they pretty much have aimbot but they act very human while passiveGameplay: 8.5/10 starts to feel MGS:FP'ish after a while but not quiteGraphics: 9/10Driving: 9/10 in open beta, after spoiled kids cried, Devs tried to fix it and failed so i'd say 5/10 nowThe game is a Blast, i suggest playing with one person though as 3 or 4 might become chaotic. Feels Perfectly made for 2 people."
76561198018686526,Recommended,460930,30381679,Posted: 7 March,all,Chaos Is Strong!,"Just cause meets tactical shooter. Not a dull moment so far. While this is by no means the most challenging 'tactical shooter' ever, it is very entertaining. Large map, lots of weapons and equipment to play pretty much however you want."
,Recommended,460930,30384593,Posted: 7 March,all,Phoenix [B²],"Meh. It's okay, I guess."
,Recommended,460930,30387006,Posted: 8 March,all,Ghoul,"Basically Third person Farcry with Co-op, a bit more depth in combat, vehicles, and more things to do."
76561198359647642,Recommended,460930,30376164,Posted: 7 March,all,tilt'd chew,Mucho gusta or gusto? dont know this game is decent tho
76561198160499835,Recommended,460930,30383270,Posted: 7 March,all,Rayzirxy,"Great game so far. I still haven't played with my friends which is what I'm looking forward to.So far here are my thoughts :Cons :_AI is... not very smart_Some bugs here and there, but that's a give because the map is massive!I have a pretty powerful rig and I can't run it at ultra, even at ""very high"" it drops below 60fps-i7 7700k-16 GB Ram-Asus 1070_Repetitive side questsPros :Beautiful gameFun campaignSoo much customizationWorth a shot!"
76561198271171017,Recommended,460930,30384467,Posted: 7 March,all,prashanthdoshi456,game is awesome . a visual treat but it needs optimization . i play this game on high setting/ all on and nvidia turf effect and hboa+ on my rig 16gb ddr4 2400 mhz gtx1060 6gb i 5 6500 . the game plays between 50-60 fps but there is few seconds frezee and i cant play it on ultra settings hope that nvidia release performance game ready drivers
76561198053243807,Recommended,460930,30384695,Posted: 7 March,all,RQ,Really enjoying this game would definetly recommend!
,Recommended,460930,30373019,Posted: 7 March,all,Hemp,Yes.
,Recommended,460930,30374482,Posted: 7 March,all,Jaune3347,a ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game(It's my personal opinion)
,Recommended,460930,30381721,Posted: 7 March,all,Joffrey Baratheon,"Performance has been improved a lot since beta. Now I am able to run at Ultra on my GTX 1070 (Laptop). Vehicle control still needs to be improved. However, I really enjoy the game."
,Recommended,460930,30383449,Posted: 7 March,all,blue,"If u like stealth, sniping, tactical, slowly taking over outpost and such, then this is your game"
76561198167238758,Recommended,460930,30383590,Posted: 7 March,all,MEplayzGames,"Like coop 3rd person far cry, its awesome. Runs well, mechanics are good, would recommend to any fan of tactical shooters."
76561198307036759,Recommended,460930,30384065,Posted: 7 March,all,TURMIRE,Ultra settings with no issues at this time. Game looks great and game play is a lot of fun with friends so far. Cars act a little weird sometimes but it adds a little humor to the game. 8/10
76561198078230686,Recommended,460930,30384494,Posted: 7 March,all,Hurrakane,I personally do not play many shooters not usually my type of game but digging this one so well crafted.
76561198065156288,Recommended,460930,30384863,Posted: 7 March,all,Monkey_Business,Pretty good thus far.
,Recommended,460930,30386395,Posted: 7 March,all,Rolinos,"Fun co-op military shooter. The co-op is where it really shines, the game is at its best when your mission plan goes horribly wrong and everyone is thinking on their feet.Runs smooth looks great as well no launch issues for me. I have a high spec pretty new PC so take that into account."
76561198095708270,Recommended,460930,30388352,Posted: 8 March,all,The Machine,goooooooooooooooooooooooood
,Recommended,460930,30383546,Posted: 7 March,all,Marik,Endless Co-op experience. Much more fun played tactically.
,Recommended,460930,30384762,Posted: 7 March,all,runtcash,For a Ubisort game on pc at release I'm suprised to say it's pretty good. Seems to be optimized really well and even the random matchmaking was running flawlessly no lag issues/glitches.♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun
76561197988304909,Recommended,460930,30389113,Posted: 8 March,all,$un$et_157,The only down fall for this game is ubi serverAgain since Ac mess Ubi didn't seems to learn a thing about network / connection relay
,Recommended,460930,30395420,Posted: 8 March,all,Sexy Beast,"After roughly 4 hours i can tell you that from what ive seen its a great game. Nice open world, different weapons, good looking terrain, etc. It reminds me a bit of Far Cry 4, mainly because of how you access missions, which you do by going to its location on the map. Only problem is that in the beginning when you were creating you character it took a long time to load everytime you tried looking at a new face (for me idk if anyone else had that problem). Great game so far"
76561198135450822,Recommended,460930,30395650,Posted: 8 March,all,IswearIamBad,"This game is really amazing. It lets you customize your character in many different ways, right when you spawn in it gets you into the action.-Something I dont like is the driving it feels like your stuck to the ground.But in all other words the game is great, you should definitley check this game out"
76561198018608298,Recommended,460930,30397349,Posted: 8 March,all,Destroyer,So far I'm enjoying it a lot. I recomend this game.
76561198169848938,Recommended,460930,30397815,Posted: 8 March,all,Chini kid Laughing,i likr this game funny play with frainds and more i like this game
76561198193352889,Recommended,460930,30397829,Posted: 8 March,all,MadtotheMax,It's very very buggy but atleast it's fun to play with your friends
,Recommended,460930,30398964,Posted: 8 March,all,GamingSjugur,"This game is the best game this far into year 2017. Just what I were hoping for and even abit better!But first lets talk about what most people expect when given a Tom Clancy and more presice Ghost Recon Game. The Tom Clancy name when attached to games began way back in the days with Rainbow Six Series. It started out with a briliant FPS tactical shooter. And held iself true to it's form for quite awhile. The same can be said about the more open leveled and military focused Ghost Recon games, Though they survived the first evolution into modern days. With a more future soldier(near future that is) focus. The Rainbow six series went from a highly tactical series, into a more action oriented experience. And lately the Ghost Recon Series have passed into the open world genere....The thing is that this has not been a great secret, and the Open Beta gave anyone the opportunity to look at the different aspects of the game. So noone should be suprised here....For me this game can be summed up like this: It's not deep, but i'ts a hell of a fun game.  To quote Hot Shots 2.. War It's fantastic! IN other words this is a game that makes you feel like a-team or some other epic action movie`series dudes.Yes the game have some funny physics regarding cars, the steering of helicopters, boats and car/bikes feels abit not true. But Then again this is not a Military/rally/life sim. It's an open world game where the main focus is fights!So what about fights you say? Well, if you do everything well, every engagement is easy, but one slipup and you feel it. This is especially noticable in Coop, as in singleplayer you will always be revived(once pr battle) by NPC teamates.The game has some briliant solutions, the syncronized shot ability is awsome in singleplayer, and in coop you use it to mark  primary targets(atleast my regular playergroup does so). And it works fine.Weapons, yes you must locate end pick new weapons(and weapon attachments) up at differnet locations, but you uncover these places by sheer luck or finding intel. ANd the weapon customizer is awsome!Story: Well Ecil drug dudes, pressure Bolivia to ignore them, and weeho enter America(!) special forces.. Time to make a cleanup on line 9.....Works well as a background thing for your wild moviestyle action!Graphics, stunningly beautiful landscape, Now I wish to travel to south america again. Nice weather effects, and sun+mountains+ some fog and clouds are just worth screenshots!All in all 8.5 out of 10. Game is a good Far Cry meets Just Cause kinda game, but carves it's own slice of the Openworld cake!(better vehicle handling would put it up to a 9 out of 10)"
,Recommended,460930,30399149,Posted: 8 March,all,Mengko ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一,Fun game. Solo or coop. Think division open world.  Driving could be a little better.
76561198021654366,Recommended,460930,30392602,Posted: 8 March,all,SamRothstein,"So far I really like the game.  Ya it needs some bug smashing, optimization and work through some other issues, but the core game is a blast."
,Recommended,460930,30395032,Posted: 8 March,all,ZEROCUSTOM,"Before launch I had some mixed feeling about the game considering all the problems I had read about from other reviewers. Fortunately, the game is pretty great. Granted there are some issues I have with the game like the driving mechanics being a little too arcade style and some glitches, but overall I really enjoy the game. I will say to take full advantage of the beautiful graphics you will need a powerful computer."
76561198284532453,Recommended,460930,30395533,Posted: 8 March,all,leroycchsu,"At fisrt i thought oh no another open world game from ubisoftt, but then I started playing a bit just to see how the gameplay feels like, and its actually farely decent, they still have much work to put in regarding vehicle controls, but otherwise everything is great, you get tons of tweaks for the graphic settings, the game even lets you run benchmark for your own custom graphic options, and speaking of customization, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥does this game have it, obviously you dont get crazy character customizations option like an elderscroll game, but the amount of clothes, gears, gun parts you can tweak to your liking is absolutely fantastic.I recommend this game to people who likes open world and third person shooters, i dont recommend this game to people who wants a great story or FPS fans, it's really different from what you might expect, but overall i have a blast playing it."
,Recommended,460930,32362545,Posted: 12 June,all,Ben-Horon,"The CIA during all of the Cold War simulator, but with 2016 technology.Actually quite fun, though a massive plot hole permeates from the game like a foul stench:can we not just flood Bolivia up to its♥♥♥♥♥♥with US Marines?whatever, the stealth is fun. 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,32897736,Posted: 27 June,all,kort,Great game to play with friends with loads of bugs and unplayable DLCs. Amazing fun.
,Recommended,460930,30456996,Posted: 11 March,all,PeppySteppy,Fun with friends and if you looking to laugh a lot you have come to da right place :)
76561198105034145,Recommended,460930,30415376,Posted: 9 March,all,corndog0046,"This game is kind of like a cross between COD and Just cause 2. Its not that hard, but it still makes me feel like a rockstar when I do something cool. The driving is ridiculous; the cars can't really steer accurately, but they are nigh on indestructable. The whole game I really like, but I don't mind repetition in a game as big as this, because you can always fool around with how to do different things, like launching cars into enemy zones and junk. If you'd like old ghost recon games, this one is a nice improvement, at least to the motions of the game."
76561198044860504,Recommended,460930,30427805,Posted: 10 March,all,ThatHenryGuy,"I'm really enjoying the co-op and single player. Played it a while and still not even half way with the campaign. If you enjoy co-op games, this is probably one of the best.Quick tip, you can teleport to friendly ghosts and also use the rebel support to spawn a vehicle."
76561198062106697,Recommended,460930,30427830,Posted: 10 March,all,HEZIGE,GOOD GMAE!
76561197990767508,Recommended,460930,30415117,Posted: 9 March,all,Bighate,I'm leaving the long and in depth reviews to others.
76561198067228180,Recommended,460930,30415331,Posted: 9 March,all,Supahz,"Lovely landscapes, big story, encounters aplenty.  As a fan of Far Cry, Splinter Cell, Hitman, and Sniper Elite, I am loving Wildlands.  Flying helicopters is a major pain, but otherwise, thumbs up."
,Recommended,460930,30415407,Posted: 9 March,all,stephen_dedalus,"This is my first review on Steam. I find this game worth to review.My caveat, the game is not for everyone even you enjoy gta v or mgsv. Because it is neither of them. Stealth and action is well packed and tactical elements are not punishing and demanding as mgsv. Vast open world may get repetitive if you do not like to hang around. Likewise if you are really  into story you might not like the fiction. Do not expect a Witcher or a Snake from this game.That being said I don't agree to people  saying that single  player is a boredom. Think that this is like a nice well made action movie comparing Russian movies. If you are for reality, hardcore gaming go to Dark Souls or Arma. Just have fun and don't think the rest.Gameplay is extremely fun. Gun play is smooth, action is well paced.There  are some glitches here and there but that's all. Musics are enjoyable. A nice Breaking Bad moment can be experienced in Bolivia. To be honest car physics are sometimes clunky but as far as I read from the first reviews  this issue will be fixed soon. Even now it is not a disaster.I experience fps drops with a rig 16 gb ram, i7 4790kand gtx 1060 on ultra settings. I can say that Deus Ev mankind divided runs like a charm on ultra high with the same rig.There's one thing I do not like. If you are not satisfied with a mission and your cover is blown you do not have to wait to die for restarting. This is really disturbing. But maybe I am missing something. Checkpoints should be enabled somewhere.To sum up if you like Splinter Cell and Ghosts Future Soldier with open world experience do buy it.If you are into hardcore gaming experience with a detailed characterisation be aware of it.My pointsGameplay: 10/9Graphics: 10/11Ambience: 10/10Voice acting: 10/8Sounds and music: 10/9Story: 10/6Characterisation: 10/7Physics: 10/9Thanks."
76561198071014096,Recommended,460930,30427953,Posted: 10 March,all,Schrades,"I think this is a great coop game to play with friends, i also do enjoy playing in by myself but that is jsut my opinion. The environment is great and the physics in this game make it some fun to play just because some of the bugs they have in the world, but what open world game doesn't have bugs...I am about 25 hours in and still have tons of stuff to do and even when I finish I would still get enjoyment out of raiding some cartel or unidad bases in this game."
76561198321394620,Recommended,460930,31790623,Posted: 16 May,all,souL,"Very nifty and large open-world. Seen a lot of complaints aboutAbout not being able to run t properly. I've had no problems, but I've recently upgradedAnd am getting a solid 60fps in 1080 ultra.The connections with friends seem to be pretty solid tooOnly had one or two disconnects in about 20hrs of play.I really enjoy the bullet physics too, nothing quite as satisfying as ranging the perfect shotAnd hitting it without any enemies noticing.There is quite a bit of freedom in execution too, you can snipe, go full stealth, go loud, or even a mix of each, which seems to happen most of the time.I'm only playing on normal and having fun and trying out different tactics.A 4 man squad, with tactics over VoIP, need to find a couple more players, but still having fun just with co-op.Only gripe would be how they'd take away the ai squad mates when u invite a friend.Co-op with two more ai to make a full squad would be ideal, but it's not like they're the smartest ai anyway."
,Not Recommended,460930,30376278,Posted: 7 March,all,National Socialist,Another jewbisoft's scam.
,Recommended,460930,30380816,Posted: 7 March,all,YaBoiLightWeaponsGuy,"Pretty surprised how smooth the launch when, haven't had any major issues other than one crash caused by Nvidia. I had a lot of doubts about the game but I'm loving every bit of it.The game itself is a blend between Just Cause 3, Far Cry 3/4 and a hint of GTA IV.The customization is really really well done, hopefully they add more stuff in the future.Overall I really feel like I got my 60 dollars worth of content out of the game so far and I've barely scrated the surface in regards to the open work and everything else.Solid 8.5/10, only downsides I can think of are the confused friendly AI and the goofy driving/flying."
76561198088176429,Not Recommended,460930,31695351,Posted: 11 May,all,ItsFantastic,"here is an honest review to go off if your interestied in this game. I cant deny, this game was awesome in the beta, it was fun to play with people and explore the places that we were given. I pre ordered this game and was looking forward to when it came out, and once again when it came out i had a blast. But this game is one of those games with no replayabilty and you tend to get sick of the same boring enemys and missions. Every mission is basically the same being going to ""destroy something"" such as cocaine stashes. But when you get there you just kill a bunch of the same enemys and then click a button on a box... Thats about it for about 80% of the missions in the game. Along with the boring side quests, just plain annoying rebel quests, there are the bosses. If you can even call them bosses, all you do is clear out a bunch of quess what, the same enemys you see the whole game then you just either 1 shot the boss or just take him or her to a different place. Then there is the unidad, the unidad is just plain stupid they will just keep coming after you and will never stop chasing you, if you are attack a base, and 1 COP sees you... BOOM there are nonestop waves of unidad cars helecopters and other♥♥♥♥♥♥ And you would think you can just run away and lose them then come back but NOPE they will stay there until you fast travel away then back. And when you come back all the enemys have respawned, also the unidad have armor and are really op. Then the boss guns are just kinda dumb, no not the boss gun, every gun, The boss guns really arent very different from their normal ones and are worse cause you cant change them, so they all have no silencers and are annoying to play with, also the rest of the guns in the game are set up pretty bad. First  there are like 3 guns that to get you just kill 10 normal enemys that are the best and make all the other guns pointless. All in all this game is the first hours but then after that is nothing but the same enemys over and over again, lame side quests, underwealming ""bosses"" and plain just a boring experience."
,Recommended,460930,35049875,Posted: 18 September,all,Don,"If you'd like a good stealth shooter then this is for you. My buddy and I were playing Watchdogs 2 for a while, but it was just too easy, so we decided on this game since the CO-OP can be done together completely, instead of just side missions. The only issue I have with the game is minor stuff that they skipped, such as being able to see my teammate use his binoculars, instead it just shows him standing, or failing a mission and spawning really far because it set us to another mission (this has only happened once so far, but I'm only 2.5 hours in so...I hope this doesn't become a thing. But if you want a challenge I recommend it, it's not super hard but it is challenging. We set the difficulty to extreme (the hardest) and it pretty hard to go in completely stealth, we pretty much have gotten caught every time we've done a mission, but it's ususally down the line.As for the map it's pretty large, we've only scratched the surface..if this is only two and a half hour in we've got atleast a few more dozen hours to go through before we've even gone through the rest of the territories.As for you guys that have over a hundred hours but don't recommend it, i think you need to reevaluate, I mean if you can get that much time out of a game it has to be decent, no?Overally 7/10, good content and a good challenge, but they really skimped out on the detail that makes a game great.----Day 3 still having a blast, so much to do. Only gripe now is that you have to pay to unlock all the clothing? I don't think I've seen a 60$ game do that before unless it was an MMO lol."
76561198053249976,Recommended,460930,35402524,Posted: 1 October,all,MikeyBlue68,"Absolutely fantastic game. A real blast either alone or in co-op. Stunning scenery. I'm fortunate to have the Acer X34 and an Aorus GTX 1080ti running at 2000Mhz because the graphics at ultra will bring just about anything to it's knees.That being said, at the Very High preset, everything still looks fantastic and at 3440x1440, I'm getting great frame rates.The mechanics are great and improving. The soundstage is really noteworthy. If you're simply scouting through jungle, turn the volume up for the rich ambient noise. It really adds to immersion. And then break that tranquility by firing off a double barrelled shotgun! Especially in a valley. This game has got weapon sounds only rivaled by ARMA IIII can't play fpshooters. Nowadays all of them make me unwell so it's a great pleasure to find a third person shooter as good as this.I was really annoyed by all the average reviews that came out on or near the day of release, but that it to be expected I suppose when the devs put in a lot of additional work to address criticism.A lot of customization in terms of difficulty. Stealth is your friend.Ubisoft got this one right. When you see how big the open world is and the fact I've never noticed textures repeat, a clue might be the fact they started development in 2012!"
,Recommended,460930,35370175,Posted: 1 October,all,Darkness,Kidnapping Simulator 2017
76561197983600887,Not Recommended,460930,31518713,Posted: 2 May,all,LDiggity,"I really want to like this game.  I have tried really, really hard.  It is great looking, I mean amazing with a 1080 and i7.  Unfortunately the looks only go so far.  The AI is atrocious on both sides.The cover system is terrible, I am constantly having to switch my weapon orientation because I get close to an object and it moves my weapon thinking I am going into cover (in 3rd person this annoys me so very much).  I mean, why not use snap to cover like The Division?  Really?  Why?Even on the hardest difficulty it is cheese, especially with the shoot through any wall or terrain sync shot system.  It would have been really cool if you had to order your team into position so they could set up an attack like i think they intended to at first before some guy said ""hey I really don't want to do all this coding can we just make them shoot through walls and have no immersion whatsoever?"".  And your team orders apply to the entire squad so theres that too  You have to play it with a friend or friends really, but I don't like that you are forced to do that when so many other titles do co-op much better than this.After you clear a few bosses it becomes a monotonous drag, I mean everything is the same over and over.  The flight controls are the worst I have ever seen in a game with vehicles, seriously they are so terrible.  Why even put weapons on the helos you cant use them because you cant line up a shot unless you get lucky and some idiot flies in front of you.The weapons look cool and there are plenty of mods but really they feel pretty much the same, and I can't really tell the difference in sound for most of them.  Once you get a good SR theres no point in using anything else.  Don't get me started on the DLC Narco Road, its so far from the concept of Ghost Recon that I thought it was a joke or something.Wait till this is on sale and you have nothing else to play.  I can't tell you how many times I became frustrated with the mechanics or the fact that the plane I was supposed to steal blew up because I shot it with a pistol by accident a few times and just quit.  But mostly I just wanted to play anything else but this."
,Recommended,460930,32450566,Posted: 15 June,all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"One of Ubisoft's better open world games. Bolivia is absolutley massive.The game looks gorgeous and the story was decent.> You have 4 areas of operation you need to complete 2 iof them to unlock the last boss, but as you take out areas you reveal bits of the story and i found it very engaging.> The way ubisoft have put the collectibles in this game is far better than any of their other games, there's no ""collect 120 ars3 hair strands"" across the map here. All the collectibles are your weapons/attachments and backstory to whats happened in bolivia, it is very cleverly done.Overall i really enjoyed GRW and id recommend it to anyone who is a fan of these kinds of games."
76561198154636096,Not Recommended,460930,35223861,Posted: 26 September,all,KingOfNuthin,"**I play a copy on uplay with 136 hours of singleplayer gamplay**Ghost Recon Wildlands provided me a lot of fun, but overall I am not satisfied with it. To me, GRW is a best practice for wasted opportunities. It could be so much, but Ubisoft wrapped this game in chains and will never unleash it's potential. On top of that the game is never running smooth.Let's start with what GRW could be:This game was announced as a large scale sandbox. But it isn't. Of course you can play the game the style you want, but that isn't the meaning of a sandbox. Beside your very own character and weapons there is no piece of customization in it. After I've finished the story, I'd love to explore more of the world. But why? They have truly created one of the biggest open worlds in the shooter genre. But on 95 percent of the world there is nothing to shoot at. If you leave roads, you'll never run into a group of enemies. So what is the benefit of a dense jungle, when no patrols cross your way? You always know, where the enemy is. In bases, towns or roadside. What a waste of this beautiful world.Next up is the content. That Ubisoft can make money with microtransactions, another game made for modders is denied to modders. It would be so cool to see more factions, equipment, vehicles or simply user created missions in this game. Was it that hard to implement a little editor for droping down markers, a mission objective and some text, to share it with your friends? That would be something useful for the companion app with it's live map. But we've got a guerilla minigame with it. No need for it.Ok.. requesting Mods is something huge. But let's get into the microtransactions:It's something we have today. If we like it or not. But if a developer missed out some core content for the game and is charging us afterwards for it, is not acceptable. I talk about one of the latest ""Ghost Packs"" including the Night Vision Goggles. Those were requested since the Beta. Because you have Night Vision in the game, but no goggles on the head. Immersion breaker. Instead of giving the community a candy, Ubisoft put the NVGs in a ghost pack and charged 15 (!!!!!) bucks for it. Guys.. that is 25 percent of the price from the full game. Again.. this is NOT ACCEPTABLE!On top are a lot of graphical issues. (My PC specs are below) I really hope that I am not too dump to set this game up. But I have stutters and framedrops all the time. In addition to that, the camera shake while running, which cannot turned off, make the game feel more stuttering. Moving cars for example have sometimes a weird 'tracing' of their texture, as well as NPCs when driving by. I've tried it all. Medium Settings, High, Very High, Custom... it never stops dropping below 60 or sometimes 50 FPS. And yes, I also tried 'Fast Vsync' in the Nvidia Control Panel. The game just won't run smooth.The graphics finally made me writing this review. Because I really want to enjoy, what the game is. Even if I see lot of missed potential. But if you don't want to ride a bike or drive a vehicle, just because you know it will drop your framerate, it isn't fun at all.And yes.. this review is also meant as a feedback to the developers. Please stop destroying your own creations. All these ""Content Packs"", preorder bonuses and season pass stuff is cutting up your games. I never have the feeling to get a complete game these days. Everyone should get the very same experience. Not everybody can preorder every game he wants. Those people get punished with less content. Just because you (the devs) want to make money, BEFORE we get anything. STOP IT!PC-Specs:i5-4460, GTX 1060 6GB OC, 16 GB RAM, SSHD"
,Not Recommended,460930,34609604,Posted: 30 August,all,D☹pamine ♥  💀💋﻿💉,"This game's repetitve (get's boring quick) and glitchy. This need's to be fixed, my computer should easily be able to run this max but it runs pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥and sometimes sounds don't even play? Like when I'm driving a veichle the sound won't play from it lol. Over priced for what it is. Bots suck as well. Would maybe recromend on a steam sale but even then probably not. At least until they fix a bunch of the bugs. It's so bad that I've uninstalled it and hopefully they fix a bunch of it. For the price it's definitly not worth it! Feel ripped off big time!"
,Recommended,460930,30455714,Posted: 11 March,all,Johnny Lasagna,"I was on the fence for this game after playing the tech demo.Glad I bought it though - huge, beautiful world, and a ton of fun with friends."
76561198149694109,Recommended,460930,30390710,Posted: 8 March,all,Gefferson,Good.
,Recommended,460930,31156140,Posted: 15 April,all,big ol doinks,This game provides countless hours of co-op fun with friends. Any level of player can do well in this game. The weapon and character customization in this game is simply amazing as well. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,460930,35396938,Posted: 1 October,all,Zandy12,"This game has had alot of thought put into it. The open-world scenery and graphics are amazing. Also, there is an abundance of sidequests and surprises that will add more spice in your gameplay. The storyline is very attention-grabbing. This game took 5 years to be in it's current state today; which resulted in a massive set of missions, locations, data, and customizations. It paid off very well. I enjoyed this game very much. The ending was as real as ever. I can't wait to play the next Ghost Recon game in the series. 10/10"
76561197997059152,Recommended,460930,35354966,Posted: 30 September,all,Killaz,"Very good Game and co-op !!!It could have quickly became redondant and repeating itself but DLCs and various gameplays make it long lasting and enjoyable for quite a long while.I probably shouldn't compare but it is a well made and thought through game, unlike several that have been released lately, such as ""Division"" which is quite a scam imo and you very quickly realise it when playing it as the main ""objectives"" are taken care of in a short gameplay time ! BUT THIS Ghost Recon IS NOT, it's loads of fun if you enjoy strategy/tactic shooters.Enjoy"
,Recommended,460930,30433141,Posted: 10 March,all,Tango,If you got friends to play co-op with then this game is very addicting.
76561198080833939,Recommended,460930,30398415,Posted: 8 March,all,Delta62,"This will be a long review. If you don't read i understand... However, what held within is a story for survival and hilariousness that paid in its self for the game. bought two copies for my self and my cousin.10/10 would buy again and get chased by assault chopper again.Starts out im in this hilly mountainous terrain like something out of afghanistan or pakistan. come to this bridge with some tangos on it. 2 in the tower 3 down below. on the street. Its set up like a blockade on a bridge something you would see in DAYZ or military sim games. hop out of the truck, use drone to syncshot 2 guys in the tower, while the team is setting up the shots. I notice the commander walking towards our pos.pull out 1911 wait for commander to come, as the commander comes into range put two in his head. switch to sr25 sniper, walk around the cargo van crouch down by the dead commander and notice the 2 tangos in the tower are neutralized. start picking off the rest of the people on the bridge. Hop back into the vehicle and we take off through the check point, at this point i realize this bridge is longer and way more fortified then i realized. come up to a mini base with mortar/assault heli support... just gun it through. mortars coming down on the road, heli shooting. unit hangs out the window shooting people as we fly by.After crashing into 3 cars on the bridge finally make it out the other side at a train station, realize chopper is still following us shooting at us. hop out because the jeep is just mangled. Mortars start to land on pos. team starts firing at chopper, i get downed by chopper, They rez me and i immediately run through the train tracks to the other side, see some old guy standing next to a motorcycle and just hop on it and take off.  Driver through this town going like 80-90 mph on this motorcycle. Chopper catches up starts shooting at me im doing the z on a motorbike dodging trails of bullets thump, thump, thump. Come up to this old lady in a suv. She hears the shots sees my coming guns it. Were both doing like 80-90 mph through this town i start to get up beside her after screaming at her to get out of my way. She decides to try to hit me with her suv i guess to save her own life or for error of her driving not too sure, regardless. What happens next is hilarious she veers towards me, i smash on the breaks and at that exact moment she takes like 15 to 30 rounds from this assault chopper through her vehicle she instantly dies and i swerve around her and take off again. chopper still on me, at this point im thinking its over... so i make one last ditch effort to lose the chopper.I ramp off this mountain and just am tearing down this thing... chopper still chasing me. im going easily mach 1 down this thing. half way down hit a rock, thrown from bike... laying in the dirt. see little light down the hill as my bike is still going... and look up to see the chopper just taking off after my bike.. and im laying in the dirt laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off.10/10"
,Recommended,460930,30810076,Posted: 29 March,all,SugarN'Ice,"It's a good game, but not the game you gonna put thousands of thousands hours worth of your lifetime to it because its the overlly big map gonna be empty when you've done all the rebel support and the storyline. Im just hoping that the PVP they promised gonna make me come back to this gameOverall 7/10"
76561198132999850,Recommended,460930,30433015,Posted: 10 March,all,Dectator,"Wildlands is a great game with beautiful picturesque scenery. The map is great each sector has its on personality. You have jungles, forests, and Snowy areas. Small towns and open plains fill the landscape.The game has many good qaulities but also some flaws which I shall go into now.Pros- Graphics, completely stunning!- Enemy Ai, the Ai will react to attacks, quite well. In Far Cry if the alarm goes off of the place you attack one army attacks you. Whereas on Wildlands all them enemies in the base get alerted. And patrols will also attack, so you have choppers, convoys and new soldiers attacking you during your raid. This means you can not kill them all if the alarm is set off usually instead you must do what you came to do and then EVAC.- The Co-OP the Co-op is fun the community is good I havent experienced any players verbally abusing, trolling or messing about in an annoying fashion. Instead they work as a team, play together and have a laugh. This is all you can ask for from a Co-Op based game!- Car variety, from the Mini bus, to the Lambo the cars are well designed each car is interesting to drive and its nice to drive crappy cars for immersive reasons, driving a minigun fitted armored truck sometimes feels a bit over powered and unrealistic!- Weapons variety, the weapons are great you have a huge number of weapons and they are all easy to find but with many of them its like a sidemission to aquire them you must invest time in raiding a base to find the assault rifle you wanted.- Weapon specs, the weapons are great in their specs, you can edit them visually and change scops and grips easily, but the weapon audio is amazing, its rare for a mainstream game to have good audio in their guns, the 50. cal sounds like a 50. cal the 1911 sounds like a real pistol. Also the damage is great pistols are not too underpowered nor over powered. Sniper drop is good but also when a heavy chopper comes in you can 1 shot kill it with a 50. cal in specific areas.- Missions/Story, the story is nothing special but it is enjoyable in the sense that its long, you can keep track of it and it is not overwhelming. The missions on the other hand do not feel reptitive they give you knew reasons to complete missions, as one mission you must stop child trafficking that makes you want to finish that story line as quickly as possible, another where you are trying to hit Djs, drug smugglers, torturers, every boss has its own rich context and back story making you want to get them all.- Allies, your rebel friends are not a powerful force although depending on tactics they can become extremely useful! And the storyline makes you feel immersed. They constantly talk about how the Ghosts need the rebels to think its their OP, their mission, and their story, so you truely feel like a special forces operative, and not a war hero!- Customization, you can design your outfit you can look like a real merc with jeans, t-shirt and a hat. A SAS soldier with Gas mask, black military attire, and gear to match. A US soldier with Modern military gear and aesthetically pleasing combat armor. A rogue with leather jackets, aviators and a cowboy hat. Almost any tone can be created by your outfit. And this reflects onto cars where you dont need to always drive in high end cars as the crap cars can make you feel more realistic!- Ai civies, the civs are always walking alone the roadside which is extremely realistic  for a third world country and they are inside enemy bases working on construction and even making Cocain, so not everyone is the enemy this means that you have to be careful who you kill and it becomes so much more immersive, as even the victims are working with the Cartel.Cons- GLITCHES! Now glitches are a major problem from the telegraph poles raving to the soldiers using walls as treadmills. I have not seen any game breaking but many are annoying as hell.- Nades, The grenades are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I do not know if they are meant to be like this or not but in real life a grenade has a set time limit and it will go off depending on the builder although some nades take 5 seconds, some 10, some 15, and some do not go off at all, I do not know if that is in their on purpose or not but it feels broken!- Miniguns, now my first raid on an outpost was met with heavy fire from an enemy turret and at the end I noticed it was a minigun, I then realised every single turret whether on a chopper, car or outpost was a minigun this is so so so annoying, it ruins the experience, a 50. cal machine gun would be much more aesthetically pleasing and enjoyable to shoot.- Prices, now you have to pay for a lot of weapons, and gear in this game which is sad because their are not many clothing options and to pay £10 or $15 for an outfit is terrible, I think it is greedy on Ubisofts part and unfair on the player!Friendly Ai, my team alert enemies quite often, fail to revive, fail to watch my back, and are terrible at shooting out of a car! They are only really used for sniping and medical reasons!To conclude a great game with a fantastic selection of gear, and choice in how you play, the tone of the game, and what your character represents!"
,Recommended,460930,31205715,Posted: 17 April,all,Limbcutter,"It was me, BlackMike, Rodriguez, and Andy (the A.I. teammates) taking on a known cartel member. We closed in on his mansion about 601 meters away knowing that anything beyond 600 meters was invisible to us, so it must be to them too. I park the Hummer, kill the engine.F**king Andy starts telling a joke about a marine captain, a navy seal, and an army dude. ""Shut the ♥♥♥♥ up Andy"" I say.""Sicario spotted"" BlackMike interrupts.""We all saw the movie. Not every soldier in Bolivia is a f**king Benicio Del'Toro style hitman.""""Spotted another Narcos"" follows Rodriguez.""Are you f**king shi**ing me? We got Pablo Escobar here too?""...""childish games like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in drinks, spitting in boots, when's it gonna stop?"" Andy finishes his story.I place C4 on our Hummer and kill us all. The Cartel wins, but I think we deserved to die more."
76561197977467879,Recommended,460930,30489915,Posted: 13 March,all,OZZ,"a cross between farcry4 // sniper elite 4 // rage // division //  a big sand box //  nice long story line// great convoy chase  moments // and the military fights which are never ending fire fights //stealing tanks // trks  // dune buggys // gun ships  ect.   // this is worth playing a few times and with your freinds for hours of endless game playwhats the ending like well im not tellingand for ign to say its just another of the same cake mix  he needs to get a life , its not  it might be one of the best they done so far i dont think the division can run along side this  one for nowrally up ghosts get ready for a fight !!"
76561197963125059,Not Recommended,460930,31535504,Posted: 3 May,all,SuperSix[4],Could this game stop crashing? I am enjoying the gameplay and getting immersed in the story but it has crashed on four different occaisions at critical moments. Of course sending a crash report is nice but it doesn't make up for lost time. I hope future updates will help fix this.
,Recommended,460930,30473739,Posted: 12 March,all,ṪḩḕĴṹḏḡḕ,lots of content. great game - surprised ubisoft made it.
,Not Recommended,460930,31735005,Posted: 13 May,all,Liquid fan,"This game has a really bad customer service support. I have to learn to do port forwarding to connect to multiplayer game. I do not know the reason, so I ask uplay customer service to help me. They only keep telling me to do port forwarding and if I do not know how to do it, ask my internet service providers. And when I have done it which did not solve my problem, uplay said they will send me an email to deal with it in 2 days, TWICE, but they never did so. I finally resolve my problem all by myself after two weeks. THANK YOU UPLAY, HERE GOES YOUR NEGTIVE REVIEW."
,Recommended,460930,31725854,Posted: 13 May,all,Arby's®,"Holy Crap.  Best game I have ever bought.  Far Cry 4 meets Rainbow 6 Siege.  Amazing gun play and movement, coupled with awesome graphics and a sweet open world storyline.  10/10."
76561198064418400,Recommended,460930,30476049,Posted: 12 March,all,JEWPITER,First while watching the trailer i tought this game would suck... I loved the old ones but the last two where♥♥♥♥♥♥. Now this one is simply amazing i remember trying ghost recon on xbox 360 long time ago and thiking OMG they brought shooting games somwhere else here is the future well damn me they did it once again! Peopple who downvote this game cant run it simple as that coop is simply amazing first review i wright so it says alot. btw came here to wright this and left with a DLC
,Recommended,460930,30405246,Posted: 9 March,all,rizzyy,"Rushed as any Ubisoft product is. Driving is horrible, but the game is still fun overall :D"
,Recommended,460930,30701625,Posted: 24 March,all,Schlapaf,Plus: This game makes you feel more operator than any other game I have played.Minus: The person in charge of vehicle physics and handling should be shot.
,Recommended,460930,31450399,Posted: 29 April,all,The Crimson Chinchilla,"Ladies and gentleman, Ubisoft has once again caked its pants. Im giving this game a positive review because like most Ubisoft games its actually pretty enjoyable especially in co-op. However, like most Ubisoft games its also a buggy, poorly made (in some cases) mess. If Ubisoft just had a little pride and self respect, they would have pushed this game back and really ironed out the wrinkly parts, and we'd be talking about how amazing this game is for years to come. But they caked themselves instead. Get it for 30 bucks. I pray that ""The Fractured but Whole""'s delays means that Matt and Trey are forcing them to spend the required time to make a great video game. Again, this game is fun, but almost all of the negative reviews are correct. Read a few, and decide if its worth it to you to sift through the poop in order to find the good game thats lying waaaaay down underneath."
,Recommended,460930,30416115,Posted: 9 March,all,GunGuitarist,Just Cause 3 and Metal Gear Solid V had a child. And it was good.
,Not Recommended,460930,31243978,Posted: 19 April,all,Minibike,DLC is a joke... Wasted 100 dollars on this game because I knew TC wasnt going to mess this one up like division. Well... They should have just named this the Division 2.
76561197983401247,Recommended,460930,30648323,Posted: 21 March,all,mweb,I  am enjoying the game. Great graphics. No crashes etc.-One major down side is the screen tearing which can be fixed by turning on the vsync in game BUT YOU LOSE 20 fps. I tried Nvidias vsync and triple buffering but it didnt do anything.-Vehicle driving is ok. Helicopter needs better controls. Needs slewing and better throttle control.-Swimming mechanic is a little weird and water quality is not quite right either.-I do like the fact that this is the first game I've encountered where it actually clouds over before it rains.
76561198323463669,Recommended,460930,30670596,Posted: 22 March,all,MASTODON,They really took note from what people said about the division and put all efforts twords wildlands. By far one of the best games I have ever played.
76561198029212138,Recommended,460930,32735937,Posted: 24 June,all,neefertem,"All in all, my favorite game of 2017 so far.Pros:Beautiful, immersive open worldCharacter talent tree: focus on your drone, your character, or your squad as you like.Squad AI, the squad follows commands well and have autonomy.Enemy AI is challenging.Weapon and Vehicle variety, with lots of weapon customizations.Tactics based on how you feel like playing. Want to drone in and order strikes? Do it. Want to rush in Uzi blazing? Do it. Want to find a quiet hill and snipe? Do it. Want to order the squad in and watch from a safe distance with binoculars, giving orders? Do it.Huge campaign.Excellent voice acting. Squad members tell jokes and chat while not in combat.Cons:Framerate drops, especially when loading into a new zone.Vehicle controls are finnicky.DLC and special weapons can't be customized like most others."
,Recommended,460930,30667760,Posted: 22 March,all,mmurray821,"I have really enjoyed this game so far.  Like Far Cry, you travel around the world and the map is revealed as you go.  The missions are varied enough it doesn't feel like you are doing the same one over and over again for base raids.Some of the buildings do have the clone brush applied to them and going into some it is confusing as you just say this one last mission.Also the cover mechanics are a bit pooched as you can be in cover and the AI will still hit you.  Also the AI usually ignores your AI friends and just goes to town on the player.None of this is deal breaking though and the game is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,460930,30668621,Posted: 22 March,all,Y4kuzaishi,AI are dumb unless you tell them fire fire !but other than that the game is nice but with friend will be funny as hell
76561198277927742,Recommended,460930,32689343,Posted: 23 June,all,Mystic_Shado,"I have recieved 100% completion in the original story and the first 2 dlc's, and putting a lot of time into the game i think it is one of the best fps games out right now, if you are on the fence buy it you will not be dissapointed."
76561198051014491,Recommended,460930,32910423,Posted: 27 June,all,Balto,"It's pretty much what everyone wanted from ARMA 3 missions, but in a standalone game."
,Recommended,460930,33009283,Posted: 29 June,all,PEEK-A-ZOID,its a great game
,Not Recommended,460930,30457489,Posted: 11 March,all,JunkFriend2,"Now, I've tried to get this game to work with two of my friends, and we can NOT get it to work. At all. We've tried resettings our Router setting, as well as going as far, as to call our ISPs.But to no avail. Ubisoft is of course more inclined to make 5 dollar DLC hats than making their game playable for people who life >6 km away from eachother. I feel♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Never buying from France again."
,Recommended,460930,30644329,Posted: 20 March,all,Pachi,"This item has wolves on it which makes it intrinsically sweet and worth 5 stars by itself, but once I tried it on, that's when the magic happened. After checking to ensure that the shirt would properly cover my girth, I walked from my trailer to Wal-mart with the shirt on and was immediately approached by women. The women knew from the wolves on my shirt that I, like a wolf, am a mysterious loner who knows how to 'howl at the moon' from time to time (if you catch my drift!). The women that approached me wanted to know if I would be their boyfriend and/or give them money for something they called mehth. I told them no, because they didn't have enough teeth, and frankly a man with a wolf-shirt shouldn't settle for the first thing that comes to him.I arrived at Wal-mart, mounted my courtesy-scooter (walking is such a drag!) sitting side saddle so that my wolves would show. While I was browsing tube socks, I could hear aroused asthmatic breathing behind me. I turned around to see a slightly sweaty dream in sweatpants and flip-flops standing there. She told me she liked the wolves on my shirt, I told her I wanted to howl at her moon. She offered me a swig from her mountain dew, and I drove my scooter, with her shuffling along side out the door and into the rest of our lives. Thank you wolf shirt.Pros: Fits my girthy frame, has wolves on it, attracts womenCons: Only 3 wolves (could probably use a few more on the 'guns'), cannot see wolves when sitting with arms crossed, wolves would have been better if they glowed in the dark."
76561198152771484,Not Recommended,460930,32093396,Posted: 31 May,all,Morningstar,its my first time writeing a review but i thought i would write this before anyone else wastes money this game is good yes but the charecters are walking carrots and the game gets very old after a while with friends it adds maybe 20 more hours of gameplay the DLC is just trying to milk the game it is really sad and its basicly a copy paste of just cause 2 but with realism
,Recommended,460930,30437860,Posted: 10 March,all,ScubaSteve,yes
76561198268149725,Recommended,460930,30797355,Posted: 28 March,all,section429,"HOURS AND HOURS OF PLAY! This is game has the most vegetation that i have ever seen! had to put iot on the lowest setting jsut so I can halfway see in the jungle. I didnt expect to ge this addicted to it, freaking amazing. Reminds me of a newer more bad♥♥♥♥♥version of socom navy seals"
76561197989202864,Not Recommended,460930,30796438,Posted: 28 March,all,Woodyrascel,This would be the perfect game except for the connection and login issues that plauge it....that and the fact it has no jump so I end up getting stuck on a bump in the road......untill some of these issues get fixed it gets a thumbs down
76561198257973571,Recommended,460930,30426737,Posted: 10 March,all,Major Ivanovski,Goodbye Social LifeHello Darkness my old friend...
76561198070317201,Not Recommended,460930,33065046,Posted: 30 June,all,Knightmare,If you're looking for a good story go find another game.-Every mission is basically a reskin of the last-A bug will not let me log into Uplay and I can not play the game.+The actual gameplay I got before the bug was fun+Fun with friends+Can sometimes be funny.
76561198178469497,Not Recommended,460930,33491329,Posted: 12 July,all,psngt,"Used to WOrk great, now when I click to launch the game, the executable opens, then the service dies and will not start. Ubisoft hasn't even acknowledged this, so a fix is unlikely in the near future."
76561198070241514,Recommended,460930,31978088,Posted: 26 May,all,John,The game has great graphics and is a lot of fun to play.   The only drawback is that it is a little repetitive. 8/10
,Recommended,460930,31553752,Posted: 4 May,all,r3lease,Very gut game. 11/10 would play again.
76561198031013712,Recommended,460930,31756952,Posted: 14 May,all,TheZirCom,over 100 hours and still don't have enough!
,Recommended,460930,31867238,Posted: 20 May,all,MSGT-KILLEM_ALL,this game is what the division should have been. its realistic its not some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mmo sponge shooter if they just completely remade division to be like this i would go back to it. the hardest difficulty setting is the best way too play if not your just going to do every mission with a machine gun and grenade launcher and obliterate everything in a few minutes.  firefights on normal are way too easy also. so hardest difficulty with four good friends and your going to have a good time. the narco dlc is a little childish but still fun
,Not Recommended,460930,34675886,Posted: 1 September,all,FalcoFury,"I don't know why or how but I've tried everything I can possibly do in terms of troubleshooting to get the game to connect me to my friends, but it just doesn't work. It worked a couple times after trying for a few hours but guess what, it only has to work for a couple hours till they get to keep their money.Constantly saying I'm offline, even Ubisofts other games like The Division work perfectly fine and I easily connect, but for some reason it's just this game. A quick google search brings up endless results on forums about the exact same Tarija-00100 issue from 6 months (right around release) and it's still obviously an issue despite the constant posts flaming Ubisoft about it.I have the best internet connection, NAT OPEN, over 100Mb/s, Firewall is off, port fowarding is already delt with, there's nothing I can do. Just a waste of $60 to not be able to play even within an hour of opening the game. Sure I can play solo, but I got it to play with my friends who already had it. They seem to have no problems but for some reason I have this problem, but I know it's not on my end.Let's not forget about the actual game, within the few hours I played at the time of writing this review, this is how my experience is thus far: It took a while to connect, but it worked randomly for no apparent reason, the graphics are great, and the gunplay is fun except the bullet drop on the guns are very bad, even on most snipers it's ridiculous.I was walking down a hill and got stuck between some rocks, I was absolutely stuck with no way to climb out, it's just a clunky game overall, my friend had to throw a grenade to kill me, and even reviving me left me stuck, I had to be team killed again and had to wait for it to drop me off by a teammate. Fast travel you say? My friends who had been playing for a couple days already had no idea it even existed.This game is highly unpolished, clunky, and it serves no other purpose than being eye candy when it actually works. The stealth is fun until the rebels come in and ruin everything. The 2 hour limit before being able to return a game is BS because it's pretty obvious that devs are making games that take 2 hours to even get through all the cutscenes and character creation BS. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Recommended,460930,31999310,Posted: 27 May,all,Ravetrooper,It's fun. Customization could have been better with clothing and especially customization with your buddies in the game. Driving is horrible and some missions are repetitive. But over all a 8/10 game. Would recommend. Especially if you enjoy slinging guns.
,Recommended,460930,31871735,Posted: 20 May,all,DitroX,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands | What a game!I bought the game the first day it came out, played now and then and sometimes several hours straight and I have had a super great time playing this game!I wanted to try this game alone and on the hardest difficulty (Extreme), I got a real challange all the way through but especially at the end, one hit and you are dead.The game is made to play 4 players co-op but I recommend to try it alone, well your not alone you have your NPCs :). I'm, in this case, looking forward to continue in Bolivia for more with a 4 players perspective.+Great graphics!+Open world!+You can choose your own playstyle, (choose what you want to do), there is no right or wrong way to play it!+Variety of weapons, parts, camouflage etc. I recommend the TAR-21 and the MSR!+Rebel Ops, you can call in vehicles, mortars, guns for hire and more!+Great story!-Some repetitive missions, but meh its fun anyway!I haven't played the DLC's yet and I will probably not play them at this time. I have heard that Narco Road is a joke, but as I said I haven't tried it myself.This game is best played on the Extreme difficulty.Applause!!10/10"
76561198302134076,Recommended,460930,31550884,Posted: 4 May,all,aPeachyMango,"this game is amazing, although i get 34 fps on a good pc but other than  that its awesome,if u like to sneak around and kill silently this game is for you"
76561198096932505,Recommended,460930,32006718,Posted: 27 May,all,Queen Luna of Canterlot,"The game itself is quite entertaining to play with friends, but will get boring eventually.An improved version of The Division generally, additionally, the third version, which is The Division Sniper Edtion is coming.But still quite buggy like all other ubisoft games, and some how we still love ubisoft games.An intolerable bug is sudden frame dropping, reasons and triggerring are unknown. an effective solution is to reboot the game.I wouldn't expect that after tetrisThe gorgeous graphic could be complimented, ubisoft did very well in visual since Assassino's Credo Unity, which later received a downgrade after been released.Charater creation is rubbish. a supeculation could be asumed that an ancient tachnology from Brotherhood is still being utilising like the instead pistol reloading, pls let it be forgotten.Suppressors are highly violating physics laws. I could write a short essay based on this aspect. Fix it plzIs Alex from Payday serious charging the vehicle dropping in this game? the precision is impeccable.To conclude, praise the almighy lord Gaben, god of offering, praise the unmovable lord Tachanka, god of defence."
,Recommended,460930,30405464,Posted: 9 March,all,Bush_Wookie,"Firstly, this is a great tactical shooter, especially if played on the hardest difficulty with most HUD elements turned off. The map is vast, however, some proviences do have a lot of dead ground which makes the map larger, but with nothing to explore. So far I'm really enjoying exploring the different terrains within the game.I've had no performance issues at all with the game and running a 1070 Founders edition with a AMD 6300 (3.50Ghz) processor and 8Gb of RAM and using WIndows 10 (64bit). I've been getting a stable frame rate at over 60fps minimum with no loading isssues or graphical anomolies.Gameplay wise, it's best to have friends to play with as the AI can be a bit frustrating at times and really adds to the immersion of the game as well as adding all the bonuses with playing a tactical shooter of this type. The worst thing in this game is the Vehicle handling and damage modeling which does really let the gameplay experience down being an open world game. The helicopter controls are just awkward and should have followed in a manner like Grand Theft Auto V's control set up or mouse aim like Battlefield 4. Vehicle damage for cars are far to extreme, a tap to the bumper will crumble the entire portion of the car.However, other than the above mentioned, I really have no quarrel with the game. I think this is well worth the money for the base content, and I can highly recommend this game if your looking for a hard challenge and a great tactical experience with friends."
,Recommended,460930,30941809,Posted: 4 April,all,nerdguy135,Gameplay is stunning
,Recommended,460930,32179704,Posted: 4 June,all,monsterseventeen,"Absolutely fantastic, with beautiful graphics and a huge diverse game map.Lose yourself on the main game with adventure and tactics, play as a CIA agent whos job it is to stop over ambitious cocaine and people trafficking cartel leaders aquiring more power than the government.Choose to play alone where the game suports you with an AI team under your command to make your own tactics, or play online co-op with 1-3 other players and form roles of your own.The first DLC called ""Narco Road"" lets you stray from adventure to become a stunt man with extreme vehicles, each of which has challenges and missions attached, linking in parts to the main stories.There is no AI support on Narco Road, but you can still team up online.Narco Road is a restbite from the hard work it must be to be a CIA agent, lots of fun.The second DLC called ""Fallen Ghosts"" is kind of a continuation of the main story, with new factions trying to take power after you defeat the factions in the main game.These new factions pose more of a threat to the citizens if left unhintered and are also more of a challenge to defeat, but with new equipment at your disposal and a lot of patience and planning you can feel like the elitest of agents."
76561198331960758,Recommended,460930,30675951,Posted: 22 March,all,Huzmon,"A really well made game by Ubisoft, huge map great grapichs a good story. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,460930,30694713,Posted: 23 March,all,Raging Magikarp (no sound),Save yourself the time and money. It’s an incomplete game that makes you buy the dlc so you can even finish the original campaign that was available in beta. The ending you get if you just get the game without is extremely unsatisfying. They tried to do too much and it failed. I will say your bot Ai is wonderful but it doesn’t make up for the games lackluster grind to the finish.
76561198353290115,Recommended,460930,30404297,Posted: 8 March,all,Aioros504,"i loved grand theft auto but with every single one of them it turns out a little bit repetitive, this game on the other hand provides you with tons of fun every aspect of the game has been taken care of i bought the golden edition hoping this game will return me hour of fun and maaaan gotta say i'm in love with this game in every aspect graphics, customization, equipment, guns well everything in this game is awesome at last ubisoft delivered us a well planned and executed game congratulation to the developers nice game awesome game!!!!!!!!"
76561198027230869,Recommended,460930,33199287,Posted: 3 July,all,BattlePhenom,This game is quite enjoyable with a teammate.
,Recommended,460930,33762999,Posted: 24 July,all,Hairy Toe,7/10 not much to do after the story
76561198013089414,Not Recommended,460930,33166002,Posted: 2 July,all,Baconator,"I will be requesting a refund for this game. I have a significant amount of time logged but unfortunately a large portion of that is me trying to find a fix for an extraordinarily frustrating issue after the most recent patch (Update 5) where no progress is saved.I've done all the recommended fixes and workarounds including all the usual Steam options, cache verification, re-installing (the game, Uplay etc.), checking Steam discussions and Ubi boards for similar issues and trying those fixes like NAT problems, anti-virus and firewall issues (disabled everything on one occasion), trying to pull saves from Ubi's cloud and screwing around with Uplay settings, using different save files, restarting completely... And on and on.I'll play relatively busted games without complaint --virtually anything Bethesda, for example-- and to completion but if I can't save the damn game...Sad thing is, despite the imperfections, of which there are many, I enjoyed the time I spent prior to this BS. Pretty moderate single player experience but playing with friends is a blast and is always the best way to enjoy Clancy games however not being able to progress and the Ubi policy of ""We know it's an issue but we're busy swimming in our money vault"" being what it is... I'm done.Meh.**Edit:Tl:dr -- For the love of Buddy Christ, STAY THE ♥♥♥♥ away from big devs and their cash grabs on popular IPs. And for that matter, any devs and their Early Access shenanigans.Just like me (fml) you already knew that though, right? Demand better, citizen --No surprise but the refund was denied. Game was on sale and I had an abnormal amount of hours into it trying to just get it to work right so I'm not upset or anything at least not with that aspect of the proceedings. It's like voting. Maybe individually it doesn't mean♥♥♥♥♥♥but if a sizeable group of us stiffs create enough ruckus through clamoring for refunds and getting the word out and even better not buying the damn games to begin with, we'll see some ♥♥♥♥ing change. Maybe.I really do ache for even a B-/C+ Tom Clancy game. I played the hell out of the GR and R6 series (through Vegas II) and tried getting into Siege but the lack of campaign and other features and micro transaction nature just turned me away.As big a fan as I am of Tom Clancy games and the universe I'm pretty much checked out of ever buying another Ubi product, just look at all the other IPs they have and are running into the ground. Electronic Arts et. al. do not get a pass either.The lesson is don't reward loathsome business practices by big Devs and Publishers by letting them lure you with good ideas and beloved IPs but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ execution.Also, a PSA tangentially related, stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from Early Access unless you're fully prepared to eat that money as a sunk cost. EA is a terrible thing virtually all of the time so unless you love perpetual betas, obstinate devs and mods, toxic communities, missing features, broken gameplay, paying to be a tester, vapor/shovelware and♥♥♥♥♥♥shows in general, STAY AWAY, follow the game, put it on your wishlist, listen to developer podcasts, watch twitch videos just don't put your own cash down for the experience. You WILL get irate at some point otherwise, guaranteed.Cheers, people. **"
76561198045382256,Recommended,460930,31626684,Posted: 8 May,all,Bob1004,"It is a Ubisoft sandbox game. At this point it is really its own genre. Strongholds and driving between strongholds. Essentially a third-person Far Cry 3 without a charismatic villain. I myself don't have sandbox fatigue, so it wasn't too distracting, but it does not bring anything substantially new to the table.The story is ok. The key targets usually have a few minutes of backstory, most of it is somewhat interesting. The narration and voice work is ok. It is interesting that the game has a replay mission function because none of the actual missions are memorable enough to warrant it and could just as easily be recreated by going to a random (or the same) stronghold and clearing it out again.Gameplay did not change much from Advanced Warfare: drone > identify enemy > mark 3 of them for team > take them out. Rinse and repeat until (a) the base is empty (b) you mess up somewhere and forced to either hide or switch to an LMG and just get it over with.I don't regret my purchase. It was a distraction between here and the grave. But beyond a steady line of enemies to shoot, the game does not deliver much beyond the sandbox staples of endless collect-a-tons and a myriad of inconsequential side objectives.  Having an exploding drone really speeds up the 'destroy 3 crates of whatever' missions.The open world nature of the game makes progression problematic. I found an assault rifle and a sniper rifle I liked in the first couple of provinces, and then none of the weapons offered anything better for the rest of the game. Similarly, the character upgrade system is pretty uninspired. 'Now you can carry 2 more grenades' and don't need to use the weapon caches lying around literally everywhere.Overall: Moderately fun distraction, but does not leave a memorable impact."
,Not Recommended,460930,32776555,Posted: 25 June,all,Bryan,If this game was actually finished I'm sure it would be pretty great. It seems like this game was rushed to release. The multiplayer is very buggy (things being out of sync all the time) and the game itself is very buggy. I played the beta and it seems most of the bugs in the beta are still in the game.I'd honestly have to say don't get it unless it's on sale for $20 and you have friends to play it with.The only thing fun about it is going into bases and killing people. Nothing about this game is worth $60.
,Recommended,460930,32952775,Posted: 28 June,all,Punda,Great game. Recommend highly.
76561198050778736,Not Recommended,460930,32957886,Posted: 28 June,all,Plebeian Jay,"At first game launched, but ran at 20 fps when focused. Now that I tried to fix that, it won't launch at all. There was also an update between the 20fps issue and the not launching issue. That could be part of the problem.In any case. This game gets a ♥♥♥♥ing 0/10 until Ubisoft gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together to allow the game to run. (i.e. never)Edit: Alright, so I figured out how to fix the issue. I had to completely uninstall and reinstall my Nvidia drivers. So now I can play the game.Even though the issue was fixed, there are plenty of bugs and issues in game. On top of these, the game is very repetative. I enjoy the game, but only with a friend. Even though I chose 'No' for whether or not I recommend the game, I would recommend it if you have some friends to play with.All in all, I'd give it a 5/7 with friends, and a 3/7 without. Buy at your own risk."
76561198123301220,Recommended,460930,32960263,Posted: 28 June,all,James Carlson,"At first I was really skeptical about this game, Ubisoft is not the most reliable when it comes to bug fixes. However, after playing about seven hours with friends, I have finally been able to conclude that in my opinion this is one of the best games I have played recently.  It gives you a good feeling while playing, very smooth, interactive, and great to play with friends!  I have yet to find myself getting bored while playing.  Firefights in this game can get intense, however at times the AI feel a little to easy.  Sniping in this game is very satisfying. Overall I think this is a very good purchase, and if you are looking into it for yourself I would highly reccommend it!Overall game rating 8/10."
,Not Recommended,460930,32961968,Posted: 28 June,all,Caribaah,"If you like bugs then its for you because there is a f-ton of them. Game is baddly optimised and has stupid glitchy places like rocks where you get stuck and nothing helps (even blowing youself up).Story was okay but not worth of second playthrough. Ending is glitched (which i discovered just now when i completed the game) and sucks in my opinion. It gets repetitive quite fast: new mission -> raid a base -> new mission -> raid another base and so on. Basically it's a raid simulator. The ending put me off from touching this game ever again.AI teammates are pretty much usless, no point counting on your rebel ""allies"" either because they suck even harder. Trying to do mission stealthy is impossible with rebels around because they are trigger-happy lunatics. The sync-shot was a cool feature and only positive thing related the AI teammates (and it was the only thing they were useful for like... ever). If you don't give them a order through sync-shot then they are just going to follow you around doing nothing. Litteraly nothing. On a VERY RARE occasion they spot an enemy or two (the one that you see yourself mostly)Vehicle handling is crap and vehicles are soft as hell - hit a rock at low speed and your car is already a smoking piece of wreckage.Not worth the 60€  I spent on it..."
,Recommended,460930,31299518,Posted: 22 April,all,suilxrd (broken pc),What The Division should've been like.
,Recommended,460930,31579109,Posted: 6 May,all,Hogger,This game is really fun to play alone if you have alot of free time and don't got friends but love exploring and open world games this one is for you.The game can be boring on the first Buchon but after that it's just hype after hype.If you have friends the game turns alot fun by messing with eachother and missions will work really good.The gameplay of this game is absolute stunning i love how you got to get intel on the part of the map that you are facing a buchon to gather intel on weapon caches or weapon parts for your future.I do recommend this game but be aware if you have a weak pc this game will work slowly and you won't have much fun has you would with 60 fps or more.After you defeat a certain number of buchons of one of the 4 main thingsInfluenceSecurityProductionSmugglingAfter you defeat some of the buchons you unlock the underboss which is the clossest to the Head of one of the main things that will be so mad that either they will kill you or you will capture them
76561198012265890,Recommended,460930,30646131,Posted: 20 March,all,evilapplepie,"Like The Division, but good :-)"
,Recommended,460930,30889278,Posted: 1 April,all,_reigN,"hours of gameplay, If you liked GTA5 you will enjoy."
,Recommended,460930,30911480,Posted: 2 April,all,BigMoist,Is anyone able to advise me to fix a problem I'm having? i keep recieiving a message stating that the files for this game is locked. Tried redownloading and clearing caches with no progress.
76561198196838673,Recommended,460930,30947583,Posted: 4 April,all,Pablo The Giant Penis,To good
,Recommended,460930,31095030,Posted: 12 April,all,Lord Snake (TittieMcFuckFace),got killed by my friend's drone... 10/10 would buy again
76561198054967215,Recommended,460930,30421378,Posted: 9 March,all,[CGO] LonelyLunchbox,Fun game very surprised by it because i didnt think itd be good. If you can stand a few bugs and want a game like farcry and gta mixed get this. 8.5/10
,Recommended,460930,33357221,Posted: 7 July,all,Phatcat,"Did you always want to visit a 3rd world country and force your jingoist ways on them? Now you can, with a thinly veiled excuse of ""the war on drugs"".The plot line rings of a 1990s Clancy Novel. Characters make comments about the situation but just either leave it as a ""history will decide"" or try their best to compartmentalize why their actions are okay.But that's all fluff, how is the game? Its a great fairly mindless Ubisoft Open World game. There is a map, it's filled with dots, you click a dot, exposition happens, and objectives are given. You use your meager toys to finish that mission to either earn or find more toys to make later missions easier/interesting. If you enjoy games like Farcry 3 and 4, then you should give this a try. It has that same gameplay loop you are familiar with. The only change is that it mixes some of the ""stealth"" ideas that were in games like Assasins Creed Syndicate. Most missions start with the opponent not knowing you are present and if you get caught (or go guns blazing), you and your AI buddies will ""go loud"".Multiplayer is fun ONLY with friends. And even that will require a minimum of two extra people. When you enter a Multiplayer game, you lose your AI guys which will save you from one ""game over"". in multiplayer they are gone, and you have to rely on a friend to help you up. with only one other friend, it's usually impossible for them to help you without getting themselves killed.Overall a great game, if you see it on sale, pick it up."
76561198269513666,Recommended,460930,30468754,Posted: 12 March,all,Marwen,"I will keep this short,if you liked MGS V you will love this game as well. Though the story is not so intriguing as it was on MGS V but over all the mechanics and the approach they are trying to achieve in this game is similar to MGS with the only difference that you can do it with 1-3 of your buddies,which gives this game more depth and makes it interesting. When played solo it becomes monotonous and boring very fast,hence you have to try to find 1-2 people either online or from your friends to play this game with. You will soon see that it becomes fun and interesting. Also,at some point they will impliment pvp as well,so there are things to look forward to. Over all this game might not give you the wow factor but its sure as hell fun to play. Recommended to all tactical gun nuts."
76561198130658078,Recommended,460930,34202075,Posted: 12 August,all,xXxSpooderxXx,it's alright
,Not Recommended,460930,32904241,Posted: 27 June,all,Hero-F15,not worth 60$ at all
76561198055566946,Not Recommended,460930,33497679,Posted: 13 July,all,"Azrael, the Dude of Dudes","If you play with someone else, it's fun.If you play it alone with AI, you'll end up slitting your throat."
,Recommended,460930,30381971,Posted: 7 March,all,BATMAN!,"Right off the bat, I havent had this much fun in a game for a while (probably sinse the Witcher 3)The game looks beautiful and run smooth as a baby bum. The animations are extremely well executed and thoughtout there are the best prone animations and running up/ down hills animations I've ever seen.The sound design is unbelievable! This game not only has phenomenal sounding effects that are clear and crisp (they did sent a sound team to Bolivia to record the effects so it's expected)  but sounds will also echo and bounce off surfaces. The sound of bullets, voices, helicopters etc, will actually bounce and reflect off rocks,  walls, cliffs and anything else that you'd think would reflect sound.Now... the map is fantastic! I was worried that there would be loads of open empty areas with lots of boring in them due to how damn big it all is! How ever they manage to make all areas of the map feel important. Furthermore, you really get the sense that you are behind enemy lines, I find myself constantly trying to hide and take the road less taken as almost all villages are occupied by the cartel and or military. All gameplay mechanics are satisfying and fun, only complaint I have is that the cars could be re worked to be a little more like gta5 and the helicopters controls are a bit of a mess.I'm around 10hrs in and I've only taken down one tiny grunt of the cartel! I really feel myself planning where I'm going next and what will destabilise the cartel most.while not a crazy dramatic story, I find myself thinking ""How the ♥♥♥♥ do I take it down!?! How is there is so much to do!""Honestly, it's a little overwhelming at times.While there is so much I haven't talked about, like the gun customisation and the really cool levelling up and skill system, I'll leave it there as this is getting too long and I just want to go back to playing it again. :PSolid 8.5 out of 10!Ps: Buy the standard eddition, Deluxe isn't worth it (I'd know) and always wait for expansions! Hopefully"
76561198022820668,Recommended,460930,30389457,Posted: 8 March,all,haggalais,18 hours 1 bug and a crash at 18 hours so no big but the bug was nothing just one wall in a villa that made the game go insane in the ohh damn and you laugh it off cause iit was repeatable but only in that one spot di dthis ever happen been to 5 or 6 provences now not finished just wanted guns and scope. but yea good work ubisoft 8/10 would one tap a heli rotor block again .ps please stop with the no civ casuatlys in your games it makes it less epic when your in a hot car chase and your told you killed a civ to many times when the car your chaseing plaws thhrough a town like a fing train and all the people die in firey explosions abd i get kicked back to a rebel base thats dumb but yea good stuff
,Recommended,460930,30377741,Posted: 7 March,all,RumpleForeskin,"PROSRuns very smothly for my PC on High-Very High.(i5-6600 GTX 970)Very intersting story, lots Bosses with underbosses WITH underbosses (lotta bad guys to kill)Very open ""do what you want, how you want"" approach, Go in loud or stealthy and vertiually any point of entry possible.Lots of backstory you can find while going through the map (documents and etc. scattered eveywhere)Massive variety of guns and attachments.Side Missions EVERYWHERECONSSome bugs like random cars on the street sometimes. I saw 1 car slip through a bridge once.Game freezes for 5 seconds maybe hourly for meOverall the bugs I've seen don't bother, game is greatP.S.Oh and if you are too lazy to explore and find equpiments etc. than you can buy eveything from the in game store, kinda like Battlefield has those Class shortcuts. There are exclusive weapons that you can only get from buying but they are nothing special, you can also buy costumes and clothing and camos stuff like that cosemtic♥♥♥♥♥♥ lot like Rainbow 6 Siege."
76561198043341279,Recommended,460930,30382252,Posted: 7 March,all,GHOST MAKER,"Pros:-Good Gameplay-Good Story if you care for that-Dozen Of Weapons-Choose Your Own Way To Complete Mission-Better Play With Friends-Great Graphics-AI is better then in BETA (still needs work)Cons:-Still a few Glitches And Bug-Bad Driving Mechanism (kinda each vehicle is different and handles different)-Dumb Enemy AIStill needs some finishing touches.Final verdict 8.5/10 great game, amazing landscape and will be hours of fun for friends and me.Addon- I do not mind the pay money for gear it is nice to be lazy if you want."
,Recommended,460930,30384040,Posted: 7 March,all,ThatOne,Liking the Game a lot so far has all Ghost Recon values and improves from Future Solider and i get 70 fps
,Recommended,460930,30381459,Posted: 7 March,all,PlagueofDogs,Games like this are the reason why I spent a lot of money on my set up.
,Recommended,460930,30387881,Posted: 8 March,all,xBio,"A NoteEvery person here who complains that Ghost Recon Wildlands will not work for them when they have a computer than can run it, have a few different issues.The first, and most obvious one is that they do not meet the minimum specs, this should be noted by every pc gamer who buys ""Triple A"" titles, read the specs.The Second, and mostly overlooked is, I meet the minimum specs of the game, and barely pull 50 fps. This should be obvious, but for those who are not tech savvy, owning minimum specs for a game doesnt automatically give you 60 fps glory, most minimum specs will get you 35-40 fps, which is still playable, just not optimal, a big difference in words.The third and final reason is because they do not know how to optimize settings to their advantage. Game can mostly be split into two catagories, cpu and gpu based. CPU based games require alot more processing power, and most games are CPU Based. This means the CPU Requirements should be higher than minimal specs for a game, while your gpu can be a few generations behind. Thisdoes notmean bottlenecking will not occur, and in most cases having a graphics card with 4 generations behind a cpu, will most likely grant 30 fps at most. Make sure your GPU, and CPU are above the minimal specs to achieve a solid 60, 120, or 144 frame rate.GameplayThe Gameplay for this game is far beyond expectations, and effectively combines multiple features from other games and expands upon the ideas. This is a way better version than the division, and does require ubisofts client, uplay. You will be traveling a huge open world map, which can be explored first, or by doing story missions, effectively the choice is up to you. You can tell stealth is prefered in this game over being loud and going in guns blazing, coordination is almost always a must. The AI you fight against, Santa Blanca Cartel, and La Unidad, can take alot of gun power if you do not land a headshot, and if not careful will run you out of ammo quick. Both can call in reinforcements, and only La Unidad has access to a notoriety level, which also if not careful will leave you dead or out of ammo yet again. The friendly AI, Kataris 26, and your covert team will do missions together, fighting the Cartel and Government. Throughout the Cartel, and Government outposts you can free rebels to help you fight if spotted. You can also tag supplies for the Rebel Forces to pick up, which will help you unlock perks in the game. Intel caches, and Cartel/Government Forces can be interrogated to recieve locations of weapon/part unlocks, rebel perks, skill points, and other things.Driving, and other ComplaintsThe driving is realistic, and can take time to learn, so if you like to jump in and explore right off the bat without any learning about the vehicles this probably isnt the game for you. Most vehicles are designed for the road in the game, offroading is always a risk, and most always ends up in you ditching your car. I personally am not a big fan of the driving, but I am certianly not annoyed to the point of calling the game bad. This game has a fast travel feature, and can fast travel to any known location. The gameplay being repetitive consists of you doing 5 or 6 story missions in an area, killing a big cartel member and moving on, the micro details areNOTrepetitive at all. Most story missions are unique, and some have the option to go in loud without any issues.RatingsThe gameplay at its core earns a 3/5Story line so far earns a 3/5The level design by far is the best thing, and earns a 5/5The Micro mechanics earns a 4/5Overall score 4.3/5 This game is highly recommended by me, and is one of my favorite games released so far in 2017"
76561198050320178,Not Recommended,460930,31574644,Posted: 6 May,all,Slade,"What a piece of crap! Gameplay is boring and repetitive, every time I loggon I have to go through my attachments in my inventory again because it says they are new, and everytime you call for a vehicle from the rebels who knows where the crap it will spawn. It's more convenient to steal one every single time. There has been one single time that I have called for a vehicle and it was delivered to me. Usually it is off somewhere and you have to go on a wlid goose chase just to be able to get a glimps of it let alone get to it. How is it that the beta was ten times better than the finished game. It's like windows and their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ opperating systems... getting worse and worse and worse.After continued play the game has become increasingly glitchy and has become incredibly annoying. I don't understand how it can be getting worse and worse... and worse. P.O.S."
,Recommended,460930,30376055,Posted: 7 March,all,Lt. Shotgunson,"Having a blast so far.+ Big FarCry-like world to explore+ Delightful graphics+ Teamwork pays off+ Stealth mattersSeems to be a great co-op game. Indeed, cocaine is fun in many ways."
76561198050306963,Recommended,460930,30466870,Posted: 12 March,all,CNPLUS,Good game! fun satisfying gameplay.
76561198088550816,Recommended,460930,30520485,Posted: 14 March,all,qwafada,good game
,Recommended,460930,30502425,Posted: 13 March,all,Lord Nightwind,"Enjoyable to the extreme even on all lowest settings with an i7 2300 and GTX 650Ti.If you can, got full max and bask in the glory that is open world 60 FPS 4K do it all world. Add the season pass and a group of friends to make this something to be strived for as you compete for scores and achivements together, versus or challenge the global highscores set by all.P.S. There will always be bugs and issues in all games as they start up and even more so for games like this that are the first of its kind in what it can achieve. See past them and enjoy. they are minor and usualy fast travel or respawn get them off. Updates will come and then this will be the game to own.Be the first and be the best!ORBe the Ghost you are meant to be and none will see you coming until it will be too late."
76561198084148469,Recommended,460930,30535054,Posted: 15 March,all,zedith,"Pros:- tons of missions, tons of collectables.- massive and great looking map with a varity of enviroments- lots of customization for weapons- a focus on stealth and very short time to kill, but very few stealth only missions- good cut scenes with good mission dialog- the AI team mates are as compent as real ones, if not often better.- reoccuring side missions, all missions are easily replayable.Cons:- the dlc's are mostly worthless, you can unlock all the guns in the game with more customization options than the special skin verions, you wont be able to get the custom vehicles easily when you want them, aside from the       clothing, skip them.- character customization has lots of potential but not much filler- AntiAircraft system is bad, they respawn and some regions have you dodging missiles constantly while others have none.- dispite all the guns, very few actually get alot of use- steering is horrible on vehicles, throttles have one setting all the way and none, and road conditions+traffic are realistic leading to lots of hair pin turns at full throttle in mid day traffic.- the random voice dialog gets old after a few hours- the skill system is bullsh*t, includes lots of things that should have been inventory options or just not a thing at all. It will require you to do side missions at latter levels for resources the skills need in addition to skill points.Other:- game is a little buggy but very playable, usally reloading fixes problems."
76561198079401124,Recommended,460930,30536055,Posted: 15 March,all,ChodeLarone,Ithink this game is a lot more fun and a lot to do than sex
76561198295813147,Recommended,460930,31108636,Posted: 12 April,all,Symbolic | Saryn,"Runs like a charm, very well optimized and veryu fun to play"
,Recommended,460930,31108885,Posted: 12 April,all,no headset,"fun campaign with friendsedit:if the game gets stale, play with no hud"
76561198101740785,Recommended,460930,31143502,Posted: 14 April,all,LiL kRoNiiC,very happy
,Recommended,460930,32491527,Posted: 16 June,all,StreetCleaner,"I really enjoyed the gameplay, this is what I was hoping for with the Division. Not perfect by any means, but it's a really fun sandbox. It's best played with a group of friends. Skip Narco Road (1990's ""Extreeeeeme!"" BS), Fallen Ghosts is by far the best of the DLC and more challenging. The engine and world are beautifully rendered. Reminds me of the Just Cause games with better AI, team orientation, and co-op multiplay."
,Recommended,460930,31413580,Posted: 28 April,all,Shane,"Pros: A realistic and tactical shooter, especially on harder difficulties. Best graphics I've seen on a game (as of now), with dozens of hours of contentCons: Gets a little repetitive. Has a weak / broad storyline. The online multiplayer can interfere with singleplayer"
76561198087700647,Recommended,460930,31143081,Posted: 14 April,all,81stew,"Im enjoying this game a lot, no regrets at all. Hope Ubisoft piles on additional content for a long time."
76561197979134163,Not Recommended,460930,30677336,Posted: 22 March,all,Elbat,"A massive but repetative and shallow world. You've done everything in the first couple of hours. The AI is dumb as a brick and the difficultly levels feel very artificial. Vehicle physics just feels off, helicopters in particular have a wierd control scheme. There is only a few mission types and they all get old real quick."
76561198116101462,Not Recommended,460930,30622389,Posted: 19 March,all,Appplejack,"With much anticipation, I decided to not play the beta of this game, reserving some sort of surprise once the game came out. It turned out to be a huge mistake and I wish I could turn back the hand of time so I would forgo buying this game.Initially, this game looked very promising but I quickly came to a realization that this is game is a failure and doesn't live up to today's standards. Even the footage of this game during its development was a misrepresentation of this game.  UBI has done it again to bring a disappointment.I had such a fond memory of Ghost Recon franchise and that was the primary reason why I bought this.The most noticeable flaw in this game is the unacceptable A.I. system. For both enemy and friendly AI. I wouldn't have to write a detailed paragraph about how broken the A.I. system is in this game. Take a look at some videos on youtube mocking its absurd A.I. system and see it for yourselfl.The last Ghost Recon game I played and spent hundreds of hours on was Ghost Recon Phantom. It was a game with so much potential but mismanagement on the part of the developer brought this game to its closure few months ago. Nevertheless, it is worth mentioning that the game had such a fluid and engaging mechanic. So you would expect that the mechanic would be even better in the next installment of Ghost Recon, right?While it resembles the great mechanic of Ghost Recon Phantom, overall the interface on Ghost Recon Wildlands felt cluncky and awkward. And vehicles are such a disappointment to use and very unbalanced.The storyline is plausible but tasks are repetitives and lack cohesions among them. Even important tasks feel like side missions.There is just too much hype around this game and honestly I expect the rating on this game will go down if more people realize. UBI gotta stop their lies with their false advertising with their pre-release footage. Remember The Division?I know it's my fault but I want my money back. Too bad I already pass the ""2-hour-mark"" for refund on steam."
76561198139483287,Recommended,460930,32800235,Posted: 25 June,all,Crackingopenacoldonewiththeboys,"The AI on your sode for single player is ok, but if it is a mission where you can not be detected, they throw stealth out thw window and open fire ruining the mission. This game is best played with 3-4 people that can understand strategy. I tried this with a friend and most missions were hard and had to be done over simply because there were too many enemys to take care of. The graphics, well the graphics are pretty good if you have a computer that can handle it. Missions become repetitive after about 3-5 fully played sections because its the same thing over and over. Step one: scout out and find targets. Step 2: make an enterance by taking out a couple of people and being found out you are there. Step 3: either finish the mission or fail countless times and rage.I hope this review was helpful, I may have 50 hours, but I did rush through like 5 sections in a full 24 hours of playing non-stop. I recommended this game simply for the simple Heli/Plane/Car controls that are easy to learn, I also recommend this for the occasional picture esque moment on top of a high point or in a car."
,Recommended,460930,30491198,Posted: 13 March,all,SanginBast3rd,Not a fan of Ubisoft by any means. But this game really impressed me.
76561197984710055,Recommended,460930,30490884,Posted: 13 March,all,Snake_WH,"Initial thoughts:  AMAZING, deep equipment customization, massive-unlimited-varied landscape, immersive missions, Arcade-y vehicle driving, voice-over work is terrific and hasn't felt repetitive.I have only played Co-op, may try the single player later on but so far friends have been online playing anytime I've loaded up.  Am eager to see where things go in the future but just as it is this is a complete game in my mind and for the time I'll spend playing it's well worth the cost."
,Not Recommended,460930,34674741,Posted: 1 September,all,lbonasartor,"Would recommend, but now ubishit added some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t anti cheat software which is invasive. I can't recommend a game which forces you to install third party software like this one does. They could at least offer the option to not install and don't play the PvP which is also a piece of♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197991666568,Recommended,460930,33392893,Posted: 8 July,all,Catwalk-0,"This game feels like repeating the same thing, but also has strategic elements. I do not dislike this game. The newly added Tier mode is very enjoyable."
76561198169795461,Recommended,460930,30378505,Posted: 7 March,all,Tyrone Hays,"This game is awesome. If you have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pc and can't run it, stop posting negative reviews its your fault."
76561198061515477,Recommended,460930,30378316,Posted: 7 March,all,Giraffee,"If you're thinking about getting it, do it. I love the game, been playing since launch hour, and it's amazing. If you played the beta, game is smoother than the beta, driving is still garbage, but you get used to it after a while. The map is still so large and beautiful. I 110% advise people to purchase. Even though you have to deal with uPlay, it's worth it. Ubisoft made a game actually worth purchasing, A+!"
,Recommended,460930,30379179,Posted: 7 March,all,Crafted,"It crashed so many times that I don't have the count for it. I fixed it by turning off the ""superduper DOF"" thingy in the Graphics section that causes the FPS to drop (FPS is not accurate on ingame benchmark)Cinematic intro felt a bit dull and voice-acting wasn't really good.Once I started playing the world feels pretty darn big and amazing. It's wonderful to look at, but once you start exploring everything, most of it starts to feel similar. It feels emptier than I would like to admit and engaging enemies with or without the AI get's a bit ""similar"" on every new encounter.Take your time to make some good engaging plans, locate yourself nicely before combat and upgrade your gear to get the feel of a ""real"" Special-Ops engagement. I didn't and it felt tedious.I'm not saying the game is bad. It's probably better than I think.I'm just saying that you shouldn't hope for anything exeptional, because it ain't.AI can see you through bushes and sometimes walls. Friendly AI run around like morons in both line of fire and in front of enemies without being detected. Option on commanding AI is lacking due to the fact that you are Squad Leader.This game is BEST SUITED for multiplayer!"
,Recommended,460930,30379581,Posted: 7 March,all,On A QuieT VACation,The first Ubisoft game I preordered and not refunded because of positive reasons.
76561198118992151,Not Recommended,460930,32017588,Posted: 28 May,all,[DiE] manpoo,"A cash shop in a single player game, also way too overpriced and another example of Ubisofts increadable greed."
,Not Recommended,460930,35114483,Posted: 21 September,all,dumbanumb,Smae old thing over and over its a great looking game but annoyingly repetative also whats up with the Ghost wars beta not being available on steam?
76561198051752229,Recommended,460930,33227983,Posted: 4 July,all,gabrielleiggener,"Well two different experiences playing this game....Playing solo: it's no different or better than playing something like Far Cry. If you don't have any other open world shooter then you will enjoy it, if you have Far Cry 3 or 4, then you'll feel it's more of the same.Playing with friends: it's where the game shines, lots of fun, option on how to do stuff, and chances to do a little friendly trolling.Playing with randoms: don't, just don't....what is fun to do with friends it's a pain to do with randoms."
76561198006570154,Recommended,460930,30958608,Posted: 5 April,all,Calon,"Enemy grunts are a formidable foe regardless of difficulity, so you never feel like an immortal god obliterating the fodder. Weapons sound great, customization is amazing, and the varriety is terrific. Story is fun, and compelling. 54 hours for a story compeltion, unlocking all weapons, and a decent amount of skill point unlocks."
,Recommended,460930,30966924,Posted: 5 April,all,La Familia,Nice game but no more 40$
76561198050712099,Recommended,460930,30439694,Posted: 10 March,all,reginald.allouchery,"I feel that the critics have been unfair to this game.  Yes it doesn't leave a good first impression: the world, although gorgeous, seems the same all over, the AI seems bad and normal difficulty is a joke.  But put some time into it, ramp up the difficulty,  and you start noticing how diverse the world is, all the little details everywhere, how much fun it is to just drive/fly around and follow the gameplay loop.  This game is incredibly addictive and that is in solo mode!  Coop is even better.  Essentially this game is Ubisoft's version of Just Cause with better graphics and driving mechanics.  Enjoy."
76561198141467455,Not Recommended,460930,30782302,Posted: 27 March,all,SnoKingXBL,"At this current state, the game is not worth $60. Wait for it to go on sale.Pro:- Fun with co-op- Good looking environment, especially the rocks. Everything else is subpar.- Can change guns at any point- Sniping is pretty fun: Guns kill in one shot, headshots from any gun are instant kill.Neutral:- Stealth- New driving physics - It's odd- Can't jump - What?- Can't kill civilians- There's no RPG- Missions are TOO EASY - Final missions have little to no enemies, you can finish in less than 10 minutes. This is due to being able to be overpowered too early.- Lack of replayability: Once you pass everything, there's nothing left to do. (Can't kill civilians and there's no other missions)- Unlockable weapons have no attachments, meaning you get crappy stats and are pretty much useless except for their aesthetic.Cons:- Repetitive: After a while the missions are the same- Bugs/Gltches: Lot's of them, such as weapons not firing and items not working, and game crashing, etc.- Co-op allows spoilers, you can finish the game at an early state leading to spoilers.- Lack of customization for both female/male, less than 10 items.- Horrible FPS - 35-50 on RX 480 [Ultra, 1600x900 With some filters off] 45-55 on 1070 [Ultra]- Ubisoft - It's horrible, you have to sign in and make an account.- DLC despite a broken game"
76561198029253763,Recommended,460930,30391717,Posted: 8 March,all,Junry,So far Bolivia is a great place to stay with lots of nice people and a great view.
76561198072251841,Recommended,460930,30448182,Posted: 11 March,all,Clumsy Skeleton,"This is a really nice game with a big flaw. It's a very surprising thing to find that a AAA game in 2017 has such a huge problem with getting stuck in the terrain. It is understandable that games are going to have a few bugs on large projects like this one, but getting stuck between two rocks should not be one of them. Still I do recommend the game, it just needs a jump feature."
,Recommended,460930,30448726,Posted: 11 March,all,Mogar328,"The only bad thing about this game is the bugs, and when they happen they are annoying as f*ck."
76561197993113550,Recommended,460930,30503105,Posted: 13 March,all,Crafty,For a game that has no PVP the campaign was short only took 22 hours 28 mins to complete
76561198006854463,Not Recommended,460930,32618624,Posted: 21 June,all,Underhook,"I have been playing the game solo.  Its pretty easy and IMO would be boring for a group.  I have it on max difficulty with all the HUD assists turned off and its fun to play.  I also dont use dkill points to upgrade my character as it would make the character way OP even on max difficulty.  Other than that the game is fun.However, I am giving it a negative rating mainly due to the really bad Helicopter and plane controls (which they are apparently going to fix, one day).  Typical of something designed for a console controller and not properly implemented for PC.  If the game was $15 I'd let it go.  But if you charge AAA price then I expect a AAA product."
76561198072188396,Not Recommended,460930,31783066,Posted: 16 May,all,Sexy Noob Chu,"I feel so lonely,thank for idiot nat strict!"
76561197982600291,Recommended,460930,30396240,Posted: 8 March,all,kilexe,"Good game.. Whats up with the helicopter mechanics? It feels to controlled and overly complicated to fly. Aside from that it's good, enjoy the gameplay at night, able to use nightvision and what not. Decent stealth mechanics."
,Recommended,460930,31237732,Posted: 19 April,all,ManiakFnaf,"Literally, best game made by ubisoft! This game is just amazing, u can unlock weapons parachutes etc, its more fun with friends and this game also has really good graphics the most important thing is gameplay which is outstanding!"
,Recommended,460930,31264393,Posted: 20 April,all,Jacob_Applehoof,"The map is massive and diverse, it runs decent on crummy cards like the 750Ti and quite pretty on the 1060, and the mechanics and story are more than passable."
,Recommended,460930,34915617,Posted: 13 September,all,Aussie_Lucas,"My favourite game of all time, really enjoy the stealth aspect to this game!"
,Recommended,460930,30884031,Posted: 1 April,all,b 0 t t i n i,"LOVE IT    I Have bought 4 copies already....OMG hes so dumb for buying so many,  this game sux......No it dosnt and  . . . . . . I just bought another copiy to flex my money  . . . . .PS-it has major problems,  but i look passed them.FOR GRAW 1 n 2 ,  GRFS FANS , SPLINTER CELL ALIKE . . . . . .this is the game . . . ."
76561198178051970,Recommended,460930,33230427,Posted: 4 July,all,✪ magiker,Nice tactical open world coop shooter!Awesome graphic and a huge map.
,Not Recommended,460930,33283851,Posted: 5 July,all,Doombox,"-Artificial Difficulty-Copypasted content-Completely pointless faction who act as a random """"""fun"""""" element-Entirely boring rewards-Tier one mode was a mistake, a complete lack of worthwhile rewards whilst being forced into the higher difficulties which inflate the artificial difficulty to the point that the game becomes borderline unplayable-Vehicle controls and handling which would've been embarassing in the 90'sIf you like doing the same thing over and over again, then you'll love Wildlands.However if you value your sanity and enjoy games that feel like they were put together by people who actually cared, then look elsewhere.EDIT: I just finished 100% out of spite - Really, don't buy this game for any reason. It is truly awful."
,Recommended,460930,33091282,Posted: 1 July,all,Papa Echo™,"I ran away into a dense forest from two apache helicopters while having ""Run to the Hills"" by Iron Maiden blasting in the background at full volume.I kidnapped 4 Unidad soldiers, attached C4 to my car and dumped it into a Santa Blanca outpost.I took down an entire Unidad outpost with just a silenced Five-SeveN.I intercepted mutliple convoys which led to massive firefights.This game's ♥♥♥♥ing great.I get that this game can be highly repetitive. But after getting a bit creative and making up my own challenges, I started seriously enjoying it.P.S. This game is best played with the HUD off."
76561198139244149,Not Recommended,460930,33892046,Posted: 29 July,all,stuben844,"This game has so many technical flaws. I've been playing it since the beta. They have fixed some things, but even today I was playing and when i brought up my scope the game would freeze. Thats not something a high-level studio game should have going on in it so long after release. Hell, even at the release. Ubisoft doesn't properly vet games. They release them as quick as possible, and then bleed people for the complete game through useless dodads and DLC (which is utterly useless when your character doesn't carry over and uses the SAME MAP for christ sake). The game itself is fun whenever there aren't ridiculous failures. Only buy this game on sale."
76561198354847950,Recommended,460930,32026869,Posted: 28 May,all,Mikee702,Great game to play with friends!
,Not Recommended,460930,32245269,Posted: 7 June,all,FPS FTW,"Not a bad game, better than The Division, but with♥♥♥♥♥♥AMD optimization, it's pretty bad."
76561197971891629,Recommended,460930,34221801,Posted: 13 August,all,VCOxaero,"A lot of people take this game way too seriously.  It is grindy, but a good time can be had if you choose to challenge yourself or play with friends.  I think a lot of people put this on regular difficulty and are upset that it doesn't have a linear story line that is thrust into your face.  There is a certain pull about taking down an entire drug cartel by yourself.  Every small fire fight up to the killing of the bosses does in the end feel like progress somewhat.  I would say though if you are expecting sniper elite levels of bullet drop physics this game does tend to lean on a different model.  It does have complexity to it in it's game mechanics that aren't well explained that you do pick up on overtime that end up being end game surprises.  You need to like that in a game though if you want to buy this.   Get it on sale and play with friends if you even have a moments hesitation."
76561198381545724,Recommended,460930,31707849,Posted: 12 May,all,✪Sushi,Awesome
76561198138201446,Not Recommended,460930,33571812,Posted: 15 July,all,theriggs35,Wonderful environment looks great but thats about it for this game... after an hour of playing you will have seen all that it has to offer. The entire story line and game play overall is very repetitive and monotonous. IF Ubisoft opened this up to modders and it recieved a Project Nevada overhaul like New Vegas did then I would say this game would be worthy of 100+ hours. As it stands its just to repetitive to enjoy and after unlocking about half of the skills it becomes too easy.Over all 3/10 :(
,Recommended,460930,33712479,Posted: 21 July,all,Agent Deathbat,"Now where do I begin...Performance: Not the worst I've ever seen, but certainly could be improved. Was CPU limited the majority of the time, but at high settings I still averaged mid-50s which is better than in beta where I couldn't even get 60 at LOW. One blue-screen for no discernible reason, but otherwise no crashes.Gameplay: Driving is clunky but you get used to it (I'm used to worse driving mechanics so it's not too unbearable), gunplay is a bit arcadey but not terrible, and I can't tell if the reason I failed so many stealth missions is because I'm terrible at stealth (which, you're not wrong to assume, I've never even had an S rank in MGS V at all) or because the AI sucks. Missions are repetitive, but really what game isn't repetitive these days? I do give them props for implementing missions that fail if you're even spotted, even as annoying as they got at times (ESPECIALLY that ♥♥♥♥ing truck mission, god damn)Story: Not that thought provoking or deep, but I was still engaged for over 50 hours. It's not quite like Just Cause 3 where messing around with the derpy mechanics are so much more fun than the story, but considering both games center around dictators (Di Ravello vs El Sueno) and Ghost Recon *does* have a tad bit more depth as it has more to do with taking down a drug cartel piece by piece, I say it's about average.Co-op: The absolute best part of this game, even if it only consisted of about 10% of my time in this game.My recommendation is to get it on sale like I did, and I would probably trust the reviews ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over the DLC and not pick that up, unless somehow Ubisoft decides to make PVP a DLC only expansion (which, I'm not going to be too♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about, the only MP experience I actually enjoy enough to put a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of hours in these days is the new JC3MP mod and that's when it DOESN'T crash like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on crack) and you want to play multiplayer beyond co-op. Even then, if PVP is a DLC, that just proves again that Ubisoft are money ♥♥♥♥♥s. Metal Gear Solid V has MGO integrated into the game, just play that.RATING: 6/10"
,Recommended,460930,33757663,Posted: 23 July,all,ComradeJagrad,"Excellent game to play with a friend. It's basically Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain meets GTA against a backdrop of hilariously cheesy Spanish phrases, like ""Punchy Crab Ron"" and ""Tranquilo, gringo!""I can see how it would be boring if you play it single player or with the wrong people, but if you have a buddy or two who enjoys tactical sneak-fests, it's well worth the price tag. Sure, it's ""sneak into enemy base and either kill everyone, find intel, or capture a target"" over and over again, but as you progress through the game, the bases get harder and harder to infiltrate successfully, so it ends up being a kind of puzzle game.Lots of people in the reviews are whining about how updates have ruined this game. I can't really speak to that, since I bought it fairly recently, but the 2 updates I've been around for have improved the game nicely. The new helicopter controls, for example, are a million times better than the old ones were. I haven't experience any game breaking bugs yet, just the usual run-of-the-mill goofy crap. Worst thing I've had happen was an enemy base once spontaneously went from nothing to Hunted, then to Engaged for no apparent reason. My friend and I died, restarted it, and it worked fine after that."
76561198056662431,Recommended,460930,30379243,Posted: 7 March,all,eccooe,Good game:)The mechanics differ than previous GR games which make this GR a different animal all together.
,Recommended,460930,30379228,Posted: 7 March,all,MR.F,"This game is just amazing ! You can really have fun as a solo player, explore a huge open world and enjoy taking out the vicious Santa Blanca cartel, but I also have to agree that playing this game with friends makes it even more fun. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the weapon customization in this game is just *_* I have a great feeling about this game and its future. It just needs a few more AI fixes and I still haven't noticed any annoying bugs that wanna make me quit. It also needs a small performance update even though I don't have any problem with it currently (  I'm playing on my new PC, GTX 1070, i7-6700k and 32 GB RAM on very high settings on 1080p monitor 144 Hz and I get around 70-130 FPS, but on Ultra 40-60 FPS, which is not bad but I believe with a performance update I would be able to play easily on Ultra above 60 FPS  ). But in my opinion, Ubisoft didn't let us down when it comes to this game, there is no downgrade like what happened in The Division and I can recommend it to everyone, every cent was worth and it deserves support from me so that it can become even better in the future !PS. The only thing that sucks here is driving xD I hope they do something about that."
,Recommended,460930,35276106,Posted: 28 September,all,Kung Fu Kenny,The gauntlet was amazing and i found  the boss's weakness it was soooooo surprising!!!
76561198059273468,Not Recommended,460930,31653413,Posted: 9 May,all,EL ZORRO,Fun with a few friends but a nightmare without.
76561198334901243,Not Recommended,460930,31651070,Posted: 9 May,all,lucifer,The game ending is not good the game have lots of bug and the game crashes a lot waste of my time which i played for 64 hours another cr@p from ubisoft
76561198005946811,Not Recommended,460930,31653384,Posted: 9 May,all,RECON52,"♥♥♥♥ this game repetitive as♥♥♥♥♥♥after the 3rd area, and ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft for lying about pvp modes i ask for my money back if steam didnt have stupid♥♥♥♥♥rules about it."
,Recommended,460930,30814221,Posted: 29 March,all,Denegoth,"I accumulated 24hours within the first 72 hours of owning the game... highly addictive, you've been warned..."
,Recommended,460930,31248418,Posted: 19 April,all,i am moofin,"I put in 13 hours on my first day because I was sick.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is this a fun game.Detailed open world, many different kinds of weapons you can unlock by exploring that world, an actual decent storyline, the enemies' health and strength isn't based on level like in The Division, and none of the boss characters like the flame guys in The Division. The AI help to have even though they could be aggrivating sometimes, they make it playable as a singleplayer game.It's a bit laggy sometimes and I've seen a few glitches but other than that, Ubisoft made a good game. Good job Ubisoft, and I mean that unironically."
76561198116462455,Recommended,460930,30810850,Posted: 29 March,all,Sacri,one of the best tactical coop game ive played
,Recommended,460930,30372185,Posted: 7 March,all,afterliife.,"I played both the Closed and Open Beta and I really enjoyed the game.This game is really nice to play with friends, cover mechanics are great and the overall gameplay is on point, except the vehicle physics.I expected better physics especially for cars (I used keyboard and mouse and a controller aswell)Overall this game is very good and I enjoy playing it!"
76561197970407447,Recommended,460930,30432137,Posted: 10 March,all,defconXero,Simply awesome. Runs smooth as butter and looks fantastic as it does!Really really really love the Ansel feature. It's actually quite hard to even begin to finish missions because I keep wanting to pause to take Mega Screenshots!Friggin Insanely Amazing Game!!!Highly recommend this one.
76561198002308303,Recommended,460930,30810656,Posted: 29 March,all,.:LEGEND:. GreenArr0w,"This game is amazing. 10/10There is so much positive aspect about this game that this review will simply not be able to describe how much pleasure and fun this game will provide you. In the other hand if you are looking for a ghost recon experience or something similar to old rainbowsix game and splinter cell, this is a game that you will really enjoy with friends or alone.One aspect that for me is the best in the game in fact, two aspect that i really and deeply enjoy is the quality of the sound in game and the details but also the difficulty of the game.  I love difficult game, it make you use your mind and your skill and truly the I.A in this game is amazing. Its always super dynamic and there is always the need to use your tools and your skill in order to get the job done.Another very interresting aspect is that they have take the amazing gunsmith function of Ghost recon future solder and add it to the game. You can truly customize the gun the way you want as you would have done in future solder and you have the same liberty in term of defining your character as you have in old rainbowsix game.Truly this game is a huge success and i am sure you will love it if you have love rainbow, splinter cell, hitman or previous ghost recon. If you enjoy stealth and open world with great dialogue and huge liberty in term of approach this is really a game you should have in your library.10 / 10  Thank you ubisoft."
,Recommended,460930,30459712,Posted: 11 March,all,JC_NZ,"Wildlands offers you a fairly narrow band of tasks to repeat many, MANY times over a giant map. Find a task, scout the location, kill the enemies in your preferred style, move one.I love that loop (and the game does it very well), so I'm loving the game. If you were into Just Cause, or Far Cry, or even Grand Theft Auto? You'll probably be into this, and it's probably even better with friends.If you don't, you probably won't like the game. It's not third-person Rainbow Six: Siege, it's not sandbox The Division etc. It is theoretically possible to set the difficulty and approach the missions at something close to that level, but the AI is too predictable, and the maps too huge for this to be a long-term sustainable approach to beating the game."
,Recommended,460930,30474479,Posted: 12 March,all,Jueputa,Awesome game despite some flaws that aren't too gamebreaking
76561198316878847,Recommended,460930,32352953,Posted: 11 June,all,CHICKENBRO,i like it. great game
76561198009195653,Recommended,460930,31404078,Posted: 27 April,all,HardcoreParkourJesus,"Still in the process of playing through it. IN a game like this the experience is about immersion and relatability. Sure there are some bugs and there always will be; yes they can be very frustrating at times, but all of our favorite games have some sort of bugs. I would recommend it. Theres a good amount of content and customization present and an interesting story. Definintely something to be played over time and not in just one go thats for sure. It's something to play for a bit, go play something else, and then come back to.-Graphics are good I never have FPS issues (i7 quad / Gtx 970 blah blah blah)-Missions can get repetetive at times - Primary Target/Buchon Missions add some variety.-Plenty of Vehicles and Weapons-Beautiful Environments and Aesthetic Appeal-Freedom to execute missions as you see fitMy biggest complaint is the sync shots. I can setup a sync shot, my dudes will move to 'position'....behind a ♥♥♥♥in mountain....then take the shot and hit regardless.Overally not bad."
76561198322523282,Recommended,460930,30950627,Posted: 4 April,all,Clippy,one of the best games i have ever played and i have not even toched the campain yet SO EXCITEDanyhoo there is a slight bug or maybe it is ment in the game but explotions in the distence happen at random which is pretty funny
76561198152371527,Recommended,460930,30631889,Posted: 20 March,all,TheBoogerMan,"Oh yeah - beautiful, open world commando action!This game is what I've always wanted from Ghost Recon and more.Two Thumbs Up and 10/10."
76561198146459111,Not Recommended,460930,31247406,Posted: 19 April,all,Alpal1221,"As if Ubisoft just said to themselves, ""Let's just take far cry and make it third person."" And like Far Cry its just repetetive missions, no good story, nothing to make me keep wanting to play it."
76561198162463280,Recommended,460930,30405105,Posted: 9 March,all,squatcher,"Aweome game!!!! If you liked The Division, you will love this game!!!"
76561198094212789,Recommended,460930,30404764,Posted: 9 March,all,Dalbækk,"Great open world, lot's of♥♥♥♥♥♥to do with your buds to have fun. 10/10 would shove a guy in the trunk and drop him off a cliff again"
,Recommended,460930,32949252,Posted: 28 June,all,FaiN ♣,Just good because something
,Recommended,460930,32113727,Posted: 1 June,all,steeleybaws,"Surprisingly brilliant!Had a mixed feeling when buying this game but after just a couple hours I was in love.My favourite part of  game is always the storyline, I have found this to have a very well set out and structured story.The game has many hours of sneaky shooting missions and also rushing missions. I am addicted to this and will keep playing for a long time.Character customisation is brilliant, with infinite combinations of clothing and equipment, as well as camos and patches. This along with fully custom guns is what makes this game brilliant. Shooting mechanics feel smooth and are pretty realistic.Graphically this game is a masterpiece, personally I use a 6GB Gigabyte GTX1060 and i can run this game at high settings 1080p and keep at 60FPS no problems.The only downside to this game, in my opinion, is the driving. Driving in this game feels very sloppy and and quite unrealistic.Apart from that this game is truly amazing, addictive, and great funHighly recommended"
76561198015777545,Recommended,460930,30400019,Posted: 8 March,all,SUPOSTAT,Пока все нравится ! ))
,Recommended,460930,31607554,Posted: 7 May,all,Marzipan,给车子的越野性能点个赞23333皮卡也能翻山了xD
76561198042908976,Not Recommended,460930,30456324,Posted: 11 March,all,Gubin,"Pros:+Good world+Fun to play with people+Intresting world+Sadly thats all i can really list.Cons:-The AI ALWAYS will find your exact locatiion no matter how they ""discover"" you.   For example, I killed someone on the other end of a base, by the time I ran, 200 meters, to a new location, they discovered his body.  Hunted me down EXACTLY to my new spot.  Explodiing your drone FAR away, also somehow pin points your real exact location.  They rarely ever miss with the miniguns, whilst being almost entirely useless iin player hands.-very buggy-very repetitive-microtransactions-Single Player AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥when its on your side.-you have to wait the 60+ seconds to respawn.-Bullet drop is completely unrealistic.-""stealth"" is more or less a joke.there is much more good and bad, but those were the very first to come to mind."
76561198185788641,Not Recommended,460930,31552547,Posted: 4 May,all,-Oxymoron-,"I'm just warning you right now ubisoft is a piece of junk, expect to spend $60 for a game you can't even play because its so buggy. Literally just getting it to load is such a hassle and even when it does load the game play is just really buggy too, do not waste your money because chances are you won't even be able to play it"
76561198021471400,Recommended,460930,31677915,Posted: 10 May,all,ZESMA,"At first the game seems like a 10/10 but the longer you play it the more you realize how lazy it really is, all the NPC's look so generic, not to mention the cars in the game are horrible and drive horrible, the game has top notch gun play tho, and graphics i give about a 7/10 game is not optimized very well either, the character customization is definetly a 10/10 and gun customization is a 10/10, being a sniper is really fun, being sneaky works very well in this game. although i noticed that when you try to snipe long range, longer then about 600m the target disapears, which is kinda anoying when you want to pull off them awsome long range shots, voice acting for your squad members are sub-par, they act like immature kids, saying things you would only hear a 14 year old say. not sure why they made them like that but whatever. its a fun game definetly but if i could refund it and get my 60$ back and wait for it to go on sale i would. i give the game a total of 7/10"
,Recommended,460930,30437515,Posted: 10 March,all,Onothriller13,"its good game but i hope next time survival challenge must be implement, such you must eat food, for maintain you stamina, you can hunt Illamas, fishing, eating snake, event camp to sleep, for suit dress i hope not only accessories, but can usefull as skill...overall is addicted 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,33724404,Posted: 22 July,all,Agart Roby,I think this game is awsom
,Recommended,460930,30479377,Posted: 12 March,all,Saph/Gergen,good game
,Recommended,460930,30565039,Posted: 17 March,all,JumperMax,"I pre-ordered this game(deluxe version) and im glad i did XDUpside:-Great graphics, love how they done with the weather-Having fun with the stealth( don't just gun spraying to finish your mission, cos some missions needed you to stay        undetected and it is more fun this way)-Playing with friends is always enjoyable-This game truly gives us the freedom to finish a mission-Really love the way AI teammates communicate with each other, especially one of them is telling  a story-AI teammates are great if you play solo, they never miss a shot unless they loss the sight of the targetDownside:-YOU GETSCOLDEDBY AI TEAMMATES when you miss a shot XD-Well im still waiting for PVP huh....-Almost unlocked every skills and lvl30(max level) tbh i hope they make a higher max level-My bullets couldnt shoot through the grass....BULLETPROFF LEAVES AND GRASS(doesnt know if it is meant to be like this) XD-Always STUCK between the stones , lets just hope they fix that-Flight controls are erm....sh*tty?-Sometimes i couldnt deploy my drone even after the cooldown ends...please FIX THIS-It occurs to me sometimes when i was getting on a bike and the sound effect of the bike doesnt work-Too little stuff to unlock(maybe there's more to come? Poor replayablility)-Put subtitles? I cant speak Spanish....some of the coversation i heard doesnt show any subtitles....i wish i know what they're talking about XD"
76561198114272546,Recommended,460930,30571120,Posted: 17 March,all,KingSlayer,"I played this straight after work for 9 hours non stop. Some alone some with my friend.Highly fun and addictive game. I didn't wait a single day for it to come out, my friend told me to buy it and that's as farAs the hype went for me. But it's definitely worth the money. So much to do, an absolutely massive map, bigger than I've ever seen before. Highly recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,460930,32821531,Posted: 26 June,all,Dani,"In my opinion:+The experience in coop is the way to go and play+The graphics are nice+Gun customization is rich+Sniper, on a cliff, taking out the entire base without getting noticed...But...-Not tactical, least not as much as I wanted it-Your AI companions are dumb-The enemy AI is a bit... dubious? Sometimes obvious cheating about your position, sometimes dumb AF-Sound is a bit too basic-Not the best optimization-Gameplay is repetitive-Storyline is dodgy-Same car models everywhere, awkward handling, it's like we're in 2000's again-Same enemy/civilian models everywhere, it's like we're in 2000's again-An obvious inspiration from Far Cry/Metal Gear Solid/The Division-Over-all, feels like a 2010 game.Do I still recommend this game? Well, it's up to you in the end. But I would only say ""yes"" if you're going to play it with other friends in coop. As a singleplayer game, the answer is no."
,Recommended,460930,30420858,Posted: 9 March,all,Ballistic Angel,"Arma, GTA, Mercenaries, Far Cry & Just Cause.Graphics, Co-op, Customization & so much to explore.I am addicted!"
,Recommended,460930,30413842,Posted: 9 March,all,Malach ha-Mavet,what did you expect from 32.1 hrs play in 3 days? ^-^
,Recommended,460930,30405816,Posted: 9 March,all,Steelblade,A Solid Mexican murder simulator.
,Not Recommended,460930,34675297,Posted: 1 September,all,gubetron,"Missions are bland and skill points feel like a chore to collect. Outposts respawn too, so you don't feel like you make progress..."
,Recommended,460930,30842470,Posted: 30 March,all,stefaN,good game
76561198132911909,Recommended,460930,32670383,Posted: 23 June,all,.jpg,"Im going to catagorize this game into sections of what is most important elements in the game and then ill share my opinion.Guns-The guns in this game are fun. There are so many to choose from and so maney costumizations for the guns. There is a gun for every play style. You have quiet guns that do little damage and there are loud guns that do a lot of damage. It all depends on what you like to play. The problem starts when you get the best guns to early like i did. In this game there are clearly guns that that are so much better then others and some that you will never use. And the best ones are overpowered-one-shot-body-shot-machines.same with the attachments. Like why would i not put a supressor on my gun when i can pull one of my butt anytime i need it and just put it back when i dont. But they do sound and feel satisfying. Thumbs up overall.Costumization-The customization is great not amazing... but pretty great.In the begining you choose what you person looks like and what they're wearing,and for some reason you can change that anywhere you are. The great part about it though is the amout of clothing options you have. You can have your character look cool and stealthy or practicly naked with a hockey mask and a cowboy hat. Also the weapon customization is great. Similarly to the clothing you can have your gun be camo and realistic or have it be bright pink. Nice touch ubisoft.Graphics-Graphics are good, even on low.Map-The map is amazing. I did not fall for No Man's Sky trying to trick us with the huge map thing because size doesnt matter. It's how you use it. Ubisoft always does a great job with their open world maps. The densitiy is great Everywhere you go looks and feels different and there are towns and villages scattered around the map. They captured the cultre and the geography of south america. You can kill people in A jungle, desert, forrest and in mointains. The weather is done right and so is the day night cycle. The only bad thing is that there are no cities. All the small villages look identicle and i wish there was more variety. Great job ubisoft.Progression-The levling system in this game is a mixed bag. The way you level up is just by playing the game, but the way you get the perks is interesting. You need metals and you need reasorces. You can find metals around the map gaurded by some bad guys. The reasorces also can be found this way. But to get the perks you need a lot of reasources. The way you get a lot is to do side missions. The only problem is there are like four or five different side missions copied and pasted around the map. So if grinding and repition is your middle name this is right up your alley. So overall could be worse.AI-The AI in this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ The bad guys litteraly sit in one spot and try to shoot you. But the only problem is they cant because they all learned how to shoot at the same place storm troopers did. Also your team is special needs too. Most of the vehicles in this game have mounted guns. So if you have to drive they need to shoot but since they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ even if they do shoot at someone they wont hit them. But that is still fine because the enimies cant hit you either. Fix AI please.Vehicles-Most of the people i talked to about this game♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the driving. And sure for a game that has you travel cross country to get to the next mission they better have good driving (especially if the first DLC is about driving). It is really slippery and if you hit the curb the car blows up. But i dont give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about driving because every place you go there is a helicopter and the flying in this game is pretty decent for using a keyboard *cough* *cough* GTA V (why use numb npad to fly?). So bad driving, good flying. Just fly everywhere.DLC-I hate DLC and ubisoft is the king of it.They always make you pay a fortune for♥♥♥♥♥♥expasions. I already gave you 60 dollars stop makeing me pay for♥♥♥♥♥♥that should be in your game. Although i have to say the first two DLC are actually♥♥♥♥♥♥ They just took the same game i just played 50 hours of and and copied and pasted it with some new dialoge in it. ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft.( before you ask i did still buy it and it was still pretty fun). But ♥♥♥♥ (paid) DLC !!!!!Story-Its just you typical Pablo Escobar rip off and some how four guys kill like half the population of Bolivia to take him down. It makes you look at games like Skyrim and half like and cry when you play somthing so bland. Do better ubisoft.Other-I love the fact that there are no loading screens the whole game is seemless. One mission to the next. The voice acting is okay the main comsnd lady is anoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥though. The sounds are great. Why do they let you change weapons anytime you want. It would make it a lot harder if you couldn't. Also why cant i kill as many civilans as i want. Also how come the Bolivian police hate me. :\Gameplay-This is where ubisoft ate♥♥♥♥♥♥ The took the loved name of Tom Clancy and slapped it on a lazy project. Each mission is easier then the last. The whole game is you running in either rambo or stealth and killing everyone with your one shot guns and stealing some paper or sshoting a gand leader. Some of the boss missions you can just snipe them from far away with being seen or enering the comound. And even if you are seen and some how actually get shot you have infinite health and lives so you cant die. I beat almost the whole game by my self on the hardest difficulty. No sweat. The hardest part was me not kill more then two civilians without waiting five minutes in between. Another reason ubisoft can suck my micro♥♥♥♥♥♥is they are lazier then me on finals week. Each mission and side mission is the same thing and nothing ever really changes. There are no ground breaking machanics or amazing inovation or whatever they say about every game ubisoft pukes up. You can eat my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you are a♥♥♥♥♥♥eating mother ♥♥♥♥ing money grabing♥♥♥♥♥♥maker ubisoft.Co-op-The reason i put this last is it is this games messiah. The little of this game i actually played with my friends was by far the best part about it. It is almost at payday 2 level in which you have to coordinate your attacks. Or you can always say ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥im gonna run in and murder everyone here as we mostly did. The chaos and the terrible gameplay make for some hilarious moments and some of thr best i've had.The only reason i finished the game was because of the guns, map and co-op. But if you do end up buying it 60 dollars is a rip off. Go to G""TWO""A (spelled it oi because steam cencores it lol) and get it for like 30. But dont buy the DLC unless for some reason you still want more of that sweet gameplay."
,Not Recommended,460930,30542601,Posted: 16 March,all,BobtheOgre,"TL:DR - Solid Gameplay, Not much content. Theres a lot to do, but its all the same thing over and over again.Played maybe 5 hours so far, and bored as hell."
,Recommended,460930,30393107,Posted: 8 March,all,MrBananerz,Gud
,Recommended,460930,30393124,Posted: 8 March,all,Revelation,Great game
,Recommended,460930,30393982,Posted: 8 March,all,muymra,"If people would just grow up and get over their prejudices, what they'll find is an extremely fun co-op shooter. Nobody is a bullet sponge, the gunplay is solid, the game will punish you for going in guns blazing, completing objectives quietly is rewarding, and the world is vast and peppered with missions and side missions. It's the Tom Clancy game I wanted The Division to be.Don't get it for single player, play with friends."
76561198039710976,Recommended,460930,30399320,Posted: 8 March,all,guinness_pete,"So far so good. For once it seems Ubisoft have bucked the trend and no major screw ups at all. Well for me anyway, runs well at high settings on my rig (i7 6800k GTX1080) but then you would expect that. Might get a bit boring after a while as the missions may turn out to be more of the same. 8 out 10 for me"
76561197977663001,Not Recommended,460930,31633645,Posted: 8 May,all,jparb02,"Had some potential but once you done the first region, missions and objectives are the same.ULTRA repititive unfortunately.Helicopter controls and pilot, which is your main way of moving around, are clumsy, which kill the rest.Too bad as there was some potential and good ideas."
76561197979702858,Not Recommended,460930,32390615,Posted: 13 June,all,Harrimonni,I do wonder if Ubisoft uses the same script for every game they publish...
76561198288324030,Not Recommended,460930,30674092,Posted: 22 March,all,Nightwolfx,"After about 10-12 it's fun passed that it is a grinder. More or less a MMO check list i have to go thru to get the better ending. As per the setting ""great"" but the game will bug out, crash or just randomly bounce me to my desktop screen. Was looking for more of a story then a kill order list but at least its over. As for Weapons, Grab a AR and the .50 thats pretty much all you need. Game all in all is a 5/10 looks great if it runs but just another sandbox from Ubisoft i wish it felt more tactical. You could cheese this game into the ground if you wanted too. Have A.I team mates grab a APC and watch the world burn. Need to put the hammer down and go at full speed in a car/truck or anything with wheels lets see how far before you spin out like i was driving in GTA-3. Want to try from the Air pffffff we have enough SAM sites to make iran jelly also good luck aimming those mount guns/rockets to the ground those only work in the trailers.On the Bright side Trucks in this game put skyrim horses to shame. They can climb any mountan top because ""4x4"" also try it in a mini van because ""Soccer Mom"" put the fear of god into Cartel as a flaming Mini Van rolls off mountan into a near by town.It's Fun but wait for a sale or something. Enough with the damn Uplay Store too, everything is on sale even a Dev's Soul if you have the credits.P.S if i request a Uber Heli please stop spawn dropping them on my skull. Thank you."
,Recommended,460930,30528457,Posted: 15 March,all,AX03,best of the best
,Recommended,460930,30953191,Posted: 4 April,all,Λᴢɪɪᴢ,I really enjoyed this game alot.Fun co-op tactical shooter.I highly recommend it.
76561197979223168,Not Recommended,460930,30631659,Posted: 20 March,all,[FoE] Pakkrat,"The game has several connection issues, and only a few of them are solved by changing your ports.  I've looked through several forum posts about people having connectivity issues and the same ones as in other games by ubisoft.  This company doesn't care if you can connect to friends or not, they already got your money.If you want to play this solo, it's a great game, but if you want to play with friends.  Well, your just rolling the dice there."
76561198039450637,Recommended,460930,30371391,Posted: 7 March,all,Mnacko,I`m a ghost ghost ghost ghost ghost..........
,Recommended,460930,33169935,Posted: 2 July,all,Driftwood,"It's a good game if you're not a fanboy who thinks the clunky controls of the first game should be the standard of the series, or someone who thinks it's ""too easy"" after clicking the easy button.You play as operators in South America tasked with taking out a drug cartel, you sneak around, assassinate people, and do various other missions. As a free-roam game, there are also side things to do that are optional, yet despite being optional, you'll still have people complaining about how repetetive they are. Pro-tip, they're optional, stop doing them if you're tired of them.You have a variety of ways to approach most any engagement or objective, stealth, full-on assault, vehicle rampage; me and a friend snuck into a military base at one point and stole a gunship before wreaking havoc on a plethora of bases before losing it. Just be aware that there are some times where one approach is better than another.The controls are tight and satisfying, though I do recommend a controller (truly, I do) unless you're good at driving with a keyboard, as the game does make an extensive use of vehicles for both travel and combat. There's also a RPG-like system where you get skill points from leveling up, and then spend those in conjuction with resources to unlock new equipment and perks that improve your operator, so that's kind of neat.Singleplayer is enjoyable, your squadmates are face-less stand-ins, but their banter gives enough personality that they're more than just robots, and they're quite competent in combat. The real fun is obviously in four player co-op though, so if you're not too sure on this title, then definitely only get it if you have three other friends who'll happily go all in.So yes, I do recommend this game as a fan of the entire Ghost Recon series, it's a welcome addition that does exactly as advertised, and Ubisoft did a great job with this title."
76561198060891131,Recommended,460930,30939350,Posted: 4 April,all,[MGA] Nolanator454,"This game i thought was going to be a waste of my money. but i was wrong! though the A.I can be ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, this game is by far my favorite game!"
,Recommended,460930,30403843,Posted: 8 March,all,Argyll,"Worthy successor in the Ubisoft Tom Clancy lineage.A tactical masterpiece, if Extreme mode is enabled.But, too many locked items and side missions to unlock things dilute the overarching narrative. Launch bugs, as expected.If your PC can handle the surreal environment. Ansel mode is fun."
76561198009462283,Not Recommended,460930,34127958,Posted: 9 August,all,M4LX WMD,"Everytime I launch the game the Ubi launcher crashes. Have searched forums and tried to find a fix, with no results. Have verified game files twice, no luck. Cant believe they are charging $60 for this POS."
,Not Recommended,460930,34115639,Posted: 8 August,all,FelonyBacon,"This game is an absolute blast. The reason I give it a bad review is it has microtransactions which was expected because ubisoft made it, and its only fun for 100 ish hours. beating the game is fun, then you complete every side mission and level up everything, then its just a fun sandbox. The problem is noone plays online, or mabye my online is broken which would'nt be surprising because ubisoft. I always have to make my own session and people only start joining 30 minutes after I start, which is wierd because for half an hour noone joins and suddenly 3 join within a minute. Looks fantastic but is a destroyer of graphics cards. super picky on drivers.If you have friends that play, I'd reccomend, but since the player base is so small, chances are you dont, so I wouldnt reccomend unless you only play all games for 100 hours."
76561198027318885,Recommended,460930,31941540,Posted: 24 May,all,parker_86,"Fun and Interesting game the mechanic of taking down the individual sub bossses and seeing how it affected the chain really hooked me in i wanted to find out what happens to these heads of production, traffic, and influence etc. Shooting and mapping is addictive though very same as in all open world Ubisoft ollectathons like Farcry and Assassins Creed I felt comelled to not take down Sueno until I had a 100 per cent killed all his sub bosses and areas although you can after two of his big cartel things are done.Looks incredible in 4k on a 1080 ti only problems I had occasionally came with it crashing a lot forcing me to sign out and reboot a lot which wsas a annoyance. Not incredible by any means but a great Ubisoft title i would rank it along with say Farcry 4 though I enjoy the Farcry series much more and this was the first ghost recon game i have played"
,Recommended,460930,30396823,Posted: 8 March,all,SRRIVERS,one of the best coop experiences
76561198285396198,Not Recommended,460930,31651187,Posted: 9 May,all,OZYMANDIAS,"Another promising game ruined by Ubisoft.Bugs, Glitches,Crashes, Stupid AI,Random enemy spawns.If you hide behind a wall you get spotted.If the AI is behind a wall you still get spotted.And I dont even want to talk about support vehicle spawns.First time saw a game which was good in beta but worsened as the main game released."
,Recommended,460930,30377126,Posted: 7 March,all,Tengusama,Crackdown meets Arma Meets Ubisoft :)
76561198055850911,Recommended,460930,30432473,Posted: 10 March,all,Jordan,"I would give this game a 10/10. I'll compare future games to this. For me, 10/10 doesn't mean perfect but it means that I can 100% guarantee that you will get your money's worth and that I WILL be recommeding it to ALL of my friends.I had lost hope in the Tom Clancy liscense, but this game won me back.-CombatSniping is tactical, and intelligent, your bullets will start to fall after a certain distance and shots don't hit instantly, you can use your Ghost team to mark and hit multiple targets simultaneously!You can aim in first or thirdperson view!The coversystem works together with the camera to give you a better view when going around tight corners.You have SKILL TREES that open up more options in combat!You can use your binoculars or drone to scout enemy positions and keep track of where they are. You can mark enemys just by aiming your gun at them too!-StoryYou are not a silent protagonist, your character, (Nomad), has a personality and expresses his opinion occassionally.Voicework, is passionate and solid, you believe what each character is saying.The open world is big.The story and world is intense, they give you a grim realistic perspective on cartels, it isn't whitewashed or censored. A few moments will shock you if you're not ready for them. I played as a female ghost on another save profile and the voice actress was... a bit average at times, but still sold most of her lines.Short Story Summary: Your Ghost team has to dismantle a large drug cartel in Bolivia run by a uber badass stoic-type named, ""El Sueno"". Your job is to rally rebel forces, collect intel, and shoot badguys.-DetailsCUSTOMIZEABLE CHARACTER! I don't know about you guys, but I LLLLOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEE customizing my hero. And what's better is you can change your look anytime you want to! And certain bosses drop additional customization options!Your Ghost squad will tell jokes when your not in a firefight sometimes! They'll tell you stories and share experiences and it just makes them feel alive!Just like in splinter cell, You have nightvision, and thermal vision, (Which you need to unlock.), and you can shoot light sources out to darken the area and make stealth easier.Your squad will call out enemy positions that then mark those enemies on the radar!Yes, you can swim in that water!-QuirksThis is more of a pro than a con in my opinion, but it's still odd, your teammates will teleport into your vehicle if you leave them behind, say if you fly off in a helicopter and don't wait for them, they will appear in the empty seats suddenly. I kind of appreciate that because it means I don't have wait one moment.Driving is fine, but it's by no means great. Cars feel a little unresponsive to me, maybe it's to simulate the weight and speed? You can drive down a mountain on a bike and usually not have to worry about falling off. Once again, It's one of those things I can kind of appreciate.-ConsThe game starts before it's really completely done loading. I sometimes start the game with an invisible gun and can't fire for the first minute of starting the game. I'm sure that won't be a problem for other people playing on much better computers then me.Maybe it's just me, but I felt the Unidad forces were too, wrong. I can't quite explain it. They will surround you with several squads and kill you if you don't back off. When you do back off, they seem to lose you instantly. Provided you can hide from the helicopters, which isn't too hard. The whole Unidad feels like some kind of Police system they put in the game. They tend to show up when you kill enemy bases, but they can usually be avoided. Ocassionally you'll have to attack Unidad directly in their bases, which is best done with stealth.Overall, It's a fantastic game I would recommend to anyone, Ubisoft, and Massive Entertainment, deserve serious praise after releasing this game. I knew I had something good in the open beta and am so glad to own this game. Reward yourself and buy this game, right now!You buy now?!?You buy now?!?10/10"
,Recommended,460930,31250313,Posted: 19 April,all,Mommy,It runs really well on my system my specs areGPU: RX 480CPU: I7 6700Ram: 16 gigsI can get it going to 60 fps fairly easy no complaintsthe game itself is beautiful and overall is pretty fun you got massive ammount content for the money you paybut if you will enjoy it is up to you  cause some of it can get repetive but I overall like the gameplay so i dont mind at all
76561198049530632,Not Recommended,460930,34325993,Posted: 18 August,all,marktulip76,i am sick of u play. wiping my account. it happens. every time i buy a game form them. i think ill pass on the new farcry.
,Recommended,460930,34704757,Posted: 3 September,all,Slade,"Game is kind of repetetive however I really enjoyed it. If you are a fan of games like ""mgs phantom pain"", or ""socom navy seals"" i feel like you would really like this. The game runs great and you decide how you want to handle every situation."
,Recommended,460930,33721110,Posted: 22 July,all,ItsJag,"[7/10]This game is amazing at providing friends a great co-op game at heart, as it's difficulty alters with more people in the lobby and it's strong dependance on teamwork and real tactics with a very diverse open world to explore. The missions they provide have somewhat of a variety to them, with stealth elements that are actually hard to follow through with, as this game is extremely unforgiving with its stealth if you want to play it on the only good difficulty it offers, (Realistic) as all other difficulties tell you exactly where the enemies are.However, the game's single player mode is very difficult to play in. The brain dead ai which'll only follow you unless you're dead, or there's a direct path from them to you, is extremely frustrating. The only order they fully follow is the sync shot, and even then they defy the laws of physics and shoot through hills to reach the enemy.The game also has a lot of performance issues, as even though I have an I5 6500 and a 1060 6gb, I still get less than 60fps on anything above the medium settings, which I would be fine with, if it wasn't for the utterly random frame rate drops that occur for no real reason and make everything so much more difficult.Overall, the game is a good one, but be prepared to be challenged, amazed, and running at an inconsistent frame rate."
,Recommended,460930,33632694,Posted: 18 July,all,Pyromantic Platypus csgogem.com,"Play with friends! If you don't then you won't have fun, it will get very repetitive and boring. Don't get unless a friend has it, if so then buy away!"
,Recommended,460930,33713105,Posted: 21 July,all,Shooter Swag,"At time of review, about 110 hours of game-time.Pros:+ Fun game play.  Story is very interesting and realistic.  Parts of story are based on real events, culture and things - research it.  Very large map!  Detailed beautifully.  Most buildings can be accessed and explored.+ When the graphics are turned all the way up, it's a very good-looking game.  Even medium to high settings look good.+ Firing and fighting mechanics/game play are solid.  More on the ""arcade"" side, which is fine.  This isn't a shooter simulator nor has it been advertised as one.+ Each vehicle and aircraft handle differently - nice touch.  Driving in dry environment versus wet environment changes handling.+ All sorts of animals in-game (none that attack) and also children - adds realism.+ Lots of side-missions.+ Exploration is fun and tons of collectibles (weapon upgrades, background info, intel, artifacts, history, etc.)  A few caves to find.+ Sound is good (has some glitches, see below).+ Developers roll out updates on a regular basis.  Are active and seek to improve game - big plus.Cons:- Teammate AI = This is my biggest gripe.  AI-teammates are absolutely stupid as hell to the point of being worthless or even causing mission failures.  (i.e. Need to capture a person alive?  Don't order your team to 'fire on enemy' b/c they'll ignore the enemies that are actually a threat, but will kill the person needing to be captured alive that's not even firing at all.)  It's not game breaking, and they don't cause problems every single mission, but expect at least a few restarts here and there b/c of them.- No jump ability. Have gotten stuck several times and had to fast-travel out (the ""climb"" ability would not function)- Sound glitches sometimes when driving vehicles.  When it happens, all sounds work except for the motor (essentially a silent car).  Returns to normal after 15-30 secs of driving.Grey Areas (Can/should be improved):+/- Flight mechanics have recently been improved, but needs a little more finesse; much better than before.+/- I'm not a fan of 3rd POV and it's especially bad in heavy foliage or very close quarters (inside small rooms).  Really need a first person perspective, full-time, that does not require looking through the iron-sights or scope to have 1st POV.  Regardless, the 3rd person isn't a game killer; just an annoyance.+/- This doesn't effect me, but some players experience performance issues.  You will need at least an above average gaming-PC to have decent frame rates.  I get a steady 60 FPS for the most part.  When the story updates, certain animations, and the occasional auto-save, it can drop to 30-45 frames for a few seconds, but returns to normal.My specs:i7 4790K @ 4.4 ghz16 gb RAM @ 1600 mhz1070 8gb ASUS STRIX(2) 1 TB HDD (Blue & Black WD)"
76561198113334748,Not Recommended,460930,35433795,Posted: 2 October,all,GoatyGoat,"Nothing special here, I mean it's fun, but after a while you just get sick of doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over again. The story so far sucks, the open world is full of nothing but ♥♥♥♥ing convoys and outpost. there's no real sense of progression. The villian is a ♥♥♥♥ing stranger to me! the only chance you get to even see him through  a 4 minute long cutscene at the beginning of the game. I dont think I'm gonna finish this one... is game that you are gonna beat just to forget about it after 2 hours"
76561198142380844,Not Recommended,460930,34341943,Posted: 18 August,all,TheScaryDoor,repetative
76561198143018562,Recommended,460930,30375321,Posted: 7 March,all,irishcalypso,gta5 mexico edition :)
76561197961877882,Recommended,460930,30467785,Posted: 12 March,all,<[[SpiX]]>,turn your hud and minimap off.
76561198136965438,Not Recommended,460930,30463430,Posted: 11 March,all,chris.reyes00224,I really wanted to give this game a shot. I spent too much time trying to make the game run on an i7 6700k gtx 980 ti build and the performance was crap. The game looks and feels fun but I will be skipping out until I see a performance improvement and when it's on sale. If you don't mind 30 fps give it a shot!
76561198118749426,Not Recommended,460930,31444152,Posted: 29 April,all,Phobic_Gull,"Bought this game and I really, really tried to like it. I regret even trying to like it, because now I have too many hours to refund for 60$. Such garbage. The only good thing about this game is the gunplay but it gets old quick! Stealth sucks and is too hard, and every location is the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,460930,31803166,Posted: 17 May,all,Tarradax,"This is your typical Ubisoft title, rehashing the same tired mechanics all over again. Optimization was poor at release but gotten better since, but honestly if there ever was a game best described as ""The same old female companion for hire (Try finding a word that Steam allows for this term, I dare you) but in a brand new outfit"" this is it.The only redeeming quality here is the co-op, but that's hardly a leg to stand on - it would require 4 people buying the game and then actually staying friends when one of them suggests ""Let's play Ghost Recon Wildlands together""."
,Not Recommended,460930,30699827,Posted: 24 March,all,OBookman,"DONT BE FOOLED by good reviews, the game is filled with tons of bugs, the AI is really really dumb, your NPC teammates are almost useless, the missions are repetative and you simply play the game like a rambo doing everything by yourself. Playing with friends makes it a little better but its no where near being an actual tactical shooter. STAY AWAY keep your money."
76561198200523762,Not Recommended,460930,30700309,Posted: 24 March,all,Dead Waifus,"The game is unpolished, pure and simple. it's so riddled with stupid mistakes and missed oppotunities I honestly want to cry. Another half a year of development is exactly what this game needs, but who here is surprised that Ubisoft crapped out another unfinished game."
,Recommended,460930,31947036,Posted: 25 May,all,LaprocketOfDoom,"If you've ever thought to yourself, ""gee, I really like the Witcher 3 but I'd really love if it was set in modern times with narco-terrorist enemies, an even larger setting and a virtually infinite amount of weapons and customizations for those weapons plus the ability to create my own operator and give him some cool ink I wish I had ."" then you may want to think about buying Ghost Recon Wildlands. Seriously, buy it, you'll love it. You're welcome."
,Not Recommended,460930,32708001,Posted: 23 June,all,Murcielago N. Zhang,"the DISLIKE is for the UPlay...no, PlayU.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -update at 2017-6-28 after 40hrs played:The bugs are good bugs, but the game is not. If you really have money, go and buy Euro Truck Simulator 2 and better with the map DLCs.------------------------------------BTW, the AI teammates are worse than PIGS, and the GOD DAMNED ANTI-CHEAT still active in offline. Wanna money back now.Enemy reinforcement flash out just 10 meters less, on my six. However, the vehicles and reinforcement I call always hundert meters away. What's more, the helicopter always be put near a building, so when I start the helicopter the rotor will be damaged.Rebels, always drive their pick-up trucks, hit and kill the HVT who I need alive."
76561198115723444,Recommended,460930,30385792,Posted: 7 March,all,Rohit_47,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,460930,30369321,Posted: 7 March,all,Edskelton,It's running better on my rig than the beta. It's pretty fun with friends so far. We're trying to find a better scope for the sniper. I've never been so satisfied with wishing my gun was different lol
,Not Recommended,460930,33734572,Posted: 22 July,all,FvckingPOG,"One of those games that would have potentially been a contender for GOTY in anyone else's hands but Ubisoft, butchers of The Division.Not worth 60 bucks.Maybe.  MAYBE worth 30.Having put as many hours in it as I did before I realized it was a clearly inferior stealth shooter (I didn't have other games to compare it to at the time) compared to other products from better developers, I totally regret this purchase, and I wish I could refund it.  And it's the last time I take game recommendations from those set of people I knew who recommended it to me.What an almost criminal waste of potential."
76561198036299529,Recommended,460930,30371903,Posted: 7 March,all,maxnëilgar,"Really good game, got great liberty of action"
76561198028096440,Recommended,460930,30371720,Posted: 7 March,all,Timi,"This is a commendation, looks like it came from a box of cereal, or the airforce or something."
,Recommended,460930,30399470,Posted: 8 March,all,.jordy,"This is Operation Kingslayer, listen up"
76561198020803681,Not Recommended,460930,31274802,Posted: 21 April,all,SQUIDY,♥♥♥♥ this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Bugs everywhereworth $19 not $85A real clunky 'console feel' game. - would have been sick on PS2 in 2007
,Not Recommended,460930,31458488,Posted: 30 April,all,Nasbe,"Strict NAT, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ physics, unplayable through hamachi.. Where can I get my money back pls."
76561197970667931,Not Recommended,460930,31453837,Posted: 29 April,all,OldWulfe,UBISOFT...WHAT ARE YOU DOING?STOP LETTING CORPORATE CAPITALIST ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S DICTATE WHAT A GOOD GAME SHOULD BE.TELL THE MONEY GRUBBING♥♥♥♥♥♥BAGS AT CORPORATE TO ♥♥♥♥ OFF AND DIE.LEAVE THE DESIGNERS MAKE A GOOD GAME THAT PEOPLE WANT TO PLAY.MAKE A GOOD PRODUCT AND WE'LL BUY IT.IF YOU KEEP FILLING IT WITH MONEY GRABS AND USELESS CORPORATE IDEAS NOBODY WILL BUY YOUR PRODUCT AND YOU WILL NOT  HAVE JOBS.HOW IS THIS NOT CLEAR?
,Not Recommended,460930,32655881,Posted: 22 June,all,brother_ewok,"Typical Ubisoft affair but a few things make it worse than their typical open world game.The AI is horrendous, both teammate and enemy. The enemy are blindly stupid however as soon as you are detected they turn their aimbots on and know exactly where you are until they are all dead. Your teammates wander around stupidly but you have so little control over them. There are pretty much two teammate AI settings, detected or undetected. Clearly it was designed with co-op in mind but there's no excuse to release it in as bad of a state as it is and it makes the game lifespan too short because now that nobody else is playing you can't really co-op anymore.They say you can approach the game however you want but the stealth mechanics are immersion breaking and poorly designed. Your teamates run around in front of the enemies yet the enemy don't even acknowledge them, you can't move dead bodies and the detection system is backwards.The weapons and ballistics are terrible. Guns have no weight and bullets are like airsoft. Extremely unsatisfying.This game had so much potential, it could have been a more casual ARMA or more realistic MGS5 but they decided to make an unpolished, boring action game."
,Not Recommended,460930,32671639,Posted: 23 June,all,Bok & Choy,Visualy a great looking game runs great looks great but overall boring and repetitive.Had great potential with a massive lead up but failed in my books.
,Not Recommended,460930,32667090,Posted: 22 June,all,ShadowLucifer,"I must say I like the game it was fun but got boring after a while. Haven't played in quite sometime. I would of liked a bit more customization. A bit more control over my AI god forbid they breach one door while I breach another or better yet give me the ability to switch between them. It was maybe a 5/10 rating. As far as customization and what I can and can't do with my character. I would of liked to see more skills and stats customization strength agility stamina intelligence. Hell if I cant have that at least let me select a class for different play styles. In the real world the navy seals have a different skill set than the green beret, compared to socom. I feel as if they could of combined all three into one charcter class to allow a player to completely customize a play style based on different blackops skill sets creating their own personalized black ops group or at the very least create different classes. It just felt very limited. The weapons even felt very standard. I mean in my mind if you are running a black ops team you have access to any and every gun in the world. Yet there is a lot to be desired as far as assault rifle and sniper rifles and the customizations for weapons. Not to mention I mean come on l am hard pressed to believe any black ops team cant interogate someone themselves. Giving more customization to the story line. For instance I interogate the guy. Depending on the interogation method used (water boarding or bribery or protection) he gives info (to avoid prison and get protection or due to the water boarding) or doesn't (He would rather go to prison or die from torture) which would then change the outcome of that mission changing what my next mission would be because of information that was recieved or not recieved. I am still waiting on PVP which has yet to come and was gonna buy the season pass but after the reviews I am just gonna wait till it is 75% off because it sounds like they are very lack luster. If it were me. I would of expanded the season pass so as to add a new country crossing the border of bolivia where after taking out the santa blanca cartel their competitor has risen and become stronger with no one to stop them. Hell its a criminal underworld they are fighting. Stopping at drugs? You could of gone into human trafficing, extortion, stopping politcal corruption due cartel influence any nunber of areas. But no it sounds like you just threw the map into paint cut and paste a little section and threw in some car racing. Not what I wanna sign up for."
76561198007391543,Not Recommended,460930,30612330,Posted: 19 March,all,TooTall,"Tons of fun at the beginning, but loads of idiotic Ubisoft BS at the end."
76561198007586826,Not Recommended,460930,33698668,Posted: 21 July,all,Tjalfe Binyrebark,"Boring game, terrible writing, clichés everytime they open their mouth, terrible how the cars functions (like driving on ice with wheels made of butter), every mission feels like a bad clone of the mission before it. AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥too btw. The story is awful to play. I get that the story is not ""make it or break it"" for the game but if you spend 50+ hours of gameplay atleast make a decent ♥♥♥♥ing ending.-SPOILER ALERT-   -STORY ENDING-You get two options, or tries if u want, to catch the lead villian, EL Sueño. First time he actually dies. But then you can continue the story like nothing ever ♥♥♥♥ing happened and El Sueño is alive and well and the hunt continues. Not to mention the whole plot twist that the rebel forces that fights along side you, is somehow against you now. Of course, if you keep playing they will just turn friendly and all is forgotten. The second time you confront El Sueño, you meet up at the agreed location to talk to him, but he offers you a job to work for the cartel since you are so deadly. He then proceeds to offer you 4 cars (like the cars in the game are of any value) and, surprise surprise, you decline to work for the cartel which you have pretty much demolished already...So that is that.. no hunt continues this time, no ""He gotta be here somewhere"" line, no nothing. You decline a job offer and 4 cars, that is that. Plus, he is still alive even though you shot him dead half a game ago.If you like customizing weapons and your character I recon you could spend some time, that is honestly the funniest thing to do."
76561197978145622,Not Recommended,460930,35000219,Posted: 16 September,all,Krawlz,Dont buy this game devs litterally patched it for the worse and abandon it
76561198091223751,Not Recommended,460930,35250452,Posted: 27 September,all,Lord Skrampton,"Its pretty fun to see how terrible this game is. Not worth it by any means but if you do get it, celebrate the terribleness with a friend"
,Recommended,460930,33334218,Posted: 6 July,all,])rStrangelove,Awesome but you have to drive with a controller
76561198039592370,Recommended,460930,30658163,Posted: 21 March,all,LT.David Babyson,i love the game but the choppers the black bird is totally crap i need a vietnam era huey with 50 cals and rocket launchers make it happen plus we need a freaking rpg for the purple gang unidad they always out number and kill us even in easy mode.DO IT NOW!!!!
76561197987072903,Not Recommended,460930,30474990,Posted: 12 March,all,I'm a dirty slut,"Messy, unfinished, cringe inducing dialogue, instant fail stealth missions, collect useless items to detract from actual story (there isn't an actual story), ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,460930,30645349,Posted: 20 March,all,Critolis,"1st review EVER, out of probably 100 games.   I expect that I'll get some hate from this review, but whatever.I've only played for 10 or so hours, but from that I can tell you that  I like the game, but I definitely do not love the game.   I'll try to sum up some issues below.The Good:This game is a large, beautiful open world game.   The game adapts, and changes to reflect things that you've done within the game.    The 1st person view while looking down the scope is perfect.   Also just when you think that the game's starting to get repetitive, it throws you a curve ball.   WIthout spoiling anything, the enemy becomes more challenging.  These are all great things!   The game is fun to play, even with it's quirks which I'll try to mention some of my findings below.Being former military, I definitely appreciate the jokes that the bots, and comments.The Bad:The game needs work.  Playing with bots alone comes with a large learning curve.  The bots hang way behind you, and the only way to get support from them is to either die, or to have them take the shot by using SYNC command.   It's taken me a bit to make this my game style.  This is fine, but be sure to keep track of who you have SYNC set for, and don't forget to only take your shot when all of the SYNC targets, and YOUR target are away from anyone else, to not alert other enemies.   I made the mistake a few times of thinking only the keybinding (Q) was to initiate the SYNC take down command, and the bots take their shots when I fired my rifle at someone who was away from else.  Bad move because it can ruin the mission by alerting everyone else around them.When you start to interogate enemy lieutenants, the bots are mediocre at helping until you get knocked down.Bots will stand 2 feet from an enemy without engaging.   They'll also let the enemy creep right up on you if you're using a drone, binoculars, or are looking down scope.If f you start to reload your gun, you can't squat, go prone, or move until the reload is finished.  You'd think that special forces would be capable of loading another magazine, and walk at the same time.  I can do this in real life, so it should be able to be done in game.The game mechanics aren't the greatest.  I really dislike games that don't allow you to jump.   See below for my reasoning....  (under glitches)If you're on a timed mission, the bots aren't going to help you until it's too late.  They won't engage the enemy, even after ordering them to Fire, and after you've raised their efficiency skill to max level.  Once you're on the ground, they'll rush to get you up, but before then they're utterly worthless.  This game definitely needs better AI.***The game is glitchy.1 glitch is that I've gotten stuck between stairwells, behind rocks, and a few times inside of cargo containers.  You fall into these things, or climb into them, and sometimes there's no option to climb out.Another glitch is that sometimes you're unable to use your binoculars, or the drone.  The only way to get the ability back is to quit your mission, and fast travel out.Sometimes you're unable to mark targets for the bots to shoot.  Quitting the mission, and restarting the game fixes this.If initiate to collect the intel, or tag items for the rebel, and an enemy walks up, you can't move until the action you initiated has completed.  By that time you're already being shot.  You'd think that you'd be able to stop what you're doing and react, but not until the game animation's finished.After playing for 30 hours or so, the game has started to crash 1/5 times that either use binoculars, the drone, or look down the sites to aim at someone.    It happens mostly when using the drone.The bots are always telling me wrong info.  ""The emitter's taking a lot of damage"", when there's no emitter.   ""The Lieutenant's getting away"", when I'm not even fighting., ""We might have used up half our time getting this far, think we'll make it"" (when it's not a timed mission).   ....The Unfortunate:I bought the game full price through Steam so I could play with people on my Friends List.   Once installed, the game redirected me to Uplay, and you're logged in through UPlay, and cannot see your Steam Friends List.  At least that's how it works from what I can tell.Other Thoughts:If you have people on your UPlay friends list, and can play Co-Op, the game will be much more fun than single player.  Playing with randoms will not make the game any better.   They will revive you about as much as I revive bots.   The game as single player is still fun, but it can be very frustrating.Playing solo can be very challenging, which is both good and bad.I honestly wish the whole game was 1st person, instead of 3rd person with 1st person view while aiming.  I don't normally play 3rd person games and get caught walking off of stairwells.   This definitely isn't a flaw of the game, more that I wish you could have the option of playing 1st or 3rd person view.If you're planning to play this game solo, wait for the price to drop some."
76561197999020239,Not Recommended,460930,30456857,Posted: 11 March,all,Death Prophet,Lots of bugs. Often in games with friends that cant see me/dont do any dmg/bad loading. Basically often unable to play with others. <3 ubi-soft servers. Its  a fun game but quite bug riddled currently.
,Not Recommended,460930,30915285,Posted: 2 April,all,Putin the Gun to Ukraine,"I wanted to like this game, as I spent $60 on it, but it's just really not that good. The physics in cars are strange. I really cannot think of a better word for it, they just act odd, collisions are weird and traction is wonky. The missions, while really repetitive, often break too. I love having to follow someone who, instead of getting in a vehicle and moving, stands in a corner for 12 minutes after the third retry of the mission. The AI itself is annoying, the magical mortars who follow you despite them only knowing someone is there and not specifically where they are are fun. The AI squad is hilarious, watching them literally walk inches away from someones face with their gun jammed into their eyes and not being detected since the enemies can only detect the AI when they detect you. The Unidad waves are annoying as hell, it goes from a few cars to a blackhawk or so to several apache type attack helicopters every minute.Back to the missions, they are literally ALL the same. There is a total variation of about 4 missions. Follow X, then capture Y, capture whoever and interview them, spy on this, capture whoever undetected, and blow this up. Repeatx100 is the entire game. I actually found myself not wanting to beat this at all.The skill system is boring, and collecting supplies is really tedious. You can capture stationary supplies for small amounts, attack convoys for some more, or you can find landed supply helicopters/planes that you can steal, but if you are detected, someone will get in the helicopter and be taking off before the door is even fully open.Every gun in this game is lackluster. They all feel relatively similar, some being better than others, but really, who cares? There just isn't any fun in the tard-tier customization of the guns (high capacity 30-round stanag magazine? That's normal capacity ffs).The story is meh, and the voice acting isn't very interesting either. The random jumps between spanish and english from the 40000 people you interogate get annoying. The story itself is extremely obvious, and I honestly predicted it within 10 minutes of starting this game.Thanks Ubisoft; for once again proving you are incapable of making a decent single player game once again."
76561198099396218,Not Recommended,460930,30596756,Posted: 18 March,all,Chief Harambe,"Finally decides to buy Wildlands. Spends 4 hours installing game. Goes to run the game, and 30 sec splash screen which goes nowhere after that. Looks up all possible solutions. Nothing works because Ubisoft is ""working on a fix"" for people with 2 hard drives. The temporary fix is to move the game to the same drive as the OS. OS is on a 250 gb ssd which only has 37.4 gb available on it. Game is 40 + gb. Thank you Ubisoft for releasing yet ANOTHER game which can't run on a seperate drive from the OS. Company makes millions, can't even afford the extra time to make games independant from the OS drive.  Steam refund currently in the works."
,Recommended,460930,30371607,Posted: 7 March,all,zz200815,good game good car good bug :P
76561198260209433,Recommended,460930,30372072,Posted: 7 March,all,MuGi_Victor,VERY NICE GAMESICK SICK Servers
,Recommended,460930,30374855,Posted: 7 March,all,WesselTT089,"You can read more review's but there's no need to. Buy the game, it's awesome."
,Recommended,460930,30496142,Posted: 13 March,all,Slim,"This game is so damn good. My advice, if you want the best out of it as a stealth game, is to play on the Extreme setting, with markers and cross hair turned off. It is  the game I have been waiting for, since Far Cry first came out."
,Recommended,460930,30383747,Posted: 7 March,all,Z,"Would give it a 10/10 if they rename El Sueno to Pablo Escobar, otherwise 8.5/10."
76561198109793594,Recommended,460930,30370505,Posted: 7 March,all,monkaS-,Love this game!
,Recommended,460930,32664200,Posted: 22 June,all,Kristin Sabrioski,There's just something about being able to customize a character and go into a beautiful open-world jungle and being a clandestine black ops agent. I absolutely loved playing this game. :)
,Not Recommended,460930,31215480,Posted: 18 April,all,intercityboy,"It's not a -bad- game.. its just, an ubisoft game.The best anecdote to sum up this game; Stealth is easy, but whether or not you become ""discovered"" is arbitrary and when you are discovered, even on the hardest difficulty is inconsequential. so it gears you more to a run and gun gameplay style. then when it forces you to play stealth missions, the ""rules"" on whether or not you are discovered become unbelievably strict and the consequences suddenly become ""you have failed the mission, try again""If it's 50% off, or you have 4 friends and alcohol to play it with, I would give it a recommend, however, unfortunately, I do not."
76561198210112129,Not Recommended,460930,30722562,Posted: 25 March,all,月夜魔君,某天游戏过程中突然闪退，然后再次进入就直接卡在育碧登录界面，我以为是育碧日常抽风，就下线打算第二天玩。第二不能登录，没在意，结果到第三天还是不能登录，网上查了下才知道是同步存档出了问题，一直卡在同步那不动，所以无法登陆。同步关掉后能登陆游戏但本地存档消失，再次打开同步，系统提示云端存档出错，不是我的存档。给育碧写邮件快一周也没有任何回复，现已经在朋友的陪同下重玩。如果还有这类事发生，直接退款。等了七个工作日（9天），客服终于回复了。以下是客服原话：您好，您可以试试关闭存档试试。七个工作日，总共九天时间，回复我十一个字还带语病，关键还是错的：云存档同步和存档是一回事？无法登陆问题我自己解决，在备注里有，客服看都不看。就你们这屌态度和办事效率，以后不会再买育碧任何一款游戏。蛮好的游戏，毁在你们死爹的存档和敌军派来的客服手里。
,Not Recommended,460930,33982831,Posted: 2 August,all,Creymann,dont
76561198061638747,Not Recommended,460930,31447544,Posted: 29 April,all,⎠⎠  TheMilkman™⎠ ⎠,"Gets boring and repetative fairly quick. Alot of poor design choices such as every gun makes the same fire flash and sound from a distance, enemies are beyond stupid, most guns feel similar/the same, lack of vehicle diversety and multiple other things. Alot of mission are pretty much the same thing to. I dont recommend it at full price wait for a large sale"
76561198010447603,Not Recommended,460930,35270957,Posted: 28 September,all,Hatredcopter,Blugh.My friends made me buy this game.  They bought it and played it for a day straight before pumping me up enough to buy it.  I should not have.  A generic military shooter meets a generic Ubisoft open-world map but with helicopter controls developed by someone ingesting too much mercury.  The video game equivalent of drowning yourself in a vat of plain lukewarm oatmeal.I stopped after 3 hours.  All my friends stopped after day two.
76561198068133903,Not Recommended,460930,30389932,Posted: 8 March,all,Advil,"Overall it is an ok game. gun system is good and the world looks good. however, the vehicle system is painfully bad. I'd say its worth it on a sale but not full price."
76561198191829187,Not Recommended,460930,33692597,Posted: 21 July,all,nektarmor20,♥♥♥♥♥this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game not optimaized not anyhthing i regret bying this♥♥♥♥♥♥DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,460930,30402242,Posted: 8 March,all,Flammable,"brought the game requested a refund within the 2 hour limit as all the reviews say game concept is great. The game control is the worst Ive ever played cover shooting all have problems ai is terrible only way to play the game is rambo style while driving on ice in all terains. If you want to try the attack helicopter forget it, its only good for transport their is no reticle no first person view so you have to guess where your shooting while still trying to navigate... massive fail oh thats if you can figure out the poor controls. At that point refund requested this game is not whats advertised.If the game goes on sale for maybe $5 aud it may be worth it if you cant find any other game to play."
76561197994486693,Recommended,460930,30378810,Posted: 7 March,all,ADF-Snake,"This is probably the best Ghost Recon game i've ever played. When they say open world, they bloody mean it. Soon as i got control of my character, i literally went all around the map hunting down new guns and parts because i could. Did i get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me over and over? Yes. Did I constantly die and have to restart a checkpoint? Yep.But I still enjoyed it, because i got some really good weapons without having to do any missions in other provinces, you can do anything, anytime, anywhere. You can Fly, Drive and use boats or you could walk.. But why. Game runs just ok on my i5-2500k CPU, some minor issues but I'm due for an upgrade soon.If you like open world shooters, then this game is worth it. Play Solo or Co-Op (If you have friends, I don't)."
,Recommended,460930,30502684,Posted: 13 March,all,RezNought,this game is very fun with plenty to do
76561198098426837,Not Recommended,460930,30855825,Posted: 31 March,all,[Vanirs]Municher,"Very boring and repetitive. Graphically beautiful, but gameplay just isn't there."
,Not Recommended,460930,34920946,Posted: 13 September,all,Goonie,At least UBI is consistent with the garbage they produce.
,Recommended,460930,30389621,Posted: 8 March,all,MakaDonVeli,A lot better then I thought it would be. Worried that a lack of progression story side would turn me away from it but it has been good so far.Run's well also. No performance issues to date.
76561198043641076,Recommended,460930,30375870,Posted: 7 March,all,CKisLyfe,10/10 this game thought me how to sniff cocaine.
,Not Recommended,460930,30535399,Posted: 15 March,all,Hupsel,"Repetitive and dull. Typical Ubisoft game with tons of stuff to collect and a long campaign just for the sake of it. Terrible story and all the missions play the same. Can be fun with friends. Another positive element is that the shooting feels good but, other than that, everything lacks soul."
,Not Recommended,460930,30609612,Posted: 19 March,all,Drew-Drew,"I have a GeForce GTX 1070, Intel Core i7-3770K CPU 3.5GHz, and 32 gigabytes of RAM.1920x1080, 60Hz monitor.I can't even run the game without frequent fps drops on standard.Multiplayer connection is horrendous.Multiplayer in general is horrendous.What is with the camera positions?Solo playing is a joke.Stealth is a joke.Boring story.Vehicle physics are god awful like every other ubisoft game, like Watchdogs 2.Yet another♥♥♥♥♥♥release by Ubisoft.Dont be fooled by the hours. I played the beta."
76561198023665068,Not Recommended,460930,30642956,Posted: 20 March,all,Hello BABA the Jannalulu,Finished it. Not worth a buy if your playing alone.
,Recommended,460930,32268198,Posted: 8 June,all,♔ SUPERVISOR the Original,Awesome game... Ubisoft's best game
,Recommended,460930,30455681,Posted: 11 March,all,NicoWilde,Fun to play even when playing Solo.
,Not Recommended,460930,30692258,Posted: 23 March,all,[HiVE] Throupy,"It's a good game but...I pre ordered this game and waited a few months for it, but I must say i was very dissapointed. Upon first launch and playing the first mission, I loved it, i could see myself playing it for hours and hours, but as the game progressed, I found myself doing the same thing over and over again, I was waiting for something to happen, like a bigger mission, but no, just the same thing.Yes another ubisoft game that has misled me with the trailer."
76561198008067696,Not Recommended,460930,30465144,Posted: 12 March,all,Anaalikipu,"Too many bugs and crashes for a 60€ AAA game.Microtransactions for a singleplayer / Coop game??Low quality animations, riding motorbikes is terrible.Unacceptable for a company the size of Ubisoft."
76561198020249764,Not Recommended,460930,30467095,Posted: 12 March,all,JuggerNerd,What a waste of art assets.
,Not Recommended,460930,30712447,Posted: 24 March,all,Weeeishy,"Dogshit game..1- Weak story-line.2- ♥♥♥♥ing repetitive missions.3- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI. (Both enemies and allies)4- Boring if you play it solo.5- Huge map, but lifeless.6- It has a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimization compared to other AAA games.7- Leveling up is useless since all of the skills are trash.8- Who ever made this game needs to take Physics 101. (Driving cars is weird af)Don't waste your time like I did."
,Not Recommended,460930,30473445,Posted: 12 March,all,Spasmonke,More bugs than bugs life
,Recommended,460930,30471423,Posted: 12 March,all,Timberman,"A really good game with a lot of action in it, could use more story behind it tho"
,Recommended,460930,30642677,Posted: 20 March,all,Greddit,"Besides for numerous bugs that never fail to either♥♥♥♥♥♥me off or make me laugh, this is a really cool, really fun game. It's best played in co-op, unless you're a loner like me :<."
,Recommended,460930,30540875,Posted: 16 March,all,Agent Frost,"Very fun with friends, solo is still alright though. 7/10"
,Recommended,460930,30482256,Posted: 12 March,all,Big Boss,"good gamegame is fun loads of missions to do story is simple not a big great story like other games, sad thing is the performance issues have carryed over from beta sturring,frame drops, graphics loading and so on just have to wait a while for ubisoft to get the bugs fixedpro'sloads of main missionsweapon custmizeghost custmizecon'sperformances is still poor (can be fixed tho)side missions are the same missions over and over againdriving and flying controls are badai can be stupid sometimespart from that this game is really fun and good to play"
,Recommended,460930,30488311,Posted: 13 March,all,Rhadiel,"The first game I preordered in a long, long while, mainly based on the Open Beta experience. I was surprised to see the game being a lot more polished at launch. I used to be an Ubisoft detractor but this game cast a ray of hope for them.Pros:- Open world, free roam.- Lots of side missions to keep you busy.- The game caters to all gameplay styles, from stealth to Leeeeeroy Rambos.- Nice variety of vehicles and weapons.- Good diversity in main story missions.- Seamless transition from coop to single player and reverse.- VOIP.- Very good variety of landscapes and environments.- Great optimization for low-end machines.Cons:- UPlay.- No Steam achievements.- Cannot jump, so you can get stuck between two tiny rocks when going down a hill.- Very poor weapons progression. I'm still running around with the starting gear because they're the only ones so far that I can add suppressors to.- Cannot customize your single player squad.- Skills should be spread more throughout levels, not just in 4 tiers.- Somewhat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ NPC AI.- VERY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ squad AI.Although the game has its flaws, it offers an overall good experience. If you liked MGS V, the old Delta Force games, FarCry 4 etc, give this game a shot, you might be pleasantly surprised."
,Recommended,460930,30421218,Posted: 9 March,all,f12,"The game is VERY fun. It's really addicting and hard to stop playing. But, as I'm sure almost everybody knows, this definitely requires a pretty good rig.Other than it's requirements to run the game smoothly, the game provides hours of fun. I've, on the first 2 days I bought the game, played 10+ hours. It's very addicting, the missions are fun to play, and the game has no strict pathway. You can basically do what you want, when you want, and how you want to do it.All in all, I'd most definitely recommend this game to others. It's very fun and worth the money.Thanks for reading!"
76561198016884143,Recommended,460930,30434621,Posted: 10 March,all,Temp950,"I bought it, tried loading a new campaign, and could not even change my character's appearance, because it took so long to load each change that it would not show on the preview. When I decided I did not care how my character looked (out of fustration at having to wait for so long), I clicked start campaign. Game promptly went to a black screen with a loading circle on the right hand side, and stayed there for a little over 2 minutes.. I quit, restarted, and this time the beard and everything loaded with a five second delay after each selection. I once again started a campaign, got the same loading screen, and after two minutes, a percentage indicator popped up next to the loading circle saying 75, then went to 85 another minute later, and then 99 after another two minutes, and then stayed there for another minute or so. By this time I decided this game is not worth the money,, and returned it. Nice job Ubisoft.edit- I tried once again before my return was accepted, and this time around it finally loaded. Loading the game initially took forever though. Once the game started, I actually began enjoying it... It ran without a hitch afterwards, with fps at 70 or so on a decent rig with a GTX980 tiAs far as driving goes, I play with a mouse and keyboard, and found the driving pretty good. I had a hard time adjusting to keyboard driving in previous games like GTA 5, but compared to that, the cars are much easier to drive in this game with a keyboard. I also picked up a helicopter and sucessfully flew it to the next checkpoint and managed to land it with a keyboard very easily, so no complaints there. The controls feel good, and the gameplay is solid so far. It is however, ridiculously easy, and has a watered down feel to it in comparison with games like splinter cell or the old rainbow six games. You can take a decent amount of fire without dying, and then your health goes back up, while enemies die with one shot.Edit-After 30+ hours of playing the game,, I have to say I love this game now. Its pretty unique as a game. The world is just massive, and each province looks beautiful and has tons of stuff to do. I think the best part of the game is unlocking the guns, as only 3 guns and 3 attachments are found in each province. You can buy it through the store, but you would be cheating yourself out of a lot of fun.  I have been playing singleplayer throughout. The size of the map is roughly 20km X 20km, and has some spectacular scenery. I can't remember playing a game that regularly had me taking shots at such range that I had to account for bullet drop. Also, the gun sounds are excellent. They have a sharp crack and tend to echo  when you are shooting across valleys."
,Recommended,460930,30485772,Posted: 12 March,all,ASSTHETIC,"from just the first piece that i've played so far, it's a pretty enjoyable game. Helicopters are a little wonky (air vehicles tbh) and there isnt really a clear cut 'go here do this' after you complete a mmission, and you really are just allowed to explore. i like the customization of weapons and the side missions are pretty interesting. overall a p good game if you enjoy 3rd person exploration and first person/3rd person combat."
76561198079501725,Recommended,460930,30488038,Posted: 13 March,all,LostProphet6,As a fan of tom clancy games this is a good addition to them
,Recommended,460930,30486853,Posted: 13 March,all,tazz006,No complaints
76561198088857271,Recommended,460930,30475001,Posted: 12 March,all,Jack Doolan,"Make sure you play it on the hardest difficulty with the hud turned off.This is not as good as Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six that i played on the ps1 back in the 90s, but for a tactical stealth game thats made these days its not a bad attempt. I have payed money for alot worse games, this ones better than division was at launch.I am still playing it, and i will be buying the dlc/season pass. Its fun for what it is, just dont expect too much."
76561198043376902,Recommended,460930,30475308,Posted: 12 March,all,SoDoG,"good game, the only point i dont like is cant choose restart mission, so when you fail the mission u have to walk to the point again and need to assasinate all the enermy again in order to get perfect killing."
,Recommended,460930,30415911,Posted: 9 March,all,Harle,"Do not expect a super deep game. Like a lot of Ubi games, it's a mile wide and an inch deep. It also has the feeling of a game that didn't quite have enough time to become what it really wanted to be. That, or it got hamstrung in the last stage of development in order to make it more approachable to a mass market that loves GTA.HOWEVER;The gameplay itself is incredibly fun in cooperative. This is a great game for 2-4 friends who like to coordinate and take on challenges together. It feels good, it looks good, and it is extremely gratifying. It has nailed that formula of simply performing tasks with friends and making that very rewarding. You just have to approach it with either a sense of professionalism at one extreme (playing very tactically), or with a sense of playfulness (the game does allow for some absurd and hilarious moments if you let loose). Either way, it can be a ton of fun.I do not recommend it in single player, though it's not necessarily that it won't appeal to everyone, it's just pretty flat, and the squad AI feels pretty placeholder, often failing to react to enemies who pose a clear and present danger. An example, after thinking I had cleared an area and grabbed a VIP for interrogation, another enemy appeared from the bushes and started shooting at me. I had some cover behind a car and waited for my squad to intervene. They literally never did. They stood around for a good ten seconds until finally enough shots got through the car windows to kill the hostage. That's pretty bad AI.Do not expect a deep story-driven experience. Though I can't speak to the entire length of the game, it does appear like you have the setup from the start, and apart from learning a little bit about its characters, the story doesn't really develop. You are there to hunt down some people and disrupt operations. So treat the game like a sandbox world full of problems to solve.Also, the game gives you many ways to travel, including fast travel, helicopters, and vehicles of various sorts. Honestly if you want to get the most out of the game, I recommend doing more walking than you might otherwise. It took me a while to realize that there are many winding footpaths and country roads in the world that the GPS doesn't use at all. Which is a shame, because these handcrafted paths represent some of the most beautiful and atmospheric spaces in the game. Take your time to stop and smell the roses. Walking through mountain forests and along cliffside paths are their own experience and the game doesn't do enough to nudge you toward them. It's very easy to just hop in the first helicopter you see and fly to the next objective, but if you do, you're missing out.Anyway,TLDR; I tentatively recommend this, but only if you have 1-3 friends who plan to play with you. As a coop game alone it is worth getting and playing. As a single player game, it has its charms but it's not nearly polished and deep enough to pass muster."
,Recommended,460930,30453989,Posted: 11 March,all,WheelchairTM,"Now that we're a few weeks in I have to say, the game is pretty good. I know that it had a bad release as is the other ubisoft games at release. However, the game is fun, the gunplay is great, customization is amazing, the driving is somewhat fixed. It is alright playing solo, but with friends it is a way better experience. The world in the game looks spectacular, just because it has some low textures in certain parts doesn't mean its bad. The world is huge I mean BIG, a game world that big will have some mishaps graphics wise.My only complaint about the game is that with such a huge world, we need more diversity in missions and other activities. For those who say the game is terrible because the driving, its repetitive, yeah sure but the overall gameplay is amazing. I'd recommend this for those who like games for the diversity in guns and the ability to control what you do from the way you customize your guns, or the way you approach a certain situation. It all comes down to personal preference."
,Recommended,460930,30406756,Posted: 9 March,all,✨-Le0n-✨,"Very Impressive. a game for those who loves open world, adventure, exploring places.... roll play, guns which we can customize with FREE skins...... if you have friends then you can do so many things together. Its so addictive. The game looks so good, the locations are beautiful. Graphics quality is so good. you can play single player with AI teammates too. I Highly recommed this product. try it you will not regret."
76561198026434128,Recommended,460930,30567430,Posted: 17 March,all,DopeInder,1) Load up game2) Set graphics to max3) Ignore all quest4) Order Squad to hold position4) Walk into the forest5) Hiking Simulator HD 10/10 would leave team mates behind again.
,Recommended,460930,30492858,Posted: 13 March,all,shihyichuan,Finally a decent game from Ubisoft. Whoever make this game should remake the Division.
76561198050216888,Recommended,460930,30746770,Posted: 26 March,all,linx0010,"This game is very good. It has a good story, lots to do as missions. But you need a decent pc to be able to run it at stable fps."
76561198040898909,Recommended,460930,30770330,Posted: 27 March,all,Crazy Gamer on FIRE,8/10 would be 9/10 if there was more gay navy jokes
76561198024568326,Not Recommended,460930,30638877,Posted: 20 March,all,garethwiliams,"See, I want to like it, I really do. Playing on ultra in 4k makes me want to load it up and really get stuck in.Unfortunately, It's just not fun at all. How this can be called a ghost recon game i'll never know. Most firefights start out with you trying to be stealthy but eventually they turn into call of duty frantic run and gun sessions with poor AIIt's classic ubisoft of late in that there's a whole bunch of stuff on a map and no real plot or main missions to keep you from straying too far off the beaten track- It reminds me of farcry primal (another game I got bored of really quickly)"
,Recommended,460930,30695385,Posted: 23 March,all,F3AR TH3 J3ST3R,"this game is one of the best. this is the type of game you will stay up late playing and enjoy playing, even more so with friends."
,Recommended,460930,30695597,Posted: 23 March,all,DJ Walrino,Great Game!
76561197985208324,Recommended,460930,31105254,Posted: 12 April,all,The Jimmy Rustler,Extreme Difficulty = AIMBOTS
,Recommended,460930,30403045,Posted: 8 March,all,i am a toast,UBISOFT MADE THIS!?!?!?!?!?!?Oh Wait... There's micro transactions day one...
76561197972506350,Recommended,460930,31238766,Posted: 19 April,all,edman3d,"Neutral:- Previous experience or interest in Ghost Recon games is not required. This is it's own title and it's own game with Tom Clancy slapped on it.Pros:- Satisfying & realistic bullet impact makes for fun gameplay. Bullet drop.- Tons of unique weapons, mods, scopes.- Incredible optimization & beautiful game.- Surprisingly un-repetitive story missions/elements. Tons of map space & content.- Regular updates actually address core issues and add more value to the game over time.- Extensive upgrade system that can pull you in for a long time. Impactful upgrades almost across the board as well.- Almost no issues with connectivity (played 95% of the game co op with 1 friend).- Supports up to 4-man teams if you actually have friends.Cons:- Spawning or respawning hundreds of meters from team members when fast traveling to them (honestly not the worst thing in the world but it is my #1 issue with the game believe it or not. That's how good this game is)- That's all I can think of which is kind of crazyShout outs to the Dev team on this one & happy narco killing to all."
76561198076318529,Recommended,460930,30707667,Posted: 24 March,all,Machulovski,love the map，love the epic scenery，love the outfit，love the drone，love the guns，love the free wildlands，i can spend thousands of hours on this
,Recommended,460930,31161013,Posted: 15 April,all,PLUGGI,This Is My Favorite Games
,Recommended,460930,30624871,Posted: 19 March,all,KyoteMaleris,"The game has been out in almost 2 weeks if not more, I can't say that I have been playing it much. I got the game 2 days after the release. I would say that this game is very good if it wasn't because of the games campaign. Not the best one. Sure the game is good and it's worth buying in my opinion."
76561198145415402,Not Recommended,460930,30549401,Posted: 16 March,all,Mbf173,"This game is absolutely great, with only a few annoyances that would otherwise make it fantastic. The biggest one by a mile is the optimization. Even with a gtx 1070 on medium settings i can not get a constant 60 fps. My fps ranges from 40-60. I mean the graphics are great and all but I would put it up to par with just cause 3 in terms of volume and resolution. So for now I just hope that the optimization definitely improves as well as a few other bugs. For right now my recommendation is no. Just for the fact that one of nvidias newest gpus can't show its true capabilities."
,Recommended,460930,30428433,Posted: 10 March,all,LimaNiner420,"+Detailed graphics+Detailed terrain+Brilliant gunplay+Massive playable area-Relatively easy, even on realistic-Clunky vehicle controls-Unpredictable spawns that spawns an enemy APC right in front of your face-Horrible detection system that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you over from time to time7/10"
76561198097868700,Recommended,460930,31455423,Posted: 29 April,all,{BrG}O\/3RLO/\D3D,"I pulled the trigger on this game at the sale price. I really wanted it over a month ago and waited. After playing it for several hours I regret not buying it a month back. Truly open world, customizable weapons, sniping, and great graphics. One of the best games I've ever played."
76561198180501573,Not Recommended,460930,31634249,Posted: 8 May,all,wishmaster Cro,worked 2 days good after instalation  about 10 h now pice of♥♥♥♥♥♥doesnt work and have try everything.and im not in mood to download again 43 gig
,Not Recommended,460930,31677055,Posted: 10 May,all,saityx,"Fun game, but Ubisoft still hasn't figured out networking so prepare for NAT: Strict and not get any matches. Google around, tons of people having issues and port forwarding/UPnP doesn't really help. I do not recommend this game if you want to play multiplayer. The Division works fine for me, so it's not my settings but Ubisoft."
,Recommended,460930,30940153,Posted: 4 April,all,Curbytheretardedhorse,Good graphics
,Recommended,460930,30419700,Posted: 9 March,all,☭ Bendz CS.MONEY,One of the best games that I have ever played in my life.
,Recommended,460930,30420529,Posted: 9 March,all,Juice Head Gorilla,"If you like ubisoft games, buy it. If not, then dont."
76561197984147763,Recommended,460930,30434237,Posted: 10 March,all,Teacup,"Wont win any awards, but isnt terrible."
76561198006532565,Recommended,460930,31990391,Posted: 27 May,all,hosebeast42,"Its fun, enjoyable with big♥♥♥♥♥explosions and youre shooting bad guys- is it a seamless interpretation of special forces work in the field-- uhh: no. And I doubt anyone would seriously want to play that, unless you think hours of pain, sweat, sleep deprivation and fear should be simulated into your game. I just dont think if youre playing a game that it's a prerequiste that it somehow traumatizes you to be a shooter. I also think the Bolivian government should send a thank you letter to the developers for making their country look amazing. Im frequently stopping to take in the sights, or enjoying touring the country by helicopter (while shooting drug dealers galore, of course!) There's graphic violence aplenty, but its all done to underscore why you blow away droves of Santa Blanca minions. Once the firefights get to rolling, its simply a good time, not remotely a commentary on real drug interdiction efforts and who gives a crap? Read a paper - this is a game and when the developers had to pick between fun and depressing and scaring the player, they went with fun- so good choice"
76561198179203506,Recommended,460930,31779227,Posted: 15 May,all,Shawn,"Hey, that's pretty good"
76561197973586870,Not Recommended,460930,30562813,Posted: 16 March,all,BirdiE,The most generic game I've ever played.
,Recommended,460930,30829820,Posted: 30 March,all,GermanaCC,Yeah its little bugy but its to be expectet...its a brand new gameBut you need the Uplay to play it and Ubisoft servers are crap but not hte games fault still preettttttyyy good game :)
76561198019873377,Recommended,460930,30483198,Posted: 12 March,all,MechJibb,Hands down the best game I have ever played. Well done Dev's I forgive you for the past like 5 games.
,Recommended,460930,30591438,Posted: 18 March,all,Epotro,"To be honest, I did not follow this game at all until I saw it had a open Beta. I played the Open Beta and loved it so obviously I bought it. I have had a lot of fun playing this game. With friends and without friends. But I prefer games where the story is not shoved down your throat and it is just a completely open world. That is exactly what this is. If you want a story filled game then this game is not for you."
76561198126476427,Recommended,460930,30471281,Posted: 12 March,all,bananadurian,"the best way I can discribe this game is MGS 5 meets arma meets  just cause 2-it has the stelth mechanics, gun play, and tagging enemys with you camera (and your flying drone like watch dogs 2) of MGS 5, but less enthesess on stealth mechanics like interagating an enemy after captuering him or having the massive amout of gagets-like arma it plays kind of like a mil-sim game but more appealing to casual players in the sence controlles are a lot simple and caractor movement beeing a lot smoother whith compramisses of having absolute controll of how you want to play and relism-and like just cause 2 it has a amassive beautifull map full of variety and freedom that you can do and go whereever you want with no bullsh!t reastrictionsin conclution this game is basicly a shooter that have taken the good parts of many other open world games and putted them all together whith compramises of leaving some of the features that the games I listed above did, so while not perficed it is a really fun game that you can have a lot of fun-P.S.  the best way to play this games missions will be on co-op just make shure you have a mike becuase it will require you to have a lot of comunication when you play"
,Recommended,460930,30482771,Posted: 12 March,all,Roswell Crash,"Probably one of the best games I've played in a long while, filled the hole the Division left when that game went to♥♥♥♥♥♥Really love this game, fantastic!"
76561198024902731,Not Recommended,460930,30508423,Posted: 14 March,all,iceman_63,"This is my opinion of the game. Hopefully it's objective and may be of value to someone considering whether to buy this game.:I had great hesitation to not recommend this game.+GOOD- Fluid actions and gun fight comparable to farcry 4 and shadow of mordor.- Syncing shots is a great addition and variation from the farcry series. It's not an innovation unseen before but blends in nicely with the game and makes player feel a lone fighter no more.- Beautiful and massive landscape. The landscape makes sniping sensible and the choice between assault rifle and submachine guns a real choice though maybe not a critical one.- The setting of drug syndicate avoids throwing at players some distasteful and discriminatory value judgment seen so often in some other ubisoft titles.- Helicopters frequently join the fray as enemy and this rewards stealth approachNEUTRAL- Removal of eagle eye heights systems that had been in place through the assassin creed and far cry series. Really this system overstays its welcome long ago. However, there is a clear lack of creativity or ability of the developing team to implement a meaning replacement.- No more crafting and collecting of resources. Neutral on this since crafting can be fun at times.- Skill and perks upgrade system. Not very impressive system but competent.-BAD- The assassin creed and far cry system of complete a few missions, kill a few bosses and conquer a few territories mentality die hard.- Not really an open world as there is very little to do in this massive world.- Some intention to imitate arma series infantry combat and COD fast pace adrenaline. A bold move but awkwardly implemented.- This should be what Tom Clancy Division looked like as most of the graphics and game mechanisms are same but Ubisoft has decided to launch them as two different games. Main reason not to recommend.- After 5 - 6 hours of game, you tend to realise there is nothing meaning to do other than follow a weak storyline and kill every bad guy the developer has put there for you. It's like you have a big house but there is no furniture.- Poor performance at times."
,Not Recommended,460930,30595138,Posted: 18 March,all,Slim Killington,"Literally the shallowest, most repetetive game I've played in as long as I can remember.Open world, go here, shoot things, pick up a thing, done. Repeat ad nauseum.  Literally no change whatsoever.  It's The Division combined with Far Cry, but with all the meatier parts of each game stripped away.  On the one hand, it's great to play with a few friends when you want to turn your brain off and play something mindless.  On the other hand, it's not an experience I'd have willingly paid full price for.Great $20-30 game.  Buy it on sale so you won't care when it's stale after a few hours."
,Recommended,460930,30668662,Posted: 22 March,all,DeathPaCiTo,"This game is awesome, FeelsGoodMan"
,Recommended,460930,32691455,Posted: 23 June,all,Dr. Peppermill,"What I learned about Bolivia after 100 hrs in Ghost Recon Wildlands:- They have more helicopters than cars and the armed forces have unlimited amount of them.- Bolivian motorcycles are extremely strong, they can crush fences, trees, and fall from 50 meters without consequences.- Almost all women wear hats, one model.- All cartel members are “cabrones” or at least that’s how they call each other.- Bolivia is the only country in the world manufacturing “Comm Tools”.Ignoring some minor bugs and the performance issues (stutter) even with GTX 1080 Ti, it’s quite entertaining game and I can say I’m enjoying it.  Graphics are pretty good, sound/voice is OK, large amount of customizable weapons, different options to take on enemies.  The gameplay is closer to a Far Cry game than “ghost recon” game but I’m OK with it because I like Far Cry (all of them).IMO most of the items in the in-game store are pointless, even bad, except few cosmetics, so don’t waste your money on them … I did and I regret."
,Recommended,460930,32830155,Posted: 26 June,all,Elemento,Really a fun game for me. Graphics looks great and the effects are also spot on. And the story is very interesting.
,Recommended,460930,32726489,Posted: 24 June,all,Sympathizer,"[Note1] As June 2017, even I rated this game as 'Recommended',PvP modeis not released yet.  When PvP comes out, I will definitely edit this review.[Note2] 'Recommended' rating does not mean that you should get this game instantly.Story[Spoiler Free] US embassy has been attacked and one undercover DEA agent is killed by the Cartel named Santa Blanca. Ghost Team along with their CIA contact infiltrate to Bolivia, and they dismantle the Cartel by working with Bolivia Rebels.GameplayThe title 'Ghost Recon' is known as 'Stealth Reconnaissance' at outdoor environment. So, playing as stealth is meant to be played, but you can play this game as any style that you want, aggressive (going loud), stealth (going silent), sillyness (doing dance-around), etc... except 'killing civilians'.   You can customize your own character, but you cannot customize your AI teammates which is somewhat disappointed. I played as both solo and coop, and I must sayplaying this game with 3 friends is definitely recommended. You and your friends infiltrate to an objective area, scout around, communicate with your friends to make plans & execute them. Playing as solo is okay, but AI teammates are not smart and not very aggressive.  When an AI teammate uses a minigun and destroys an vehicle in 15 seconds, it is very doubtful that he is an elite soldier. Although driving mechanic is okay, flying a plane is somewhat annoying. I can avoid incoming missiles, but landing on a road is very difficult (a great example from Narco Road DLC). I have encountered some bugs and glitches, and they are somewhat annoying as well. (I know that Ubisoft Paris is still fixing these issues as they stated on Ubi forum post)QualityI think devs team did very good job at making Bolivia. The landscape looks very beautiful especially when looking it from the sky, but I think that Bolivia is too large. Moving to objective area is too far, and almost 50% area of Bolivia is not worth of explorable. I love about collectables, easter eggs, andantagonist's background videos. Also, there are somememorable quotesin this game. Each weather (daylight, night-time, raining, fog) affects differently like (1) some enemies will patrols, and some will sleep during night-time, (2) you will have more 'Noise Reduce' on raining, (3) enemies will hardly see you during foggy. Weapon mechanics like Bullet Drop, Noise Reduction (even using suppressor can make noise that enemies can hear from short distance), Bullet Penetration, Weapon Customization through Gun Smith are included. I love that this game teaches youto acknowledge your weapon's abilities before going into a mission. Surely, you can charge-and-go-around-and-gun-blazing.  The game does not stop you doing that for some missions.  You can replay main missions with different weather, but sadly, youcannot set in-game time and weather. I wish that devs could add that feature. In addition, side missions are very repetitive and each of them is not unique.Most Highlighted FeatureOne word: Cooperative. This game is specifically designed for four player co-op.OverallI got to admit; it isvery addictive game.  I played several hours on this game due tomany amazing features that I get to play around. There are many technical issues, but I would highly recommend this game to people who arewilling play this with friends. Consider this game asStandard Edition; I regreted of buying this game as Gold Edition, becauseSeason Pass is garbage. If you want to buy DLC, only 'Fallen Ghosts' is a worth."
76561198006641890,Recommended,460930,30492886,Posted: 13 March,all,joeexton9469,its not without its problems (loading times and minor redering issues for me) but all in all a great game.  I have a little over 22 hr of time in to it and havent lost intrest even though its basicly the same style of mission over and over they've done a real good job at making each mission different with all the variables posible.  and the graphics are amazing even though there no sli support at this time
,Recommended,460930,32832236,Posted: 26 June,all,clarewifey,Only reccomended with friends.
,Recommended,460930,30564075,Posted: 16 March,all,Doc Holliday,"First off, I do recommend Wildlands, but I don't really think it's worth the full $60 price tag. It has a lot but it's mostly a lot of the same thing. So if you buy it and don't enjoy the first couple missions then refund it while you can because it's not going to be your cup of tea. The graphics are really good even on a combination of medium/high settings at 1080(I get 45fps average but I'm using an oc'd phenomII x4 965be with a 384bit 3gb 7790 that's bottlenecking pretty hard). So if you have a better cpu and a gpu that's at least as good as my old 7790 then you should be able to run the game fine. The movement and shooting are really good and smooth which makes both sniping and close quarters combat enjoyable. The vehicle handling is a bit dumbed down to make it easier for those using only a keyboard(heli's and planes being the worst offenders) but not really bad enough to be a dealbreaker. You can seemlessly transition from using a keyboard and mouse for shooting to using a gamepad for driving which gives you the best of both. The only problem I've had with the game is I sometimes get stuck in between rocks when climbing down mountains, but that can be avoided easy enough by picking a good path down (the drone helps with this kind of recon as well). It's got fast travel points as well so if you get stuck, it's not that big of a deal. The character's customizable skills are good but a bit limited. The weapon customization is more in depth but you have to find the parts and weapons you want around the map. So if you want a better scope or rifle then you're going to have to infiltrate enemy compounds to get them. You can also pickup guns off of dead enemies but those aren't customizable. All in all I'd say it's a good sandbox game if you enjoy sniping and know how to lead targets/compensate for distance. If that sounds good to you then grab wildlands. I'd advise waiting for a sale but that's mostly because I'm cheap af."
,Recommended,460930,32922472,Posted: 28 June,all,Donny,9/11 GAME WOULD PLEY AGUN
,Recommended,460930,32697838,Posted: 23 June,all,BrozShock™,"Ghost Recon Wildlands is a very entertaining open world game with lots of large beautiful environments to explore.The Driving isn't a big issue as many have claimed. It's certainly different than similar open world games, however once you learn how to drive/fly it’s very easy. I actually prefer Ghost Recon Wildlands vehicle mechanics over most other games.This game is so much fun with friends, I can't recommend it enough.Thnx for reading :D Author:BrozShock"
,Recommended,460930,33102332,Posted: 1 July,all,No.615_Screwball,I think it's alright
76561198070850414,Not Recommended,460930,33136078,Posted: 2 July,all,Titan Kronos,Was by far my favourite game of recent years for about 5 minutes..... graphics weee amazing fun game style then bugs out of nowhere the textures flicker like mad literally triggered my epilepsy. If you want to kill an epileptic enemy this is your game otherwise stay well clear.... such a shame what could have been
,Recommended,460930,33260865,Posted: 4 July,all,ĞƦĘƑ,Fantastic open world co-op 3rd person shooter!
76561198076174001,Not Recommended,460930,33300685,Posted: 5 July,all,243543534,"Terrible game design. This game is so repetitive and empty in the plot. It has a huge map, but lack of fun plot and details. However, the game designer wants to hide this fact by making the game play vert furstrated. So that you will actually spend a lot of time in this game. They think a longer play time is equal to a fun and rich game. No, it is not. In this game you just do similar mission again and again. In oder to make changes to these similar missions, they will trick you with lots of hiden missiles. So that even you almost finish the mission, you will hit by the missiles and start the whole mission again. These game elements furstates me a lot and do not help add any fun to the game play and plot. The only purpose is to trick you and let you do the mission again and again so that when you post a comment people will see that you have long play time and you must have some sort of fun with this game. If you think this is fun, then buy it, and do the similar mission again and again and again...... They never have any imagination of how to make a richer story and world  or really exciting game play design. Instead, they try their best to furstrate you. You will get mad, and try very hard to beat the game. Oh, then you have long play time. When people see the long play time, they win."
76561198065368101,Recommended,460930,30495854,Posted: 13 March,all,The Boulder,The game is only fun if you have a friend with you.....
76561198281694832,Recommended,460930,30607600,Posted: 18 March,all,anpeihang,"Although driving anything in this game is like sh.it , SHOOTING people does feel really awesome and breathtaking.It got lots of guns and equipments to use which is really fun and exciting.But it still can get a little boring due to the limited types of mission.BTW :  i've got killed by civilian's fu.cking car crashing for a million times when i jumped out of my car while i was feeling great. godda.mn it."
76561197967818079,Recommended,460930,30986104,Posted: 6 April,all,Fecal Tornado,The most fun u can have playing with your friends and still have your pants on. LOL
,Not Recommended,460930,31466353,Posted: 30 April,all,Mama's Boy,"First of all - the game itself is really good.But it is coupled with some dubious UBI-practices which have to stop, therefore, for the sake of better future I'm leaving a *negative* review.Let's see:It says ""COOP"" in the Steam page.BUT!Nowhere in the game description it says that you cannot play with your friend if both of you are behind NAT. The game itself is good, and I really like it. However if you buy it strictly for playing coop with friends, you're screwed, unless one of you got external IP. Google ""Tarija 0014"" for more info. Not recommended because of the crappy network code.It really getting ridiculous - I had to install Evolve (THIRD overlay) to get coop to work. Just imagine -- THREE OVERLAYS just to get this game working!!!!!!! Steam + Uplay + Evolve. And it doesn't work out of the box. THREE OVERLAYS, people!! Are they, like, nuts?Moreover, it is ""language locked"", so I cannot choose English, because I live in Russia and I am *forced* to use Russian localization. WTF, UBISOFT? I forgot how you treat your customers like dirt. Why can't I play in English? What's wrong with that? Do you have to force upon me the crude Russian localization while I always prefer English, should I pirate your game to get the language I want? No more buying of UBISOFT games, screw this company that continuously projects total disdain for their customers."
,Not Recommended,460930,33049081,Posted: 30 June,all,Jello,"Another tom clancy game!-Pros:*Good gameplay*Gun customization*Gun variety*Cover to cover system is automatic and rather easy to work with*Good graphics*Player customization (Dual gendered game)*Variety of vehicles*Large map*Fun Coop play*Community doesn't seem to be toxic, but actually friendly (Unlike the dark souls community)*Voice support-Cons:*No blindfire*Horrific story with little to no lore content*All fights feel the same after awhile*Hardly noticeable difference between story and side missions (every mission feels the same).*SAMs respawn after walking a mile away from blowing them up*Enemy spawns could be better*Bugs still exist including the infamous grenade launcher delay bug (many have been fixed though!)*AI is useless for anything other then sync shots.*The last mission is a joke that is rather easy to beat in 5 minutes (id expect a memorable experience)*Difficulty scaling is done simply by increasing enemy health + damage and reducing your health instead of making a more aggressive AI with tactics.*Grindy skill and resource system-Personal thoughts: If you are looking for straight gameplay and nothing else then this is the game for you. If you want more then that I strongly suggest you watch some of the story before buying (It will be rather hard to do this though anyways as there is practically no story).Voted down based on the lazy writing for the story and generic missions."
76561197985171381,Recommended,460930,30391439,Posted: 8 March,all,Baleur,"It's incredible.Graphically one of the most jawdropping games ever to have been released, period. I'd argue even more so than Witcher 3.Gameplay-wise its pretty standard Ubisoft open world game fair, collect stuff, press E on things, get unlocks, get equipment, contact new characters (absolute ton of well made lore and ingame videos for even trivial things), visit new regions and the new story and characters of said region.Quite similar to aspects found in GTA, Arma, Assassins Creed, Watchdogs, Just Cause 2 etc.But i mean, this is basically what i always wanted Arma to be (although more arcadey than Arma), a huge open world of modern military mischief and tactical ops, with the world being full of stuff to do and dynamic AI. The problem with Arma was that the entire world was literally empty unless you manually crafted every mission and operation.And the problem with Just Cause 2 was that it was TOO over the top and ridiculus nonstop pewpewpew. I mean sure it was fun as hell, but also got a bit exhausting as you longed for something a bit more sensibly paced and tactical.Wildlands is essentially the perfect middleground between Arma and Just Cause.To be honest, it's brilliant. The gunplay and ballistics feel very good, the sounds and hit notifications and impact effects as well as the slightly exaggerated size of tracers and bullets themselves make shooting and lobbing sniper shells over long distances, watching them drop and pound the ground like a small cannonn, feel extremely satisfying.The major dissapointments are in the vehicle handling / physics. The physics arent so bad, when they collide and fall etc, but the control handling is just terrible. Helicopters are awful, and many cars feel like some of the most awful arcade Need for Speed games in the past. Like 15 year outdated vehicle handling.But considering the game world is as large (or larger) than Arma 3's Altis, you gotta forgive some things.I'd never accept poor vehicle handling, usually, but when the game is so unbelievably large in scope, and has the most impressive presentation and solid ""dont break what worked in previous open world games"" gameplay, with gun handling and ballistics that feel REALLY good, i will forgive it for poor vehicle handling, just this once.After all, i accepted the terrible vehicle physics in Arma, so i'd be a hypocrite if i didnt accept it in Wildlands too."
76561198389448273,Recommended,460930,31924192,Posted: 23 May,all,ziyanhussain64,amazing
76561198357096770,Recommended,460930,30441561,Posted: 10 March,all,halopish1,Nice to Play co-op had fun playing
76561198058089392,Recommended,460930,30517357,Posted: 14 March,all,chubbyd07,"After playing for roughly a little over 40 hrs, I can honestly say that this game is fun and addictive. You do get tired of the missions after a long gaming session (these missions are pretty much rinse and repeat), but for whatever reason, you're itching to get back in and hunt down those Narcos after a few hours of down time. The graphic is top notch for an open world title, and the performance is decent. I'm a graphic over fps kinda guy (by that I mean 30 fps is totally ok), so I choose to run the game in 4k with mostly very high to ultra settings and consistantly get between 32 - 42 fps depending on the area. Being a console owner for most of life, 32-42 fps is a dream, and we're talking 4k here. That's running on an i7-5820k and a 1070 FTW, and the lower end 32 fps is very playable (no stuttering driving through heavily wooded area at high speed). Now if you have a less powerful rig then I would suggest sticking with the regular 1080p.As for many complaints regarding control schemes, you'll get used to it after a while. It's no GTA, but it gets a lot easier after a while. All and all, this is a solid game. The map is HUGE (like my hands), and if you don't mind rinse and repat missions, then this is a hell of a game."
76561197970457330,Recommended,460930,30578506,Posted: 17 March,all,Dick Mission,"Fun game, but ♥♥♥♥ ubisoft and their micro-transactions."
76561198201894817,Recommended,460930,30578877,Posted: 17 March,all,Neapoll™,:)
76561198091949923,Recommended,460930,33419488,Posted: 9 July,all,The Fourth Horseman,"This is a great sandbox game that you can play in for hours.And by doing so you tell everyone that you literally have nothing better to do than shoot the same 4 character designs in the face.Overall great game. The DLC, however, is probably not worth the buy."
76561198005739736,Not Recommended,460930,30450465,Posted: 11 March,all,ElCockie,"Typical ubisoft, bugs bugs and more bugs. Spend 30 minutes to run this ""game"" just for play 5 min and get crash to desktop."
04511253298462562,Recommended,460930,30450590,Posted: 11 March,all,Cagedboss,great game with great mechanics and fantastic open world
,Recommended,460930,30441054,Posted: 10 March,all,Grizzly Man,"The Division was just a demo...this is the final release...and it is damn good.No bugs, full game on release, and the map is about 20 times the size of The Divison with full freedom of travel in any vehicle that you choose...or you can walk like a man.Ubisoft? Is that you?10/10"
76561198054555972,Recommended,460930,31439684,Posted: 29 April,all,droidsand,"A great game.  Performance issues are still slightly there, but it is far better than at release.  Graphics are amazing, gameplay strikes a solid balance between realism/action and it has an awesome soundtrack.  Terrain is incredible.  Vehicle controls can be a bit wonky but nothing too crazy.  AI isnt the best but is passable.  Being able to modify weapons boosts replay and enemies never ""Die out"" (Far Cry 3).Overall I give it a 7.5 out of 10."
76561198121121349,Not Recommended,460930,33065706,Posted: 30 June,all,tindarius,"upgrade system is pretty dumb, very repeditive, dumb friendly AI, still finding glitches.I'm losing hope for all AAA games they are becoming over priced polished turds..."
,Recommended,460930,30593486,Posted: 18 March,all,27 ShadesofDeKrey,Create Character - Most American of AmericansGet Car - Most Van of all VansFind Pedestrians - Most Unfreedom of FreedomsFreedom Liberation .... Hit all the pedestrians with the Van
,Recommended,460930,30596868,Posted: 18 March,all,An Old Friend,Deserves every price go buy it
,Recommended,460930,30401543,Posted: 8 March,all,Noesome,It's good with friends. Just think of it as playing Singleplayer with 3 friends to play with.It's boring if you just play with yourself.I still don't like the physics of ground vehicles. They move like they are copy+pasted. Bikes still jerk as you turn them.It's like they don't fit the world of Wildlands and belong in a different game.
76561198247257620,Recommended,460930,30415767,Posted: 9 March,all,SN0WB0NE,"This game is great it also has a very special feature where as sson as you start to get bored of playing it crashes saving you the time it takes to exit the game manually.all in all good game some issues need to be fixed i.e. enemy A.I. is pretty bad, driving/flying needs to be reworked, and FPS stability issues need to be worked out as well as random crashes.-i7 7700k-2 gtx 1080 sli-32 gb ram"
,Recommended,460930,30444848,Posted: 11 March,all,♣ Josh ♣,"Nothing better than watching your m8 attempt a base jump, only to splat on the floor because he's sht."
,Recommended,460930,30402430,Posted: 8 March,all,metis,Elder Scrolls: Bolivian
76561198024274857,Recommended,460930,30400924,Posted: 8 March,all,MD Tron,Love it.
,Recommended,460930,30401134,Posted: 8 March,all,Wolf - << Rawr !,"Basically a great game, you got a good stealth system, fully customizable weapons, and you can customize your character so yeah in other words this is the game that metal gear solid v the phantom fail could ve been, i totally recommend buying this game."
,Not Recommended,460930,30694857,Posted: 23 March,all,Feminism is Cancer,"The idea of the game is amazing, however the actual gameplay itself, not so much, There's an issue with Ubishit pumping out bug ridden games within the past couple of years, and this my friends is definitely in the top 3.Pros:- Cool story line- Never gets dull or boring doing the story or just getting better gear.Cons:- DELAY. DELAY. DELAY. I could switch to my grenade launcher, fire off a round, hear the sound of the round being fired, yet by 2020 the ♥♥♥♥ing grenade itself still won't blow up once it reaches the target.- I could physically be standing on ♥♥♥♥ing Jupiter and the Sicarios will still somehow detect me.- The loading of the games gives me cancer, literally, I'll drive into a town thinking no bad guys are around, 5 minutes later every bad guy and their grandma is on top of my position.All in all,♥♥♥♥♥♥game, cool concept. Regret wasting $60, don't make the same decision. 2/10"
,Recommended,460930,30663738,Posted: 21 March,all,Edgearoth,110 hours in and im still really enjoying it. I havent played it once on co-op solo only. one of the best games ive played in the past 5 years or so.
,Recommended,460930,31095171,Posted: 12 April,all,Justin,I like
,Recommended,460930,31661800,Posted: 10 May,all,mechanically inclined,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlandsis a great tactical shooter where you can use a lot of different play styles to progress through the game.But then again, every game in the history of video games has bothpros and cons.Pros*Great Graphics*Good Co-op and single player experience*Good player mechanics*Good world flow with both weather and NPC´s*You can Commit to different play styles or change whenever you want*Good Player customization*You can change load out or outfits on the go by pressing ""I""*Good enemiesCons*Bad car mechanics*Bad Helicopter mechanics*Glitches*Bugs*Skill system is hard to get used to*Skills except from the thermal vision and drone battery and distance are pointless from my perspective.*The night vision goggles are literally pointless"
76561198173166874,Recommended,460930,30417522,Posted: 9 March,all,ttrap84,Great Co op game to play with friends
76561198027326816,Recommended,460930,30404829,Posted: 9 March,all,danzi,"Great Graphics, great gameplay WHEN YOU CAN PLAY IT. This game crashes more than Skyrim ever did for me."
,Recommended,460930,30469243,Posted: 12 March,all,RevySan,"So where do I start?I bought For Honor like a month ago and I regret it. Game was and still Garbage. I thought about getting Wild Lands but was afraid because of what happened with For Honor. Luckly, I decided to get this game. This game has many pros and cons.. the list can go on for ever, basically. But, this game is really good!Things I Like:Amazing Coop.Amazing Graphics.Amazing Gameplay.Beautiful Stealth Gameplay (if you like stealth, ofcours).  and many moreCons:Driving Physics are Meh.Optimazation could have a little bit of work.In the end, this game is a 9/10 for me, totally recommended."
76561198059975330,Recommended,460930,30492756,Posted: 13 March,all,SELOMEN,This game is amazing!!
,Recommended,460930,30483168,Posted: 12 March,all,Sharia Lawbeouf,Pros:CoopCons:Single PlayerThat is it.
76561198119173917,Recommended,460930,30941721,Posted: 4 April,all,Pepsi_Man,Very fun to play. Although you would be very lonely if u play alone.
,Recommended,460930,30428642,Posted: 10 March,all,Shanky,Ghost recon wildlands is a different type of game that not many people might enjoy it has some really good elements but some bad ones:Pros:-Very good controls for the smooth movement.-Great combat thats very addictive.-Smooth movement especially when moving down and up hills.-Well made third person view especially while crouched behind cover.-Stunning visuals and extremely far draw distance.-Strong enemy AI on the harder difficultys.-Plenty of ways to play the game supporting loads of playstyles.-Loads of weapons with decent customisation of attatchments and optional camo's.-Extremely fun CO-OP with friends.-Still fun while solo but very challenging.-Great stealth system.-Good day/night cycle making night very preferred for stealth also rain and thunder can cover your footsteps and makes you alot harder to see.-The game does not contain variety but you actually create the variety by taking different approaches to missions and trying new playstyles and tactics which i find alot more fun than different missions all the time.Cons:-Horrible driving in every type of vehicle.-Repettitive missions.-Poor team AI.-Terrible story with characters that you forget in seconds.-Poor optiomisation as of now and im running Nvidia i dont know what AMD's side is like.-The open world makes the game seem alot more empty than if it was missions.Thats what i think of the game as of now i whould recommend it at around 20% off on sale but full price for this is not worth it while it does support atleast 60hrs of gameplay from what i can see also a 4v4 multiplayer couming which will add alot more hours of gameplay. I will give it a 7.5/10.
,Recommended,460930,30853798,Posted: 31 March,all,Zanobard,"A good action/stealth game that is a lot of fun, but unfortunately has poor stealth mechanics that do impact gameplay somewhat. Hopefully Ubisoft will fix these soon."
,Recommended,460930,30384278,Posted: 7 March,all,Johnny Two Tips,"The devs must've watched Narcos a bunch and decided it should be a game. Add coop and slap Ghost Recon on it and we got a game. Seriously though, find friends and play on Extreme difficulty and the game is fantastic. Go hunt Pablo Escobar with your friends in 2017."
,Not Recommended,460930,30547664,Posted: 16 March,all,Juan - Deer,"trash doesnt even launch and adds to ""time played"""
,Not Recommended,460930,32172746,Posted: 4 June,all,Tasty Mushroom,"Such a bad game after all, it has many fkin bugs and worse than many EA games..such a waste of money and developers time."
76561198129754466,Recommended,460930,32179111,Posted: 4 June,all,sergey.chubinsky,Don't understand the negative reviews. I guess some people are spoiled. It's an awesome game. Really enjoying it in every aspect.
76561198007282955,Recommended,460930,30406410,Posted: 9 March,all,Stinky Incubus,"Today I enjoyed a delightful lunch with my dear parents. I can't remember what they were saying because in my mind I was planning my nocturnal raid on the town of Khochi.""I reckon we can do this without killing anyone,"" I accidentally said out loud.My mother spat half-chewed satay chicken back onto her plate. ""Bulls**t!"" she said.She was right.10/10 would recommend this game for changing polite conversation in a nice restaurant."
76561198388846825,Recommended,460930,33756227,Posted: 23 July,all,McMeowMeow,not a bad game. the map is very big and theres lots to do. I can see where some people have said about it being repetative. but i would still recommended it to a friend
76561198174649103,Recommended,460930,30404548,Posted: 9 March,all,Buzzz933,it keeps crashing and ive got all of the specs needed to play but it keeps crashing. help would be nice.
76561197995735877,Recommended,460930,30402663,Posted: 8 March,all,Iseeyou2,"Very good game (story, gameplay, open world), needs a LOT of polishing though.7/10"
76561198376642656,Recommended,460930,30941091,Posted: 4 April,all,DeadlyKillah,"Excellent game. In full control of missions, gameplay, equipment, driving, flying, shooting and many more"
,Recommended,460930,30408974,Posted: 9 March,all,Aegon Stargaryen,"Best game to Co Op with friendsIf you have friends who also bought this game, then this will be a experience of a lifetime. Otherwise don't bother with playing with AI team mates, because it becomes boring.Graphics and visuals are top notchThe devs have beautifully recreated Bolivia and its true beauty. Sometimes you just want to stop killing sicarios and watch in awe the awesome landscape.Replayability and PvP (coming soon)There are so many ways to complete each and every mission that it feels new everytime. Also, competitive multiplayer is coming soon.N.B. If you have a potato PC, don't bother buying this game."
76561198141747486,Recommended,460930,30915908,Posted: 2 April,all,Ekka,"Great open world game. Very demanding on graphics cards, recommend GTX 1070 and up"
76561197963584381,Not Recommended,460930,31050155,Posted: 9 April,all,Iconoclast,"This game has fun, strategic combat and is beautiful, but is shallow in terms of story and progression. This game is basically ""Liberate Far Cry 3's outposts: the game"". It's a big open world where you go around and clear enemies out of each and every blip on the map, usually with some sort of objective attached: Steal the helicopter, blow up the mortars, stop the convoy, all which you're told is getting you closer to taking down the big boss. I was not made to care about the characters, essentially because there aren't any aside from the Big Bad.After 10 hours of this I became bored. Full disclosure: I play solo or with randoms online, so maybe the value that I get from the game isn't as much as it would be for someone who played with friends, but I cannot recommend this game at 60 dollars when there are so many others that offer much more replayability for less money."
76561198201727210,Recommended,460930,31094197,Posted: 12 April,all,Kama Pulya FSB,MMMM ♥♥♥♥ing great
76561198019035889,Recommended,460930,31126024,Posted: 13 April,all,bassaly,"This game is amazing. You probably need a good gear (I use a GTX 1080), but if you do you get the best graphics in PC gaming ever. The game runs smoothly in 60fps at max. settings (which really blow you away in terms of graphics quality).About the game play: There is nothing special about the story. But hack, what do you expect?Pros:- The graphics. It is stunning. Must see. It is worth the money for just enjoying the various landscapes. Or wet grounds when it rains - unbelievable. It is amazing that after all the years of gaming there is still potential for such huge steps.- Gameplay: Nothing special at all but the elements of gaming collaborate fine. It is fun to work yourself through the vast amount of enemy installments. And your team mates are fun.- Atmosphere: You  really feel like being in a foreign country.- Stability: I have not occurred a single bug in my almost 30 hours of game play, so I do not know what some people are whining about.- Vehicles: Planes and helicopters are pure arcade style and have weird controls. But the cars are awesome. Driving feels really good.Cons:- It is a Third Person Shooter actually. If this was First Person, it would have been even better. I do not know why people develop Third Person at all.- Controls: It is console-like. There are always two things that destroy good controls: a) Turning: You can not turn on the spot but your turns are set into the charcter's movement. This means: The character first finishes a step before doing the turn. This makes you missing dors and stairways and is simply anoying. Have the devs never playes a game like Doom? What is the problem about instant control? b) Interaction with the environment: Nothing more silly than being able to jump at certain spots, only. What is this? Whenever I hit the jump-key, I want the guy to jump - even on a plain road!- And then there is a special issue about controls that drives me mad: When shooting, the character needs to lift the gun and aim, first. As a result there is a lag between the mouse click and the shot. This is fine for a military simulation. But in a game? Are you kidding me? When clicking the mouse I expect the shot right away. Lags and delays are always game killers. ALWAYS - no matter for what good reason.- Game: The Unidat Soilders are crap. They are kind of a harder enemy fraction. But just for the reason that they do not exhaust. Once you alerted them, reinforcements come in endlessly. Not good.Bottom line: If you like shooters, you definetly must have this because it takes PC gaming to another level of graphics quality. You need to play it for a while to really see all the varaity. And gameplay itself is quite cool so you will not regret it."
76561198101741990,Not Recommended,460930,31614695,Posted: 7 May,all,Zo-Zu,"Just don't buy this game, use your money on something that would hurt your brain less like drugs and such"
,Not Recommended,460930,31759280,Posted: 14 May,all,Razcora,"Horribly buggy, large but empty map and dull story line."
76561198052645186,Recommended,460930,30404385,Posted: 8 March,all,TreeStump,"Excellent game. Apart from the odd bug here and there, the game truly is a spectacle of beauty. This game has to be the most dense open world game I have ever seen in terms of foliage and general scenery. I played a little of the beta and wasn't too immpressed. But I don't know why, but the full release and unrestriction actually helpes you feel what the game is like. The map is huge, and I mean huge ;). For the money you won't be dissapointed, you're getting a truly solid open world game which has a beautiful world and great story."
76561198076437125,Recommended,460930,31420033,Posted: 28 April,all,36Geeks_ZA,"The game has its flaws, but which game doesn't. It's a beautifull open world worthy of 2017! Driving machanics need work but its adaptable. Gameplay is rewarding and enjoyable. There is little replay value once you unlocked all the skills and XP cap is at 30, but now at least now the developers have introduced Seasons and Season Chalanges. They are a nice way to get back into the game, however, chalanges themself are little too easy. Unfortunately there are no leaderboards in Seasons like you find in Diablo 3. With the price of the game reduced 20% it's worth checking it out if you have't done it already. I am really enjoying this title and i am optimistic updates will improve the game over time."
76561198035840147,Recommended,460930,31422816,Posted: 28 April,all,Slamough,"To be honest, the amount of enjoyment you'll get out of this game depends primarily on how much you can tolerate Ubisoft's open world formula. If you don't really like your average open world game, then you won't enjoy this game at all. To get this out of the way early, I really enjoyed this game, even though I went through solo. I also haven't played the  DLC, and seeing the current reviews on it, I have no intentions of looking at it. As such, this review will be purely based on the base game.I'll get my criticisms out of the way first. First of all, mission variety is quite lacking. Most of the missions you'll do are either: a) interrogate an individual, b) blow some things up, or c) hold out against waves of enemies, or d) any combination of the aforementioned mission types. After about 10 hours in, I felt like I had experienced all the different kinds of missions the game would throw at me, which left a bit of a sour taste in my mouth early on. This leads into my second point: the beginning of the game is an absolute slog. You have practically no customization to work with in terms of weapons, and you may find yourself lacking firepower in many situations, especially when you first go toe-to-toe with Unidad. I spent quite a lot of time finding the gear that I wanted, which I would end up using for the entire game. And finally, my last major point of criticism: some of the side missions can be outright cheap, especially for solo players. I was never a fan of how combat was centered around cover, but some missions required you to protect an immobile object that was completely exposed at all angles, which is essentially the Rebel Radio side missions in a nutshell. I guess Ubisoft really wanted to drive home the concept of exploring a vast world with other players, but making certain missions excessively difficult for single players is not the way to do it.Now, onto the stuff that I liked about the game. Easily my favorite feature was the return of the gunsmith. The amount of options you have available (when you unlock them, of course) kept me going back in almost every 10 minutes just to tweak my weapons to further suit my playstyle until I found the perfect build for me. The fact that the game lets players, for the most part, play the game however they want can be very appealing to a number of people, myself included. My only problem with it is, as stated before, the fact that you have so little to work with when you start the game. Another high point for me was the late game, the part where you get all the equipment you want and your skills are all coming into check. You have significantly more variety in how to approach missions, and all the creative ways you can use your gadgets can make even the most mundane tasks somewhat interesting.Although I may not have as many strong points as weak points, I still enjoyed this game more than I thought I would. So, is it a good game? Sure, I'd say it's pretty solid, as long as you can get past whatever bad impressions the game leaves at the beginning. Would I consider this to be a Game of the Year title? No, far from it. As much as I like the game, it's still extremely flawed in its design. This is not a game everyone can enjoy, and I believe I really only liked it as much as I did because I can tolerate the AAA open world formula that we've come to expect nowadays. That's essentially the question that it all boils down to if you want to get this game: Do you like open world games? If so, then this is worth a shot. If not, then don't even bother with this game."
,Recommended,460930,30716535,Posted: 24 March,all,Ephemeral,"Sniper CHECKPistol CHECKDrone CHECKEnemies MARKEDGHOST'S NOW ON THE HUNT.Seriously though, this game is hella fun. Especially if you play with a full team of friends. This game is so tactic that it makes you feel rewarded when you complete the mission. You can solo each mission, but with longer duration due to AI allies being a little bit stupid. Nonetheless, they can sometime do some amazing shots. Try to do roleplay with your team with all them military jargon and all of that."
76561198007032272,Recommended,460930,30492695,Posted: 13 March,all,Kingdark,"I've been 'sitting on the fence' about this game ever since it was announced. It never really impressed me nor did it have any features that got my attention. When the game went into that short public beta, I watched a lot of gameplay footage and again, it didn't impress me. So. Why then did I buy it anyway?Well, several reviewers claimed that you couldn't -shouldn't- play it as a singleplayer game. That was a VERY big reason for me NOT to buy it. I don't DO multiplayer. Because well.. Let's just say that I got burned a few times when I was younger and leave it at that. It's not important anyway.Anyway, I was watching a person from th Netherlands play the game on his own and he had no problems in doing so. The A.I companions did weird things on occasion but they helped you out and were fairly accurate in their shooting. So the reviewers who claim that the A.I companions suck are just plain wrong. With seven hours so far, I can say with confidence that I have tested this game well enough to be a fair judge about that.I mean, SURE, playing with other humans allows for more complicated tactics. You can't order your companions to scout the base out. You have to do that yourself. With human companions on the other hand you can discuss tactics live and everything will go much smoother. So, even though you CAN play the game in singleplayer, I think that it would be a lot of fun doing so with other humans. That being said, I will keep playing it in in single player.There is still one more issue I have with the game. well, several actually but I want to get the BIG one out of the way first.The missions get boring after a while. It always comes down to the same thing over and over again. steal a helicopter? scout the base, take out the guards, take helicopter BOOM done.Steal a plane? scout the base, take out the guards, take plane, LAND plane BOOM done.Need a blueprint/papers/something else? to steal? scout base, kill guards, steal target, BOOM done.That's what its all about essentially. The same thing over and over again.  Then there is the fact that Ubisoft got really cheap with the voice actors. You're hearing that SAME line OVER and OVER and OVER and over again and don't get me started on that BEEP BEEP BEEP radio. I do not want to listen to the bloody music so give me the damn option to turn it off permenantly. If I want to listen to it, I'll turn it on.A bit earlier I was playing and I got myself stuck in a ravine pit of some sort. I couldn't get out. Okay, I thought, just thrown a grenade and boom you're dead and it'll be a reload right? NOPE. No such luck.A mortar strike then perhaps? Surelyt hat would kill me AND the A.I companions right? NOpe. no such luck again.So a suicide button would be very helpful indeed.Then there are the absolutely TERRIBLE car/helicopter/boat/car/plane/vehicle controls. Seriuously, it's like they haven't made a game before that had cars, planes, helicopters or boats. It's ridiiclous how the cars stick to the ground and that they are slipping all the time. EVEN WHEN IT IS STORMING!Despite all of this, I had a lot of fun with my game experience so far. Just know that this game has got some... Quirks I suppose I should call it that could make you decide not to buy it. Do as I do and watch plenty of reviews and gameplay footage.Kingdark"
,Not Recommended,460930,30688411,Posted: 23 March,all,B0X,"I've played for about 15 hours of the Gold Edition. It's fun when you're just starting, but it gets repetitive. What's funny is that playing single player seems to be the best option for this open-world, 4 player co-op tactical, solid snakin' game. A problem I really dislike in Ubisoft games now is that you can't kill civilians, now I know you're thinking im a homicidal maniac, but no, I am not. I'm fine when the AI is like, ""You dumbass, that was an average Joe,"" But it takes to so much as a crime that It auto game-overs you after like 3 civs are dead. I hate the fact that the developers are forcing us to play the game ""Their Way"". Last  time I checked, I thought players could have free roam within the game. There are alot of problems witihin gameplay, such as when sprawling on the floor you tend to get stuck on little rocks and are unable to move, when your vehicle explodes and you're in it, it spawns you under the car and no one can revive you. Some of the side missions are flat out impossible, and when playing with friends, it turns into a tilt/salt/pepper/mad house."
76561198034643586,Not Recommended,460930,31372847,Posted: 26 April,all,de Paashaas,A really big openworld yet so boring after a couple of hours.Story is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game for a lot of money
,Not Recommended,460930,33163598,Posted: 2 July,all,Pacman's Gran Fury,"As any other UBI Soft game of late: badly optimized, boring and repetitive gameplay, but somewhat nice graphics. Want a very similar game, but that actually works good and looks great? Far Cry 4. Want a nearly identical game that's actually fun? Just Cause 3."
76561198241998144,Recommended,460930,30370141,Posted: 7 March,all,StealthKingGG,"Played the beta loved it . Runs Smoothly with Ultra Graphics,They are Amazing"
,Recommended,460930,30376863,Posted: 7 March,all,R6,Best Uplay Game Ever to be release without any sort of problems
,Not Recommended,460930,30422234,Posted: 10 March,all,Grimkragg,"The game is mildly entertaining at first if you can look past all the bugs but degrades into a boring mmo grind like experience. Its a typical ubisoft open world game just like farcry, there is literally no variety in the zones or missions. Every zone breaks down into finding 4 pieces of intel on the map which opens up 4 subsequent missions which then unlocks the ""boss"" of the zone. Every one of these missions is exactly the same ( take pics of documents, kill a person or escort or tail a person) so it becomes a chore by mid game and by late game you will have done these same things around 90 times plus with the same enemy models, voice actors and a terrible difficulty scale.Bottom line the game is a incredbily sloppy buggy mess that for an open world feels on rails."
76561198174877506,Recommended,460930,31170249,Posted: 15 April,all,aNoMaLy/ skinhub.com,fun with friends and even better once you realize the ai is good
,Not Recommended,460930,32152628,Posted: 3 June,all,Joram,"Unless you're willing to spend €60 for a game that is unfinished, has old bugs that never get fixed and only has repetitive gameplay. Then I can recommend this game to you. If not, then don't get this game"
76561198074339958,Recommended,460930,31339490,Posted: 24 April,all,Nymeria,"So you're the leader of a squad consisting of 3 other operatives. You're considered to be the 'best' America has to offer, so you start preparing for a mission by selecting the right gear (e.g. wearing ghillie suits and the right camouflage etc) and all is going well until one of your elite AI operatives thinks its a good idea to take cover in front of an enemy.Another thing that bugs me is that this is a 2017 game, but there isn't a jump button. So your elite operative should be more afraid of a bunch of rocks in his way than a group of enemies.But all these don't make this game a bad one. The pros outweigh the cons, so I'd say it's definitely worth the time and money."
,Recommended,460930,30381982,Posted: 7 March,all,WλR HOG 419,This one UBISOFT got right!They took the best elements of their Tom Vlancy (may he R.I.P.) games and created a prety damn good game.PROS:Graphics are amazing on ULTRA settings with solid frame rates.Being able to do what missions when and how you want are great!Controls are smooth!They have 5.11 [+] gear!Completly customize your toon and guns! ( down to triger systems)DECENT:AI is decent not the best but not the worst.CONS:not enough time in the day to play it!
,Recommended,460930,30497646,Posted: 13 March,all,press1forhelp,"I was pleasantly surprised with this game. At first, I was very skeptical, being Ubisoft and all... and the first couple of days after release I was disappointed, but with the release of the latest update and drivers it finally runs great. Getting 60+ fps on the very high preset with my gtx 1070. I wouldn't call this game a masterpiece by any means, but it definitely is a fun game with tons of content!"
76561198034813309,Recommended,460930,30498452,Posted: 13 March,all,BC22,"Day/Night cycle is around an hour in real time = an in-game 24 hours. Vehicle tips at the bottom.TL;DR Great, but I'd buy this only if I had the right mindset, something akin to action/stealth/patience in varying amounts, and friends (or in my case, matchmaking aquantances and friends). You can find great co-op players in matchmaking but its not guaranteed.The second patch makes the game and gameplay much better!Use matchmaking for max fun and max frustration. 65% chance of ""aggressive,"" teammates, but if you find some guys who want tactics and or stealth, the game becomes something more.I had a moment where I was about to steal some submarine plans when a guy I knew from the closed beta showed up. We went over tactics, talked about who would clear what and when, and decided to wait until nightfall. We sat there for almost 20 minutes in the field talking about the beta, what we liked, didn't like, ghillie suit bush monsters, etc. The fog and rain rolled in at dusk, and we were set. Then I guy I friended earlier that day popped in.“No Battle Plan Survives Contact With the Enemy,” but in my case the two guys had different play styles, full stealth/tactical vs aggresive silence. We took the base but not until after we pumped the brakes on ""our"" assault, discovered 2 minute enemy AI respawns if you don't take the whole base, and rebels show up if you take one part of the base but take too long, triggering the rest of the base. Speaking of which, there aught to be a more selective enemy AI, just because rebels attacked doesn't mean the enemy should know where the ""ghosts"" are in the area.I love the gunplay, the gameplay, clothing/weapon customization, and the map (its' a feast for the eyes).The enemy can be dumb (ignoring dead bodies) or intelligent (flanking, surrounding, grenading) at times,the unidad choppers ruin my mission almost everytime they show up, and speaking of which, camoflage doesn't seem to count for much. I CAN'T STRESS HOW MUCH I HATE ENEMY HELICOPTERS.They fixed it! You can be sneaky around helis!Teammate AI is clunky but if you are on the ball with your commands they can be very useful in clearing areas. I somtimes catch them having staring contests with enemy AI, two feet from each other, then the enemy fires and the ally just eats the lead.Abandon all hope ye who can't fly the helicopters and drive the cars. Having played both the closed beta and open beta I got used to how the vechicles handle. Both helicopers and cars don't work like modern games. If I had to say what they do handle like, it almost like GTA 4. They have momentum, you ""swing"" the heli forward until you see the camera shift indicating a built up forward momentum. The cars have weight but have wacky unexpected torque and bounce a bit, so a quick break before a turn with a nudge towards the direction you want, milisecond pause, full turn, helps. I enjoyed the motorcycle/dirt bike implementation, swinging your body to change direction.2500K@4.5 GTX 970@1500 16GB RamUltra on all settings but High Textures: 30-50fps (w/hud 20-40fps) 1080pWith Patch  2: 30-40fps 1440p"
,Not Recommended,460930,33270801,Posted: 5 July,all,OldManFromPripyat,"Repetitive missions , the game is good but i dont pay high price for this game."
76561197983952246,Not Recommended,460930,30911777,Posted: 2 April,all,Bella,Seems like the Ubisoft art team made another very pretty game. It is just sad that the rest of the ubisoft team is so bad at making anything that is interesting or fun. Game after game that these guys put out are so bad but they sure do look pretty.
76561198018453359,Recommended,460930,30497460,Posted: 13 March,all,Mr.Melon™,I love the game best moment is when i called in a car to see a civilian steal it
,Not Recommended,460930,30498839,Posted: 13 March,all,Spuds Mcrubs,This game punishes you for not playing co-op by giving impossible protection missions and poor AI team-mates that do not cover you at all. Dialogue is cringe. Gameplay gets repetitive so quickly. Buy on sale.
76561198148715779,Recommended,460930,30499039,Posted: 13 March,all,Supreme,if you love blowing up♥♥♥♥♥♥this is your game.
76561198087922952,Recommended,460930,30499186,Posted: 13 March,all,Saint,"Fantastic and well made game.  Fun both online and solo, but you have to adjust play style for each.  Looking forward to the expansions"
,Recommended,460930,30486574,Posted: 13 March,all,Karsij'17',Well what can I say.- This is a well an truly beautiful game great to explore- This has definitley entertained me without a doubt- Its great that you can switch between 1st and 3rd person view at anytime- Biggest map of any game I have played and it was great!- All missons we're great- CO-OP experience is fun asfPros:Get to choose your gender/race :DGreat story lineFlight/Vehicle controls are easy to use and understandCharacter customisationWeapon customisationFlag PackCons:Small bugs and glitches eh every now and then but hardly notice the effectBuying currency to than spend it on gun packs and equipments packsSometimes I'll spawn my car and it'll drop on my head and kill me.. xDAi's are sometimes annyoing when getting spotted at bs timesOverall game 9/10 <3
76561198168400947,Recommended,460930,30491621,Posted: 13 March,all,Cage,Excellent game! If you love tactical stealth TPS games then this is for you! I suppose if you wanted to throw your reproductive organs in a blender you could play For Honor. This game is amazing.
,Not Recommended,460930,31840719,Posted: 19 May,all,Phlebas,Chauffer dumb AI teammates in a big beautiful open world simulator
,Not Recommended,460930,32784808,Posted: 25 June,all,Gormaul,The most boring Tom Clancy's yet.
76561198034030213,Recommended,460930,33747310,Posted: 23 July,all,LeMorice,Great game!
,Not Recommended,460930,34984651,Posted: 15 September,all,ace milkman keith,worst $60 ive ever spent
76561197996933259,Not Recommended,460930,34925259,Posted: 13 September,all,Z3US,Repetitive as hell.
,Recommended,460930,30378256,Posted: 7 March,all,RedemptiionZz,Game is great! Still some features i would have liked to have been implemented however the few small faults are completely overshadowed by everything else.
76561198088675354,Recommended,460930,30379019,Posted: 7 March,all,MonsteR6,The game is a lot of fun but the story and the way the game plays is almost identical to Just Cause 3 (which i put a lot of time in).
,Recommended,460930,30379415,Posted: 7 March,all,☻╬♦Wojtak♦╬☻,Despite the mess of a Beta this game is AWESOME! i had so much fun just in the first 90 mins. would totally reccomend this to anyone who can run it well. [I run a 1060 6GB at high settings 60 fps]
,Recommended,460930,30379817,Posted: 7 March,all,JohnGotti,"Guys... Seriously Listen!I think we hit a milestone with future gaming. Boys nd Girl there is only one thing i can tell you about Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands, If you can afford this title then you will just have to get it as quick as possible!I dident want to let myself go on the hype before release just to be sure and safe not to be sad or disapointed when my expectations for the hype where not met at release...This time i think they realy nailed it. Alot of toughts and talents went into this jewel of a game. With my 20+ years of experience this is a title you have to give a try. Thanks alot Ubisoft for raising the bar once more. Signed a Happy Gamer."
,Recommended,460930,30378851,Posted: 7 March,all,Skryptec,"I've preordered the Gold edition of this game and it's worth it every single cent.This is a great game, I've only played the Beta for 1.5 hours and already preordered it.Now it has been released and I must say, this is one of the best games I've ever played.Pros:- Amazing graphics- Wide variety of character customizations- Massive open world to discover- Co-op is very fun- Lots of (side)missions to play- Crazy amount of optionsCons:- Bugs with AI movement and reviving- Weapon not showing in loadout, unable to preview the weapon and see how the paint looks like- Not so well optimizedOther than that, this is a very fun game. I recommend this game."
76561198003273310,Recommended,460930,30378859,Posted: 7 March,all,Ziohex,"Been playing all day with almost no issues. Love the blend between Far Cry, GTA, and your general FPS. Enjoying playing through the story and bouncing to different missions I want to do at the time. Definitely would recommend."
,Not Recommended,460930,30495975,Posted: 13 March,all,Data_Strand,"Extremely Boring, Arcadey and doesn't feel like a ghost recon"
,Recommended,460930,30378554,Posted: 7 March,all,Jabbawocky007,"It's like The Division's older, more successful doctor brother."
76561198043473987,Not Recommended,460930,32075219,Posted: 30 May,all,ソードマスター,"4/10 Singleplayer 7/10 with friends.You gotta put in effort to have fun, because its ♥♥♥♥ing repetitive as♥♥♥♥♥♥But the set piece finale missions are awsome with mates.Gonna go finish it now.Not gonna buy the DLC its all standalone and rubbish"
,Not Recommended,460930,32656301,Posted: 22 June,all,juanchopancho,"This software is rubbish junk code. 160 games on steam, this is the only one that doesn't work on my PC. I can play the Division no problem. This POS I can't even run the Benchmark on low graphics settings, just hangs when trying to start mission.Re-installed the game and uplay several times, spent time on forums looking for solutions, tried everything no luck. All my drivers are up to date. Submitted a ticket to support, they were no help. i7 OC 4.5ghz, 1080GTX, 32GB RAM, resolution 1920x1080.Total junk"
,Recommended,460930,30481861,Posted: 12 March,all,Chair Assault,"The updates fixed all of the problems. This is a solid badass game now.,"
,Recommended,460930,30469440,Posted: 12 March,all,[OGT] hi im Goat,"There's probably no better 4-person coop game out on the market right now. The game provides a gigantic map full of tools and ways to play within the map, the game is as replayable as your imagination will allow. Eventually your sessions will devolve into everyone throwing grenades at eachother.10/10 Bolivian liberty simulator"
76561198081533272,Recommended,460930,30376058,Posted: 7 March,all,lil chop,Love this game !
,Not Recommended,460930,30516057,Posted: 14 March,all,R1ven,"Pretty average shooter.Gunplay and customisation is good, but its let down by all of the typical shortcomings of an Ubisoft game:The vehicles are awful. Either incredibly unresponsive or too twitchy.Helicopter controls are awful, making it impossible to use them as the offensive weapons the game wants them to be.AI is awful. Enemies switch between being brain dead or having bionic vision and headshotting you through walls.Story and missions are utterly forgettable. Couldnt tell you the name of the gang i'm trying to stop, or their boss. Not a lot of variety in the mission formats either.All in all, Ubisoft have just churned out another average game without any thought or ingenuity. This is essentially Far Cry 4 in 3rd person.I have only played in multiplayer with 2 friends and the game is certainly much better with friends. If I had to play solo I would have gotten a refund."
76561198005288135,Recommended,460930,30384888,Posted: 7 March,all,p30pl3h4t3m3,"Casual ""Ubisoftish"" CIA & Delta Force Operator Wannabe Simulator Sandbox with US Heroism Hollywood Action to ""Trump it Out"". But for that, it's good."
76561198098289084,Recommended,460930,30435168,Posted: 10 March,all,Heil the Führer,"This game has given me a reason to play Ubisoft games once again. Great job Ubisoft Paris, you've made a fun, new, dynamic game that I will recommend to anyone who is curious about it."
76561198060555825,Recommended,460930,30435491,Posted: 10 March,all,xX-Star1child-Xx,"Couldn't resist the Gold version, so I closed my eyes while hovering mouse over the Purchase button and muttered f#*@k it and took the plunge.This game is just superb, even legendary. Was initially put off from a handfull of begruntled reviews and some even refering to enemies as ""carboard cut-outs"", but can honestly say I do not know what the hell makes them see that.For me the game is everything, highly polished and executed well. It's vast open world, graphically divine, superb features, amazing sound effects with some of the best gun and bullet impact sounds I've heard. Campain Co-op is a scream and dificulty is as hard as you set it to be. Levelling up is great without any serious grinding.Finally after many years I've found the game I've been looking for and this is a milestone since Goldeneye (showing my age) and what that game did for it's time back then on the N64.Naturally there's always going to be some bugs for any game at release, but nothing that ruins gameplay at the moment. I hope the upcoming updates don't ruin or break anything.After tweaking some setting, i.e. graphics on Very High preset instead of Ultra (running on GTX 1080), res on 1080p, V-sync 'on' and more important than setting v-sync in the game options is to fire-up NVIDIA Control Panel and force V-Sync 'on' (full 'on' and not half refresh nor fast refresh or any other alternative). After restarting game a couple of times it's then rock solid smooth at 60fps.Sure the game has similarities to other similarly large world environment games because theyr'e also shooters, they also have bad guys, they also have a large assortment of weapons which you can grind to unlock more stuff. But this one just stands out slightly above the others in terms of certain nice little touches, features, graphics, sounds, atmospere, location & environment setting and much more that you can't quite put a finger on but is there and is appreciated all the same."
76561198059483206,Recommended,460930,30429498,Posted: 10 March,all,Riggs,"This is a great game, although it is horribly optimized for pc. I've spent rediculous amount of time waiting for the menu, map, and inventory to load. I've been frozen in place while driving. Fps drops aren't too common though. This game is amazing. The map is detailed and beautiful, there are many customization options for both character and weapons. Taking down enemies feels so satisfying. The problem is really just the optimization. The game runs like crap.TLDR; I'd recommend this game after a few patches. It has a lot of potential, but is limited by so many technical flaws."
76561198132250414,Recommended,460930,30524922,Posted: 15 March,all,ThatRandomGamer,"This game right here, is amazing fun. Huge map to explore, lots of collectables to get, stealth feels great, although stealth does have its odd questionable moment.The guns feel amazing too, although the bullet drop off is huge for some reason, and the bullet velocity is laughably slow, sometimes i feel like i could drive a car faster than my sniper round can hit a guy from afar, maybe its to give the impression of massive range between you and a target if you are sniping? who knows. The visual asthetics of the guns is what amazes me, the paint get sworn down as you use them, andthey you have to go to your loadout to clean them and respray them to make them look all nice and pretty again. A welcome little detail there.The visuals, oh my god, they are godlike, possibly the best looking game imo to date. which is probably the reason for the optimization issues when you first load the game up, sometimes my friend will drop to 2 fps out of no where for at least 4-5 seconds, then go straight back up to 40-60.Also, this game makes you and your squad feel like you have distinct roles so to speak. For example, one of my friends uses the drone to spot people whilst we take them all out, my other friend likes to stealth in close quarters with a silenced pistol or assault rifle. Where as me, i like to get a silenced sniper, and sniper from like 100 metres + away from the base, although the troublesome bullet velocity and drop off can make sniping an issue, but in a way makes the game feel more realistic than if it had no drop off., and if you can get used to it, its fine in the end.The lines in which your characters have between each other is amazing, for example, my friend when he uses his drone, his character will say sometimes say, for example ""small group of tangos over by that stack of tires"" or "" spotted a tango over by the church"" or ""sniper over there in the sniper tower""  The level of detail is amazing here and in the game in general, just wish they would spend less time on these little features and more time on polishing the damn game, which i will briefly go over later on.The story isnt really much to be hold here, just the stereotypical drug cartel who have taken over bolivia, and its your teams job to take them down, by taking El Sueno's (yeah, thats his name) entire cartel down, one leader at a time, but like i said above, this game is so fun that you will forget the story by maybe the second of third area.Now to the bad stuff. UNIDAD. (bolivias military force) You will learn to hate these ♥♥♥♥ers, as they are everywhere. Whether it be in the middle of the desert, forest, or in a small village, they will find you no matter what, and when they do.  OH BOY this is where it gets interesting. They.just.wont.stop. You can lose site of them after a fight, no matter where you go they will go straight to your location (although they've y'know, lost sight of you). Its also like they have a cloned army race or something because they never stop spawning, and they all look the f*ucking same. I was sat in an underground bunker, waiting for them to ♥♥♥♥ off, and when i resurfaced, around 1 or 2 minutes later, they were still on me, and i counted, 17 trucks full of them just waiting to pounce.I wouldnt mind UNIDAD if their helos werent so frequent in flying overhead of me and my squad.Now onto the final, and worst thing of all. Glitches.There is so many of them (its a ubisoft game, duh.) Going from the crazy unoptimization when you first load up, to having all your sound cut off when ever a grenade explodes. Ive also had instances where me and my squad would get in a car, and on my friends end, he would be in the car, but on everyone else game, he would be stood next to it, and as we drove off, he would constantly be smashing into the side of our vehicle, although hilarious, it still shouldnt happen. I would love to list off all the glitches in this game, but i dont think i can put that many characters in this review.Another glitch, although it isnt a glitch, its just UBI being stupid, the game tells you what areas you can find weapons and their attatchments, but some of them are located wrongly in game, so you have to look on a wiki to find where the damn thing is.Whilst this game does have problems like the hundred of glitches, UNIDAD, it is still a huge amount of fun to playIn my eyes, all they have to do is maybe make UNIDAD a little less persistant, fix the glitches, then this game is golden, and because of its current state, im giving it a 7/10, but without all these glitches and issues, it would easily have been a 9/10.Just good'ol ubisoft not polishing their games properly before release and rushing them out the door asap."
,Not Recommended,460930,31989098,Posted: 26 May,all,Exo_Jacket,So much potential lost.  Look at the most recent Developer Q and A.
,Recommended,460930,30486837,Posted: 13 March,all,(ROK)GuhMunny,"I haven't completed the game yet but so far after almost 40 hours of play I'm happy with my preorder purchase and can say that I got my money's worth out of the game.  Playing on a triple monitor set up, the game is beautiful on max settings.  I think the game has the potential to have a lot of great extra content added into the game in the future."
,Recommended,460930,30627793,Posted: 19 March,all,Via Kris,This I a pretty good game not perfect but a fun sandbox to play with friends and random people. Maybe wait for a sale if you are not fully into the idea of this game.EDIT/Update:This game rocks! The more I play the more I like it. I have currently beaten the main game and have started into the tier system. A+ Game
,Recommended,460930,30626551,Posted: 19 March,all,mr majones,"The best game that has come out in years. Map is huge, customization is endless, and you have many options on how you want to complete missions.The only issues are some minor glitches, very few game-breaking, but I guess thats the price for such a huge and rich game. Oh, and you need to play this with a friend or three.9/10"
,Recommended,460930,30643878,Posted: 20 March,all,Memesman,Like GTA mixed with COD. So much fun!
,Recommended,460930,30711860,Posted: 24 March,all,Lil.Bread | Yung.Yeast,Put C4 on your car and drive into people.
76561198166215708,Not Recommended,460930,30478858,Posted: 12 March,all,Kuro Foxx,"Soo many FPS drops in wide open spaces, not even crappy villages that are the same across the entire map. But they still drop there too. Game constently freezes for no reason. Explosions are on some kind of delay. So cars, helis, anything else will just randomly explode minutes after while still shooting at you like nothing happen. The fact i can't customize my A.I teammates is ridiculous in 2017. So when im in a snowy area im in all white, but my  ***hats A.I teammates are in random outfits that dont blend at all. Maybe i want a sniper guy or a shotgun guy? NOPE, too bad. They just use whatever weapon will work at the distance they are to a target. Plus theres like 5 lins of dialog between them?! i've heard the same dumb jokes over and over for 15+ hours. Only good thing is the weapson smith, but whats the point with no PVP. All my weapons are OP with one shot killing everyone, even ""BOSSES"". Air quotes. Cuase they are just normal idot A.I that say a few lines of dialog but die in one shot!? AWESOME. MY game has crashed 3 times for no reason, even with all my settings on LOW and every other graphic option turned off. Man F this game. DONT BUY. Even after they patch the game. GO buy Conan...at least there you can make your D*** big and F*** Hoes."
76561198079571026,Recommended,460930,30419662,Posted: 9 March,all,-*[GoD][+evil+Godlike]*-,Loves !!
,Recommended,460930,30644176,Posted: 20 March,all,DirtyGrandpa,"Being a fan of FarCry 4, the co-op in it was fun but was disconnected in terms of doing any story progression.  Yes, this game is very reminscant to FarCry but it has the co-op done right!   There's A LOT to do in this game; I don't regret the purchase and continue to play it for hours on end!"
76561197970680531,Not Recommended,460930,32057605,Posted: 30 May,all,Krassimir,"Sadly it gets boring far too quickly, it's too repetative :("
76561198207811880,Not Recommended,460930,31809051,Posted: 17 May,all,Daddy Warbucks,"It gives a lot of action but leaves a lot to be desired. Helicopter controls are abysmal. Enemy Patrols sprout up like flies out of nowhere. No mission recap or downtime, steady run and gun. I was hoping for more depth, better flight, better mission planning and analysis. I would not buy it again."
76561198149414589,Recommended,460930,30731236,Posted: 25 March,all,Doge Stan,"Every time approaching enemy bases:-Starts off with stealth-Your AI teammates decide to casually walk straight in without cover-You watch them run straight into the enemies-&quot♥♥♥♥♥♥we are spotted"" (no♥♥♥♥♥♥Sherlock!)-Ends up with gun blazingSo yeah the AIs in this game are not the smartest... Other than that it's a fantastic game to play with friends."
76561198006696752,Recommended,460930,30572712,Posted: 17 March,all,Knife70,"Take the ancient Ghost Recon back from year 2001, remove all the dust, and add:- 16 years of game technical improvements- open world dynamics- huge areas- very bad guys- basic RPG character progression- vehicle interaction (yes you can drive almost everything)- other greatest hits game dynamics…Shake them all together.The result is the Ghost Recon I am waiting for almost 10 years.  It’s not perfect, but it is a great game indeed.If you loved the old one, you cannot miss this one."
,Recommended,460930,30403510,Posted: 8 March,all,[TLR] Pow-Pow (Mewtine),"Great Game, but incredibly buggy, if I change regions too fast while driving/flying I freeze in time can can rotate my camera around me still, autosaving happens constantly at first start up of the time your pc first turns on, and finally sometimes textures and enemies won't render in at all.Still a great game though."
76561198145416767,Recommended,460930,30479157,Posted: 12 March,all,theobasss,This game is FULL of bugs! I know it has just come out but I have NEVER in my intire LIFE played a game this buggy. half of the time im playing the game is frozen frozen but I can still look around so I dont think it is because its lagging. The bugs are REALLY ruining this game! I like the game but there are just too many bugs!
,Recommended,460930,32044346,Posted: 29 May,all,Step Pappy,"TC's Ghost Recon: Wildlands is flawed, but it's a good game. It's very fun, being able to jump out of helicopters, scout out and snipe hostiles, chasing enemy vehicles, fighting off enemy reinforcements, taking down enemy compunds, killing entire bases with your hands without being detected. Pretty much anything you wanted to buy the game for makes it good, besides the story. The story is lackluster for sure. It had to be barebones to allow players to play the missions in any order they wanted, but i would have rather had side missions in every provinence and played the story in order to allow better story construction. The endings are dissapointing; they are practrically the same, with the difference at the very end. Further into the cons of the game... Vehicle movement is a bit weird feeling, but it works fine. You can't customize the AI which can kinda mess with your immersion. There is no interaction with civillians in the game, however every now and then a rebel will thank you for your contribution in their fight.I just wish you could play some soccer with a bolivian kid, or at least have them chase you around like in AC 3. Lastly, the Yeti. This was something I was so hyped about. My friend and I were so excited to find this thing. To hunt it down, or to find that it was hunting us. I was ready to have to gun down a 12 foot beast. I was beyond dissapointed to find that this yeti was just a sniper with a white ghillie suit. Rockstar does a much better job with their yetis and squatches. I have finished the game, but I still find myself getting on to fight cartels. It's a really fun game and if you can get over these cons, I highly reccomend it."
76561198111838400,Not Recommended,460930,30407145,Posted: 9 March,all,SubZeroLA,"This game is terrible. It's unplayable. I have a better than average PC but even whilst browsing the menues, maps and building the character profiles the game frequently crashed. I couldn't even reach the car that's a mere 15m away from the start point of the first mission! How ridiculous is that??????!!!!!!!!Requesting a refund....."
76561198042011681,Recommended,460930,30728834,Posted: 25 March,all,Nerotik,This is the online coop game I've been waiting for :D Havent played single-player so I can't say if it's as fun as multiplayer but I doubt it.
76561198005625441,Recommended,460930,30626120,Posted: 19 March,all,Aral,Game has it's issues but all in all...nice game.
76561197993265812,Recommended,460930,30434845,Posted: 10 March,all,kevin.jones,"While Ghost Recon Wildlands has received decent reviews, I may never know if it's any good or not because it crashes 100% of the time at startup. I have a HP z800 workstation with dual X5670 Xeon hexacore processors at 2.93GHz, 24GB total system memory and an Nvidia Titan X (Pascal) video card. Everything is fully patched and using latest drivers. I suggest holding off on buying this game to see if the bugs get worked out.Update: Game stated working on the approx. eighth try. Pretty sweet game. With 225MHz GPU overclock, I get >55 FPS on Ultra at 2560 x 1600."
76561198152374588,Recommended,460930,30518899,Posted: 14 March,all,1823600gs09,"Great game, I would recomend if you like to play in the following ways.This game could be played as Grand theft auto/Farcry (or so I have been told)This is loud play style, driving cars off cliffs and the suchSuper Secret Stealth ModeTry and stealth the game as much as you can (melee kills)Stealth then ahh F*ck itStealth then finish loud (this can mean you are doing it just cause, or maybe you get sloppy and cought)(I do the above when I am playing with friends/ when I am tired)Combo playOr play a mixture of all of themI like to play as the following:You could play it like ArmaNo hud (or at least minimal), with highest difficulty, and mostly walk when out of combatOr do a combo of all of them. Do what you want man, You can do whatever you want it is a open world game after all.But whatever you hear from other people I enjoy the game, one can play it countless ways. Now one thing people overlook when they rate this game is that it has multiple saves 3 of them, which is great because then you can play the game with friends with one save and a solo play save, or you can have a family member or friend play another save if they want to try it out or play the game themself. Another thing others may overlook is that this game has amazing character customization, There are such a crazy amount of things you can customize your character with that most likely you will not see another player looking like yourslef unless they are copying the same look or something. The story might is great and means so much more if you play the game slow and liek the ""Arma style"" like I said before rather than the ""Run n' Gun"" playstyle where all you are looking for is a rush of adrenaline, then for you the story won't mean much because you won't remember much else than the rush of battle or driving off cliffs. Now that is not bad the way you play the game is totally up to you. Just don't complaine, if you don't remember the story or you say it is bad, because playing like makes it hard to remember much. In the end I enjoyed this game, both with a friend and solo, I would say pick it up, wait until it is on sale if you want."
76561197984883615,Not Recommended,460930,30436298,Posted: 10 March,all,,"This game crashes all the time. Typical Ubisoft game.I've done all the standard stuff, new drivers, game ready drivers, they patches the game today. All hardware meets posted requirements. Fresh reload of Windows 10 w/all patches.Nope, crash after 5 minutes of coop.Game has potential but once again crappy Q&A ruins it.NEVER AGAIN UBISOFT !!!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30436515,Posted: 10 March,all,Gunndar,"I bought this based on the ""Very Positive"" review score. Boy, was I wrong. I was able to get 75 minutes of in-game time logged, which is at best misleading, as I was mainly tweaking graphics options to get a smooth frame-rate. 1st mission, I attempted to join a friend for co-op, as soon as I enter combat, crash to desktop. I rejoined and was wowed by amazing desync issues such as this:http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/82593731705395215/D47E7045C06FA2DDE7B784F4FFCC40C3C16454ED/and this:http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/82593731705395599/9BE3C273A26C4E3342549374AB51069752BE37FE/Only to get about 3 minutes into the next combat area until the next crash to desktop. My rig more than meets specifications, tried w/ SLI on & off, graphics drivers up to date, etc. which are the only things Ubisoft seems to be pointing fingers at. Oddly enough, forums are stating people w/ these constant crashes began experiencing them after the most recent UBI patch (1.1.5).Safe to say my refund is pending & I'm hoping steam honors it. Don't do what I did & expect this to be functional due the the reviews. I will wait to it goes on sale in a year & then get it at a discount & play with friends if it's atill alive. Got me again UBI, you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Oh yeah, and buying in-game currency with real $ is a thing here. COMEON. What did you just sell for $60? Clash of Clans? Get bent UBI."
,Recommended,460930,30642285,Posted: 20 March,all,RektDoge,"Do not buy if you have two hard drives. The fixes online just dont work...You'll be wasting your money which could be better spent on midget strippers.As far as how the game plays, I'll let you know when they sort out their♥♥♥♥♥♥so I can start the thing.11/10 would spend 22 mins syncing save games with the cloud again."
76561198065317329,Not Recommended,460930,31589431,Posted: 6 May,all,Kazuri,"It can be fun but it has many issues. Its like they tried to combine ghost recon with GTA and failed horribly. The vehicle handling is terrible. The physics are glitchy and foliage can stop bullets, like a leaf, the teammates ai is just stupid and is only uesful for reviving if they dont forget to shoot the guy your downed near and get killed. The aircraft you cant really aim the weapons like the enemy can either. Combined with the crappyness of the dlc, save your money and get siege or osmething else."
76561198002933766,Recommended,460930,30622669,Posted: 19 March,all,#WengerOut,Great Game!
,Not Recommended,460930,30485011,Posted: 12 March,all,Smexy⋆,game was very easy. played with ai and solo the whole 5 skull bosses.was expecting more. wasted on a gold edition version >.<
,Not Recommended,460930,30485815,Posted: 12 March,all,Elyrien Valkyr,"Ubisoft making games is much like getting a Lotto ticket. You have no idea what to expect, and you put out a lot of cash hoping for something great. Scratch away, you get a 7! Sweet. Scracth again, ANOTHER 7 omg it might happen. Scratch a third time... ♥♥♥♥ING CHERRY GOD DAMN IT.  This is Ubisoft's design team in a nutshell. They do so much right, but when it finally comes to implimentation, they ♥♥♥♥ it up.Pros:It looks pretty, sometimes.The characters actually feel real and authentic for their rolesCombat feels rewarding, ie a bullet to the head actually kills people. (cough division)Stealth actually works, but suffers from serious Skyrim syndrome. (laying down makes you invizable for no reason)Cons:Vehicles - Did anyone in Ubisoft even play test this game? Vehicles are ♥♥♥♥ing horrible, and control like a boat thats got a rocket pack strapped to the sides, just tap the controls on some cars and they fly off the road. Literally no handling control.Team AI - This is seriously the most agregious♥♥♥♥♥♥on my list, the actual reason I voted this game down. No mater how good you are, how stealthy, acurate, intelegent you are, no matter what you do, these ♥♥♥♥ing idiots will always cause you to get caught. They will ruin every plan you ever make, and theres no way to get rid of them. Ubisoft clearly never learns a ♥♥♥♥ing thing. No one Ever likes this mechanic. I actively try to find players that are AFK and join their game so I can play solo.Load times- These load screens are actually about twice as long as Bloodborne's load times on launch. Let that sink in.Level loading - Every open world sandbox is made of several levels blended so you never notice the level change. This game tried and failed to do this. If you move too fast, the game ♥♥♥♥ing freezes. Players used to believe that this is because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t ""always online"" issue (if you dont have internet good luck playing) but no. You can move so fast in some vehicles the game cant even load fast enough to keep up.No. one. play. tested. this. game.Repitition - You will likely see all there is to offer in this game within the first 5 minutes of playtime.story- There isnt one. They tried to pull a skyrim, but all you get are horrible,♥♥♥♥♥♥writing sections where they hired a kid from starbucks to write a short story for 5 bucks. Seriously, the story is so disjointed because of the ""play in what ever order you want"" that there is zero story, zero attachment, and honestly if not for the CONSTANT reminder that these people are drug steriotypes, I would have forgotten what I was doing.Finally, the worst♥♥♥♥♥♥ right up there with the horrible AI teamates no one asked for.... COVERING THE SCREEN IN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. Seriously, who asks for this? I get hit,♥♥♥♥♥♥thrown on screen to show where, even though the minimap shows me exactly where they are. So theres 1. Constant and consecutive updates to missions, theres 2. If you complete a mission, regardless if people are currently shooting you, Literally 1/3 of your screen. Currently up to 40% of the screen taken up at one time. Taking damage because you can't see, now everything is grey.BUT WAIT, the same tutorial message that paused your game the last time you had this happen to you is back! hope you love seeing the same tutorial messages over and over, even though anyone who's ever played a game already knows all this♥♥♥♥♥♥ WHAT? bullets hurt? NO ♥♥♥♥ING WAY!So moral of the story, Ubisoft design team are ♥♥♥♥ing idiots with some good ideas, but have zero understanding of how to actually do them right."
,Not Recommended,460930,30561519,Posted: 16 March,all,Metroidfighter,"Good: The game looks nice, map is large. Lots of vehicals, and can be fun with friends.Bad: Buggy/glitchy vehicals, bad controls, ""for vehicals, and player.""I love driving up a mountain in a dually truck, offroad with a physic defing vehical. :PThe aircraft are just silly to ride. Your AI partners never shut up, and the voice acting is so freaking dry.The story is just a bore. Slow, and the voice acting makes it hard to sit through.The Ugly: The UI is ok.... Guns are really just for show, Look for more powerful ones, and you are good to go.The heli is the worst contols I've ever used in a game, I've played many games like ARMA/GTA.From arcade to sims, this is the worst heli controls I've seen in a AAA game.I also just hate Uplay. I have use Steam/GOG/Origin there great, this was a ball ache to set up.There interface is just so frustrating for me. Not every one will think so, but thats my feelings on it.The last that stuck in my craw was the repitive missions, not even a hour in we where doing the samemissions over and over and over and over..... You get the point, Two, and half hours in, I was so boredI wanted to cry. Even playing this with friends wasn't enough to save it for me.TL:DRThank you Valve for finaly getting refunds. I got my refund, so I can buy somthing I really can Injoy.Should you buy it? Maybe. If you can get past the repetive gameplay/voice acting/controls This is OK.I would wait for it to be on sale, and not to play it alone. Thank you for reading if you did."
,Recommended,460930,30631726,Posted: 20 March,all,Qoxonmafase,"TL;DR Excellent game with tons of content to enjoy.As of writing this, I am a solid 52 hours into the game and am only 73% done with all the missions, which doesn't count all the side activities, so there's quite a bit of stuff in the game to consume time. Here is a breakdown of Pro's and Con's:Pros:-Excellent sound design-Excellent graphics as well as pretty damn good scalability from lower end systems to higher end ones. If you shelled out the cash for a monster computer like I did, then you will definitely be rewarded with significant graphical fidelity.-Fantastic Open World Mechanics. What I mean by this is that you never feel punished for walking to a target area. Targets are spread out, but not so much that you can't talk a small walk to get there. Obviously fast travelling about is the easiest way to get to each region once they are unlocked, but there is a hell of a lot to find in the open including easter eggs.-Pretty good gunplay. There are some things I would have changed, but for the most part it more than gets the job done.-AI is pretty good for an open world game. If they see you and are alerted, they will flank you, use tactics to move up to your position and ♥♥♥♥ your day up, and the Unidad are especially punishing for open engagements.-Lots of stuff to find and explore.-Huge amount of fun when played in coop.-Solid amount of difficulty options from casual to hardcore.-Huge amount of customization for guns and character.Cons:-AI Spotting. Sometimes the AI just outright cheats when it spots you through walls making some missions instantly fail or cause them to be much harder because of some random crap.-Difficulty settings are for ONLY you. If you play in coop, your casual buddy will be playing on the easiest difficulty while you get shafted on Extreme, which is pretty stupid. It feels very cheaty and can take away from the experience. Should be a voting system for difficulty.-Flying controls. The controls for driving are perfectly servicable since the game is about shooting things so I don't take off too many points for it, but the flying mechanics suck balls.-AI Teammates are highly irritating and cant be muted.-AI Teammates are pretty useless when in singleplayer.-Story sucks and is super predictable, but I don't care about story much in Ubisoft games since they are usually trash. Bowman is also voiced by either a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ voice actor or was given ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lines and direction. Can't stand her voiceovers.I would highly recommend this game to anyone that wants a super fun open world coop shooter. To me, I can jump into the game with some friends and get a super arcadey pseudo ArmA experience without dealing with ArmA nonsense. There is a ton of stuff to do, discover, and you can have some great moments with friends. If you are looking at this from a singleplayer perspective, I would also recommend it, but not as much. AI teammates are boring as hell and you get sick of the same dialogue, same awful military jokes, and their banter about random stuff.People compare this to The Division, but it is only similar in the fact that it is a 3rd person shooter in an open world setting. Sure there are levels and skills in Wildlands, but you don't need any of them. In fact, you can play the entire game without spending a single skill point. Enemies drop within 1-2 shots, unless you suck at aiming, meaning the bullet spongey nature of these kinds of games doesn't exist. The way Wildlands plays should have been how The Division played."
,Not Recommended,460930,30937957,Posted: 4 April,all,lazy cunt,"Like it, but the ♥♥♥♥ing physics is as bad as Reinhardts ""Earthshatter"""
76561198119385995,Recommended,460930,30970822,Posted: 5 April,all,Boltrag,Recommend Lama slaughter simulator 2017. Only game where you can slaughter lamas with a mini gun for enterntainment then throw your truck off a cliff into a village of innocent bystanders.11/10 would murder entire town again
76561198089124530,Recommended,460930,30972206,Posted: 5 April,all,DeathDealer,This is why im broke....
,Recommended,460930,31049064,Posted: 9 April,all,{STFU} CoDe 3,Great Game Play... Fun Missions!
,Not Recommended,460930,31049648,Posted: 9 April,all,Window Licker v2.0,"I wasted 60 hours on this game because I was waiting for Nier: Automata and the Dark Souls 3 DLC. I regret all 60 hours of it. It's so boring. It's the same thing over and over and over again.Pros-The world is pretty-There's some nice attention to detail concerning the weather-co-op is fun because you can easily break the gameCons-It's incredibely repetitive-the game is not meant to be open world, but it is open world because open world sells-it really does feel like they were making a Ghost Recon sequel that was still gonna be trash, and some other dev group was making a Just Cause rip off, and Ubisoft saw how well MGSV did and decided to merge the two-team mate AI is terrible-Enemy AI is terrible-Game is not tactical whatsover-Those low quality scope textures-game world that is bland and boring-Story that you don't care for and comes off like a bad episode of Law and Order-Aribtrary RPG elements that are just there to draw out as much playtime as possible and don't make sense (I have to use a skill point to carry more ammo, why don't they just include a weight system so you can't go sprinting around with 500 roungs of 7.62, 80 rounds of .338 Lapua and 200 rounds of .45ACP?)-NOT TACTICAL IN ANY WAY"
76561198262114874,Recommended,460930,31311622,Posted: 22 April,all,TofuKid,Great shooter game. I dont recommend getting the season pass because Narco Road is garbage. Just get the deluxe version since the expansion has nothing to do with the main game.
,Recommended,460930,31314000,Posted: 23 April,all,Boom Shaka Laka #Agony,"Good Game, You NEED play, who not play in all this time :)"
,Recommended,460930,31337281,Posted: 24 April,all,Matarata,Best of the Best!
,Recommended,460930,31403661,Posted: 27 April,all,✪ Super Scouter,"Okay, where do i start... well this game is very good. large map and many missions. now that being said dont get it and expect so much diversity becauase u wont get it. this game plays well and runs like a charm for me. i am playing with one friend going through and playing the entire campaign and i love it and i enjoy being able to do it however i want its just a good game. i like the setting and the story that being said it may not be as good unless you have a few friend to play with aside from that this game is awesome and i would get it on sale if possible but if u cant wait like i couldnt there is no regret on buying this one. unlike other games *cough *cough no mans lie."
,Recommended,460930,30381527,Posted: 7 March,all,Adi,Nice 😁
76561198311654257,Recommended,460930,30382821,Posted: 7 March,all,Dersiac,So far i couldnt hear the casters voice in cut scenes. and when i went to make my charecter . the ghillie suit would not come off for me to see the looks of my charecter. very upset. anyone know what i can do to fix!?
,Recommended,460930,30388198,Posted: 8 March,all,Piee0,"I like the  game, 10 hours in and I continue to find new things todo. The games feels well made and is great coop :)"
,Recommended,460930,30369602,Posted: 7 March,all,Pastyness,deeuaah
76561197978546870,Recommended,460930,30368165,Posted: 6 March,all,Mr  Benson,"Game is 9/10The only thing that bothers the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥outta me [ and this goes for all games] is the fact that when you kill people their bodies dissapear shortly after, for me this ruins the realism and thats why i loved the Hitman series so much.But besides that the game is pretty badass so far, Just hope they keep an eye on potential bugs that occur when jumping over objects and driving sometimes."
76561198016479866,Recommended,460930,30368526,Posted: 6 March,all,Michael5567,"I love the Ghost Recon Series, and this game is amazing!Its everything that I liked about Far Cry, Just Cause, Splinter Cell, and Arma all in one game."
76561198069248450,Recommended,460930,30369153,Posted: 7 March,all,The_El1te,"I played this game a few hours and this is what I felt.Beta version was better than this full game in terms of graphics requirement and balance. Even with 2x TitanX and i7-5960x @ 4.5 GHz I could not play this game on 2560x1440 resolution with highest settings as the FPS drops below 60 sometimes. Forget about HBAO+, Shadow and ultra settings for now as this game needs lots of optimization at the moment. Concept is good and long with lots of varieties in terms of weapons, combat, tactics etc. A few missions actually need real skill to acomplish.Ubisoft will need to release patch to fix graphics,new nvidia drivers for the game, fps and crash problems quickly before negative reviews start flooding steam like anything.Wait till the optimization patch is released."
76561198228477104,Recommended,460930,30388248,Posted: 8 March,all,Ghost9X2017,"It is an exciting game a lot of side missions to go by, the story missions lets you approach it however you want, doing the side missions will help you gain respect and more rebel support. The single play is kind of a bore because when the AI goes in the enemey sight the enemy does not detect the AI which is kind of dull. The co-op is much more fun as you can see what your teammates are doing and you can interact with them."
,Recommended,460930,30368041,Posted: 6 March,all,Dale,"Love the game.But i have a scrolling problem in the menu sometimes.And sometimes it get back and sometimes i can play the game. If u know what to do, for fixing this problem plz tell.And no i dont have any controller installed"
,Recommended,460930,30369549,Posted: 7 March,all,friendlymango,"great game, dont buy the season pass."
76561198042883662,Recommended,460930,30369693,Posted: 7 March,all,Halcyon,Love this game and am having alot of fun playing it. Its fun to roll in and screw up a mission and have a good laugh doing it. We had to replay this one for 5 different times trying new ways cause we kept failing. alot of fun and well worth the wait
76561198126881519,Recommended,460930,30369694,Posted: 7 March,all,SirJimz,Ubisoft did a wonderful job on this one but i still feel they could improve on a few things but other then that this is a wonderful game for anyone who likes shooters! 9/10 :)
,Recommended,460930,30370670,Posted: 7 March,all,NotMelon,"THE GAME ITSELF IS AMAZING! no frame issues, just straight awesome gameplay"
,Not Recommended,460930,30383050,Posted: 7 March,all,Joe Dirt,"For some reason the beta was more optimized for my PC than the fully released game. No settings have been changed from the beta to now, so I do not know why this is happening. In the beta I would be getting 120+ fps on very high settings now, I can barely get above 60 and when I do it drops down significantly almost immediately. At this point in time I cannot recommend this game based on the poor optimization for my very common PC setup. I will change my review once there are new game drivers released from Nvidia or an optimization update.PC SPECS:GPU - Evga 980 TI SCCPU - I7-4790kRam - 16gb Ballistix SportMotherBoard - Gigabyte Z97XEDIT:Ubi has disclosed that there is an issue with the auto save feature casuing frame drops. I suspect that is my issue but until they come out with a fix my review remains the same."
76561198048934897,Recommended,460930,30376592,Posted: 7 March,all,fubuking,still have some bugs & glitchesat least better than Beta
76561198016794908,Recommended,460930,30382976,Posted: 7 March,all,Matchbox,Great Game!
,Recommended,460930,30368900,Posted: 7 March,all,Ursa,Extremely fun with friends!
,Recommended,460930,30383076,Posted: 7 March,all,Arch,Imagine Just Cause and GTA got together to make a co-op tactical shooter
,Recommended,460930,30387731,Posted: 8 March,all,Marethyu,"Best Ghost Recon in series, and all of them have been good!"
,Recommended,460930,34097154,Posted: 7 August,all,Stryxus,"The best £80 I spent on pre-order, ignore all the 'i cant get the game to open' reviews, I still cant believe how many people don't understand that they probably have a weird anti-virus, their windows may be messed up or something stupid.12 hours in 2 provinces so far, taking my time and collecting everything is fun in it self."
76561198041738244,Not Recommended,460930,30561767,Posted: 16 March,all,Meat Sweats,meh
76561198022019109,Recommended,460930,30803383,Posted: 28 March,all,JaKrispy,I recomend getting its so much fun.
76561197971077966,Recommended,460930,30971081,Posted: 5 April,all,tanklin36,Vehicles are a little wonky but otherwise great game.
,Recommended,460930,31432629,Posted: 28 April,all,gostfalconFPV,Fun game. Worth it! Love the graphics and scenary.
76561198046521750,Recommended,460930,30784519,Posted: 27 March,all,TinyRick!!FTW,I guess its better than Watchdogs 2.
,Recommended,460930,30915144,Posted: 2 April,all,Paxon,"If your on the fence, looking at other high dollar games to buy like I was you can't go wrong witht this incredible game. Chose your own style everytime you play. Hookup with other players if you need help gearing up, or finishing missions. I would give one warning: either buy the guide and look through it before playing (even more pricey, I know) or use every resource at your disposale to learn about this games Skill System Before you go out and start leveling up your character. Elite Skills are a very big deal. Don't be like me and level up to 17 only to realize you had no idea what the Elite Skills were! I deleted my character and started over."
76561198010710802,Recommended,460930,31337951,Posted: 24 April,all,Barronfel,Narco road.... Thats a drive down a long road where I just lost alot of respect for this game.
,Recommended,460930,30846993,Posted: 30 March,all,JamesXCJuggalo,lol op singleplayer bots ur team i mean.good story.Awsome Graphics does need a bit more optimization once in awhile frame drops//gtx 1070 armor 8gb oc//amd ryzen 1700.Open WOrld beat the game anyway you want todrive a bulldozer into a fort run half the guys over sure go aheadsnipeinglmgsstealthlist goes on for ways to attach a baseits worth a buyAbout 3.5 out of 5
,Recommended,460930,31108015,Posted: 12 April,all,CloudyGiraffe,its alright by yourself but ive heard that its more fun with friends (none of mine bought it).Visually its pretty.Can be derpy in the physicsAI needs work to keep up with youWish AI could ride a bike w/ you
76561198198605567,Not Recommended,460930,34268478,Posted: 15 August,all,MattDamn,"Honestly can't express how disappointed I am in this game and in the developers. The gameplay isn't bad, it's actaully pretty enjoyable besides the lack of variety in things you can do and its repetitiveness, but my disappointment comes from the graphic quality. CONSTANT FPS drops. Terrible Screen tearing. And I'm running two gtx1080 ti's. to say the game is unplayable is a huge understatement. It hurt my eyes to even just look at. Also, if you enable Vertical sync which youll need to do if you want limit the horrendous screen tears, your FPS is capped at 60,  and for some reason will constantly drop to being capped at 30 in certain areas of the game. It's also not just a bad PC version, a friend of mine has the game on Xbox One and the performance looked even worse."
76561198326262325,Not Recommended,460930,31874366,Posted: 20 May,all,Khaosius,"Lacks basic content. A lot like No Man's Sky. A mile wide, an inch deep."
,Not Recommended,460930,31229089,Posted: 18 April,all,method,"I'll probably buy it again when they fix the vehicles. Helicopters are an absolute joke to fly - not difficult by any means it just doesn't make any sense (you have to gain a large amount of altitude and then dive bomb to gain speed, rinse and repeat). Cars feel rigid and unresponsive. Travel is a huge part of this game, and I feel that transportation is extremely under-par. It just feels very unfinished. Refund for now, cannot recommend."
,Not Recommended,460930,30969389,Posted: 5 April,all,S!lent Gu@rdi@n,"Really only enjoyable with friends otherwise its just a typical generic squad shooter clone of previous titles. It strongly reminded of me of future soldier meets mercenaries 2. The world was imersive but quite stale. All of the main enemies ran from you with little to no boss fights although that might actually be quite realistic. Most of the challenge comes from the men, the typical grunts or soldiers running around that respond as soon as you leave. With aimbot and OP scorpians and binocular vision it makes it quite hard to be stealthy for those who love metal gear solid, this game will be tough for you to stay stealthy. I recommend it to those who have friends to play with and are interested in playing in a vast world who dont mind the seemingly repetitive gameplay and the imersive tactical opportunities that you have available. But although good for a playthrough with friends. It seems to have little or no replayability. Yes you can do missions and repeat them in varies different ways, but in the end thats it. AND usually the missions end the same way, chasing some guy down."
76561198118454799,Not Recommended,460930,30713665,Posted: 24 March,all,Kindon,"This game is really fun when you don't encounter the many bugs ubisoft should have fixed rather than worrying about a ""cartel themed novel"" or an animated movie about a third person shooter (tps). I gotta say I'm excited to see when the other AAA fps/tps makers will make movies for games they got to be mostly (but definately not fully) functional. Certainly not AAA quality game but there is a lot of content though it can get repetative given every province has a formula followed almost identically. I was happy when they released a patch the other day fixing several annoying bugs, but with that fix came new bugs, and the old bugs that really ruin gameplay like being detected instantly, or seen through walls that their level design guys lazily programmed, or my favorite playing with someone else and you either see the enemy as invisible or your friend sees them as invisible until they disappear and appear where ever they should really be. All in all I can't recommend spending 60 dollars on this game since ubisoft managed to make the game buggier than its open beta was. Get this on sale for as cheap as possible don't support ubisoft any more than you absolutely have to, especially for a AAA title from a AAA company who released a game with more bugs than some of the early access games out there, though to be fair much larger game, still you wouldn't try to sell a car without a starter for the same price as the same car with a starter."
76561197982773068,Not Recommended,460930,31287227,Posted: 21 April,all,TimothyDDX,"I played through the main campaign single player, it was good, albeit repeditive.  I had purchased a season pass so I eagerly awaited the expansion and they are horrible.  I feel like it was a different producer for the expansion than the regular game, as instead of adding to the campaign, it tried poorly to create another game.  Not recommended!!!"
76561198118450696,Not Recommended,460930,31425007,Posted: 28 April,all,BEECHER,ubsoft are ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥i cant even open the game because it says you can not make an account right now try again later and they dont even have a working website or anything this game is a joke and so is ubsoft. so make a ♥♥♥♥ing website and make a good game u ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,460930,34859214,Posted: 10 September,all,Höllenfeuer,Watch Narcos then come here
,Recommended,460930,30530904,Posted: 15 March,all,zox :c,Best Game 2k17
,Recommended,460930,30534422,Posted: 15 March,all,Mr Sparkles the Cat,Story line is fantastic and have really gotten into it. The videos and production is fantastic! Graphical looks stunning as well. Really recommend playing with a group of friends. Really makes the experience in the game good.Few missions bugging out here and there but well worth it in my opinion
76561198130912467,Recommended,460930,34177482,Posted: 11 August,all,rpilone234,"Honestly this game is great imo. I don't know what all the negatives are about. The only thing i can say is you are playing on potato graphics or the best graphics in an open world game like this (again my opinion). I had to turn down my res from 1080p to 720 so i can get the great detail. and in 720 ♥♥♥♥ it the graphics are so good you dont notice the differance. But besides the potato graphis or amazing graphics this game is great. makes you think a lot, which i love in a game.Killed one guy, someone saw the corpse, in the end running from 2 helicopters lol. Would do again!"
76561198078051923,Not Recommended,460930,30524028,Posted: 15 March,all,LehkoHabhoka,"tl;dr give it timeThis game has a huge sandbox map that makes you feel like there will be plenty of things to do but once you have picked up the weapons and accessories you want it feels like there is very little to do in the game. Resource convoy raiding in co-op mode quickly becomes frustrating without group coordination. The AI teammates in solo mode will quickly become preferred after a few matchmaking sessions.The lack of a multiplayer focus in a Ghost Recon title it not something I would have expected after so many others. Honestly feels like an early acces the way they say PvP will be added but is not here at release.Think you're doing a good job picking off units in a millitary compound? If you miss one shot and the unit gets to cover prepare to experience endless GTA style police assaulting your position until you run away or die. Units that are alerted get some form of damage resistance out of nowhere. Lack of dedicated anti-air and anti-tank weapons make the attack helicopters and armored cars more of a threat then would they should be.Helicopter controls and handling are terrible, direct fire weapons mounted on them might as well not even be there for you at all since you can't get them on target to use them. The AI ignores this though as they have no problem sending rockets to your position.Some of the most fun in the game is at the beginning. Driving with your squad, exploring this massive open world environment, hunting down Intel and VIPs to find locations of sweet new gear, building up the rebels so they can help you in your battles.  At the end the rebels aren't good enough to help you against the endless GTA style police. There's nothing left to explore and many areas are not worth going to over just raiding another resource convoy.PvP could save this but it's sad that it wasn't out at release."
,Recommended,460930,30484375,Posted: 12 March,all,Whit3Wolf,This games is by far the best! I love how the graphics and overal gameplay!
76561198064533187,Not Recommended,460930,31737448,Posted: 13 May,all,Adler,"Poorly optimized, garbage AI, boring plot, horrible physics. I wish I could get a refund.2/10"
76561198055339646,Recommended,460930,31409271,Posted: 27 April,all,Jesus,"This has become one of my favorite games to play of all time. I am a huge Grand Theft Auto fan but without mods I felt like that game had come short to what I wanted. Then this game came out and was the perfect fit for that void! Now that I have beaten the game a few things I wish ubisoft did to perfect it would be more missions! The game took me awhile to beat and for the normal gamer it is an awesome campaign with tons of different vast geographical changes (and the changing your clothing and equipment to match was cool too) But with an avid gamer, Now that I have beaten everything and collected everything there is, its replayability isnt the best. I will go find tons of big camps and attack them to keep me busy but I really enjoyed the campain alot! That being said I am not  a fan of the first DLC, Narco road had a very childish theme with monster trucks, racing, flying stunts, etc. I liked the seriousness of the game and feel like it was watered down in the DLC. Still love the game but please ubisoft dont make a DLC like that again!If you are thinking about getting this game but arent quite sure if you want it.... Get it, If you like GTA this is very similar with a military enviornment."
76561197965094617,Not Recommended,460930,30626014,Posted: 19 March,all,Rygar1976,"While the game is fun to play and looks great, its made to play WITH FRIENDS.  Right now, I and many other people are experiencing matchmaking errors that either say your NAT is too strict or NAT is offline.Like soooo many other people, I have gone through all kinds of trouble to forward specifc ports, turn NAT on and off, try different settings.  I have put literally hours and hours into trying to fix a game THAT PLAYED PERFECTLY for the first 2 - 3 hours.I was playing with a friend and everything worked well for a couple hours then all of a sudden we kept disconnecting from each other.  We both did a hard restart and came back and the game was showing my NAT switched from ""Medium"" to ""Offline"".   No matter what fixes I tried - and trust me when I say there are A LOT of them due to so many people having this issue, nothing worked.As of right now, I am unable to do anything buy play single player.  Every review of this game on pretty much any site worth watching says this game is mediocre at best - UNLESS YOU PLAY WITH FRIENDS.  I BOUGHT THIS TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS, NOT RESEARCH PORT FORWARDING and a zillion other options inside my router.Once again Ubisoft has proven that while they SOMETIMES make decent and fun games, they almost ALWAYS shoot themselves in the foot WITH HORRIBLE BS like this.  More Ubicrap.Do not buy unless you're willing to risk it, because as of right now a HUGE percentage of players are unable to group up./youll see I have 10 hours in this game.  2 hours at best were spent playing.  The rest was spent trying starting and stopping the game to test and see if the latest rumored fix would work.Game could be a lot of fun, but Ubisoft ALWAYS manages to ruin them with poor quality control."
,Not Recommended,460930,30649190,Posted: 21 March,all,BleepBloop,"Benchmark is completely misleading, shows results of 55-70fps, when loading the game presents you with 20-30 fps. Game is ridiculously buggy and co-op feels poorly implemented."
,Not Recommended,460930,30497186,Posted: 13 March,all,Devin,"Just terrible, feels like a cartoon and nothing like the Ghost Recon games of the past."
,Recommended,460930,30371516,Posted: 7 March,all,Bulg,So.Much.Fun.
76561198079410427,Recommended,460930,30371377,Posted: 7 March,all,TimeXZone,great game
,Recommended,460930,30448619,Posted: 11 March,all,[FN] bigbot,"10/10 would buy again the only problem is the fps it is not optimized that good but still good enough to play, This game is worth the $60"
,Recommended,460930,30382079,Posted: 7 March,all,Skargun,"After playing the Beta non stop, I went for the full 100$ commitment.I Love this game. Free roam Ghost Recon is amazing, I am not a Ghost Recon fanboy,I have not liked a Tom Clancy game since the ORIGINAL Ghost Recon and its expansions.I am really looking forward to where this game goes.Pros:Free roamAwesome Stealth MechanicsTeam based combat / reconSNIPER RIFLES ARE AMAZING! :DCons:My wife doesn't know I dropped a Benjamin on a PC game. :DSometimes, My audio messes up. But it seems like a minor issue, and should be patched. ""New game bug most likely.""Even my overclocked 7700k and EVGA GTX 1070 FTW, on ultra will everything turned all the way up in 1080p still drops down into the 50FPS zone every now and then. So maybe i'll just turn down shadows or something.. But it seems like that shouldnt be an issue in 1080p for my setup"
76561198014661345,Recommended,460930,30382512,Posted: 7 March,all,✧✧PRIME✧✧,what a  GREAT game UBISOFT   its even beter that the division   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GREATJOBB!!!
76561198070060285,Recommended,460930,30371001,Posted: 7 March,all,ZDuB,i havent had this much fun since the first time i played Farcry 2
,Recommended,460930,33177482,Posted: 3 July,all,Kris,"Massive, quality environment with great gunplay"
,Recommended,460930,30379607,Posted: 7 March,all,archaznable,"If you love Far Cry Primal, Metal Gear Solid V, Hitman, GTA V, Watchdogs, and The Division this game is for you"
,Not Recommended,460930,32836717,Posted: 26 June,all,BOT Little,"like drinking out of a toiletright after doing it, it tastes like♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,460930,32844035,Posted: 26 June,all,Primo Victoria,"I played this offline, and to a certain point it was fun, but after a while it gets old. I guess the only things that kept me going were the guns and accesories cases and just raiding more enemy outposts with the newly unlocked gear. I had no interest in the story or the characters, so all in all i think it's not worth full price for the SP alone.And while i did enjoy the mindless shooting that the game has to offer, ultimately what killed it for me was the optimization. I played this with an i7 6700k OC'd, GTX 1080, 16gb of ram, Game files and Uplay's folder installed to an SSD and tried every possible ""fix"" i found to try and get rid of the annoying stutters that come at random, to no avail, being the only game out of 38 that i have installed on my PC that suffers from stuttering."
76561197988910519,Recommended,460930,32987701,Posted: 29 June,all,Orb,"It can be repetitive if you like to have a clear goal. But for me, I just want to log in and play a few mini-quests here and there (meaning raid small settlements to get the collectibles), and this game is perfect. I pretty much 100% the game and still want more. Sadly the dlcs don't expand the game world directly so I didn't buy them."
,Not Recommended,460930,32832526,Posted: 26 June,all,JustAMetalHead,Absoulute pile of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,460930,30746476,Posted: 26 March,all,Love 4 Egypt Army,"Great game. This game is one of few games that I am sure I will play for 1,000+ hours without getting bored of it."
,Not Recommended,460930,33173654,Posted: 3 July,all,Freedom,Meh - it was fun at first but after a while the missions become pretty repetitive. It's definately better playing with 3 of your mates as opposed to solo or public co-op but still.
76561197994292625,Not Recommended,460930,32192133,Posted: 4 June,all,Zx,Incredibly stupid AI.
76561198007401403,Not Recommended,460930,30466827,Posted: 12 March,all,Jackrum,I have to keep reminding myself I dont need to skin ten pigs to make a new ammo pouch.
76561198027615463,Not Recommended,460930,33347366,Posted: 7 July,all,reticence,"Another rated ""M"" game designed for 14 year olds.This is a hollywood-style, ""safe-for-the-modern-family-room"" interpretation of the war on drugs, as made into an AAA priced arcade 3rd person shooter.If your favorite videogames include: GTA, Saints Row, Watch Dogs and other similar childish titles, this one is for you."
76561198354161086,Not Recommended,460930,33350350,Posted: 7 July,all,jrsv80,You have to install and register to UPLAY.I wasn't able to register to UPLAY. Looks like UPLAY sucks...  according to a lot of post I read trying to solve the problem.I had to ask for my money back.Just try to register to UPLAY before you buy.
76561198068450169,Recommended,460930,30933349,Posted: 3 April,all,Syoptic,"Some things good, some things not so good, and some things that the Devs said would be in the game...aren't. Seems made for casual console gamers.Still good enough for a reco I guess.Sgt says "" Jump private ""Private says "" I can't, its not in this game """
,Recommended,460930,30953892,Posted: 4 April,all,pork_lift,Incredible experience.  True gem from Ubisoft.
76561197968592095,Recommended,460930,30964648,Posted: 5 April,all,T Money,Multiplayer hijinks in this game are an abosolute riot.The story here is offensive and dumb as rocks.Do not play this game single-player. This game really shines only in multiplayer.
76561198142062440,Not Recommended,460930,30967226,Posted: 5 April,all,KILLSWITCH,This game has good ideas but the game physics is awful the driving is so bad It reminds me of first far cry and my fps with 16gb ram gtx750ti and fx8350 sometimes gets as low as 19 frame .
76561198086081778,Recommended,460930,30933029,Posted: 3 April,all,º,Awesome game
76561198405930021,Recommended,460930,35129252,Posted: 22 September,all,SA_hUnt,very nice game
76561198073100512,Recommended,460930,30391245,Posted: 8 March,all,Kermit,"Overall great game with a few minor bugs left that I'm sure will be worked out rather quickly.some of these bugs may upset others more than they did myself but honestly if they don't effect gameplay which for me they did not then I don't see them as a reason to not purchase this game.Driving the vehicles feels a little off still but I'm playing with mouse and keyboard... they will never be perfect and this game does so much right that the vehicles to me are just a background feature.Highlights:Weapon customization is funCoop is great when you team up with people actually using their micsPlaying with friends is even betterSolo play is great when not relying heavily on teammatesMany different ways to accomplish your missionsMap is HUGEfor an early rating I'd have to give atleast an 8.5 / 10The game runs perfectly on High settings with 60+ fps pretty steady ( a few dips below but meh )Cpu isn't being pushed, GPU is 99% solidMy rig is :i7-7700Gtx-1060 6gb8gb ramUPDATE: Since the release of the patch today intented to increase performance my game has been running much worse. average of 10 fps lower and Coop play is very laggy."
76561198307963651,Recommended,460930,30392788,Posted: 8 March,all,ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ,"I really want to play but this game will not even open. I have all the requirements and have restarted, Uninstalled and even went into the files on some youtube videos but yet it won't open"
,Recommended,460930,30393340,Posted: 8 March,all,DankSkrub,"Wow, for once im actually proud of ubisoft"
76561198038564915,Recommended,460930,30393736,Posted: 8 March,all,Captain Jack Sparrow,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands. Is a fionminal game in my personal opinion. even though I've only played 10.7 hours. as of writing this review I have had a huge load of fun in the time in which I have played the game there are some aspects about it I wish were a bit different for instance more customization options but those may be added as the game gets older and dlcs release. The Game offers a very very large map environment and one of the major things about this particular open world environment is that it isn't empty there are enemies or things to do all over the map. as well as a whole bunch of collectibles to go and find. In my friends words ""this is like Metal Gear Solid V...If Metal Gear Solid V was actually a good game"" Since it has that same ideal of you control everything in your environment if you need Unidad to come and attack santa blanca you get them to follow you towards the compound where they will begin to fight each other. Some of the complaints that I myself have heard is that the triggers are too slow or bullets act odd. In my experience with firing weapons. The bullets don't immediately get to a target a very long distance away so the pure fact that they have bullet travel time is great not to mention the bullet drop that is added. it makes the game so it's not a ""Oh I see a guy I shoot he's dead"". The bullet physics make the game fun as you don't know if you'll need to make an immediate follow up shot until it could be too late. The enemies have also been claimed to be easy kills however I find that realistic. The Santa Blanca cartel is wearing virtually no bullet proof vests or really anything to protect them from an immediate headshot which is a very good aspect as it's a good change from Ubisoft's last open world tom clancy game The division where Firstly I couldn't play because I kept getting errors that said I couldn't connect which I later just called Divisioning as that was the first game that didn't let me play online without a solution. And the enemies in The Division were the definiton of Bullet sponges. And I've tried to kill CSAT in ArmA III you could unload 4 magazines into one enemy before he would even think about falling over dead let alone take cover from the torrent of fire you were putting down.All in all I thoroughly enjoy ghost recon wildlands and I see myself spending a very very long time playing this game."
76561198009395049,Recommended,460930,30394419,Posted: 8 March,all,Accidental,"Before reading this I highly advise you buy this game with a friend for co-op and not for singleplayer. The plot itself is very boring and the unique missions within them are much better with friends.The game makes a very good first impression. Right after the opening cutscene, you can travel to anywhere on the map and focus on unlocking whatever weapons and attachments you like. With friends, the campaign missions are quite fun, as you have to cooperate to spot enemies, neutralize targets, and provide additional support if need be such as rebel backup. Side missions do get repetitive over time, the only thing that makes each one different is how each side mission is located and how to navigate the terrain/buildings and deal with enemies in different spots. As stated before, it is much less fun in singleplayer.The vehicles are quite fun to use. You are given a wide array of them ranging from minibuses, sedans, dirtbikes, armored cars/trucks, planes, helicopters, and APCs. All of which passengers can shoot out of. Contrary to popular belief, even the helicopters operate just fine (for those wondering how to get it to move without slowing to a halt, the trick is to hold shift and let go of W key once it is at full speed), and they are arguably the best type of vehicle in the game.The amount of weapons in the game gives you a huge choice to play the way you like. In addition to this, there are attachments which you can use to further configure them to your liking. All of which can be obtained individually by finding crates containing them on the map or by defeating the various leaders of the Santa Blanca cartel.Finally, the season pass/DLCs. These are dissapointing since they add no new areas to explore, prevent you from using your main character from the base game, and even shrink the map down so you cannot access other parts of the map. Whether you feel like buying Fallen Ghosts in okay, however I strongly recommend against buying the Narco Road DLC. It is completely out of place and turns a cooperative tactical game into an extremely poor man's GTA.In conclusion, the game is solid with coop, and not that good with singleplayer.Co-op: 75/100Singleplayer: 60/100"
,Recommended,460930,30394444,Posted: 8 March,all,iSymmetra - Twitch,"(I will update this review as I continue playing the game.)From the few hours (not including my Open Beta experience) I have been able to play the game in my busy college life, I've actually enjoyed the exploration around the countryside and taking in the scenery, enjoying the gunfights, hiding from the cops, and getting myself killed in stupid ways. This game wakes up the numerous nostalgic feelings I had when I played Borderlands with friends and had our hilarious banter in that game. In fact, I've been waiting for this game for months and glad it's out.I would recommend this game and let me explain in a few points. (Both positive and negative.)Pay-to-Play System:Let's be real. A lot of people complains about companies doing this type of paywall on Day 1, but this type of behavior has been allowed for years by other game companies and has been encouraged for years. Many of the options I've noticed were the majority skins for the character, vehicles, weapons and other parts. Not bad at all and I'm perfectly fine with this. Hell, I'm perfectly fine with the EXP boosts in the game, especially since this is a RPG skill leveling system like The Division.Yet, the part that does tick me off (and what I could agree with others on) about is the option allowing people to skip searching for the add-ons for weapons and some entire weapons. Instead of typically letting players find these add-ons, they allow people pay for a bypass around a hour or two of side content and give them an advantage early on. Luckily, the game hasn't implemented a PvP system, but again--this type of system is quite unfair.Performance Hits:Unlike The Division with how clunky it was released, Wildlands has shown to run smooth on my computer. I would get an occasion tear here and there while exploring and vertical syncing seemed to fix this issue, but the biggest issue I had with Wildlands (not entirely sure if it has been removed in the released version, since I haven't experienced it yet) is the CPU leaking / hogging the game would produce. (For reference, I have a i5-4790k and GTX 1070 w/ 8 GB VRAM and 16 GB of RAM.) Let me explain my particular case in detail for you:In the Open Beta, my CPU locked up to 100% randomly (it normally runs 70~80%) and it was throttling my computer's performance to the point that I had to crash the game in Task Manager to have my Discord run normally again. I thought my CPU was starting to die, but after doing a brief Google Search--I found that the problem wasn't exclusively to me. Other people were having similar issues and it took a few threads on Ubisoft to find a work around.Overall, I would suggest having a decent computer over the recommended settings before running this game. Sure, it might be a bit of a strain on the GPU, but this game does like to eat the living hell out of your CPU, no matter what you set the graphics settings to.Vehicles / Roads / Off RoadsHonestly, people need to take it easier on Ubisoft with going more realistic on the vehicles. Sure, they might be too slick or hard to turn on some vehicles, but they're perfectly fine in my personal opinion. This isn't some ""Need for Speed"" game where you can go 100+ mph and think I can make a 25 degree turn easily with the handbreak.Let's keep it simple here. The rugged terrain in this game can do major damage to the vehicles and since they're fragile (even the helicopters), I would recommend taking the vehicles designed for the specific terrains, unless you're extremely cautious in these zones. If you're going to be offroad, then get offroad vehicles. Sport cars and large, transporting vehicles need to stay on the roads. Some missions may require you to go offroad or over bodies of water to get to the destination in the limited time frame, so don't get too attached to your expensive, shiny car.Story:This will be updated later on, since I had a friend who was impatient during the Open Beta period and wouldn't let me watch any of the cutscenes. I apologize for not going into death for this section.Enemy AI System:If you think you can run into an enemy camp with guns blazing and being out in the open, then you better hope you have an aimbot prepared. Otherwise, you're going down in a hurry. You can get away with this in small group waves of the cartel on the side of the road or rushing the last person, but not in any specific case. The game is designed for stealth, especailly in higher difficulities, so think of using either sniping techniques or going into the base stealth-like.The enemy cartel and the police have the same system with minor differences. They both require detection, either by a dead body or standing near them for too long, to engage you and they'll call for reinforcements. They have different variences in their type of enemies, which will show as you go into higher tier zones. Both can be lost if you move away from their detection range The difference between the two is the police won't stop their engaging simply by elimination of their squad, until you eliminate them all stealthly and/or hide stealthly, and base their aggression off of a mark system, which increases as you kill more officers. Higher marks result in higher aggression tactics and longer wait times to lose the police, especially if you hit four marks and get a map-wide search deployed on you.Multiplayer:This game is dependent on the Peer-To-Peer system. So, if you don't have a sustainable or stable upload and download speed, then I would recommend another friend or someone else to be the host of your lobby. The game does depend on latency for hit registry, so if you're having high latency, then I would either avoid playing the game with friends during that time or adapt around the latency.The gameplay is actually fun and highly recommended with others, especially when you have numerous other friends join in on the fun. However, do remember that you and your friends will need to work as a team to complete things. I had things completely go wrong because a friend would blindly run in, thinking he could kill someone else, and not realizing two other enemies are sitting in the opposite end of the room, which would alert everyone in the camp about our prescence. Of course, frustrating if you're tryharding, but this would end up being banter for anyone just wanting to have fun, despite hindering progress. So, this can be a good or a bad thing, depending on your friends and your playstyle.Content:During the open beta, I managed to squeeze about twenty four hours of gameplay from two or three zones in Wildlands., especially since I only explored for a small amount of time. There are way more zones in this game than just the three I played in the Open Beta phase, Each zone might be short with the amount of missions you're required to do, but there aretonsof side missions that help give skill resources. You can also explore around the map for hidden skill points, side missions, bonus medals (which boost certain skills), and other hidden content.If you're going for the story alone, then it'll be short. If you're going for 100% completion, it'll be a while."
76561198329096089,Recommended,460930,30394456,Posted: 8 March,all,aV | Timootje32,nice
,Recommended,460930,32046296,Posted: 29 May,all,Naughtius_Maximus,"I dare say Ubisoft made a fun, good,  mostly functioning game."
76561198005550197,Recommended,460930,30368871,Posted: 7 March,all,Doc299,Great game.
,Recommended,460930,30375712,Posted: 7 March,all,Jowssh,amazing game
76561198197964326,Not Recommended,460930,30515869,Posted: 14 March,all,MADHOUSE,this game kinda sucks.Its boring to play alone but with friends its fun till after 10 hours of doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥over and over and over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ask your self this after killing all the boss what are you left with .Ill tell you nothing your stuck doing the same♥♥♥♥♥♥in this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ open empty lifeless world.
76561198060569435,Recommended,460930,30381199,Posted: 7 March,all,Illusiveness,"This game is unbelievable. If you're skeptical about buying it, don't be. It's worth every penny."
76561198093343197,Not Recommended,460930,30458198,Posted: 11 March,all,Zombie,"Fun and impressive game, but needs some patching before it is a great game.And PLS Fix the enemy spawning. How can i play tactical when enemies Keep spawning everywhere around me less then 10 meters away!? Enemies can sometimes spawn behind you and kill you in less then 2 seconds."
,Recommended,460930,30474035,Posted: 12 March,all,terryyen77,This is very good tactical shooting game.Riding a car in this game is better than DIRT3.เป็นเกมกลยุทธ์ทหารเดินยิง ที่ให้อารมณ์ขับรถได้อารมณ์แรลลี่มันกว่า DIRT3
,Not Recommended,460930,31772766,Posted: 15 May,all,Foxy|twitch.tv/foxynorge,The game won't launch. Do not buy the game.Was struggling for 5 hours befor I just gave up.UBISOFT gives out another alpha game that they say it's working.#refundplox.
76561198164645359,Recommended,460930,30519758,Posted: 14 March,all,Ace Of Death,Worth! The End! Buy It!
,Recommended,460930,30396154,Posted: 8 March,all,salsabeard,Everything i wanted GTA mutliplayer to be.
76561198161474903,Recommended,460930,30519703,Posted: 14 March,all,FazeMoneyloan,best thingy migig
,Recommended,460930,30465942,Posted: 12 March,all,Punisher6037,10/10 best Uplay game I've played in a long time. yes Ai sucks but thats why you get friends or make friends.
,Recommended,460930,30456410,Posted: 11 March,all,SWATmember95,"Excellent game. Good Story, good vehicle manipulations, semi good pilot controls (Don't expect to do any attack runs with the attack chopper), Alot of SAMs, and alot of people with names you are gonna remember. Best Ghost Recon to date. Can't wait to see what comes next for this game."
,Not Recommended,460930,34009598,Posted: 3 August,all,Teeny Bops,"Hello, welcome to ""Shoot The Bad Guy Simulator 2017"" Otherwise known as ""Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands""  This absolutley perfect Ubisoft Open-World game allows a variety of activites for you and up to 4 players such as: Shooting the bad guy while other bad guys cant see or shooting the bad guy while other bad guys see you, of course compemented with a huge assortment of weapons that totally arent either the same thing or completley pointless and useless in every sense of the word! But dont be discouraged, the game is so easy, you wont be able to tell! In all seriousness, dont waste your money on this trash, this game is so repetitive and boring itd make Mafia 3 blush. At least Mafia 3 HAD a story, a good one at that, as a matter of fact, if your on this store page considering buying a bad game, you might as well buy Mafia 3. This game is absolutley boring, even in Co-op, its literally doing the same missions over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over, you get the point. The story is so incoherent and just plain badly written, that I didnt even notice what was happening until me and my friend were a quarter through the game, even then we still skipped every cutscene, not like we were missing much though. Playing this game alone is even more of a slog becasue of your awful AI squadmates, they are all husks of human beings devoid of any feelings, they are more like robots than actual characters, they have almost 0 character development besides yelling ""Shitballs"" and telling annoying stories you can shut off. Look, just dont buy this game.. just dont buy anythhing from Ubisoft really.How 2 stomp on Tom Clancy's grave (Ubisoft Style) 101:>Be Ubisoft>Make super aweosme ""tactical"" shooter games>Make game copy paste trash>Slap Tom Clancy's Name on said trash (AKA: Ghost Recon Wildlands)>Profit"
76561198209907419,Recommended,460930,31246230,Posted: 19 April,all,++sAmMiEjAm++,"game is gorgeous, gameplay is better with friends but still really great!!!"
76561198118670603,Recommended,460930,33186245,Posted: 3 July,all,DONLAD TRUMP,brilliant!
76561198085521297,Not Recommended,460930,30707574,Posted: 24 March,all,Cat,"Amazing and Fun Game but Ubisoft tried its best to mess it up once again. So you can go out and play for ages finding and unlocking Weapons or Weapon parts OR you can spend 20$ extra to get like 2 guns a weapon skin and 1/2 neat attachments you can easily unlock via playing as well. I hate Ubisoft Microtransactions as they managed to remove the ""Micro"" from the word. They try to hide their ridiculous prices behind ingame currencies you can only buy with real money. For example: The ""Future Soldier"" pack gives you: A skin for your Character, a fully kitted ACR with custom skin and a Patch you can slap onto your Character, I have to say it looks nice, but Ubisoft charges 2100 ingame currency for it. Now, you can only buy 800, 1700, 3840, 7285 or 11530, so you would have to buy the 800 for 5$ and the 1700 for 10$ pack. So you have to spend at least 15$ for an ingame Skin, and a single weapon with some attachments! You can get the weapon and the attachments by simply playing so basically youre paying 15$ to make your character look like an old Ghosta. And if you bought the 800 and 1700 pack, and puchased the Skin afterwards you still have 400 points left. What could you do with these 400 points? Oh yea I forgot... NOTHING as the Cheapest Items in the store cost 480, so they percisely made it that you would have to spend a ridiculous amount of money to buy utter useless items!  With the 800 for 5$ alone you could only buy 1 weapon or attachment pack.So my end verdict is: Really Fun game but Ubisoft tries to milk the hell out of it!Graphics 7/10Sound 8/10Gameplay 6,5/10 (the driving/flying is terrible)Story 8,5/10"
,Recommended,460930,33046612,Posted: 30 June,all,OmicroN,"Wildlands wildlands, this is a tough one because I was so hype for this game before release, I mean who doesn't want to play an open world military style game with a bunch of different guns and airplanes and all that jazz.  The graphics are very nice, I had no real issues playing with my old FX 8350 and GTX 1070, sure I wasn't on like some ultra setting but even the high setting looks better then 95% of games out there so that's nothing to complain about.  The story wasn't that bad and the main story missions weren't too bad either but the rest of the game gets very repetitive and that's where the problem is.  Me and friend when we started playing as set on getting and doing like everything for each zone so once we 100% a zone which actually takes quite some time doing that for 2 zones we burnt ourselves out then new games came out that we wanted to play and basically haven't gone back to the game.   I will say the game's ending/final boss could possible be the worse ending ever in a game I've played...  There's another ending supposedly if you 100% the game, that doesn't mean like 100% everything in the zone though but even I'm pretty sure that wont change how the finally mission of the game is just the ending cut scenes... so yeah... while we had some fun in the beginning while playing it I'm not sure if I'd go as far as saying I don't recommend it.I'd probably leave it at if you can get it for cheaper then full retail value then go for it, also don't bother collecting like everything in the game as it will burn you out and don't waist a bunch of time trying to get all the skills and such, they really aren't needed.  The games ending the combat isn't really that hard to need all the different powerups and skills; if I had to go back and play it again I'd also say just stick to and do the main missions in the zones and move on to the next to experience the store and beat the game which supposedly you can do in like 7 hours or so, pretty much a good evening; the rest of the game isn't worth the time."
76561198262384380,Recommended,460930,35111167,Posted: 21 September,all,Danielkaminer,good game
,Recommended,460930,30368170,Posted: 6 March,all,xWhaleShark,Its like an arcade style ARMA. It's a fun game that is beautiful.
,Recommended,460930,31264040,Posted: 20 April,all,Tazz,"I thought it was pretty good. Had some laughs and fun, easy to play yet things can be done to up the dificulty or do a harder play style. Kinda reminds me a little bit of Mercenaries (the good one) just with the coop feature we always wanted with it. I'd love to see a second GR instalment like this with just a bit more of the tactical side added and set up the team against a national army instead of DEA: Gone Wild"
76561197975490778,Recommended,460930,30453946,Posted: 11 March,all,JiveTurkey=VX9=,"Far Cry 5: Bolivia57 Hours into this open-world sandbox shooter, I’m still discovering new areas, side quests, story missions and tactics for taking down Cartel strongholds across this huge game.Pro: At least 3x larger play area than Far Cry 4. (maybe much more)Graphically amazing achievement. The draw distance and detail is astounding. I didn’t believe that temple in the distance was on the map; not only was it on the map, there was another area beyond it!Strong story that is told as you progress however you like.Tons of content (story, weapons, quests)Con: It’s not a tactical shooter worthy of the Tom Clancy brand. It’s about as ‘tactical’ as Far Cry 4.Airplane flight controls with keyboard and Mouse are uncontrollable. Use a gamepad.Friendly AI is wonky. They provide over watch unless directed another direction.Some voice acting is cringingly bad. Some voice banter repeats it’s self every time you fast travel. Gets very old, very quickly.Score: It’s Fun. Worth $60. Buy it."
,Recommended,460930,30373527,Posted: 7 March,all,SaLeH,Love this game!Really good game
76561198317355897,Recommended,460930,31620251,Posted: 8 May,all,shamsi,good game
76561198302598327,Not Recommended,460930,30572489,Posted: 17 March,all,jessica.kaine,"Gets boring quickly, fun weekends worth of multiplayer but very meh.Only pick it up on sale if you really want to try it,  not worth the AAA price tag at all."
,Recommended,460930,30699370,Posted: 23 March,all,HellBlazer75,Worth buying good game with beautiful environment but only one problem is its optimization.I hope ubisoft will release patches on optimization
,Not Recommended,460930,31894110,Posted: 21 May,all,Adam Sandler,"Sumary: 4~5/10This game is good if you have friends to play with. I played it solo and, with enough skill points, it became1. Point at enemy2. Press Q 3 times3. Aim (at enemy optional)4. Hold down Q (Shooting an enemy optional)This game also suffers from Assassian's Creed 3's ""90 side mission"" syndrom where all the side missions is just the same missions copy and pasted multiple times. You literaly only need to play half the main story to beat the story. WHAT? I also need to mention that this game has in game microtransactions that includes XP boosters and special bundles that include exclusive weapons and costumes. I did preorder so I got 2 bounus ""stories"". They are just a few missions. You cannot kill a  few friendlys without ethier restarting a mission or getting forced back to a base. I enjoy playing games like GTA to get a massive car chase but this game can have car chases but you the enemies can barely keep up with you. The story can be kinda predictable. The enemies are challenging at first then at around level 10, the most challenging enemy would be helicopters if you don't have a grenade launcher attachment or LMG in your 2 primary slots. After completing the first area, I went and completed the hardest area in the game on Normal. The Anti-air systems are extremly easy to dodge. You only have to change your tilt and the missile goes right under you, everytime, seriously. The vehicles control alright except helicopters and the bikes. I swear that is you tap a pebble while riding a bike at 1 mph, you go flying 30 miles away. If you want to fly helicopters at a fast speed but want to go straight, you going to have to hold throttle up and forward until the chopper starts going down, then you have to hold backwards until the chopper is at a -15 degree angle let go of it. Choppers have no use other than transport even if they have miniguns because the miniguns fire in the way they face. Turning the camera makes no difference. In the 34 hours I have played this, I have only shot down 1 enemy chopper. There are only 2 types of planes in the entire game. The only difference between them is size. There are only 2 types of helicopters but they can ethier have no guns, miniguns, or rockets. The types of helicopters are just health and size. This has just become nit picking so here is a quick summary:Better with friends (Depends)Only a few type of side missions (Con)Microtransactions (Con)Predictable (Con)Main story is the definiton of a speed runner's wet dream (Con)Alright Vehicle controls (Pro)Vehicle Variety is alright (Pro)Friendly killing penalty is too harsh (Con)Weapon balance is poor (Con)Skill tree gets stupidly OP (Con)Bots are stupid (Con)And more..."
76561198093909893,Recommended,460930,30383745,Posted: 7 March,all,A Wild Mononoke,WW2 scenario pls
76561197971427745,Not Recommended,460930,35360543,Posted: 30 September,all,Polamnus,"A beautiful, sometimes breathtaking, technical demo without a really compelling core game mechanic. The game engine, the scope of this game, the environments, the art direction...all of it speaks to what could have been a tripple A title. The game attempts to recreate the entirety of the nation of Bolivia with all which that repesents. You have micro climantes and biomes that range frigid mountain settings to scorched salt flats, steamy jungles, and everything in between. What's better, the rendering engine of the world pulls it off admirably. Where it falls down, however, is the gameplay. Even if you can hand-wave the fact that you're a state sponsored killer, jingoistic noitions of imperialism, and the absolute lack of emotional impact whic should come killing hundreds, thousands even, of Bolivians along the way...a tall order...it's just repetative mission after mission where you're tricking mediocre enemy AI into traps to knock over yet another enemy compound, killing another dozen nameless, faceless enemies. I would have much preferred a game 1/10th the scope but 10x the emotional, technical, and tactical gravitas. By the end of this, the final cut-scene was just a relief to know that I'd suffered all of it and squeezed every last bit out of my purchase. I'm ultimately glad to have played it, but could not recommend it."
,Recommended,460930,35359979,Posted: 30 September,all,Humphry,Bought it for the excellent pvp. Actually enjoyed the pve👌
76561198154602388,Not Recommended,460930,35107646,Posted: 21 September,all,Jazo,"disappointing game, i buy it for the pvp, now they release the pvp beta, i play the beta and really really disappointing, also the community waiting for the pvp for more than 6 month..."
,Recommended,460930,30506745,Posted: 14 March,all,Syn,"This game is so damn fun, it's like The Division, Far Cry, and Just Cause had the perfect child.The stealth in this game is really nice, the handling of vehicles is great.You can customize everything about a weapon and there are also tons of weapons to choose from.The graphics are superb, and with ansel you can make the most perfect screenshots ever.Here are some screenshots I got with Nvidia AnselOne of the issues I have is with the squad ai, they are pretty braindead and will get you spotted if you try and sneak through a base or do a mission which is why I usually keep them on a hill.I get around 50-70 frames maxed out at 1080p with a resolution scale of 1.10.Specs:EVGA GTX 1080 SuperclockedIntel i7-4770K @3.5 GHz16 GB of RAMAnother weird issue I had once was that I ran out of memory while playing this.Not sure how it happened but I haven't had it happen in a while.If you want the short and sweet of this.It's fun and you will enjoy it, ubisoft did really good with this game and they should keep doing games like this."
,Recommended,460930,30506576,Posted: 14 March,all,protomaker,"I have not played a mil-shooter since Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3, primarily as a PvP player. Even though PvP has not been released in GR:W yet, I am immensely enjoying cooperative play. There is real teamwork and real tactics that go into each operation. ""Push left, and see if you can draw their attention to your side of the camp."" ""I can take down 2 and 3 with a burst if you can snipe 1."" ""Go over the fence there, wait for the patrol to pass, then turn off the jammer.""Beyond the actual combats, the small of group of people I've met and play with regularly enjoy a variety of play on Extreme difficulty. Sometimes we do story mode missions, other times we hunt around for weapons and mods. At other times we just goof off, trying different weapons, items, and tactics."
,Not Recommended,460930,30376375,Posted: 7 March,all,CompleteLuck,"This review is based of advanced gameplay with ultra video settings.First off this game is good if you have not played other FPS were detail is important. The land scape is amazing and the scale is huge, but inbetween loctions it leaves much to be desired. I ran this run on advanced npcs and ran through each area stealthy. The marked qued shots are cool but dont actually make sense as your team has some how escaped our laws of physics and are able to make qued shots from down a hill and through a biulding.... Also I noticed on Ultra High Video settings everything looks pretty but it doesn't actually represent what your seeing. for instance, was sniping off a second floor balcony and there was a tree which I thought was well to the left of my shot, but when fired the bullet seemed to go through an invisable wood wall before hittiing my target. Now you might think im being picky but when I play a game I can do stealth and make sniper shots, I expect the details to be on point. Additionally the bullet drop is added into the game but after testing the range of the sniper rifles with a large range and multiple assault rifles I found the bullet drop to be the exact same across both weapons of choice. Now I spent an extra 30 bucks on the game to unlock weapons ahead of time and I will not beable to get that money back but Im glad the refund for the game will be accepted as this leaves very much to be desired. There is no wildlife that I encountered other than some birds in the sky. and the occational dog that well runs away. So in the end if you are looking for a semi adiquate game with a bunch and I mean a Bunch of filler land were you are going to be running a lot or driving, then this game is for you. but if you like detailed game play with immersive surroundings than this investment is not worth it."
,Not Recommended,460930,31403967,Posted: 27 April,all,CH\/RCH,"I can write a lot about this game, but I wont waste your time like this game wasted mine. Pretty scenery, shallow gameplay, lots of collecting useless baubles."
,Not Recommended,460930,31912669,Posted: 22 May,all,Kurama,Awful waste of money.
76561198018664787,Not Recommended,460930,30383723,Posted: 7 March,all,wirlwind22,"This game is too predictable and plays like an arcade game.  There's no depth and advanced players will quickly run through it.  It's GTA but with more rules.  'Oh no, you've hit a civillian'- that was in the crossfire.  If you stick around long enough in 1 spot it is like GTA when you've got 5 stars. Enemies just keep coming until you're dead. the information spots to move the non-linear plot along at some point just don't matter.  You spend the whole time trying to find the places where you can upgrade your guns and your gear... which is lacking.  A handfull of chices each even with everything unlocked.  Each village area or bad guy outpost is just a rehash of the last, and the game constantly reminds you of how it's pay to play. honestly, worst waste of time.  save your money, better spent elsewhere.  If I could give this game back I would right now, because I know I'll never play it again.  After playing this I feel like reviewers on UTube that are giving this positive reviews are being paid or just don't care.  Rating: 2/10.  2 because the graphics are at least decent, even if the animations are shotty."
,Not Recommended,460930,30447442,Posted: 11 March,all,Pfelpensson,"Please, seriously consider delaying purchasing the game.It's an excellent game, but the known issue of losing saved games (which seems to corrupt both the local and cloud copies of the save) has not been resolved.  I lost about 16 hours of progress, and am wary of diving back in until this is moved from ""known issue"" to ""resolved."
76561197994285610,Recommended,460930,32281148,Posted: 8 June,all,Aardvark Lord,"So, I put this as positive mostly to offset the raw negative, but in truth I have a VERY mixed attitude towards this game.  Here's the thing, the people complaining about this game not being a proper Ghost Recon game have a completely valid point.  It's not a Ghost Recon title.  It's some sort of cousin to the Farcry games.  However, I am coming from a stance of not particularly liking the Ghost Recon games, or most Tom Clancy titles for that matter.  To clarify, the Ghost Recon series is perfectly fine, it just never really scratched an itch for me.  Splinter Cell always handled a little strangely for me, Rainbow Six falls squarely alongside GR as good but not my thing, HAWX is a hot bucket of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and The Division just sort of makes me uncomfortable for its world view (seriously, why not just make it locals trying to take back the city, rather than these insidious government kill squads?) besides just having mediocre gameplay.  I am laying all this out so that the reader understands where I am in relation to other Tom Clancy titles.  So, what do I think of Wildlands?It's okay.  Decent.  Middle of the road.  I'd recommend the Farcry series or an older game like the GRAWs or perhaps something like the original Thief games over it, but it's an interesting case study if nothing else.  See, for everything the game does right, there's something else wrong, and I personally found it intriguing.  The gunplay isn't the best, but it can have fun moments, particularly when you mess up and have to fight your way out of a tight spot.  The core story is kind of bare bones and the endings are fairly unsatisfying, but it also quietly tries to address the morality of the situation and the endings essentially point out that, with a Cartel, there is no truly happy ending.  A sequence that pops up for me is a bit where you're trailing a target while listening to him talk to his wife and daughter on the phone.  This man is a cartel leader, but he's not one of the sorts that torture people for fun, and he's largely putting himself on the line out of desperation.  That scene deserves to be in a better game, and there are a lot of little moments that make me think that there are a few people at the studio that had higher aspirations.  The environment tries its best to be true to Bolivia while combining it with this sort of nightmare narco-state scenario, and as someone who's never been to Bolivia but has done a little bit of studying, I think it does a decent job.  The morality is portrayed interestingly, with the characters generally thinking they're in the right, but not flinching from showing that some of them (particularly the CIA handler) are a bit unhinged.  The characters, while not always interesting, can have some intriguing scenes, and the main villain is a peculiar take on the quiet badass.  The cars handle okay, but everything seems really fragile--I should not be able to shoot down an Apache with a single underbarrel-launched grenade.Basically, this is a game that has myriad flaws that can easily earn annoyance, but as someone who never liked Tom Clancy's stuff, it doesn't particularly offend me.  There are some people on the team who put their heart and soul into this, and I feel sorry for them.  There's good writing in some spots here, but it has to share space with very weak writers.  There's good game design in here caked under the crap that comes with a Ubisoft sandbox.  There's an interesting approach to a story dealing with the cartels here, but it was held back by 1) it being stapled to Ghost Recon, and 2) it being made sandbox.  I suspect this might be how I felt about the new Thief (which felt like a betrayal), though I can't be sure.  What I will say for certain is that I tentatively recommend this game for writers, game devs, other creatives, and those just looking for an interesting case of Jekkel and Hyde.  I personally enjoyed this game, partially in the sense of examining it and learning from it, and partially because I genuinely found it fun at a few points.  However, if you don't have a tolerance for problems with the game or if you are a die-hard fan of Ghost Recon, I certainly don't see a reason to argue."
76561198003823283,Not Recommended,460930,31178128,Posted: 16 April,all,ma|2a,"This game HAS NOT improved in over the 3 weeks since my purchase (released for over a month now). Not only does it freeze regularly, there are certain parts of the world that tank the frame rate and make the game virtually impossible to play. When it is playable, the framerate is more than acceptable and is extremely fun. I play plenty of stable AAA PC titles on Steam, but it appears that this game was rushed by Ubisoft in a condition not fit for final release to PC customers. My patience is at an end for a $100 commitment. Thanks for not refunding my money Steam.PC Specs:Intel Core i7 5930KCrossfire RX48064 GB DRAMWindows 10 Pro 64 bit"
,Not Recommended,460930,31675426,Posted: 10 May,all,CLINICAL DEPRESSION,can't run on medium with the recomended specs
76561198096624533,Not Recommended,460930,33469330,Posted: 11 July,all,Renegade_Chikn,"TL;DR at bottomIt's not worth a buy at full price. I would pick it up when it's on sale, which I did during the Summer Sales (sweet Gaben) The gameplay is pretty repetitive and boring, like even most of the missions are the same: Infiltrate a base, kill dudes, complete an objective - that's it. The supply raids - or ""side"" missions - are more or less the exact same thing, except it's in a different spot.The open world is beautiful, and very large at that. I'm actually impressed at how gorgeous some views are when flying a helicopter or being at the top of a mountain. But the vehicular physics in this game just ruin the whole open world for me. They're just so clunky and not fun; I find myself ignoring main missions, side missions, collectibles and even exploration cause they're just too far away - unless I get a helicopter. But even the helicopter physics and controls are boring. When you fly a helicopter, you hold down the W key until you start nose-diving down and then let go and hold shift/space. The whole time getting from point A to B you're just holding one button in hopes you don't get shot down by a SAM turret. Once you get spotted by one of those things - you're f*cked. The controls are stiff so you can't pull off some fancy maneuvers and even dodge the SAM missiles, so it's just frustrating.Character customization was amazing yet lackluster imo. I like to make my character look like a badass spec ops soldier or a rogue mercenary or something. But Ubisoft didn't add anything new to the table with the customization since the Open Beta. Didn't even put any clothing as a collectible like the Weapon Cases or Accessories. Just clothing items from eliminating bosses/buchons.Speaking of the Weapon Cases or Accessories, getting the collectibles is honestly kind of a grind but somewhat rewarding. From best to worst (imo), these are the different types of collectibles. Weapon Cases>Weapon Accessories>Skill Points>Supplies. Getting weapon cases/accessories can be fun and rewarding, but the one weapon/accessory you want could be like 10 km away, and you just don't want to travel all that distance to just get one thing, so you just progress through the story until you get to the province in which the collectible is in. Skill points aren't anything too special. The supplies are the most annoying imo. They're all the exact same concept except in different places. Supply raids which have helis or airplanes are annoying cause of the SAM turrets, and like I said, you're f*cked if you're spotted by one of those. Convoy raids are annoying cause AI just don't know how to shoot when you order them to assault. Using mines is useless because most of the time a civilian will just drive over the mine and blow up, ruining the ambush for you. Getting a helicopter and having AI shoot from above is a no go, cause they just don't even bother to shoot sometimes. And when you finally get the convoy to stop, some dumb sh8t will happen where some narco throws a nade at himself and blows up the convoy vehicle, wasting half of the supplies away.Story is lackluster; Ubisoft never had a strongsuit in creating good stories in their games. Voice acting is horrible as well, to the point where it's straight up cringey at times. None of the characters are likeable either.Gameplay is repetitive. It's mainly a mix between Arma/Far Cry/MGS:TPP. You're either stealthing or going guns blazing, idk how innovative that really sounds. Playing this with friends, although, is really fun. When you actually play the game tactically, it's really fun. Especially sync shotting with a full group is the most satisfying feeling ever - unlike having the AI have god-like rounds that can penetrate through literally everything. Speaking of AI, they're not entirely smart. AI wasn't ever Ubisoft's strongsuit either.TL;DRGame's not worth full price. If you want a simplified Arma, a militarized TPS Far Cry, or a modern elite-soldier based MGS:TPP, then go ahead and buy it. If you like to play coop, then I highly recommend getting this game when it's on sale."
,Recommended,460930,30455695,Posted: 11 March,all,Axel Xeron,"I've played this for a couple of hours, and I have come to the determination that you should NOT purchase this game unless you plan on having 2-3 friends playing with you AT ALL TIMES. The friendly AI units that take the place of players when you're alone are 100% absolute garbage. I'm talking storm troopers with blanks level of garbage. They will empty magazine after magazine at enemies less than 10 feet away and never kill a single one. Combine this with the CSGO pro level enemy AI which come at you in numbers which call to question how exactly one player and three monkeys with slingshots and a shortage of poo are meant to survive one engagement (let alone overthrow a cartel in a hostile, militarized country), and you have a recipe for frustration.That said, IF you have friends available to run a full group every time you play, this game can offer a somewhat challenging free roaming shooter experience. The combat feels like a shooter should, not resulting in random ""you're dead"" moments like Arma, and not requiring 47 magazines to the eyeball to kill one enemy (The Division, I'm looking at you). A headshot or two from a decent weapon will take down nearly any enemy, and it is actually possible to stay stealthy with a suppressor. The movement is a little bit clunky, mostly because the game automatically switches which shoulder the camera is over, which in the middle of combat can be disorienting and annoying. You can switch it back with middle mouse button, but I have yet to find a way to disable it."
,Not Recommended,460930,30443969,Posted: 11 March,all,akaBez,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF you are left handed player and / or useany of the: Ins, Home, PageUp, Del, End, PageDn keys.Those keys are un-bindable and Wildlands seem to block AutoHotKeySo you can't remap them even with a 3rd party software.I just refunded the game.you should do the same if you have the same problem.As well write a bad review about it.This is the only way to make ubi listen."
76561198331871364,Recommended,460930,30455114,Posted: 11 March,all,Sailor_Petey,so i havent even played this game for an hour and im already having an issue. i dont know if im a noob or something but i cant play the game without it pausing its self every 2 minutes or so. please help.
,Recommended,460930,30372248,Posted: 7 March,all,𝕬𝖑𝖊𝖍,Minuses:Car physicsShootingShotsAIPros:Not bad optimizationNatureCo-op
76561197970631911,Recommended,460930,30431947,Posted: 10 March,all,Kort,"Ubisoft got it right this time... have played other FPS/RPG titles before and there always seemed to be something in the game mechanics, controls that felt unfinished or broken.  But so far the gameplay, graphics & audio all seem spot on!This next point maybe a minor point to most but I am one of those weird people who like to use ""invert Y axis"", this was a feature that was missing from the last Ubisoft title I played and unfortunatley that stopped the game for me. I can't help it, my head is just wired that way! Thankfully there seems to be a full suite of control options to suit all the most quirky players.I will says though that I have only played this in co-op mode so far and has been a blast. So cannot comment on how the game feels when solo and joined by NPC team mates.The game world is very large, plenty to explore. There is a main story arc to follow with hundreds of optional side missions to earn skill up resources and just enjoy nailing the enemy....Gets the thumbs up here."
,Recommended,460930,30816412,Posted: 29 March,all,Screwbles,"I think it's really good.  However, cooperative play with other people is extremely important to the fun factor of the game.  Where this game shines is hilarious moments when s*** hits the fan, or random calmities of all kinds ensue in co-op.  It's equally fun when things go really well and you both/all feel awesome because you just took on a huge base without raising a single alarm.  Plus-- assault tractors."
76561198147363181,Recommended,460930,30999776,Posted: 7 April,all,Munkf1sh,"Game is dope, bring a friend.  Matchmaking is alright but if u got a couple buddies that like to coop in shooters this is the greatest coop shooter of all time in my opinion.  So much more fun than nazi zombies and shiz.  If your a lonely kid with no IRL buddies to play with do not get this game."
76561198298785502,Recommended,460930,35465102,Posted: 4 October,all,Cu Cai,fun game
,Not Recommended,460930,35434698,Posted: 2 October,all,Papa Malice,"All in all somewhat of a let down. To keep things short and sweet;Visually the game is beautiful and easy on the eyes, game play and machanics are fun and precise. However leave it to Ubisoft having you do the same thing over, and over, and over again. I want to give this game higher praise but its repetive nature keeps me from reccomending it to anyone, wait till its on sale."
,Recommended,460930,33612293,Posted: 17 July,all,LPP MaNiiaC,"Very good game. Its very fun with friends but the dlc arent worth it.,The map is crazy and the open world make the game much better"
76561198040956446,Recommended,460930,33618259,Posted: 17 July,all,TootOnMyPoosyXD,Story sucks. its a fun grindy game. good to play with friends. good graphics and gunplay. buggy at times. pretty average. if you are going to buy it get it on sale.
76561198054068421,Not Recommended,460930,33844644,Posted: 27 July,all,GhostSR,This review is in regard to recent changes made to the game. The changes made to helicopter controls via a game pad controller are horrible. You no longer have the feeling of fast seat of the pants flying when trying to follow terrain or skim the river surfaces. The changes are clunky and the lack of ability to remap the game pad makes the game unplayable.
76561198009375142,Not Recommended,460930,33891935,Posted: 29 July,all,AmityvilleToast,"Nope, Get the division instead much better"
,Recommended,460930,34311645,Posted: 17 August,all,BuffaloSoldier,Excellent!!
,Recommended,460930,30479979,Posted: 12 March,all,Dan K. Memes,10/10Saw boobs 8-)
,Recommended,460930,32247434,Posted: 7 June,all,Maxfarace,"This is a stealth game and yet there is no option to ""restart mission"" when you get detected? ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. I don't know any other game in the world (especially a stealth game) that does not have that option. That alone makes this game so hard to play. The game is extremely fun in every other aspect (huge map, runs okay, decent graphics, decent mechanics), and the stealth is really well done. But as soon as I'm detected then it gets boring and you just have to run in and die so that you can restart the mission. This is extremely time consuming because you have to die, wait for the AI to revive you, then run in and die again just to restart the mission. And on top of that you spawn so far away from the mission zone that it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to get back.This game is a lot of fun, but you have to have A LOT of patience. Definitely worth the $60. Sure the game has a more loose campaign, but it's still the most money for story that I have ever gotten from a game. A solid 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,33708876,Posted: 21 July,all,facelesscowboy,Love the gameplay. Reminds me a little bit of ARMA 3. Love the realism of the bullet drop and the time the bullet takes to hit the target. Love the stealth and tactical game style.
,Recommended,460930,33770608,Posted: 24 July,all,LimfiBitch,"Maybe One Of The Best Open World Games I've Ever Played. There is A Lot Of Things To Do, Love It When I Duo With My Freind Its Just Awesome. Much Much Better Than GTA V"
76561198054864782,Not Recommended,460930,33849629,Posted: 27 July,all,(4SFG)ItsTikoMyDude,"This game is just one big let down. The main game and DLC's are easy on the hardest difficulty and the DLC's don't add anything really, sure a few enemy types in Fallen Ghosts but they are so easy to kill the stealth guys are easy to spot even without thermals the heavies require a few headshots which is easy the jammers are just dumb the snipers are just better snipers. If you buy this game it is a waste of your money. The game sells on being free form but it really isn't the trailer makes it look like you can take down the cartel in anyway you like but you cant you have a linear open world. PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,460930,34070997,Posted: 6 August,all,Ompalis,This game would have been awesome if they optimased id! Lag spikes and random stuttering all the time! Besides that! Solid game!
,Recommended,460930,34334756,Posted: 18 August,all,machstem™,"Simple review.Pros:Graphics are fantasticThe weapons feel heavyFantastic audio; very immersiveCons:Weird glitches; helicopter launching you under map, enemy showing up randomly behind you during certain cinematic eventsVery repetitive; I understand it's open world, but after the first 40 missions, it's rinse and repeatWhat I would love to see from this engine, not the series:I would love to play a game such as STALKER with this engine; dark fantasy/sci-fi.  Trading, setting up bases, travelling a vast territory filled with mutants and anomalies, etcAll in all it's a pretty great game, although I'd wait for a sale of price drop if you are expecting more than a mrginal storyline."
76561198188742987,Recommended,460930,30517728,Posted: 14 March,all,D0NATELLO,"Impressed Skeptic here.A number of friends and myself were adamant about never pre-ordering a Ubisoft game again after the abhorrent releases of The Division, Rainbow Six Seige, countless Assassin's Creed games, etc. After playing the Beta and being very impressed, we broke down and pre-ordered this game... And we were not let down (now more than a week after release and 38 hours in).This game looks fantastic. The gameplay is nearly flawless (minus a few needed tweaks). The weapons and customization are excellent. The side missions can become a bit repetitive, but the wide variety of terrain in the different zones of the [HUGE] map, along with the variety of methods to complete the missions (stealth, guns a blazin', vehicular, aerial insertion, etc.) negate that repetition and make the game feel new all over again.The devil is in the details, and Wildlands nails the details; from dynamic dirt/mud on characters to rotor wash and exhaust from helicopters.As for the network, I have not experienced nor heard of any issues jumping in and out of games with friends.If you are skeptical about this game because of Ubisoft's less than stellar track record as of late, rest assured that this game is everything it is billed to be and more. I, for one, could not be more satisfied with Wildlands."
76561198244788938,Recommended,460930,34701262,Posted: 2 September,all,cardona1938,Best game I own! Nothing better!
,Not Recommended,460930,34555252,Posted: 28 August,all,Pulu,Mission are bugged cant get any reward materials by complete them
76561198043501813,Recommended,460930,34790092,Posted: 7 September,all,Alcatrackz DHH,one of the best games this year!
76561198070278920,Not Recommended,460930,35001638,Posted: 16 September,all,Lord Hellraiser,Terrinle connection problems and rarely get a chance to play due to Taraja 1-100 errors or something liek that. Ubisoft has had many chances to fix there game and many many times i have tried to fix it but all they suggest is port forwarding bs and nothing from them to fix it. they blame there users. Absolutley ridiculous customer support.
,Recommended,460930,35075320,Posted: 19 September,all,dandavies88,Yes.
76561198179805271,Recommended,460930,35434705,Posted: 2 October,all,M4ST3R SY \ TradeSkinsFast.com,MASSIVE OPEN WORLD SHOOTER.(You need a powerful PC to play smoothly and a good graphic card ESPECIALLY)Overall I enjoyed playing with my friends!
76561198164418470,Recommended,460930,31712140,Posted: 12 May,all,☩ Letholdus de Holy Sepulchre,"Very good, impressive"
76561197963476268,Recommended,460930,32557298,Posted: 18 June,all,TOG | Barricade,"Like the Division that came before it, Ubi Soft have delivered another impressively detailed open world. The makers of Wildlands have improved on the game play of division, taking away 'leveling up' with skills improving your ability to use skills and carry additional gear for the most part.A level 1 can happily play with a level 30 ghost with no impediment making the multiplayer all that much fun to drop in and out of.Like the Division, the story line is impressively complex if you choose to actually pay attention to what's happening around you. It must have taken a great deal of story boarding.I would characterise it as ""GTA as a special forces soldier in south america"".Worth the purchase."
76561198119831627,Not Recommended,460930,34063048,Posted: 6 August,all,mikeofallmikes,would be a great game but ubisoft does their absoult best to rune every game they tuch with so much 3rd part BS that it becomes impossible to start up with some update you don't need. nobody gives two sh*ts about what your ubisoft accomplishments are. that's what we have steam/psn/xboxlive for.
76561198156786917,Not Recommended,460930,34433244,Posted: 23 August,all,✪ Artix,Regret is the word!
76561198077147740,Not Recommended,460930,34719289,Posted: 3 September,all,[FPSU] SlickNixon,Why are you guys still charging full price for this game and the dlc when its half this price on uplay.
,Recommended,460930,30820722,Posted: 29 March,all,StonerHiiWay420,"WildLands Review.WildLands gets a 7 out of 10.This game is bloody ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.The story is awesome. The character customization is awesome. The map is huge. The story has a lot jokes, which are really funny.The characters make small talk which is really funny at times but can feel repetitive.But it does have glitch's in it's early state that will make you question the game, or laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off.The only reason I'm giving this game a 7 out of 10 is.The vehicles feel really fake when driving them. But the damage they take is really realistic which I like.It has content other than DLC's, like weapons and character customization parts that you have to pay for.Also the AI in singleplayer are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Example of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI kinda goes like this.Stay here I need you to stay in this room to help me lure enemies up the stairs. AI follows command. 10 to 20 seconds later. AI ♥♥♥♥ this man I'm bored of this ♥♥♥♥ing room. Walks down the stairs and dies. Player try's to revive AI and dies because he or she is out numbered now.I recommend playing online.PVP will be coming soon as well, which will be fun but probably unbalanced."
76561198060381863,Recommended,460930,30821311,Posted: 29 March,all,Longrod Von Hugendong,This is what The Division should've been. Definitely the best game Ubisoft has put out in recent years.
76561198353953551,Recommended,460930,30824139,Posted: 29 March,all,red and white,老哥们玻利维亚人民需要你们
76561198074093311,Not Recommended,460930,33798076,Posted: 25 July,all,Plato,"It's repetative. I got bored after 30 hours and it kinda just wasn't fun after awhile. I believe that comes with the mission design. Every mission is imaginative in it's presentation with the colorful characters and whatnot, but, the execution of the missions are all the same. Kill everyone is the norm. There are no real big bases or any real adventures to go on, which wastes the large amount of space in the world map. Without any meaning to what we are doing it just turns into a shooting gallery in various landscapes with the same sicarios copied and pasted. It just isn't very satisfying. It tried to do a farcry deal without having anything real to explore except for the same copied camps across the land. The gun play feels nice and its silly vehicles are amusing, but at the end of it, theres no substantially interesting ranking, collecting, loot, or anything worth more than a 20-30 hour run. It all feels so bland, ""Meh out of 10."" They should have done a more active system where the drug cartel actually fights back. NOW that would have been awesome. Like El Beautiful or whatever sends a fat army to attack your base, or SOME SORT OF ACTIVE CONFLICT DEAR GOD IM SUFFOCATING FROM THE BOREDOM!!!"
76561198029014649,Recommended,460930,33870067,Posted: 28 July,all,USMC  DRP,"Great open world game.  Very good job on trajectory profiles.  Would like to see longer range sighting capability when those timies of perfect conditions occur.  At the same time, the changes in ability to see and sight for given atmoshperic conditions is very well done.  Would be excited about player on player combat.  Am very much looking forward to continued map and mission expansion..hopefully into other parts of South America and potential effective Drug War engagement towards the US."
,Not Recommended,460930,34263481,Posted: 15 August,all,IconikHazard,"Overall the game is decent but there are a few major problems that just make the game boring after a while of playing. The game is fun by using stealth until one missed shot automatically alerts the entire base that you're attacking and they all know exactly where you are. The map is huge and the game lets you go to any part of the map at any point in the game. The problem with this is that you can essentially find the best weapons in the game right of the bat and it eliminates the potential later in the game because you won't be able to get better gear as you can already have it all if you find it. It should restrict the harder parts of the map until you finish the objectives in the lower parts of the map to have some reward as you progress in the game. Also, the game is overall pretty repetitive as all the missions are pretty much the same thing (kill all the enemies and loot the supplies in an area and move on to the next) over and over again. All the side missions consisting of supply bonuses and skill points are also repetitive. The game has overall fun combat but it gets tiring as you continue to play the game."
,Not Recommended,460930,34605665,Posted: 30 August,all,Ravenaki,"What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ h0mo games, i spent couple of days playing it with another 3♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from com follower, i cant even remember their face properly because they look like some random people i pick on street. No team customization at all, wow on this huge game?? Seriously, what a lazy developer!"
,Not Recommended,460930,34700285,Posted: 2 September,all,LevelOn Twitch.tv/levelongaming,"It has a pretty good formula at its core but is missing something crucial. Within 10-15 mins you will get a handle on their ""rinse and repeat"" aspect of this game, and that is about all the depth it has. It lacks the innovation needed to mask the repetitive nature of a sandbox game such as this. I think making it easy to get helicopters too ruins the game. Feels like you are playing with cheat codes much too often.I really would have enjoyed this game more if they added matchmaking for squad vs squad multiplayer. Same thing was really lacking from The Division too.Pick it up when its cheap, but dont expect a lot of depth here."
76561198035315467,Not Recommended,460930,35226072,Posted: 26 September,all,GOO GOO GA GA,"at first the game was awsome, addicting and a blast to play. but when you get past the 20 hours mark the game became repetitive, boring and uninteresting. in my opnion the game is an L .buy it on sale (best price: 30$ or less)"
76561198088976351,Recommended,460930,35238973,Posted: 27 September,all,♔M♔ Lord Nelson,"This game is really good it's like a mix between just cause 3 and Metal Gear Solid 5, if you like either or both of those games for even just ubi soft games you will love this one."
76561198084247823,Recommended,460930,30432263,Posted: 10 March,all,BlackGhost,"The game is very good, only problem is that right now is completely unplayable. I feel like i just paid $60 for an alpha stage game, it stutter freezes randomly, and the weirdest thing is that the stutter is more like a timestop, you can view around while you're completely frozen at 60fps, it has some kind of a problem loading textures, there are a bunch of bugs, sometimes targets don't spawn or behave how the're supposed to, i crashed a car on a rock and went under the map of the game skydiving to death, weapons become invisible, its just freaking weird, i don't think this game is finished. I do recommended however, because if it was playable i would give it a 9 out of 10, very fun gameplay."
,Not Recommended,460930,30387712,Posted: 8 March,all,t4ks,"THIS REVIEW IS FOR EXPERIENCED PC PLAYERS. CASUALS AND FANBOIS WILL DOWNVOTE, BUT IDC.Do I recommend this game? No. Not because its THAT bad, but because the PC community clearly is on the very bottom end on the priorities for Ubisoft. ONCE AGAIN. Will I recommend it once it gets (way) cheaper and if you have 4 player group? Yes. But for now:The game has horrible optimization. My system with i5 6600k@4,4 GHz and ASUS ROG STIX GTX 1070 OC reaches about 30-40 FPS with everything on the highes. I know, it's not the best stuff you can buy currently, but it should be enough to compete with a 300 € console, right?Next thing, you can't play the game if it's not installed at the same drive as your windows 10. So if you have a 120GB SSD with Win and some stuff on it that you don't want to remove, do NOT buy this game since you cannot play it.If you are one of the lucky few that can launch the game and not getting CTD's every few minutes, you will encounter these things:- very boring overall gameplay. The game want's to be a tactical shooter but it is nowhere necessary. It's that type of ""we tell you you have variety in playstyles, but without marketing language: we want to make this game toddler friendly"" game. You don't need all that tactics and gadgets when you can just run up on enemies and steamroll them guns blazing.- 2005 standard hairworks- Gun muzzle flashes right from Doom 1- ~5 Second freezes every now and then that might cause your group to dispand when playing coop- A variety of 3 different mission types that are repeating throughout the whole game: Steal♥♥♥♥♥♥ interrogate♥♥♥♥♥♥or kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ Well, I won't lie: there's also the obvious Ubisoft collectibles throughout the world.- Worst vehicle controls you have encoutered for a long time- Worst helicopter controls you have encountered since you were born- Which directly leads to the question, if the armed helicopters (miniguns) are for Air-Air battles only. IDK how they imagined ground support with that, it's just impossible- Kinda odd pixelated textures and rough/edgy models on your guns when ADS- the next lvl of super soldier, the GHOSTS - your teammates are invisible for enemy AI until the player is spotted.- The enemy AI! very very cheap programmed. If they notice you, they can spot you through vegitation. If one enemy knows where you are, every enemy knows where you are. If you call in a mortar strike and not kill everyone with it, the surving enemies will know exactly where you are. Goes for basically everything - if you kill someone from 500m away and a second enemy notices it, everyone instantly knows your exact location. Oh and if they attach you, it's like they have aimbot. Running, dodging, or them tripping over in the jeep they came with while hanging our of the window - don't care, you get hit.- The civil AI is also something that looks like it was programmed 10 years ago. Civil AI Cars will just run over other AI's like no ♥♥♥♥s given. If enemy guard coincidently patrols on a street at the moment cars are on that street, they will just run them over no matter what. keep on driving like no ♥♥♥♥♥ given. Enemy AI doesn't care also if their mates die right infront of them by traffic. If there's an obstacle on the road, cars will just stand there and stack up until you have about 10 cars in a line. And they stay that way until you do something with it.- Like in far cry there are rebels that patrol and occationally fight with the enemies. But if the enemies are from a mission (like a convoy or somethign) they can stand 1m next to each other and won't care at allLast but not least:- Full price AAA title with Microtransactions..........Yeah you can see all that was encoutered by not trying to find it, but just playing the game. in about 5 hours. But I can also say something positive about this game:- overall graphics are not as good as in the trailers, but still very good. The game looks just beautiful, no doubt.- World design really is beautiful. The view distance and overall panorama view is just stunning sometimes.- Coop gameplay is fun, but not very long. You will very soon notice that any tactical approach is just for yourself to feel good, but not because the game gives you a challenge and you have to be tactical. Either way, it's fun.- Customization and variety of weapons is goodMy summary: this game has 2017 optics, definetly. But for a Open World game, there are plenty of games that did it WAY better than this. Besides the nice landscape views the open world has nothing to offer other then travel time and watching the AI derping around. Honestly, it feels like the last few Ubisoft games: Finish whatever is ready on 7th march 2017. Date is no subject to change."
76561198074295592,Not Recommended,460930,30443634,Posted: 11 March,all,T(r)3nky,"In a AAA SINGLEPLAYER/coop title there are cosmetics and weapons locked behind a FU**ING PAYWALL?!?!♥♥♥♥ right off with this practice UBI!!! This is the last game that I've bought from you....not to mention declining quality of every single one of them, this is UNFORGIVABLE CASHGRAB.There is a limit to how much you can insult your players...and Ubi has breached that limit."
76561198065264931,Recommended,460930,30640164,Posted: 20 March,all,Berthild,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▄░░░░░░░░▄███▀░◐░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░▌░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░▌░░░░░▐▄▄░░░░░░░░░▌░░░░▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄░░░▐░░░░▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▄░░░▐░░░░▐▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄░░░░▀▄░░░░▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄░░░░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░▌▌░▌▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▌▌░▌▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▌▌▄▌▌░░░░░
76561198042344939,Not Recommended,460930,30479892,Posted: 12 March,all,Kyle,"Working fine at first, now it won't even launch. This isn't even considering all the optimization issues in game. I'll update once they fix the gameEDIT*The game's stability issues, for the most part, have been fixed and I've been able to actually play the game. In previous patches, there was stuttering during auto saves; this issue has been fixed in the latest patch as of 3/24/17.Overall, I really like the game. It does a lot of things right and a lot of things wrong, like driving and flying for example. Seriously, fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥I've noticed that the game can look as good as the E3 presentation when all graphics are on ultra, hence why some of the top-of-the-line hardware barely pushes 60 fps at times. At least they didn't bait/switch this game, right?The game can have an arcade-ish feel at moments, but that's mostly because of the HUD, which is highly customizable. I've removed all HUD except for the radar in the bottom right; this completely changed the feel of the game, giving it a ""hardcore"" feel.The damage output/received is highly realistic on the hardest difficulty: 2 shots will kill you, as will it the enemy. You really have to stay in cover or else you face the dreaded waiting time to be picked up/respawn (default is 1 minute). For some reason they thought it was a good idea to add a perk skill to extend that waiting countdown timer..I will recommend the game if you have a friend and you both have decent computers. Don't expect the performance to get much better, because this is a graphically demanding game with an extremely far view distance and enough vegetation to feed a colony of vegans."
76561198339346709,Not Recommended,460930,30399335,Posted: 8 March,all,nawaf,vehicle control is a JOKE !choppy fps tooas usual ubisoft
76561198055444975,Not Recommended,460930,30481855,Posted: 12 March,all,Warden,"*snipe a guy with a silenced weapon without being spotted*cartel member: holy♥♥♥♥♥♥guys send reinforcments to the enemy locationme: haha, the joke is on you however, as i was not--enemy: there is the enemy! behind the rock and in the bush!me: but..."
76561198329553453,Not Recommended,460930,30431688,Posted: 10 March,all,sid140982,I have a GTX 970 with a I7 6700 and i can safely say i could not even get 60fps even on medium settings. I locked the frames to 30 and still it was stuttering and frame dipping. Graphics were brilliant but the game seems repetitive. I only did about 3 missions but they felt all the same. Find a base kill some guards then free or capture the boss. Same old ubisoft. If you have similar specs as me then i wouldnt recommend this game. I would of kept it if it ran fine but im not paying £40 for a game that doesnt run smooth. I can run other demanding games at Ultra settings at 60fps. Im never ever buying a Ubisoft game again i don't care how good it looks
76561197993269828,Not Recommended,460930,30398557,Posted: 8 March,all,Psychonaut,vehicle control probably the most embarrassing component of the gameplay.
76561198126424141,Not Recommended,460930,30433867,Posted: 10 March,all,Preotic,"Ever since I downloaded this game it's been slowly eating my disk. I had  2 gb on my C: disk, and in the past 2 days (with about 6 hours of gameplay) those 2 gb disappeared completely.I like the game, but it's honestly not healthy for your computer..."
76561198033578084,Recommended,460930,30381435,Posted: 7 March,all,Trident Layers,"This game is the most fun I've had in a long time, I highly recommend!"
76561198044412506,Not Recommended,460930,30481034,Posted: 12 March,all,Childish Sadbino,worked on launch no problem now i cant see enemys throw nades tag anything do anything cant even see cars took me 20mins to load for♥♥♥♥♥♥wtf was this optimisation they made the game unplayable for 10 extra fpsi hope they bring out another update soon
76561198058604400,Not Recommended,460930,30456355,Posted: 11 March,all,BluBari,sucks. Stuck on loading screen for 15 min. Usual FPS is 40 to 50 on a gtx 1080 on 1440p screen
76561198055845063,Not Recommended,460930,30393841,Posted: 8 March,all,Shoji,"Runs pretty poorly on the ""recommended"" hardware. Framedrops a plenty. Game Ready drivers are now here, and the game still runs like garbage. From visual bugs like models not appearing, grenades not exploding, and sync issues in co op in general. Extremely poor optimization. Either change your ""recommended hardware"" to something much higher, or actually work to make the game run the way you claim it does."
76561198113751505,Not Recommended,460930,33223681,Posted: 4 July,all,shafzxx,gets boring if ou are playing it alone.
,Recommended,460930,30379551,Posted: 7 March,all,MxxiiiF,Arma 3.5: The Easy Control Edition
76561198143604157,Recommended,460930,30371221,Posted: 7 March,all,Shmoovin,"First off, Stop hating on the game just because it was made by Ubisoftsecond, it is a decent game and everyone is only thinking about the bad stuff, but none of the stuff that make the game good.And Third, Everyone says that it is just a clone of MGSV TPP, and I can see were they are coming from, but I dont know if it is just me but I ♥♥♥♥ing love MGSV"
76561197961049376,Not Recommended,460930,30528943,Posted: 15 March,all,Hoversch,"Fun in the first hours.The hunt for weapons and equipment is really nice and fun.Later on, bugs and wierd gameplay make the experience somewhat worse.Enemies shooting from their heads instead of the weapons in their hands, so they can shoot from ridiculous cover.Enemies shooting through stuff the player can't shoot through. (40ft containers, grating etc.)One storyline where you have to be stealthy is bugged beyond comprehension. (I got in, got the objective and had to leave the base unspotted. Did so. Mission did not update.)Graphics are nice though and if they fix those bugs it will be a nice game. Not like this though. Frustration is real."
76561198293735740,Not Recommended,460930,30494385,Posted: 13 March,all,no longer in use,"i made a review on the open beta being alot of fun,guess it just doesnt hold up ;-;"
,Not Recommended,460930,30398236,Posted: 8 March,all,matty491,"The game is good, when it works the way it should, yes some people might say the overall gameplay is repetitive but to the same degree they aren't.The main problem with this game right now is the AI. The AI is beyond frustrating. You could spend 30 minutes setting up the scene to take down an underboss nice and stealthily so they don't know what hits them only for your squad mates to be seen at the last minute and blow everything to♥♥♥♥♥♥Now if there was a quick save and quick load function sure this might not be as big as a deal but when the only way to restart a mission is to quit to menu and then jump back in, travel back to the mission area and then start again it's just not worth it.9 times out of 10 most firefights will go loud whether you want them to or not.As it stands I don't recommend this game just for the sheer frustrating AI."
76561198112945575,Recommended,460930,30400496,Posted: 8 March,all,✪ 3xpL1c1t ™,Best helicopter simulator!!!!10/10
,Recommended,460930,30400479,Posted: 8 March,all,Vanquish,Narration sound quit working...?(Cant hear Ghost or any other voice) happend during beta as well any clue how to fix it?
,Not Recommended,460930,30948399,Posted: 4 April,all,Spookli (Skeyli),"The map is huge which i like the graphics are very good but need such a good graphic card to work properly some people are still on older graphic cards like gtx 850m or even older ones so if you have a bad graphic card i recommend you to NOT buy it because you will have really small FPS rate so you will probably not like it.The second thing i want about is the system and the main ""purpose"" of the game i like the concept of the stealth military ""ghosts"" but sometimes the ""Stealth"" just feels repetetive and sometiems you cant even use it because the guy will spot you through 3 goddamn walls *love ubisoft* and u will be detected automaticly.The third thing i want to talk about missions oh god here we are the missions are made Repetive and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ basically a concept of ""Go there do that"" and nothing else destroy this kill that and thats it this is what i hate about the missions in Wildlands they are repetetive. Some of the mission are even impossible without a friend/random guy for example ""Escort el pulpo safely to the airport"" when the bots are not even shooting the minigunners on top of the cars and el pulpo leaves the car and runs under the miniguns even if the car is in perfect state this is the problem with the game so i will say i DO NOT recommend the game if you are seeking for a deep story and common sense."
,Not Recommended,460930,32144146,Posted: 2 June,all,Defog the Polliwog,"graphics are awful unless you have a god tier computer. the physics especially for driving is really unbearable and killer to play with. arcady type game, overall not fun.."
,Not Recommended,460930,31434905,Posted: 29 April,all,big moist,decent gameplayhowever there are gamebreaking bugs and god awful vehicle control especially if you go off-roadAI is also beyond ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198092010551,Recommended,460930,30694325,Posted: 23 March,all,mikey 0 scoops,i like this game10/10 would play wildlandsagain.
,Not Recommended,460930,32320889,Posted: 10 June,all,Shuga,garbage
,Not Recommended,460930,31476593,Posted: 30 April,all,TylerCrazyWolf,"Game seems really cool to play with others but by yourself the game is super boring, I played a little over a hour before just asking for a refund because me personally, I didn't have very much fun in the first few missions, maybe I judged too quick but it feels like a reskinned The Devision just in wildlands instead of a city."
76561197977378482,Not Recommended,460930,31334146,Posted: 23 April,all,Dick Butkiss,"I've never put up a review for a game before but this i feel needs it.TERRIBLE OPTIMIZATION, like god awful. My pc isn't exactly a potato either:-i5 6600K Oc'd to 4.7ghz-16gb DDR4 @3200mhz-MSI R9 380 4gb-Resolution of 1920x1080I know my GPU is a little old but i should not be getting this bad of performance. I can get no higher than 55fps unless i'm standing still staring into the damn sky! (If you bought the game to birdwatch or for a great standing still simulator then you'll adore this game) This is with the absolute lowest settings possible as well, which makes it look like I'm playing a game from '09.79.99$ for this??? You might as well just bang your head off your keyboard until that hole in your pocket where this game now is gets forgotten.But hey, I'm sure it'd be a blast if it didn't run like a potato."
76561198054700878,Recommended,460930,33207941,Posted: 3 July,all,John Fkn Rambo,"I HIGHLY recomend this title! Gobs and gobs of content, & runs very smooth. In game mechanics are awesome. 99% of community pub players ive played with in Co-op games are using mics.My time spent both playing solo & with friends has been quite fun!I'd have to give Ghost recon Wildlands a solid 9/10 for playability, graphics and fun!"
,Recommended,460930,30393046,Posted: 8 March,all,¡smax',LEGENDARY
,Recommended,460930,30398830,Posted: 8 March,all,XeeX,Good
76561198005148157,Not Recommended,460930,30396498,Posted: 8 March,all,`Blittzd,"co op doesnt work with friends still, such bs. Tried everything. Please fix this, dont buy it unless you want a semi ok single player experience. Cant recommend until its fixed. 80 dollars and I dont even know If I will get my refund back because of 2 hours of ""playtime"" when really its 2 hours of ""trying to make co op work"". So disappointed."
76561198009815639,Not Recommended,460930,31460309,Posted: 30 April,all,seppo6667,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU ARE GOING TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS..... i mean it friendly AI in this game is a steaming bag of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥BUT with friends its not a bad game a few good moments but the worst thing by far for me with this game is the way vehicles handle ESPECIALLY the helicolpters OH MY GOD you literally couldnt ♥♥♥♥ it up anymore if you tried it makes no sense its downright laughable and not in a good way wait till its on sale at the very least6/10could go into more detail but not going to
,Recommended,460930,30417659,Posted: 9 March,all,Mr Sheepie,"""I can't run this game! My setup is a GTX 670, i2 1.9GHz CPU, and my 2GB of ram. 0/10!!!!!!""These reviews make me laughAnyways, nice game. Very addicting."
76561198007912683,Recommended,460930,30372408,Posted: 7 March,all,Monstermaker,Another cool game from Ubisoft.
76561198068316888,Not Recommended,460930,30398420,Posted: 8 March,all,Don'Han,Waiting for a day when Ubisoft actually makes a game where co-op works and i can actually join my friends instead of looking at an error screen.
,Not Recommended,460930,35437454,Posted: 2 October,all,ContractedBeef,"I really don't know what to say.  I like this game, the way I play it... I totally can't recommend it they way it's designed.  Stop trying to make this a hodgepodge of Seige meets the Division - you're breaking it.Pros:- Beautiful world.- Good mission concepts.- If you slow down and pay attention to the story - it's actually pretty good.Cons:- The CIA can afford a helo in every rebel town, but allowing me to take a legit Go-Bag with an M4/CCO/Silencer/30rnd MagPuls, and an M11?  I had to scrounge that stuff from the countryside?  Really?- The skill system is a joke.  Apparently I was recalled from retirement, because I have to spend a few days running around the countryside to get my strength up to carry an additional mag or grenade?  That should be a factor of the vest/backpack/gear system.- Stop trying to make this like ""Seige"" with classes for PvP or ""The Division"" with some skill progression where your sheer awesomeness impacts the deadliness of rounds flying through the air like its some Matrix half-cocked redux and you can control the mass or speed of bullets with your mind (or XP or whatever you want to call it). OMG... The Division - Was that a freaking early access game?... it changed so much it was unplayable - can I get my money back on that one?Recommendations:- Give players a choice of two starting guns and a sidearm with all the attachments.  No operator is going to go into battle with a freaking 20 round mag in an assault rifle.  You might as well leave the freaking thing at the safehouse.- Give players a choice of ONE vest/backpack to start and make how many grenades, C4, drones whatever; and bullet resistence and maneuverability a factor of the gear.- Instead of scrounging for gear across the countryside (or I should say maybe in addition to) - Let players order crap from Amazon or AliBaba or whatever when you're at a safehouse like you would in real life using an in-game money system (kind of like your XP).  You started with the IBA and it's too clunky?  Order that new plate carrier online... Want a 4x instead of that Red Dot?  Order it online... and then have to wait for it to arrive - oh and you ordered it delivered to ""such and such safehouse""?... yeah well that's burned now too.  Make the choices have consequences.  It ups the difficulty without having to make the AI psychic aimbots.Overall:  Great ... no Super Amazing concept.  Poor... nearly fatal execution."
,Not Recommended,460930,30572441,Posted: 17 March,all,SaranKhorne,"It's not a bad game, but it's not worth full price. The concept is great but it was poorly executed. I will be talking about things i dont like here so.1. You are in Bolivia fighting for the rebel... minigun on every single armed vehicles. Rebels modified truck? minigun. enemies armored vehicle? minigun. small gun boat? minigun. helicopter? mini gun. Bolivia is rich as ♥♥♥♥.2. Minigun mounted vehicles aim so bad. You cant aim at higher or lower angle with minigun mounted vehicles. In some cars you cant even turn your gun at the side.3. Vehicle physics is garbage. Combinding that with previous point. You will have a hard time chasing enemy vehicles.4. Lots of gun, but they all feel the same.5. Cant aim down from top of the building??? Can only do that to target that are far away or at the same building level. So if you are at the top of building, you cant prevent them from entering the door, never.6. Stupid AI, both ally and enemy.7. Stupid civilians that will always run at your gun sight. I accidently killed a lot of them.8. Repetitive mission.9. Play with friends and you will throw alot of time tagging supplies. Why cant my team tag supply for me? i mean i have to wait the freaking animation to finish before i can tag supply of the same crate instead of going to find other supply crates.10. The mission where you shouldnt be spotted, i shot down a guy at the moment he saw me before he could react. I failed, because i was spotted even though i shot with silenced gun before he makes any sound, move or sound the alarm.11. Story12. Ubisoft"
,Recommended,460930,31439096,Posted: 29 April,all,vito0719,not much fun when playing alone though
76561198139127118,Not Recommended,460930,30671683,Posted: 22 March,all,WopsterWyatt,"gameplay is sub par and sort of boring, graphics are decent. Wait for a sale, DO NOT BUY AT 60 DOLLARS, TRUST ME."
,Not Recommended,460930,33247346,Posted: 4 July,all,Dolan Fabiano,This is the worst hour in my ♥♥♥♥ing life lmao.
76561198072903361,Recommended,460930,31145088,Posted: 14 April,all,spyguy008,best damn game ever. Anyone that desagrees is just not in a good mental state :Djust a way to say that i'm very satisfied :D
,Not Recommended,460930,30567790,Posted: 17 March,all,Andez,"Some mysteries will remain unsolved, like how i managed to endure this steaming bug infested title.I would honestly gift this game to people i hate as a means of torture.Although my chopper did a backflip once and that was pretty hilarious.Strongly, strongly, stroooooongly would not recommend unless you're going to be playing with 2-3 friends the entire playthrough."
,Not Recommended,460930,30581435,Posted: 17 March,all,Ich hasse,i hate the ally AI i hate that you cant leave them behind or customize them which ruins da IMERZION but seriously the freindly AI are stupid and should have the option to be left back at base
76561198178069869,Not Recommended,460930,32203628,Posted: 5 June,all,Frantic,"The game itself, might be okay...But the Uplay? It Sucks. it really sucks.Why should I have to suffer from its poor maintanance problem?Every 1 of ten times, when I try to play their games, the platform is down.Even if you want to play alone, by yourself, no excuses. They say wrong password, log in first.Every games I have purchased, based in Uplay, like the Division, of the Far Cry series, this Uplay is the problem.I don't play games every day. I'm not a heavy user but I love to play games. So it is a exact state, to say 1 of ten times Uplay is down and I can't play the game I have purchased.Today, when I got back to home from work, I felt like shooting some narcos in the game, in the scenario mode. But you know what? Yeah you now that I even couldn't turn on the game.Then I realized, I thought I loved the games branded Tom Clancy, but those are just a mediocre games with a poor, poor platform.Yes, I purchased this game. I am an Idiot. But YOU sir, or ma'am, you deserve better. Please don't be fooled with UBI games.TLDR : The game itself, meh. Ubi flatform? waste of money."
,Recommended,460930,30717775,Posted: 24 March,all,Steve,Better shotting game i have ever played .Worth 30$ :))
76561198268286273,Not Recommended,460930,32269090,Posted: 8 June,all,✘ CommieDog ✘,complete and utter dog♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198223928512,Not Recommended,460930,30379976,Posted: 7 March,all,.crissw0w,"So far the games pretty cool. But me and my friend has had countless probles, such as our voice comms constantly lagging or crashing and it only happens when we play this game."
,Not Recommended,460930,30590629,Posted: 18 March,all,-CML-John Deep,2 hour gameplay you feel like you did everything i the game 4 hour gamplay you go to sleep and never start the game again
,Not Recommended,460930,30476013,Posted: 12 March,all,SirAox,"Im gonna play it since its too late to refund, but man is it bad, and i mean BAAAAAD, prepare for a whole lot of bugs! Multiplayer? prepare to be frustrated with game breaking bugs! The only ones who did a good job on this game are the marketeers cause they hyped this pile of dirt up real good!"
76561198073534570,Not Recommended,460930,31470234,Posted: 30 April,all,redclift,"dont buy if you play division,"
,Not Recommended,460930,30628140,Posted: 19 March,all,PARTY TIME SKELTON,"I've tried literally every guide out there to be able to connect to UPlay services, and I still cannot play co-op. What the ♥♥♥♥, guys? I can play every other Ubisoft online game except for this one."
,Not Recommended,460930,31447087,Posted: 29 April,all,✨ᵜ,"Opinion: I have played this game for a while now.  The game itself has really good potential.  I feel bad for the developers, as this was clearly rushed out the door.  The project managers and other management involved should start a focus group and find out what is going on.  There are many glitches in the game that ruin the potential for this to be a phenominal success.Installation: The installer is incomplete.  Someone at Ubisoft needs to reach out to Microsoft for assistance on proper installation, permissions, step-up perms, perhaps even service account separation if this is too hard, etc... Players should not have to use their admin pw each time they start the game.  It should not be assumed that all players are logged in on an administrator account.  I realize that some do this, but that should be treated as the anti-pattern.  Don't even think about short-cutting this problem by creating a proxy service that lets any non-admin account run admin commands not pre-approved by the game developers.[ Suggestion] :: Offer Microsoft employees a free installation of the game and some DLC's in exchange for assisting with improvements to the installer and the Steam integration.[UPDATE] :: It appears the Uplay binary was signed. Thank you!Gameplay:  I have fallen through the map while getting out of helicopters and trucks 5 times.  I have become trapped inside of cliff walls while walking down rocky cliff areas.  The enemies can see through plants, yet I can only do that at close range using thermal.  The most annoying feature is vehicle spawning proximity.  I call for a vehicle drop-off and it shows up ""somewhere"".  It isn't on the main map and often isn't on the mini map.  Sometimes aircraft vehicles spawn upside down.  The little smoker behind the vehicle drop-off location is only useful if you are in close visible range.OP: What should be nerfed?  The vehicles are unnaturally durable.  While I appreciate that, I should not be able to drive off a 1000 foot cliff and survive.  My character can drop two and a half floors and die outside of a vehicle."
76561198156668491,Not Recommended,460930,31425370,Posted: 28 April,all,antzware,"Can't play the game because Ubisoft servers are down, it doesn't work in offline mode so not matter how the game is bad or good I am left staring at the uplay login window"
,Not Recommended,460930,30384217,Posted: 7 March,all,▄Rob From Second Life▄,"I think we as people can understand that when you get a feeling about something that it is hard to sway that feeling. I thankfully do not have 50 hours of gameplay but I know the feeling of a bad game. This has that feelling all over it.Dont buy this game. In the short 1.1 hours of playing I did I-created a character with very little customization options. And was disappointed truthfully.Fully stealthed the first mission- Was pretty cool but nothing to special the coolest part was the drone ability. The drive to the mission was super clunky and was basically an offroad truck that felt like a long rectangle. Had my AI teammates teleport to me when they could not reach me.Messed up a stealth mission resulted in a gun battle, gun play is nothing special.Fought AI that were not very impressive or ground breaking. Just did basic stuff. Found tires/ skinny fences to hide behind. (No flanking or grenades). Then Flew a helicopter that was only compariable to a potato.You dont care about the characters, or the story. Basically bad mexican guy owns a country you pew pew pew with friends or your clunky AI squad til his empire is destroyed.============================================Positives:I think the UI is pretty clean and nice. Customizing guns is simple and seemed pretty cool.The few cut scenes seemed pretty dope. Feels like if it was a short movie or something it would do better.FinalDo I think that this game is worth $60. Absolutely not. This game will turn into a $30 game in 4 months after the inital hype is gone and people see what it is. Thats when I plan on buying it again. I predict in 2 weeks that vast majority of you guys will head back to your ""main"" games with 20-40 hours of gameplay. Thats not good enough for me so I plant my sign and shall move on."
,Not Recommended,460930,32079785,Posted: 31 May,all,ACE_BLACK,I was so fool that i bought this game
76561198002119500,Not Recommended,460930,30654026,Posted: 21 March,all,The_Taxidermist,"Biggest piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever bought. Non stop crashing an errors, Nothing to do with the graphics even on lowests it crashes. Looked up every possible reason for the crash my antivirus isnt stopping it even crashes when doing single player. Updated windows, Uninstalled/reinstalled. If it wasnt too late I'd refund it for my money back."
76561198255658394,Recommended,460930,30712409,Posted: 24 March,all,saunders.bryan34,I bought the sniper bundle set  a few days ago and I still don't have it in game to use? anyone else having issues with bundle packs?
76561197989265125,Not Recommended,460930,30951925,Posted: 4 April,all,OneEightSeven,"After playing it for a while I wouldn't have bought it at full price. I would have waited until it was $20 or less. It's not much of a game. Yes its a big, well rendered world that's fun to look at. However there is really no story line. Yes it's open world sandbox and I'm not going to compare it to the gold standard of Rockstar games because nothing else is nearly as good. However games like Just Cause 3 can at least draw you in with some story line that makes you care at least a little about your character and other characters in the game. The guns don't really feel like anything, there is no satisfaction. The vehicles are also cartoonish in their controls, especially helicopters. I think they tried to make it really really easy to control them, but it also made them a lot less useful as a strateigic tool. This game is not a real AAA game and it's not worth $60."
76561198073680867,Recommended,460930,30381393,Posted: 7 March,all,AndreasAr96,If you like tactical shooters then this is a game to love. It's not perfect but it has endless missions and it's top fun with a couple of friends. Plus you can shoot chickens. And pigs. 10/10 would shoot chicks again
76561198267569694,Recommended,460930,32287794,Posted: 9 June,all,BalisticOverkiller,super awesome game just played 39 hours already in love with it
,Recommended,460930,33214830,Posted: 3 July,all,YagamI_,"Jogo muito legal, bom pra quem gosta de dar uma zoadinha com amigos"
,Recommended,460930,30387756,Posted: 8 March,all,ACIDZOMBIE6516,amazing!!! ubisoft did well with this one
,Recommended,460930,30379414,Posted: 7 March,all,Leffa01,10 / 10
76561198143362263,Recommended,460930,30398802,Posted: 8 March,all,Supermarine Pepe,"Very fun. I do not give a crap if they downgraded this game, its still fun no matter if UBICRAP made this game. This game is the Division everyone wanted it to be"
76561198357076116,Recommended,460930,31457446,Posted: 30 April,all,Gumby,Epic multiplayer game! If you play solo it may not be as fun. I can't wait for the good dlc to come out. Great tactical game with excellent weapons.
76561198087613417,Recommended,460930,30534679,Posted: 15 March,all,Benadryl,10/10 pepito the bear would agree
76561197998239212,Not Recommended,460930,33052591,Posted: 30 June,all,Tafelberg,"Many parts of this game are sub par, but the helicopters are an insult to our intelligence."
76561198068292597,Not Recommended,460930,33045937,Posted: 30 June,all,xAbdulrhmaN,3 month and still no pvp .all i can see the new dlc $$greet :)
,Not Recommended,460930,34648473,Posted: 31 August,all,NS | Drowsy,"This game was SUPPOSED to be fun, lovely, and mezmorizing but instead the game is very simple, after about 2 hours I got very boared, very repetative. For my friends, some cant even play after paying $60 because the game wont launch and the support is extremely bad."
,Recommended,460930,32654960,Posted: 22 June,all,RoTiiK,"This game has a fair share of problems, but all in all is a great game. I think the reason a lot of people give this game negative reviews is for the simple reason that: Going into this game, you cant expect much, you cant expect this game to blow you away, because it wont. I went into this game with low expectations. Hell, when I tried the open beta, this game made me want to die.The reason I bought this game is because my friend had been looking at it and was going to get it when he upgraded his PC. So i bought the game (full price) ahead of him just to get a taste, I didnt expect much more than to play maybe 2 or 3 hours until I was bored. But I played through the first province, had some great fun trying to be as stealthy as I could. In the 4th or 5th hour of playing, I decided to look up what were some of the best guns in the game, and decided to go out and find those, getting the 5-7 was probably the funnest part of the quest to get the best guns, I remember stealthing into a very heavily guarded base, snatching the 5-7 and running like hell. I got shot down by the stupid Unidad, but it was worth it, I then went out to get all the upgrades for the 5-7. I have used that pistol ever since.Point is, this is a damn good game, but you cant expect too much or you will definitely not be happy with your purchase. I have yet to play with my friend as he still hasnt upgraded his PC, I havent actually tried much multiplayer, so this entire experience has been in single player.POST-COMPLETION EDIT:I finished the game 100%, I killed every one of those mother♥♥♥♥ing buchons, I dont finish many games, that's one thing that I dont do often, this game took me 40hrs to finish, this game is amazing. However I can only really reccomend it when it is on sale, because 70$ is steep for any game no matter how much content there is.(Before Completion) I would rate this game 7.5/10(After completion) I would rate this game 8.5/10oh and may i just say that the hitmarker sound is probably the most satisfying♥♥♥♥♥♥youll ever hear"
,Recommended,460930,30385200,Posted: 7 March,all,billbobland,"Worth the money, but some little bugs still need to be patched."
,Not Recommended,460930,35190691,Posted: 24 September,all,RikJones [IG],"""Ghosts, we've been spotted!""""¿por qué estoy en este jodido juego de ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ffs""This or ""Ella♥♥♥♥♥♥na meda na meddda nananana♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;.When I loaded this game I was dumbstruck by how gorgeous the game looked but it was like looking at a freshly unwrapped state of the art smartphone enabled dog kennel only to discover there was a dog still inside. Dead and half eaten by rats.Yet again Ubisoft win. They used their mic tricks, their promises and we begged them to release it. But wishing for a zombie virus to be unleashed on humanity so you can live that doomsday scenario with your friends because of how sweet it was inside your mind is probably not a good idea; Thats kinda like this game. You WANT this game so bad but when you have it you wish you had been house invaded by a horde of crack crazed football hooligans hell bent on bumming you to within an inch of your life instead.This game is absolutely dreadful. A dreary, empty vacume of identical NPC's where you play unlikable ""Ghost"" USA USA USA heroes who quip ""badass"" lines about eachothers private lives and banter their way through dreadful narcos scenarios. Dont even get me started on the jokes they crack in the middle of the game as it sounds like that kid in the school canteen who overheard his uncles♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes at a summer BBQ and thinks he can pull it off.This game is like that too! It THINKS it can pull it off but all it does is pulls off your♥♥♥♥♥♥and stuffs it up your♥♥♥♥♥Like a turd that wont flush when i closed the game....it came back on. ♥♥♥♥ you"
,Not Recommended,460930,34238060,Posted: 14 August,all,Krundu as Fk,"This is absolutely not a ghost recon, this is the casualization of the series to near levels of call of duty.- Enemies exclusively dual wield micro uzis which function as sniper rifles- The detection system is just feeding the AI your exact location- Recycled content over and over and overSave yourself the money and pick up a copy of future soldier, get your act together ubisoft, quit with the petty cash grabs with incomplete games."
,Recommended,460930,30481016,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr_Fisher98,"First of all i want to say thank you to ubisoft for this game is the best that ubisoft has ever made since splintercell chaos theorynow this game isn't perfect but i'm sure as hell i'm not going to play anything other then this for about a month xDanyways this game gives me nostalgia for a game that i loved back in the days of the first xbox and ps2 its called""mercenaries playground of destruction"" this game that really made me love video games and this game is really like it from the you can carry two main guns to the flight system and really good AI now for the pros and cons about this gamepros:Gives me nostalgia about the game that really made me play video gamesAI so good they are better then my friendsone of the few games that i preorderd and really loved the gamerealistec stealth and i love stealth as i'm a huge fan for splinter cell and hitmancharcter outfits you really can standout betwen your friendsalot of stuff to do and the ghosts that are with you can be fun to listen when they talkgreat story even tho i still didn't complete the storygreat gun play with alot of weapons and every weapon feel special in its own wayAnd there are so many pros i can't put them in one list :D AKA this is really rare for ubisoftconsclassic ubisoft AKA frame drops WTF i have the fastes gtx 1080 that is out right now still barely 60 fps please fix thisthats it for the cons i'm still fresh in the game so maybe i will find out more cons or more pros so yes for now its a 10/10 for me other then the fps dropsPLEASE FIX THE FPS DROPS AND PLEASE MAKE A NEW SPLINTER CELL GAME PLEASE UBISOFT!!!!!"
76561197973055218,Not Recommended,460930,31155637,Posted: 15 April,all,Fiddlefox,"My initial thrill with the game has faded.  I'm now just annoyed by the way enemies spawn thirty feet away, usually behind you.  I'm fed up with clunky vehicle controls.  I'm tired of the tiresome dialogue.  I'm bored with the drab, uninspired story.The game can still be fun with a few friends, but in general, it isn't.I really wish it had leaned more towards ARMA and less towards Grand Theft Auto.  I might try and play it again in a few weeks, but I doubt I'll get past the annoyance of 'Hold ESC to skip'."
76561198080343387,Not Recommended,460930,35428485,Posted: 2 October,all,Gwynbleidd,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. DON'T.I don't know what everyone else is thinking as most of the comments are positive. Maybe they are Ubisoft bots. I really tried to enjoy this game but it's impossible. It is one of the worst games I ever played.The graphics are good but the screenshots are horribly misleading. Also, forget about constant 60 fps if you want to play with Ultra settings unless you have a card much better than 1080. Very poor, frustrating optimisation.The vehicle mechanics are horrible, worse than any other game I saw.Enemy AI is the stupidest one I ever played, the game is too easy and it tries to compensate this by unconvincing situations.Movement is a disaster. Imagine an action game where you can't jump.Terrain mesh is designed so incredibly poor that most of the game is about finding a path through which you can actually walk.Shooting sounds like a punch fight, the weapon reactions are a joke. Completely unacceptable. It is almost like Ubisoft is mocking its customers.The open-map is vast but equally empty.Useless missions and cliche story.Basically: Another Ubisoft game rushed to make money with ZERO, COMPLETELY ZERO attention to details, gameplay, quality, fun, story, mechanics. Just another Ubisoft game with badly optimised good graphics.  Ubisoft is not even a game company anymore, as much as an advertising agency.I wish I could get my money back and spend it for games that deserve it. Ubisoft should pay us to play this nightmare.(Played with GTX1080, 16 GB RAM, SSD and 4.2 GHz CPU)"
76561198035816661,Recommended,460930,30377485,Posted: 7 March,all,HJORTRON,Just love it!
,Recommended,460930,30817023,Posted: 29 March,all,EQOAnostalgia,"Below iv'e prepared a video review for those who prefer that sort of thing.I should preface by stating that i'm an oldschool Ghost Recon fan and Socom fan, so a natural bias towards that style of third person shooter exists at the core of my gaming standards. I'll break things down into subcategories with a final assessment at the bottom as a TL;DR of sorts.Graphics: I think the game looks great on high settings, and really good maxed out. I run it on mostly high settings with a few minor tweaks. The environments look good, some textures can be a little flat on objects but the foliage is supurb! The lighting is also really nice, water looks good and the weather effects add character. Plenty of variety in settings, a wide color pallete to keep things from feeling stale and overused. Clothing looks nice but i think the vehicles leave a bit to be desired and the skin always looks rubbery in these more recent AAA titles, idk why or if it's just me or what. Overall good graphics.Sound: This is hit and miss for me. The orchestrated tracks are nice, the environmental sounds are good, but the radio is terrible generic music and you'll most likely never have it on unless you're waiting for the DJ to mention the havok you're causing and getting a laugh from his cartel propaganda. Dialogue is repetitive and corny when your squad talks and the locals seem to repeat the same lines as well. The singing sicario is funny even after the fifth time you've killed him though. Guns sound okay, nothing jaw dropping but they work. Overall decent sound.Controls: Iv'e only messed with keyboard and mouse but everything works just fine, the ground vehicles are still a bit touchy but nowhere near as bad as they were in the closed and open beta phases. The aerial vehicles seem much improved as well. Standard shooter fare, not much to say about it honestly. The one thing that nags me a bit that i'm sure most people have no issue with, is the snap from third into first person, not sure i'll ever get used to it.Optimization: I have a GTX960 with a 4ghz 8core AMD processor and 32gb ram. If i were to review this on launch day, the optimization would get an F. It's that simple, it had serious issues for a lot of us. Namely stuttering that took place during saves, after tagging items, and basically any time a bit of text popped up to indicate you did anything. The map opened up like it had to connect to a dial up server... it was trash. This was a mystery as the beta did not suffer these issues. Needless to say, after a couple of patches and optimzation passes they ironed the problem out. But i still notice stuttering on my rig when i run shadowplay. Overall i feel for the size of the game world, the scope of the graphics and the fact that my graphics card has seen better days, i give the optimization a solid thumbs up.Gameplay: Essentially you need to take down underbosses to get to the main boss and bring down the cartel. You do this by destabalizing each boss' region through a series of tasks, be it blowing up cocaine caches, destroying transport vehicles, taking out key members within the cartel infrastructure and overall just being a giant pain in the pooper! Not very realistic, you're pretty much waging open war. But as silly as the game can be, it's still fun.Plenty of opportunity for stealth if you want, or you can do what i'm guessing most people do, and fly in guns blazing through 90% of the content in a helicopter called death! Blast through a gate in an APC, or just ""commandeer"" a local pickup truck and turn it into a nigh indestructible behmoth! But any way you slice it, this game was made for co-op, so bring some pals because the squad AI is trash, and the commands are as basic as they have ever been in a GR title!GONE are the days of breach and clear commands and squad based micromanagement if you so desired to take advantage of such things. I did, i very much enjoyed that aspect of the older GR titles and Socom games. Not sure why these mechanics have been tossed aside but i can only deduce that it was a conscious decison to further casualize the brand. It's not a big deal to more modern gamers, but to older guys like me, we feel its absence.Final Thoughts: The game is fun with friends, decent for short bursts when you solo. AI that could have been better and squad commands should be deeper. But you could do a lot worse than Wildlands in terms of co-op or third person shooters. It isn't what series vets were exactly looking for, but if you're okay with a formula closer to Just Cause and Farcry than older Tom Clancy titles you'll find a fun, and lenghty campaign, even if you are essentially doing the same things only in different areas. Was it worth my $60? I would have preferred to pay $40, because without PvP it's RIGHT on the fence of buy/don't buy. But i can't say i don't recommend it either.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF7A7ZXrtDE"
,Not Recommended,460930,33400081,Posted: 9 July,all,Grampa Black Bottom👌🐋,"Everything about it. ♥♥♥♥. No.Both endings are a big let down. The main antagonist is only seen through an ending cutscene.Vehicles feel like an absolute chore with the controls.Got to the point where we needed to play our own action or ambient music midway through the game to not go insane.Game doesn't react to the buchones you take out makes it feel like you really do nothing.Take out radio guy? still hear him reporting things in radio even though he's out of the picture.Eliminate Unidad commander, and Unidad trainer? Still strong and organized throughout the whole gameGet rid of the stinky lake La Santera who influences people to join? Doesn't reduce amount of Santa Blanca you encounter.Cartel and Unidad said to be enemies, I've seen them both in the same base doing nothing but patrolling the same routes. Never seen them fight in the same bases unless we've started the combat.The repeated voice lines...You hear about that quinoa plant? This ain't about Ramon Feliz or the Computer files, it's about the children. Woah! This is one stinky lake."
,Not Recommended,460930,30465566,Posted: 12 March,all,reduakari,One the main point on buying this game is for the fun of coops. Because of the strict NAT setup in this game is totally not recomended for a game. Even with the port forewarding open to it will still not work. Turn off firewall on machine also make not sense. Its either wake up of screw this game. No worth the timing wasting almost an hr to resolve the issue. Refunding this game unless this is fix. Good luck creators dumb move at least i will say
,Recommended,460930,32074378,Posted: 30 May,all,NerdyTuhin,Best game from Ubi Ever!
,Recommended,460930,31464846,Posted: 30 April,all,落九塵莫牽塵,Nice graphic
,Recommended,460930,31213534,Posted: 17 April,all,CGK24,Great game - get it.see you online.
,Recommended,460930,30692714,Posted: 23 March,all,Soberwarrior,"Ubisoft outdid themselves this time, no down grading, no nothing. Game works like a charm, if you have fps drops, you can even limit the framerate. And if you don't have such a high end PC like mine (which is a FX 6300, R7 250) the fps limiter will help you to rid of stuttering problems.I was pretty skeptical before the release but the sheer scale and open world'iness made me want to try it out. The best part being its completely worth it. My suggestion would be to go for it. If you have a high end PC, you'll enjoy it even more. The driving and flying mechanincs are a little weird and take a while to get the hang off but you can master that pretty soon too.All in all I'd rate the game a 9/10, 9 because I wish melee weapons included a knife, that adds a lot to stealth games.And Yes, they may have said that you have multiple ways to complete a mission, there's only one way - Stealth.It's Ghost ""Recon"" after all. Stealth is key.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,460930,31232594,Posted: 19 April,all,Coco Pops,Yea its Good
76561197985019347,Recommended,460930,31232901,Posted: 19 April,all,pp1,"awesome game, gets better and better after the updatesfew glitches like dropping into holes and not being able to get outcan be very frustrating having to quit the game and restartbut overall an awesome stealth game"
76561198141142355,Recommended,460930,33145016,Posted: 2 July,all,RobnessMonster,pretty good game
76561198144890523,Recommended,460930,33272567,Posted: 5 July,all,RoaringDuck,Great game.
76561198040852593,Recommended,460930,33200119,Posted: 3 July,all,Twifto,its fun with friends
,Recommended,460930,30416030,Posted: 9 March,all,YUdirtyGnome,Far Cry meets Division with a lot more cocaine.
76561198025415898,Not Recommended,460930,30390670,Posted: 8 March,all,Skoonks,"Everything feels half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  If you've played Far Cry or Just cause, there's NOTHING new here, and those games do what this game attempts to copy far better.  I seriously wonder how a AAA game publisher played the driving portion of the game and didn't cancel it on the spot."
,Recommended,460930,30493066,Posted: 13 March,all,Barbie,I like it.
,Recommended,460930,32742281,Posted: 24 June,all,Lew1s32,"From the start ive enjoyed this game, absolutely great fun. vehicles need some work but the overall combat of the game is better than any other game like it. shooting feels awsome in this game as well."
,Recommended,460930,30402401,Posted: 8 March,all,A7L3S,"Right so, it me, bad at videyo game; anyways he have another AAA ubi-bad game to review. This game is like the Division, but just so much better, its not some shoot shoot gun gun beatemup kind of game (unless you pick arcade difficulty, hence arcade), but it is a great game with or without friends, in my case without because I have non. That aside, all the negative reviews are people expressing that they didn't bother to check system requirements for the game before they stole their moms credit cards and preordered the gold edition. This game work fine and, even though the driving is terrible, the game is functionally a video game and just because your s1ck 1nT3rV3nT10n$$ and cAm0$ cost that sick $$$, its a ♥♥♥♥ing skin you can live without it. Im not saying this game is a masterpiece and a must buy like the E.T. video game, because if you like the game genre of an open world shooter and don't care about civilian AI and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t like that; the game is only going to be liked by a certain group of people who enjoy this niche catagory of game. That is why everyone with an actual brain in the review section who gave a negatove and is so high up, actually get so high up instead of pummeled down by the ubi-bad fanboys, because the recognize how the game functions for certain people. Now you can say you dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥idiot ♥♥♥♥up, all videogames are made for certain people, and that why this game only applies to those people. I am recommending this game not because I like ubi-soft, not because I wan't someone to read my bad reviews (this is going to be on the bottom), but because this game is a game I enjoy. Wow... I think we hit a new level of bad with this review (funny joke), too bad nobody's gonna read it."
76561198115098042,Recommended,460930,33054224,Posted: 30 June,all,Pedersen,What an amazing game.
76561198046698319,Recommended,460930,33058087,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr Sassims,good
,Recommended,460930,30406510,Posted: 9 March,all,Garald,"This game is everything it said it would be. People are saying theres not alot between missions yet i keep seeing cargo convoys, intel spot and loads of other thing so i dont know what theyre on about. the driving is a little slippery but after a while you get used to it, its not as bad as people make out. As for glitches/bugs, the most trouble i had was from steam not GR:WL and that was when i was downloading lol. For once Ubisoft have launched a solid game, just make sure all drivers are updated! Must buy! :3"
76561198020055154,Recommended,460930,33083724,Posted: 1 July,all,Æther,Love to play this with my friends! Take us back to some good old co-op game we use to play.
76561198198847683,Recommended,460930,32830475,Posted: 26 June,all,Lior,EXCELLENT GAME !!  AMAZING GRAPHICS !!
76561198075266398,Not Recommended,460930,31778310,Posted: 15 May,all,Chaka,meh
,Recommended,460930,32747403,Posted: 24 June,all,spry,Single- and multiplayer tactical action game+ Good story+ Big open world+ Good graphics+ Wide weapon customization- Similar to The Divison- Wierd AI movement
76561197990931812,Recommended,460930,31469669,Posted: 30 April,all,Verkantill,3/5
76561198156586499,Not Recommended,460930,30533350,Posted: 15 March,all,coastwardmetal,Glitchy as ♥♥♥♥!
76561198137753591,Not Recommended,460930,30527241,Posted: 15 March,all,dofftheduck,the game just freses whan i drive fast and things dont lodegtx 1080. i7-6700.
,Recommended,460930,32789147,Posted: 25 June,all,Shred,This game has satisfying stealth and lack luster missions and story. If you liked MGSV like I did for the stealth aspect and gun customization then youre in luck. But dont be hoping for a game that offers production value on that MGSV scale of story. Its pretty fun with friends as it should be. I reccomend it for that aspect in general. Havent see a game breaking bug yet but I can tell this game is un-optimized running it with  an i5-7600k and Asus Strix RX 580 8gb.
76561198107681153,Recommended,460930,30486934,Posted: 13 March,all,50ShadesOfGandolfTheGrey,"Call of duty and Gta combined, whats not to love?"
76561198253030335,Not Recommended,460930,31790043,Posted: 16 May,all,flatlineris,why does this damn game keep crashing paided $47 dollars for a game i can't even play.
,Recommended,460930,30596440,Posted: 18 March,all,xXDragon_BlodXx,Dis game is fun as♥♥♥♥♥but u got to be tactical
,Not Recommended,460930,31509502,Posted: 2 May,all,TinTin,"Played the beta and thought it was pretty good as an open world game but wasn't impressed with the vehicle driving, the monotonous 'go-fetch' missions or the absolutly **** AI team you're forced to use in solo mode.Game released at 40 GBP and couldn't find it in myself to drop AAA money on what is essentially TC:Division re-skinned.Waited for the first Steam sale, paid 32 GBP. Nothing noticable has changed from Beta; driving is still whack, mission content has not changed, AI team are still ******* useless.Now I just want to finish the game and move on with my life.The good - graphics are nice, story mode keeps you on track, helicopters are cool, gun play isn't bad. If you have mates to play this with I'd imagine it's a millions times more fun. I don't.The bad - Vehicle driving, monotonous missions, tonnes of extra weapons that you can use BUT can't mod, making them kinda pointless for stealth missions (you are a Ghost, afterall), shockingly bad team AI, weak overall story and a tonne of annoying bugs and game design I'm not even going to talk about.IMO a waste of great potential. Probably worth 15 to 20 quid at a push, if you can stomach it."
76561198285315315,Recommended,460930,31427552,Posted: 28 April,all,MericanCandian,"Honestly after playing it for some time, this may be one of my favorite games of all time. Sure it's going to get very repetetive, but most games do after a long time. This is definately worth the money, great game. 10/6 would play again"
76561198081521398,Not Recommended,460930,31496428,Posted: 1 May,all,Goldstein,♥♥♥♥♥vehicle handling. makes the game fustratingly ♥♥♥♥♥♥. fire whoever worked on the driving mechanics.
76561198140464763,Not Recommended,460930,30561486,Posted: 16 March,all,Sgt_Ham,"Beautiful but boring. Missions are redundant and AI is repetitive. Basically MGS Phantom Pain without the engaging story, mission diversity, convientent transport options, or useful and engaging followers.5/10"
,Recommended,460930,30424770,Posted: 10 March,all,SuperFly,"Open world GTA, shooting,  teamwork, fun game. Totally roccomended"
,Recommended,460930,30402860,Posted: 8 March,all,Gati,THIS GAME IS SUPER FUN AND REALLY AWESOME ITS THE BEST MULTIPLAYER ACTION IVE PLAYED IN A LONG TIME!!!!!!
,Recommended,460930,30859688,Posted: 31 March,all,3xile,a return to co op form a win for ubisoft for once the game plays like a easier to access arma 3 scaled to a 4 man squad v world replay masterpiece
76561197996299148,Recommended,460930,30521249,Posted: 15 March,all,Scanner,"If you hang out at hospitals and steal newborn babies and then take them home and dice them up and cook them, then you probably hate this game. 10/10 easily the most fun I have had with a new game in a long time. There are a few things I could nitpick, but the game entertains me. That is what I was wanting , so I would say buy it."
76561198034143880,Not Recommended,460930,33458076,Posted: 11 July,all,PocketRocket69,its not like this a bad game but some parts of it really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. the graphics are great and probably the best til now in an open world game. i also really like the combat system even if you play in single player your squad is almost invincible and really bad at shooting unlike in older ghost recon titles. thats a bit annoying and i don't understand why that hasn't been done better. the squad can run around without taking damage and if try i'm dead... playing in hardest didiculty though. what really pisses me off about this game apart from that you would have to be a complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to help the dea since everybody knows that drugs don't ruin your life but cops do it about drugs and drugs laws just were put in place to put people into prison and force them to work for free and make money on the whole prison system. apart from that evil murdering drug cartels only excist because of evil murdering policemen anddrug laws but whatever an obnoxious story of selfrighteous american cowboys doesn't make it a bad game what pisses me of about the gameplay itself  is trhe wonky physics and vehicle controls. whats the point to put helicopters into the game if you can't control them propperly. the person who programmed this had obviously no idea what helicopers can do and how they are capable of moving into various directions. it would've been easy nenough to just copy the controls of gta battlefield or arma but instead the controls feel like for a 50cent chinese toy.  up down forward and turning while rolling is just not enough and makes the choppers impossible to use right in this game and useless except for transportation. planes are slightly better in this game since they're controlled the same way and really can't move like a chopper but forget about fancy manouvers withe them as well... quite boring. bikes are absolutly horrible and i avoid using them bc the feel is just wrong. cars are like in a cheap arcade game and it just doesn't fit to the nice realistic combat.so like i said its not a bad game and i definitly had fun playing it but it doesn't seem finished or well done as a comnplete thing... the combat part ios great though and if you get it cheap enough its worth buying just for that but it could be so much more with just a little more effort from the developers side.
76561198097825175,Recommended,460930,30454281,Posted: 11 March,all,Lorde Ducke,"Fun game, most negative reviews are for minor bugs and people not being able to run it"
,Recommended,460930,30454585,Posted: 11 March,all,Obi1Shinobi,"If you like sniping llamas from 500m, get this game immediately."
76561198038995423,Recommended,460930,33961570,Posted: 1 August,all,IpwnGamingYT,Its a really nice game but im quite upset i spent $60 on a game that i cant even run on low quality
76561198358801695,Recommended,460930,31422245,Posted: 28 April,all,David,I believe it is worthy for u to try this game if u want to get ♥♥♥♥ed up by ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,460930,32961205,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr Squiggles,Not worth it
,Recommended,460930,30407719,Posted: 9 March,all,TGMayhem,"Best game I have on my steam library. Graphics and game play are a solid 10/10.I love the stealth involved and the options of engaging targets. The map is beautiful, being big and graphicscally organic.Character customization is superb. Weaponry is wide with a good depth of focus on attachments and camos.Exploration is so fun with a friend.Onlu down side to this game is that it is so easy to find and retrieve the best weapons or scopes.To enjoy this game as much as I did make sure you got some friends to play it with. Or just find some, it's not that hard. I know you can just simply search for an open lobby but alot of people don't have mics and some just mess around.Have fun with it."
,Not Recommended,460930,30441678,Posted: 11 March,all,[PRAE] CuRbYnAtOr,A good game but it does nothing new. repetitive missions and repeating comentary. Stealth feels almost pointless when you realize you can just run and gun the entire camp if it is small enough. Otherwise if you can look past all the lazy development and crappy missions it is a beautiful game with nothing to offer that will easily give you 40+ hours of grindy uninnovated gameplay.The AI is what broke my will to play the game anymore. They don't even try to hide the fact that it is lazy.
76561198019606227,Not Recommended,460930,30545442,Posted: 16 March,all,Seymour Richards,"can be amazingly fun to play with people you know. not fun to play with random people. and ai is good at hard parts and dumb in easy parts (ie shooting from long distances and hitting target, whereas enemy can be right in front and wont engage). helos and cars have terrible phys. all in all, this game should be called mercs 3. really dont see much of a difference than mercs 2. no recommendation."
,Recommended,460930,30461472,Posted: 11 March,all,Xain,"Despite how bad these kids bashed the game during beta, this is a very fun stealth tactic shooter. Single player or multiplayer. The map is gorgeous, the bases are unique, and there are several layers to the game to enjoy. Reminds me a lot of GTA crossed with MGS. You're gonna have lots of fun with this one. Worth it!"
76561198033167442,Recommended,460930,30402688,Posted: 8 March,all,sweem,fun not bad
,Not Recommended,460930,31795448,Posted: 16 May,all,Pyrosnitzical,"So this game was fine during the beta, and I was surprised to see Ubi didnt botch this game's launch.But that wasn't ok with Ubi. They can't have a single game seem to exist without them breaking something somewhere.So after a series of patches I can't play without my game crashing.For me the game is fun playing alone, and its a blast with friends, but cant recommend it so long as I cant play it."
76561198040839440,Not Recommended,460930,31587093,Posted: 6 May,all,m15airof,"The world is beautiful - I'll give them that. The major flaw that I see is with the squad AI. Even on the hardest difficulty, if you tell your squad to regroup/hold/move, they will walk right by enemies and neither will notice one another. The enemies definitely have it out for player, but not the AI, in any regard."
,Recommended,460930,30401643,Posted: 8 March,all,Tumor_Salmon,Very good game. Has lots of potential and is quite entertaining.pros-very fungood graphicshuge mapcons-occasional freezehigh power computer needed.( Better than what they tell you if you want more that 60 fps)Weird vehicle controles
76561198016756560,Not Recommended,460930,31750303,Posted: 14 May,all,WingsBreaker,"Like most of Ubisoft latest titles, this game would have been a great game...if it was released 4 years early.Pros:- Good graphicUnfortunately, thats all the pros in this game...Cons:- Brightness and contrast setting is the same as other ubisoft games, have to adjust either getting blind when there is light or just bright all the time...- Stealth system fail to evolve or differentiate itself from other games- Repetative gameplay, a lot of grinding resources, collecting skill points, and a lot of the same side missions- Horrible vehicles controls, the bike is the only vehicle that handle the best, with the planes and helicopters being the worst, it almost feel like flying a heli in GTAIV-The openworld is filled with things to do, and by things, I mean the same things over and over again, and yes I am repeating this point because this is what the game feels like- Passable storyline, in the first area I still care, then after the third area you began to realise that there are still a ton of areas to go through and their story are ridiculous, predictable and overuse, so you just stop caring- Laughable AI civilians, they jump right in front of the car despite it is not even close to hitting them and like all good ghosts they pass right through the car. Also in one of the destruction mission where you have to destroy some objects in the world with a lot of civilians around, you are forced to shoot the objects one by one because the civilians will not run away but rather duck right where they were...- Incredibly slow bullet, self explainatory- Appearance customisation, there is not much need for it to exist because it is not an RPG, but it is included, and it is poorly done as it has limited selection in everything and most parts look the same with the exception of some small variation plus colorNeither pros or cons:- Weapon modification system, standard/expected feature in a military shooter, without it this game would be even worst. It has the functions which are present in most other military shooters (e.g. Battlefield series, CoD series) but it couldn't surpass them like the weapon customisations in Dead Space 3 or Homefront: Revolution.In conclusion, while the game has a lot of promises, for a 2017 AAA title, it falls behind in every aspects. And the contrast is much more clear when you compare this game with other AAA open world titles or stealth titles that were either release close to this game (e.g. Mass Effect: Andromeda), or release long before this game (e.g. GTAV, Fallout 4, MGSV:PP, TW3)."
,Not Recommended,460930,33823573,Posted: 26 July,all,SchenySchen,game sucks dont buy it
76561198333133323,Recommended,460930,30379349,Posted: 7 March,all,andydandy164646,One the best tom clancy game bringing cocept of fps and open world action together. Graphics wise it looks really amazing.
,Recommended,460930,30378938,Posted: 7 March,all,Uzumaki Naruto,i don't know to comment about it :)
,Recommended,460930,30439768,Posted: 10 March,all,Angry__Bull,Amazing!
,Recommended,460930,30682839,Posted: 23 March,all,Styx|UnsyNZ,nice game
,Not Recommended,460930,32521772,Posted: 17 June,all,TSBeaver,Underestimated the game. Pretty bad ngl
76561198053853362,Recommended,460930,34816690,Posted: 8 September,all,ProBeaver,"Sew. This is a game... This game is a Tom Clancy game. Tom is a very nice guy, and knows how to make a good game. Unfortunately, even though this is a really good game, it is very repetetive, and doesn't get much harder with time. that being said, there are harder missions and some are easier. But the skill required to take out an individual enemy really doesn't increase with time. If you treat all your hard missions the same way and devide it up step by step so you work from one direction across the FOB, (use the drone makes this 100% easier) you will never have any real problems. take out guard towers first and blah blah blah. Easy as pie once you get the hang of it. Equip powerful weapons, which is unrealistic, but effective. handling isn't an issue in this game. just haul that semi-auto G-25 and a SCAR-17 around with the sight of your choice. use the third person view for breaching buildings and always use a suppressor. the low cap magazines really aren't an issue, just reload often and you're good to go. It should never take you more than 5 shots to take out an enemy. two headshots for body armor, but I usually triple tap for all enemies. get to know your thumper, or grenade launcher well. It can be used for a lot of things. placing landmines to stop a convoy is a nightmare. You block traffic from one direction and inevitably some farmer joe will drive out in his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ van and blow himself up, then the convoy is immediately aware and speeds into oncoming traffic. the place get hectic very quick. Block traffic from one direction and use C4 instead. equip your sniper and take out both drivers of the truck quickly, use the C4 to blow the front humvee, then use GL to take out rear vehicle. inevitably the truck will almost always blow up, so don't worry about it. some joker will bust through your op and run you over just before you get to tag the convoy, then it will blow up and you will lose half the resources. so yeah. that's life."
,Recommended,460930,30435421,Posted: 10 March,all,Killgore(happy thanks giveing),"ignore bad reviews, it is more than likely people with garbage computers.  This game has a few issues but is beautiful, game play is great and tons of fun.  Some tweaks will be needed to make it 100% polished but this is a game for peolpe that played old school ghost and raven shield and love the fact there are tactics required instead of run and gun garbage.  Great game, worth every penny."
,Recommended,460930,30407786,Posted: 9 March,all,perfectvolta67,"Died in helicopter crash, revived by teamate, chopper explodes, we all die. 10/10"
76561198013593274,Not Recommended,460930,33027494,Posted: 30 June,all,merekemess,Crashes more than Helen Keller with a blood alcohol level of 99.The experience is that of having never bought the game.Game constantly crashes and i mean CONSTANTLY. Cant play more than 10 minutes without the ♥♥♥♥ing loading wheel. SO MAD
,Recommended,460930,30532657,Posted: 15 March,all,Traven,Don't listen to the hate. Amazing game buy 10 copies if you can
,Not Recommended,460930,30532980,Posted: 15 March,all,TheAsianblu,"3/5Neutral in my book. Gave it a thumbs down because I can't recommend it to a total stranger without feeling bad.However the optimization of the game itself is terrible. Not sure why it would be running my quad core and HD at 100%Stresses my 1070 GPUInstall took me 9 hours. Yup. 9 hours.Gameplay is okay. Fun with friends, not really immersive as a single player. Luckily I have friends.Minimal content. Very repetitive, which isn't bad, but felt really lacking for some reason.Bugged missions on multiplayer. Couldn't complete some missions until we each had to do it alone. Kind of silly.Overall, it's an okay game. Definitely worth a buy on sale. Visually great game, but optimization was terrible. If you have a low end computer that had run everything okay, don't buy it. Not much content, or immersion when playing alone. Bugs are typical, real question is if Ubisoft will care enough to fix them. Hope this helps."
76561198124461474,Recommended,460930,30621448,Posted: 19 March,all,Ninjaemin | csgoloto.com,Fun game if your friends don't kill you evey 5 seconds.
,Recommended,460930,30427993,Posted: 10 March,all,Da_lettuce,"Very fun, but Ubisoft sucks"
,Not Recommended,460930,33058812,Posted: 30 June,all,Matt,I only played 30 minutes. It's crap. I have seen better fonctioning cars in minecraft. No tutorialsDo not buy. save your money
76561198283147843,Not Recommended,460930,31510501,Posted: 2 May,all,Hedgehog :D,This is the last game im bying from bugisoft.
76561198193505510,Recommended,460930,31444194,Posted: 29 April,all,بشرن,best game
,Not Recommended,460930,31985696,Posted: 26 May,all,The Juice Is Loose,"Very repetitive, each area of the map has the same thing over and over. Find Intel -> interrogate the dude -> find Intel -> interrogate dude ->  2 or 3 more times -> find and kill the head honcho of the area -> rinse and repeat."
76561198018152966,Recommended,460930,33262729,Posted: 4 July,all,Huraqan,"Wow! I've only played  2+ hours but I'm sold! This game reminds me of the Netflix TV series Narcos with a little bit of the movie Sicario (the black ops scene in the tunnels). I'm sure there are other TV and movie references throughout as the game progresses. Hey, I watch a lot of Narco movies.Anyways... The game runs fine for me and I don't have a very long loading screen. I don't play a lot of Tom Clancy games but this perked my interest seeing it on a TV commercial. I had to wait for it to be on sale. And boy, was I impressed. This is the first time I had ever wrote a review of a Steam game so I'm hoping that I'm doing it right. So, now that this is done it's back to fighting the cartels for the control of the country!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30498448,Posted: 13 March,all,NoBlackThunder,Honestly the first 2 hours are promissing .. but there is one large issue .. and thats the reason for my downvote also .. disc reading .. what the game requires on the initial load and load times and how much strain it puts on your disc drive is just a joke. 100% reading ( 48 mb/s) causes an redicullise slow loading time and not even just that but its also causing issue while getting into the game. game stops often up reading .. popin issues etc ... you i am almost afraid my drive is blowing up.. that seems to be a large issue .. Though it calms down if you dont fast travel still .. i have never seen so much extreme disc loading like this game does.So they need to fix this issue before i can upvote it .. Its totaly playable .. though if you can wait and make a coffe and watch a short youtube video on your phone (5-10 minutes loading time ) Even the character creatin screen took 5 minuts to load another hair option . something that was causing large confusion for me in the beginning
76561198083022824,Recommended,460930,30371487,Posted: 7 March,all,William Paul,Ubisoft did a great job on GRW
76561198277161055,Recommended,460930,30386532,Posted: 7 March,all,Dr. Jan Itor,"To be honest I came into the game thinking it was gonna be garbage because, of course, ubisoft. Although, it has kinda stupid physics, but it really is a fun game! Its pretty much like MGSV but it has some more customization. Kinda buggy but its something to play when you're bored.*UPDATE*I'm at 22% total completion of game and we're looking at 34 hours of gameplay. If you're looking for something long this is the game to get."
76561198149894272,Not Recommended,460930,32067682,Posted: 30 May,all,RedRad,RUNS POORLY and FREQUENT FRAME RATE DROPS. I ran this game at 900p and get low fps but when I run Battlefield 1 on ultra at 1080p I get 60fps and graphics wise comparison battlefield 1 looks just this game graphically if not better. Hopefully I get a refund. I won't recommend this game until they fix the optimization issues.
,Not Recommended,460930,32052953,Posted: 29 May,all,Big Morty,"This game is very buggy, I stoped playing because I was so frustrated, exemple: you tries to go on a rock and you fall in it and you need to teleport yoursefl to get out of this rock. this is only one of the game breaking bugs. so in a resumé DONT BUY THIS GAME, DONT PAY 80$ FOR THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GAME."
76561198052346913,Not Recommended,460930,30562882,Posted: 16 March,all,CerealOverride,"While the allure of a beautiful piece of landscape is sure to await you, that it about all that awaits. Be prepared for crashing, gliching, voice lines being repeated over and over again, and even better, enemies which will just appear sometimes right next to you.This plus the fact that your AI counterparts are more or less useless, a point proven when they will stand directly next to an enemy and do nothing, or aren't even capable of realizing that the train tracks which they are on are in fact train tracks and the train which is headed directly towards them is in fact a train which will kill them if they are in the way.The games AI is what really destroys everything, and its not just your teammates. The enemy AI is just as terrible, just in the opposite way.They have superhuman sight and sound and are able to find you hidding in nearly any location. This combined with enemies that will sometimes actually spawn directly next to you and you have a sub-par experience indeed.Wrap this all together with what is plugged as a tactical sandbox, yet if you dont have the correct weapons all you have to do is open your inventor and change them out. Right then and there. It defeats the entire purpose of a loadout."
,Not Recommended,460930,30580669,Posted: 17 March,all,Jungkook,fun game but why do we have to keep saving the bad guys insted of killing them........
76561197971469920,Recommended,460930,34111101,Posted: 8 August,all,DarkAngel,"A wonderfully in depth game, allowing you to run and gun, or sneak and be stealthy. The graphics are great, and the level of detail the developers went though is incredible. While the game can seem to become a tad repetitive, simply mix up your weapons and style of attack, and its a whole other creature. You will invest quite a few hours into this game."
,Recommended,460930,30387601,Posted: 8 March,all,mrbaday32,A vast landscape game and it's just wonderful
,Recommended,460930,30370033,Posted: 7 March,all,FxB479,"First we get the money,Second we get the drugs,Then we go for the king.""You can't prepeare for El Sueno""-Bowman"
,Recommended,460930,30368309,Posted: 6 March,all,Snake,If Arma 3 and MGSV had a baby
,Recommended,460930,30371577,Posted: 7 March,all,raburs,i have  played the beta for almost 15+ hours. i can say that the game is as tactical as you want it to be.  now the game is more like CoD and fast phased. for wildlands its more like GTA but military style. the gameplay is fun and the customization for both character and weapons are really cool.i would recommend this game if u love military based tactical shooter and if are a fan of arma series.
,Recommended,460930,30387890,Posted: 8 March,all,KostGard_Marin,Love the customization of your opreator and the weapons too! Plus the gameplay is smooth and the mission are jam packed.
,Recommended,460930,30370165,Posted: 7 March,all,✪ ThePCWizard,"First Impressions (As of 7/03/17)This game provides a wide aspect of gameplay ideas, and it incorporates teamwork, communication, and execution and takes timing into account.Stealth vs LoudAlthough it is very fun to go in guns blazing and feel like a total badass, stealth is definetely the way to go. Equipping suppressors and pulling off sync shots is an incredible feeling. Clearing out the UNIDAD compounds with nothing but stealth is a very fun and difficult task - but the loot compensates for this.Skill TreesThere are six branches of skills you can get - Weapon, Drone, Item, Physical, Squad, and Rebel Support. Depending on your playstyle, you can acquire the skills of your choosing in the order. Obviously some skills like Parachute, are a necessity from the start, so you can drop out of a helicopter or plane in emergency situations.Pros- Amazing graphics, stellar looking game.- Gun play is fun and team based.- World design is amazing, including vehicles and weapon design.- Co-op is fun.- There is intel which you can collect to customize character or locate more side missions.- A LOT of missions and gameplay.- ♥♥♥♥ing fun game with friends or solo.- Customizing guns with attachments is very nicely done.Cons- Some bugs here and there.- Flying controls are messed up.- Do NOT play with a low Field Of View.- Some physics/animations are buggy and glitchy.OVERALLI really like this game, despite all the bugs. I hope Ubisoft fixes some of these in the future. These are my first impressions, and could change either for the better or the worse. I would say to buy this game, thanks for taking your time to read my review."
,Recommended,460930,30387379,Posted: 8 March,all,Loomaanaatii,"Great game. I'm having some FPS drops and random crashes, but to be expected with a Ubisoft product.I reccomend everybody to buy this game."
76561198167706047,Recommended,460930,30369446,Posted: 7 March,all,SmoothDjazz,"its Just Cause, with a realism mod.also if you're an OG ghost fan like me, you should play on at least the ""advanced"" diffucutly for the most ""ghost like"" experiance."
76561198011916589,Recommended,460930,30377681,Posted: 7 March,all,Daworox,"Played open Beta quite a lot and now the full game - I'm pleasently surprised :)Glitches are gone, gameplay is smooth and fluid and it's just improved gameplay experience.All in all very nice open world tactical shooter wrapped up in beautiful scenary.After a while it can feel a bit repetetive but still very fun to play solo or with friend(s)."
,Recommended,460930,30381740,Posted: 7 March,all,Eriksen,"Is this game good ? Yes. Is it better to play Co-op ? Yes.This game offers a limited amount of fun if you do not like repetative games.Why ? Because after you have taken out an enemy base X amount of times with stealth or full combat, there comes a time when you have done it all, Close combat stealth, Sniper stealth, Full frontal combat with tanks,helicopters,machine guns, grenade launchers etc.When you have done all this you start to repeat yourself, You start to do the same approach again and again, the only thing that is diferent is the enemy base layout and the amount of enemies.But i like these games. I can do the same thing over and over again without getting bored, Sometimes i switch out my stealth and use all the heavy ordinance i got and blow things the F*** up.How to enjoy the game: Pay attention to the story, Read the ""lore"" objects ( Kingslayer files ). Recon areas with drones and plan out your assult, use abilites and items you got at your disposal to be as tactical as you can. Play the game at either the hardest or the second hardest difficulty, The only thing that changes is the enemies skill, not your own damage. If the enemy skill is to low due to low difficulty you are going to get bored fast.I enjoy this game alone, Its even better with friends. I do not recomend playing with randoms unless you are a good ""people person"" and use a mic to plan out your tactics with the random stranger.Is it worth full price ? Yes, i think so.Am i a Ubisoft fanboy ? No. I do not care about the developers of a game as long as it is good. I know ubisoft have major issues sometimes and i am a bit nervous to buy their games. Now that steam has a refund option i usually buy and test them before i have an opinion on the game. If a game developer ruins 1 game its not for sertant that the next is just as bad."
76561198164513631,Recommended,460930,30382993,Posted: 7 March,all,ArcticI3E,Great game physics and controls could use minor debugging though
76561198171616539,Recommended,460930,30368574,Posted: 6 March,all,algeneral454,dosnt work in my pc when i press play its freez i try to change from ultra to low same its freez whyG-card 970 4gb
,Recommended,460930,30369535,Posted: 7 March,all,Filmore1991,"Best of all, you can even play this game even without internet."
,Recommended,460930,30428836,Posted: 10 March,all,killbana5,:)
,Not Recommended,460930,30562511,Posted: 16 March,all,Pleyox,I share the same sentiments as some of the other reviews. The game is entertaining for a few hours; then it becomes incredibly redundant. It’s not a bad game; I’m just not convinced it’s worth $60. I’d advise waiting till it sees a significant reduction in price before buying it.
,Not Recommended,460930,30593959,Posted: 18 March,all,sakjdbasd,"This is made me so ♥♥♥♥ing angry. This is that type of game that if you do not have 3 other friends who can voice chat with you, just stay away from this♥♥♥♥♥♥ No joking people online can easily destory your little stealth plan and ♥♥♥♥ up your game entirely. This is an online team-up game yet gives everyone two weapon inorder to make them all rambo, and we all know rambo always fight single, so ♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ it, and ♥♥♥♥ UBISOFT. I'll try to take back my money and just let this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥go back to ubisoft with its bullet proof leaves. oh, and ♥♥♥♥ every idiots who ignore teamwork and just trying to be a ♥♥♥♥ing rambo, you people ruins everything."
,Recommended,460930,35156788,Posted: 23 September,all,SaltPars,love the game plenty of things to do the open world is amazing !
,Recommended,460930,31801429,Posted: 17 May,all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,Good Game
76561198065309253,Recommended,460930,31456639,Posted: 29 April,all,ReMmEy93,"Finally decided to throw this a review after about 17 Hours of Gameplay. The Game thus far has been highly enjoyable except for a few key features which I will touch on in a moment. NOTE: I have NOT begun playing in any form of COOP yet only singleplayer with AI TeammatesThe controls (Mouse and Keyboard at least) are Par for the course for the recent batch of Tom Clancy titles of the last few years. Just intuitive enough to be enjoyable with the occasional ""why in the hell is this mapped like this"" thrown in.The Story in my mind is quite refreshing, as is the landscape. its a definite new change of pace and an insight into Special Operations that dont get the limelight as the Global War on Terror has. (yes I know this is a fictional work, however Army Special Forces has been operating in South America as anti Drug TFs since about the 80s so ill take it as a nod toward that)Something that reached out to me was genuine fore-thought into how a 4 man team would act and operate in such a situation. as someone who has served, I actually find some of the teams jargon and jokes (although mostly unfunny) to be a somewhat accurate representation of inter-squad/team relationships. along with gear and clothing brands to make any Tacticool individual slightly giddy as it did me! i.e. Magpul, Camelbak, 5.11 and others.the gameplay for the most part is quite solid and actually surprised me a little. there is the occasional fall through the map (has happened only once) and your AI Teammates are essentially invincible gods that cant shoot a gun straight leaving you to take care of the brunt of the work. the engagements do feel quite truly randomized however in terms of how encounters and gun fights play out or even could play out in a good way. dont get me wrong though It is for the most part your standard Tom Clancy 3rd Person shooter.Now for the Bads,Repetition is slowly killing the game for me, albeit quite slowly. alot of the provinces feel the same minus who is in control of it and what they are doing inside of it, and many of the missions are rehashes of things youve already done. while the amount of things you have to do within the map is kind of impressive sometimes, it kinda upsets me knowing that for the most part there isnt too much variation in mission content. (Grab Intel, go to Location, and either A: Kill everyone by going in Guns Blazing. Or B: sneak in and take/destroy/kill that one person or thing) no more, no less for ther most part.That Randomness in how events play out I mentioned earlier? yes its a negative too. Theres been more than one occasion when performing a mission some small triggering event can completley ruin the mission for you and be stuck doing it over. in example, having to tail a man through multiple enemy bases in a car or helicopter and randomly an enemy chopper happens too close to you because a randomly generated gunfight between rebels and the enemy, it detects you, and mission failure at no fault of your ownIf i Had to give the game an honest rating, I would give it a 7/10 though for the fresh look on Ghost Recon (although I did like the Future Soldier path for awhile there) I bought it at 59.99 and my only regret was not waiting for it to go down just a hair. I do plan on continuing the game and completing it 100% however its going to have to be in small doses from here on out."
,Recommended,460930,30392858,Posted: 8 March,all,Mighty,"Was thinking they would screw it up, i was proved wrong."
76561197970103629,Not Recommended,460930,32027928,Posted: 28 May,all,gray33,Found it to be a little poor for the money nothing new.
76561198358345167,Recommended,460930,30392835,Posted: 8 March,all,d4rklord3221,This is just amazing
,Recommended,460930,30394521,Posted: 8 March,all,StormWolf  ☜(ﾟヮﾟ☜),I can be a ghost and I can recon!
76561198079732110,Recommended,460930,30395450,Posted: 8 March,all,supergrant2009,I like it!
,Recommended,460930,30396920,Posted: 8 March,all,BatteryJuice,good game sorta of bad optimization thats all  thats bad
76561197993522315,Recommended,460930,30399936,Posted: 8 March,all,Assassinkiller85,I love this game  it feels  and plays beautifull i think this will be the game i want to play it until theres nothing else to do .well done ubisoft im proud of you !!!!
76561198024819331,Recommended,460930,30399266,Posted: 8 March,all,Redux93,This game is a WILD time
76561198012647959,Recommended,460930,30904419,Posted: 2 April,all,kingscorpio,i love this game
76561198089437757,Recommended,460930,31240122,Posted: 19 April,all,⎛⎝OtterWarPath⎠⎞,"Great game, exactly what i was looking for in a tatical shooter. Ubi has worked hard to win the grace of gamers and has pulled through with this game. If you are a fan of openworld  co opworld shooter, especially tatical shooters.. This is a must have. It feels like a Ghost recon game and what The Division could have been. Ubi is going in the write directionPros My Dude :D+huge beautiful open world+creat co op experience+tons of guns and gunsmith+many ways to play and do missions+awesome audio+ Bolivia background information is realisic and based on fact+realisic story+complete freedom+not forced to play online to beat missions+Bolivian escortsNeutral My Lad= stealth= some gliches are hilarious others are annoying (watched some Uniadad enter a truck and launch 50 feet into the air for no reason)= Civ AI is not the best (lets stand in front of this guy shooting a granade launcher and pray we dont get hit)Cons My Guy :(-gliches and crashes- vehicle controls could be better-need more military vehicles (tanks, plans)- enemies and player can sometimes feel bullet sponge (havnte played on hard difficulty so that may be different)- cant put silencer on DLC gun (I have the Door KIcker P90.. wish i could put a silencer on it)"
76561197974270534,Recommended,460930,30482358,Posted: 12 March,all,Hyperkek,"I only recommend buying this game at full price IF you have friends to play with. It is quite a fun and satisfying when you play and communicate with a buddy. Otherwise you're stuck with 3 Ai and the game feels blend. I won't go into details about the Ai but you can expect Watch Dog level of retardness on their part. If it was not for the magical Ai teleportation feature Ubi implented that makes Ai operators magically appear behind you, to obviously detour the fact that they keep getting stuck on everything, this game would be a joke.So I guess I will recommend this game, it's fun, but you need a friend to have real fun. If you have ne one to play with just wait for a sale."
,Recommended,460930,32859418,Posted: 27 June,all,Wave,Stealth game which is more fun if you dont stealth.
76561198070798979,Recommended,460930,32174949,Posted: 4 June,all,DefConHeavy,what sold me was being able to play this by my self no online required
,Recommended,460930,30437326,Posted: 10 March,all,Sonya Penny,"Hey this is pretty good. No its actually pretty fun with friends, go get some."
,Recommended,460930,30848371,Posted: 31 March,all,VICTOR,sad no achievements on steam8.5/10
,Recommended,460930,30380853,Posted: 7 March,all,Lori Moore,♥♥♥♥ing gnarly dude
76561198230177148,Not Recommended,460930,30390814,Posted: 8 March,all,The Viking,"Runs like a poor console port (seriously, can barely reach 50fps with medium settings on an RX480/i7-6700K).AI is so dumb you can walk next to him without being noticed.This game IS NOT single-player. If you play alone, you'll have a hard time doing anything.Controls of planes/helicopters are........controller needed?? Please, we're on PC!Vehicles are waaaaaayy too arcade. I can go down a mountain in a truck and nothing will happen. Won't break.Add to that a huge empty open world, and a huge disappointment. All for 60€. The Division, compared to this, is a lot better."
76561198167383120,Not Recommended,460930,32619558,Posted: 21 June,all,Krazy-8,"This game is good fun. Multiplayer is a blast, singleplayer not so much. I found it hard to play after 2-3 missions without taking a break because how boring this was (playing solo). Buy this if you have someone to play with, otherwise don't. Maybe wait for it to go on sale first."
,Recommended,460930,32567171,Posted: 19 June,all,rragh001,Lots of nice bang bang pow pow but little else.
76561198233984472,Recommended,460930,31477827,Posted: 30 April,all,bhaz110,Really enjoying this game so far!
,Recommended,460930,34261402,Posted: 15 August,all,Cpt. Cats,"Tom Clancy's: Ghost Recon WildlandsMy Rating: 9/10Pros:Co-Op is a ton of funMil-Sim like immersionBeautiful environmentNice gunplayVehicles feel greatMissions and scenarios are funStory has ""depth""YOUR choices on how to take down the Santa BlancaGame feels challenging, not too easyCons:Some bugs here and thereSmall things I would like to see changedThe heli controls can be weird on classic, hard to get used toHeli controls on ""new"" are HORRIBLE unless you are using the gunships-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I would like to start my review by saying Wildlands is an amazing game. It's one of those situations where I believe that it's only going to be an amazing game if you let it be an amazing game. That's the core thing you need to remember if you make the decision to purchase this title.This game is NOT the older Ghost Recon games; but then again you could argue that Warfighter wasn't a ""Ghost Recon"" game. So that right there voids out the argument that it's ""not"" a Ghost Recon game. Two minutes into the review and I've already voided out my own argument. This should go well...I've personally put in a good amount of hours into this game, and I believe that this game is wonderful. I've never felt more like a Special Operator. This game does well with suspending your belief and making you feel like your a special operator in a foreign country. With some changes to the game this could border onto a Mil-Sim game. I believe that the core of Ghost Recon is military realism. If you play the old GR games you know what I'm talking about. Sure there are a ton of things in this game that aren't ""realistic"", but I believe the developers do a good job at making you feel like it's realistic. And that's what really matters.Beyond that, the open world and choice you have in approaching this problem of taking down the cartel can only be described as awesome! You can go to whatever part of the map you want from the beginning. You can take down whatever bad guy you want whenever you want; however you want. And there is alot of fun to be had doing this. The weapons feel great, the vehicles feel nice, and in my opinion the classic heli controls feel amazing.Wildlands gets even better once you go co-op. If you have a buddy who has the same mindset as you when it comes to playing these types of games, you're going to have a blast. And what I mean by that is if you or your buddy want a GTA style experience of being stupid and blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up; you aren't going to really enjoy this game. This game excels when you role play a little bit as a special operator. Take it slow and really absorb the experience. Absorb the beautiful environment.The last thing I want to talk about is the story. Oh boy the story... Well, on the bright side there is a depth to the story that you don't really find in alot of these games. And when I realized this it was like a light bulb went off in my head. There really is no ""bad"" guy in this game. You can really start to see the logic in Santa Blanca being a good thing for Bolivia, especially during the main baddie's cut-scenes where he explains different turning points in the game after you take out an underboss. At the end of the day YOU are hurting Bolivia and it's people. YOU are helping Bolivia and it's people. Santa Blanca is helping Bolivia and it's people, and Santa Blanca is hurting Bolivia and it's people. Well, all of that is for you to decide. The game doesn't shove any answer in your face. You can contemplate this as your character and his team contemplates this. You will get to hear them talk about it sometimes; reflecting on if what they are doing is actually going to change anything. On the other side of things I feel like the story is missing some things. But; with this game story doesn't really matter a ton. So it doesn't really take alot away from the game.-------------At the end of the day my recommendation is to purchase this game if from what you read above you think it's something you would like. This game really is amazing, and it's nice to see Ubisoft push out a fun game with a ton of after-release support. My only warning is that the DLC isn't the best, and if you are looking for a GTA type game to just ♥♥♥♥ around in THIS IS NOT FOR YOU.Thanks for reading my review of Wildlands! Hope you guys enjoy the game!"
76561198064020778,Recommended,460930,33802610,Posted: 25 July,all,Wolfmaster,I swear the AI squad are ninjas...
76561198047746459,Recommended,460930,35005164,Posted: 16 September,all,HunkyChunky,Cons:Single player can get boringOccasional glitchesPros:Looks greatMultiplayer is almost endlessly entertainingAmazing customization options (weapons and cosmetics)
76561198171892530,Recommended,460930,34058818,Posted: 6 August,all,Ekco,"Incredible fun to play, with or without co-op, variety of missions and tasks for the first 20 hours of the game, however variety slow dies off. It can be said however, that the way inwhich you complete the missions can vary depending on what mood you are in. Slow and stealthy, popping off eavh enemy tactically; or fast and loud, blowing up anyone and everyone with C4.Along with the gameplay, the story is hilarious (Mainly due to some of the voice lines the characters come out with). The characters in the game feel as if they have a ""character"" about them if you know what I mean. Even the ""bosses"" of each area of the map, though the encouters are usually short and brief, you can see what the creators were going for with each voive line they utter.Highly recommend to anyone looking for a tactical shooter, and to anyone looking to have fun and blow things up in a stunning sandbox environment."
76561198177998323,Recommended,460930,34351778,Posted: 19 August,all,rope,mr ♥♥♥♥♥ giem suck dikk jk veri fun
76561198370150566,Not Recommended,460930,34999448,Posted: 16 September,all,Thecabbage18,itb wont beven open the game and i have a high spec ncomputer it dosent even try to load it just starts then goes nope
,Recommended,460930,33548423,Posted: 14 July,all,KHRN,"This is one of the Best game I ever played !....It's soo amazing and the graphics is wow  !! Playing with real time players / multiplayer and destroying the enemies with stealth , rush and tactics. One more amazing thing is playing on night , its soo awesome ! The Map Is MASSIVE ! huge open world game with different climates and I would say , it's amaing one , again the best game I ever played , once I played the open beta , I love the game a lot , was thinking to but it with any amount it cost , players who cares about money and want the full advantages of the game and want the worth of the money they spent behind the games , are a non-happy gamer , so they care about money and if they dont like the game , they says ""its not worth the price"" come on peoples ! this game worths and worth with love ! and yup....i'm  happy ! :-) But , still Need to fix some Bugs and some minor things in this game ( But I never experienced any bugs or crashes )....because the developers are focusing 90% on making new games and busy , where 10% they focus on recent made games and therefore they may skip our wishes over the game.My Gaming Rig !Alienware 17 ( GTX 1080 ) with 32gb Ram...."
,Not Recommended,460930,32229249,Posted: 6 June,all,BabyEthan,"So this one time I was at a bowling alley right and I thought to myself why would anyone want to buy Burger Kings Cheeto fries so I went over to my friend and he was convulsing in his chair and playing magikarp jump at the same time, anyways I jogged home put on my PJ's and went to bed, Long story short this game seems fun at first but then becomes extremely repetitive and not fun."
76561198203818331,Not Recommended,460930,35439712,Posted: 3 October,all,Badger,"Good to play with 2-3 friends, Solo... will get borring after about 30 minutes.Map seems way to big which i thought i would never say, it just keeps going on and on and on. To actually see the rest of the map though you have to tidulously completely missions which are also the same every time.Very repetetive, would refund if it wasnt too late."
,Recommended,460930,33912247,Posted: 30 July,all,Battly Royaley,this game can be really fun but it can also get really repetitive and boaring
,Recommended,460930,32231197,Posted: 6 June,all,StruckMetal,Way more fun than slamming my genitals in the desk drawer.
76561198260171595,Recommended,460930,30389892,Posted: 8 March,all,jz,"This game is awesome, I'm a Ghost Recon fan, It's really fun to play coop mission with friends. The graphic looks nice, I'm using i7 6700, GTX 1080, and 16GB of ram, I maxed out the graphic setting, still can get around 60FPS"
76561198006713826,Recommended,460930,30432393,Posted: 10 March,all,RG LDunphy,Worth every penny@ they never ♥♥♥♥ed it up!!!
,Recommended,460930,30432097,Posted: 10 March,all,SereneHog,Great game!
76561198156055683,Recommended,460930,30433259,Posted: 10 March,all,Thire,It makes a lot of fun to play. The graphic is indescribable!
76561198132499599,Not Recommended,460930,34310888,Posted: 17 August,all,Keemstar,Its boring lol
,Recommended,460930,30380263,Posted: 7 March,all,Arch,Very nice coop game
,Recommended,460930,30407229,Posted: 9 March,all,[XIII] Antonius,"Very good game, having loads of fun with it."
76561198120895225,Recommended,460930,30415959,Posted: 9 March,all,Tupac,"This game is soo fun but It keeps freezing randomly and its so annoying. This was a HUGE problem in the beta and they fixed it a little but its still freezing. It really ruins the game, they need to just fix it already. And yes I have more than the mimimun specs."
76561197984554624,Recommended,460930,30434868,Posted: 10 March,all,Livewirez,"Excellent mix of stealth tactics, beautiful graphics and innovative gameplay.Love it!"
76561198207613639,Recommended,460930,30434541,Posted: 10 March,all,Kermit The Yeet Frog,one of the best games on the market right now
76561198050077308,Recommended,460930,30510621,Posted: 14 March,all,DonCamillo,"i really like this game and it's much more satisfying to me compared to The Division.on my PC (i5 6600K with a GTX 980 Ti) it runs good at 1440p,yes there are some stutters or freezes but they are very rare and never disturbed me during a gunfight.the stutters only happen to me, if i run around out in the wildlands, but graphically this open world is an absolute highlight!Best thing about this game is the perfect answer i had for my Girlfriend, as she wants me to escort her to fifty shades of grey 2 - meh :/That was:No i just can't - i have to free Bolivia from the Drugs Cartell!"
,Recommended,460930,30407324,Posted: 9 March,all,Himmuguegeli,"It looks extremely good. It works fluidly without issues or bugs and on the highest difficulty setting it is actually challenging enough to keep someone interested who played tactical games way before half of the steam community was born. It´s a solid title, unusual for Ubisoft. But this was one big step towards the old Ghost Recon titles before they tried to imitate Call of Duty with every shooter genre they had. The third person isn´t something I like since I am a first person purist but since it´s only COOP for now it isn´t something I mind to much about. And after a few hours you get used to this very fast and then you can use it quickly to your advantage. If you´re interested in such tactical/stealth titles where you´ve got to think and plan wisely before you strike then it´s the right titles for you."
,Not Recommended,460930,30503065,Posted: 13 March,all,TUGRA KHAN,"I will try to explain simple...Badly optimized, horrible AI, horrible driving physics and worst of all... MICROTRANSACTIONs...Stay away from this game..."
,Recommended,460930,30567526,Posted: 17 March,all,jasoncasbeer,Recommended despite the bugs.
76561198088996299,Recommended,460930,30569485,Posted: 17 March,all,Dweeb Eisenwanker™,For the couple of hours I played the game I honestly had some fun playing alone I know it would be better with friends  it alone is fun too. It is nice that I can explore the area and do the missions I feel I should do.
76561198070713081,Recommended,460930,30607147,Posted: 18 March,all,TK-48636,bailed out of crashing helicopterdeployed parachutekilled by unmaned crashing helicopter11/10 would crash again
76561198219778611,Recommended,460930,30464927,Posted: 11 March,all,Charming Taint Man,"Worse thing about PC gaming is listening to you dorks complain about optimization.  The GAME is great.  Very entertaining, and awesome with friends.  It reminds me of an open world Socom and one of the better games released lately by anyone."
76561198079218785,Recommended,460930,30515406,Posted: 14 March,all,Shmiel,"Game is good, but apparently my character wrapped in armor takes 5 bullets and dies, but for some reason those same bullets cannot shoot through banana leaves, Why are trees in this game actually Kevlar. 10/10 would play again"
76561198145467609,Recommended,460930,30492850,Posted: 13 March,all,tolee98,BUY IT
,Recommended,460930,30519310,Posted: 14 March,all,oniel459,Yep. Real good
76561197967558245,Recommended,460930,30520326,Posted: 14 March,all,Seal,"I've got nothing but good things to say about Wild Lands. I read through many reviews and there seems to be some criticism about the controls of the vehicles. After one day of playing I adjusted and felt like the controls were just fine. Flying, driving, you name it, all of it felt intuitive.That aside, the concept of this game is just wonderful. Huge word. Detailed maps. Tons of side missions to do. The combat feels real and exciting. This game is like a mixture of GTA, Ghost Recon, and the Division, and I love it. I started playing the game on the hardest difficulty and never switched. I die a good amount but I am always able to make adjustments to my strategy that end up pulling me through. Landing head shots feels amazing and I am a big fan of the feel of shooting and landing shots, they really nailed it. There are countless ways to approach a town that you want to assault and you can tell they really designed the terrain and entry points of the towns so that you have to make smart decisions. This becomes very apparent as you progress to more difficult areas.  The game does a great job of balancing slow paced tactics with quick hard hitting action. I haven't seen a shooter pull this mixture off as well as Wild Lands does.The best part about this game is that it is so easy to play with friends. This game was designed for co-op play and when you have a few friends mic'd up the game really begins to shine. There is nothing like jumping in a chopper with your buds, firing wildly at enemies as you zip by, only for your chopper to get hit and every one bails, pops their chutes, glides down and proceeds to drop the bad guys one by one. Too much fun!I thought The Division was a poor effort and suffered because of it and Ubisoft has frustrated and dissapointed me on other releases as well but this game bucks that trend. Well done.Cons are minor:-There is no ""lean"" button to peak doorways, you can kind of do it with the shoulder swtich but not so much-The game has stuttered maybe 3 or 4 times in roughly 19 hours of play time. Nothing major, just little hiccups here and there-The AI team mates are pretty laughable, but honestly I never expected much from them. Sync Shot works great though."
76561198313139773,Recommended,460930,30515246,Posted: 14 March,all,Lamborghini Leglock,PogChamp
76561198028429778,Recommended,460930,30443488,Posted: 11 March,all,sailingjacobe,"Deffently an amzing ""shooting"" game. I emphasize the the shooting part because the driving is god awful! Driving cars, they all drive the same and horribly, flying a helicopter? How the heck am I supposed to fly it. Also the Plane, there is not light movement in the control serfaces. They go full up down only when you move the controll the whole distance, The Dirt bikes are garbage, Bounces every were, wheels dont even look like they are spinning."
76561198047584614,Recommended,460930,30456697,Posted: 11 March,all,XXReaperXX,"3 words copy and paste.sry the game got boring soon as i was coming across the same towns and landscapes, that seemed to have been copied and pasted, towns look the same,  same detail but turned around, like a square box that been copied and pasted but turnd around to try trick you. overall diserpointed. still gud game if its all about gameplay and not graphic to detail."
,Recommended,460930,30453582,Posted: 11 March,all,{No Silence} ATB*,Very Decent game they're keeping the support and updates for this game very well. I don't know why everyone is all hating on it. I find it a very good game. It reminds me of Metal Gear Solid Phantom Pain but except it doesn't really feel dreadful doing the missions it feels very free honestly. I can't wait to play more of it.
76561198196167458,Recommended,460930,30470844,Posted: 12 March,all,PazyPlayz,"The perfect game for co-op and the map is huge! It has so many sections to it, I've only completed 2 sections but have most of the side missions still to do. Each section has 6 Main/Story Missions then a tonne of side missions which u use to gain skill points. You need to gain and find resources (Fuel/intel/crates etc) so it's very strategy orientated tooA Main Mission Summary-You have to take down this massive cartel, each section has a leader/ faction guy you need to track down, then your rebel faction allies come and take over the area. It is very good fun!"
76561198205198343,Recommended,460930,30471184,Posted: 12 March,all,Aero,Amazing game 10 / 10 except random lag spikes
76561198124596650,Recommended,460930,30422796,Posted: 10 March,all,RamTawN,This game iS Really nice / Something really special about it is the huge map of this game its really really big / you have nice mission that you can complete them how ever you want to / This game is recommended to you
76561198120805119,Recommended,460930,30669630,Posted: 22 March,all,Void Witcher,Amasing!
,Recommended,460930,30625528,Posted: 19 March,all,Balisticsman,"This game Has a lot of pros and cons but the pros overpower the cons. I enjoy this game alot co-op with a buddy of mine and in the first week we have had it we have put 16 hours in it already. The gameplay is solid with a few issues listed below. I am excited to see the dlc that comes out for this game. My list of pros and cons are listed below. A+Pros:-Bullet drop is pretty realistic and makes sniping very satisfying.-Guns and characters have a lot of customizing options to make them unique.-Nothing as of yet seems too overpowered and offers a good challenge-Co-op is solid as hell-AI dialog is funny and entertaining-The world looks amazingCons:-no good jumping mechanic which leads to getting stuck alot.-have to have a uplay account which is extra crap to deal with-vehicles are fun but have clear mechanic issues like the headlights not lining up with the cars.-Game sometimes has wierd face glitching like the old Assassin's Creed glitches, are funny though.-AI's sometimes pop out of no where when sniping.-cannot back out of an animation if you need to."
76561198020279393,Recommended,460930,30417346,Posted: 9 March,all,k4m23n,yas
76561197997117196,Recommended,460930,30403904,Posted: 8 March,all,Cupcake,"First off, the map is amazing. I'm so impressed at how realistic it looks. I'm a landscape painter, and the guys who made this map know their♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's so huge, looks so real, I'm thinking they took laser imagery of real topography. It's that lush and realistic.This isn't a bunch of geometry clunked together by an amatuer, this map displays genuine geographic features. Either it was pulled directly from actual land, or you have some real landscape artists crafting a world that looks super believable. Even the way birds dart from a tree, I found myself stunned and really believing the game.The setting is brilliant -- really wonderful. I feel like it's a great portrayal of real black-ops, without getting too bogged down in some conceptual accuracy. It has room to move. Also, I appreciate an enemy who is bad enough to kill, without being comical or lifeless. I really enjoy the whole premise, the whole setting -- it's a wonderful mix between creativity and realism. Very believable.It's fun. The gameplay is smooth. Enemies aren't bullet-spongey, and it feels tactical-enough. I'm curious about my AI teammates. They don't seem to do much unless I'm looking directly at them, and then they're killers. I think they're lazy.Customization! So much to customize. I'm very happy with this.Negatives:Heliocopter controls take some getting used to. They made a weird decision that if you bank forward long enough, the heliocopter will begin to descend into the earth. It might seem like you can strike the happy balance of moving forward AND upward, enough so that you don't careen into the Earth, but the controls aren't built simply like that. You have to shift forward until you gain momentum, and then at some point you'll fly forward even though the heliocopter is parallel with the ground. It's weird. And bad.Gets a tad boring after 4-5 hours.It's an open-world Ubisoft game. Perhaps the best one they've done so far, but it's an open-world Ubisoft game. It's pretty much designed like any other they've done.Thanks for reading, and I hope you buy it. Or don't. Either way, you made the right choice."
76561198012387380,Recommended,460930,30506865,Posted: 14 March,all,=HGW= jesselav1233,Its a fun game to play with your friends not so much by yourself.the optimization is terrible just like the division the graphics look awesome on ultra but good luck having a system that can run it i use the i7-6700k (4.5) and a evga gtx 1080 and it hits 30 fps on ultra at 1920x1080! its even worse in 2k or 4k obviosly.
76561198215805963,Recommended,460930,31174678,Posted: 16 April,all,devoidmeercat42,noice
76561198192297318,Recommended,460930,31151381,Posted: 15 April,all,云逸风汐,like that game so much
,Not Recommended,460930,30986497,Posted: 6 April,all,TummySausage,"This game is mayonaise on wheat bread and your friends are the deli meats on the inside of that sandwich. Basically it's UBISOFT The Game with all the boring stereotypical open world tropes that have been in 100 other games. Only fun thing is playing with your friends, but of course it's going to be funner with friends."
76561198060900477,Not Recommended,460930,30694471,Posted: 23 March,all,xxxderpxxx,this game has a lot of issues and they should not have made it so big because its too long to put up with all the BS.
,Not Recommended,460930,30842354,Posted: 30 March,all,Dr. fvp44,"The game had so much potential but they ruined it by having the worst possible AI. The AI squadmates are idiots who open fire when they shouldn't and destroy convoys that you needed to get, ruining the amount of supplies you get. The enemy AI is also extremely idiotic and just drives 1 meter infront of you, dismounts, and kills you. A lot of the gameplay is fun but the fact that they have such awful friendly and enemy AI ruins the game. Until they fix the AI, I don't suggest this game for full price."
,Recommended,460930,30458414,Posted: 11 March,all,van_fleet037,My 4 year old asked if el sueno was Calliou.10/10 best Calliou murder sim.
76561198021572972,Recommended,460930,30421871,Posted: 9 March,all,justinya007,"Great game,even better to play with friends"
76561198000622174,Recommended,460930,30788793,Posted: 28 March,all,Kriss,"How to sum up this game in three words :1. Big2. Detailed3. BuggyIt's super fun, a big time consuming game. 10 milion things to do.. if you have OCD, stay the F*** away from this game, or else you're gonna be spending 50 hours trying to get all the equipment, resources, weapons and that one scope to the sniper so you can actually aim further than 5cm..+Amazingly fun, alone and with friends+One of the most detailed games i've ever seen in terms of story telling.. They give you info on everything and you can see that they've but effort into it+Customisation. From the type of barrel on your gun, to the colour of the rim of your shades and the type of backpack. This game lets you choose everyting on your character. You'll spend hours just finding the right camo clothes for whatever type of terrain you're in.-No customisation of your AI buddies-Buggy.. Let's hope a patch fixes that soon-ALOT of running around tagging equipment.. You have no idea.."
,Recommended,460930,31284322,Posted: 21 April,all,Hyden,♥♥♥♥♥pra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038208223,Not Recommended,460930,31371082,Posted: 26 April,all,.dllHost,"This will hopefully teach me to learn to stop Pre-ordering. Advanced warfare, Arma, Hitman, apparently I just don't learn. Anyway, keep away. This game is more mediocre, flat, and badly scripted that apart from having great graphics, won't even keep you busy for 3 days."
76561198144988800,Recommended,460930,31208704,Posted: 17 April,all,COWBOYCC1990,Probably  one of the better games uve played in a while. Worth the money and they seem to be keeping up with updateing the game and fixing bugs
,Recommended,460930,31180522,Posted: 16 April,all,Avengencehowlking670,Great game good graphics xd
76561198141783028,Recommended,460930,30400196,Posted: 8 March,all,Manfred von Schlumpfhausen,This ♥♥♥♥ing Game keeps crashing. I'm really excited to play it but i am not even able to get to the Main Menu! This sucks and i don't know how to fix it :( Already spent an entire day trying.
76561197981600973,Recommended,460930,31488868,Posted: 1 May,all,DvS,Highly reccomended for co-op. Gameplay can become repeative very quickly for some. Avoid parachuting off of hillsides...
76561198111585574,Recommended,460930,31499713,Posted: 1 May,all,Ignited Jsizzle,"Though the graphics are great. My favourite part of the game would be the death of El Sueno in the mauselom. I like this game and its very good on how bolivia was recreated. The game was based on taking down the santa blanca cartel and taking down the production, smuggling, influence and security. I love this game already"
,Recommended,460930,31228426,Posted: 18 April,all,What is up my dude,best gamerino ever made
76561198213896881,Recommended,460930,31676694,Posted: 10 May,all,William Thorne,"--- MINOR SPOILERS ---I have about thirty hours in this game now, and have had a lot of fun with it.  I've only played singleplayer with AI squad so far.  I don't have the DLC as the reviews were universally terrible, so my review will focus on just the base game itself.Some people are being far too harsh on this game in my opinion.  One of the main complaints seems to be that the missions are repetitive (kill, capture, or blow up) and I don't think this is entirely true.  Two missions I played had you bug a house and record someone getting it on with a hooker (there are a few missions to record things with your drone, that is the most interesting one so far).  You have to steal a few cars.  Yes, there are a lot of kill, capture, or blow up missions but you are playing an FPS after all...  The real mission variety comes from the myriad of ways in which you can approach a mission.  You have multiple ways to recon (binos, drone, rebels), multiple options for diversions (rebels, a drone attachment, flares, diversion grenades), and a ton of ways to kill people.  Guns-a-blazing, stealth, the fun if slightly OP sync shot, mortal fire from rebels, a ton of gadgets (mines, flashbangs, grenades, C4), or an explosive drone (great for destroy missions and dealing with choppers).  Speaking of killing people, gun customization is pretty great.  There are a lot of guns and a huge amount of attachments that really make if feel like your own personal weapon (I am currently running with the SR25, MP7, and FNX 45).  You can also get a few cool custom guns from killing minibosses.  Enemies have a lot of ways to kill you or inhibit your abilities as well.  They have mortar pits, snipers, helicopters, helicopters with snipers, can call for reinforcements, dudes in bunkers with miniguns, occasionally have blinding lights, and are pretty good at lobbing grenades.  The jammers in some locations are especially annoying, as they leave you without your best recon tool (your drone) and using explosives to blow them up makes it hard to stay stealthy.  So in my opinion, contrary to what some people are saying, there really is quite a bit of mission variety.As far as story is concerned, the allies are a little bland but sometimes they are pretty funny (especially your CIA helper).  The villains on the other hand are quite entertaining.  I don't want to spoil anything so I won't go into any more detail on them but some really are pretty good.  The rank and file bad guys are also boring but its not like I'm sitting around listening to them talk.  I like how you work with the rebels and they help you, really gives you the feeling of being US Special Forces soldier working with foreign troops.  Sometimes they comment on your activities which is nice and helps with immersion (one thanked me for saving his brother from some nutcase minibosses in a completely different province).  Unfortunately, a lot of lines seem to be recycled.My main cons so far seem to be mainly related to vehicles.  They mostly drive like♥♥♥♥♥♥  I much prefer driving vehicles (especially planes/helicopters) with GTA style controls.  The way they take damage is also a little odd.  Sometimes you can smack into a big rock with barely a dent, and sometimes barely hitting something at 5 MPH will destroy half your car.  The Lamborghini looking cars some higher-ranking cartel members drive are particuarly vulnerable to damage.  The military vehicles and bikes tend to fare a little better and the attack helicopter (which I've only stolen once so far as they are rarer than the others) is quite fun.  Water vehicles drive completely fine.Overall I would rate this game 4/5 stars with the last star being knocked off for poor vehicle handling and in my opinion excessive recycling of lines for NPCs."
76561197970433771,Recommended,460930,31676204,Posted: 10 May,all,Neofightr,"Rarely do I start over in an open world after only a few hours but this game just begs to be played in full sim mode. Gorgeous graphics and sound. An actually pretty good storyline and fantastic gunplay.The AI is not perfect but impressive considering the open environment. I just wish they had a tactical mode option where you could direct the team individually. It's understandable why they don't have it. The action is fluid and intense especially on the hardest difficulty. I am glad the difficulty can be changed on the fly.Based on what I am reading about the DLC, looks like management screwed up the focus. This game shines in gunplay and tactics and the devs needed to focus on this vice racing and other arcade modes.Can't wait to see more games done with this engine. I just love the bullet physics and destruction detail. Great stuff."
76561198022308103,Recommended,460930,30412293,Posted: 9 March,all,SlimeDragon,Deus Vult Drug Guys vs Generic Joe Army of Four
,Recommended,460930,31714156,Posted: 12 May,all,Symphony丨幻逝丶,perfect game
75561198059783995,Recommended,460930,31077229,Posted: 11 April,all,Professorkls,Great game
,Recommended,460930,31731159,Posted: 13 May,all,RWBYFan95,Love this game for its open world map and its option to either go in guns blazing or take the sneaky way in.
,Recommended,460930,31734446,Posted: 13 May,all,tamp0neXorcist,great for coop play
,Recommended,460930,31736186,Posted: 13 May,all,WereWolf,"I bought this on Jingle's recommendation and will pass the recommendation on. Great shooter, great action, great story, good music, co-op, open world, what else do you want? Characters that you love, love to hate, or just hate? It has that too."
76561198285415684,Recommended,460930,31646765,Posted: 9 May,all,KradMoonRA,"awesome everything but misses PVP matching, getting boring playing coop only. Easy Peasy."
,Recommended,460930,31775387,Posted: 15 May,all,Full Out,"Fun open world game to play with friends. Me and the GF like chilling in this game and seeing how stealth we can be.I would recommend getting it on sale because, you know, AAA pricing is crazy."
76561198319602232,Recommended,460930,32013853,Posted: 28 May,all,madtaikodrummer,"Ubisoft, please fix NAT issues."
76561198345330244,Recommended,460930,30397065,Posted: 8 March,all,Enslayve,"I'm happy that people can play the game smoothly.sadly, that is not the case for me.This game runs borderline unplayable for me. I'm using a gtx 1070.Otherwise i really enjoy the game. If mgs5 had a coop campaign, this would be it.I will still rate this game negativly as of now due to the bad performance on my new rig. So beware i guess. Our experience with this game might be as bad as mine, performance wise.Edit: The problems are gone."
,Recommended,460930,30590817,Posted: 18 March,all,gorezzwow,"This is already one of my all time favorites. It's hard for me to describe but in short it's everything I've wanted from a game: customization, fun, gun fights, stealth, teamwork, exploration, open world."
76561198249612110,Recommended,460930,30591346,Posted: 18 March,all,RiksterFUN 21,amaziiing
,Recommended,460930,30595089,Posted: 18 March,all,OxyTail,"Actually , it is so boring to play this game without one specific  ""DLC"".It's called- FRIENDS ( If u know what i mean )"
76561198087513644,Recommended,460930,30497040,Posted: 13 March,all,Bucklethorpe,"Clunky and awkward at times, but great!"
,Recommended,460930,30538051,Posted: 16 March,all,paogo,"This game has no buisness being as fun as it is.Generic and grindy. I dont know if the story is bad because I haven't tried to follow it. Yuri and Polito are funny, but after that I'm lost and don't care. The exploration is fun. The aircraft controls are crazy, but you get better at it. Highest difficulty is the way to play. QuickSync is almost game breaking in solo play. Honestly, solo should just fill the short times you aren't playing with your friends.TL:DR I'm not mad I bought it. It looks pretty."
76561197983607015,Not Recommended,460930,31506596,Posted: 2 May,all,Tom,ubisoft trash. sloppy. its obvious theyre just looking for that next paycheck
76561198322053079,Recommended,460930,30612674,Posted: 19 March,all,Captain Price hellcase.com,"Awesome Game! No bugs encountered at all! Finally ubisoft is making games perfect again! 5 on 5 stars! Awesome Story, Stable Gameplay, Beautiful Graphics! Perfect Game!"
76561198079346758,Recommended,460930,30630760,Posted: 19 March,all,Arno&Elise,"I am looking forward for those dlc to release. Hope there will be more weapons in the future, I really want one HK416 to travel with me in Bolivia. Also I wish there will be some siege operators outfits adding in the game like other Tom Clancy's games."
,Recommended,460930,30630586,Posted: 19 March,all,djjazzyjoel,"Its fun to play co-op with friends, but it's definitely not perfect. I've only played on extreme difficulty with another person ( no single player) so take this with a grain of salt but, cover system is not as satisfying as the Division, and enemy AI isn't that  great. Enemies sometimes seem to appear out of nowhere which is frustrating, especially if it causes you die at the very end of a mission. Gameplay is a bit reptitive (shoot all the guys) though how you accomplish that can be somewhat varied. Vehicles are fun but not great, the rewards sysem is sorta lame.  The voice acting and storyline is totally stupid, especially if you are playing co-op with less than 4 people (you'll always hear a conversation between 4 people no matter if you have 2 people actually in the game). If you liked FarCry 3 or4 co-op you'll probably like this, if not , especially if you want to play single player, maybe take a pass on this one."
76561198210160940,Recommended,460930,32267622,Posted: 8 June,all,Darkole1,Worth it!Buy it!Really fun!
,Recommended,460930,30935700,Posted: 3 April,all,DUX,"Love this game, wish there was PvP Right now but hey, itll be out soon from what we are told."
76561197971763043,Recommended,460930,30935675,Posted: 3 April,all,Pyle,Good Game has some quirks but over all very fun and enjoyable.Lots and lots to do and you get side tracked very easily. Definately worth getting!
76561198299006890,Recommended,460930,32386630,Posted: 13 June,all,I'épouvantail,"Jesus...my Gtx960 burnt offAlright ,let's go formalThe scenery is good.that was what I spent almost half an hour on. This game is more like an enhanced edition of Tom Clancy' The Disconnection,which I hate and love. I enjoy this game though it is a little repetitive like Mafia3 but in any case doesn't matter at all.summer sale is coming. I surmise this will be discounted that time. If you want to buy it,i recommend you buy it while it's on sale. Honestly it's a little expensive 60 now. I am impatient for sure. Hmm forget it.I recommend neither Deluxe nor Gold editon.They are kinda ..useless...Standard is ok.Yeah,Ok thats all. Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,460930,30607251,Posted: 18 March,all,SingleTonne,"Yeah it's actually really decent, heaps more fun if you can organize a few mates to play with but single player was engaging enough to warrant playing."
,Recommended,460930,30420939,Posted: 9 March,all,HUSKER222,"Yeah, I'd have to say the eye candy is amazing!! I do wish you could customize our AI team mates. Clothing, Gear, etc. I also wish the flight mechanics on the helicopters were more like armas. However, I think the driving mechanics are fine. I use a controller so i dont know how it is optimized on keyboard and mouse.I'm happy with the game but it is ""The Division"" with vehicles, and a bigger, newer, better map with more customization. but it is more of the same stuff.**EDIT**I'm editing this now that i've had the game for a few and put some hours into it and now that im past how gorgeous the scenery looks, I'd have to say UBISOFT FIX THE GAME! it has the foundation of an amazing game but the always disconnecting even when we are on the same network is ridiculous all of us with a wire and half the missions are bugged, the people are bugged, and why can we not customize our ai companions. Flight controls on the helicopter need some serious re doing. I do enjoy the game but i could enjoy it so much more!"
76561198209278800,Recommended,460930,30699528,Posted: 23 March,all,Death maker 45,Fun game.
76561198050927436,Not Recommended,460930,32409375,Posted: 14 June,all,anthpeacock,"It's a huge let down. The beta puts you right in the middle of it and you think, this looks great! The game play is fun, these few mechanics are cool. Then on the 4th mission when you see the whole game is this same process over and over it's hard to imagine it took them that long to make this.There is no challenge, there is no real stealth, you can't wait for a time of day you just have to play until it's night time.It's crap, would not have bought if I knew how one dimensional the game is."
76561198105287247,Recommended,460930,30601038,Posted: 18 March,all,sofeikov,"First of all,Thank you so much, Ubisoft, for this game. That was one of my best gaming experiences ever. I haven't played Devision, so I might be very biased here, but still. For me the most noticeable advantages of the game were:1) Open world. I could not believe I'm actually playing a tactical shooter in an open world. I was astonished during my first minutes of the game when I realised that i can get a car and go literally anywhere and do almost anything.2) Tactical stuff is good. I liked the concept of synchronised shot so much.3) Visually game is beautiful. People have already pointed out some nice nature views, made some gifs. I enjoyed every part of this digital world: mountains, towns, outposts, roads, highways, villages, mansions, rural parts of the country. The game looks fantastic.4) I somewhat believed the world you have drawn for us, to an extent everything going on there does indeed make some sense.5) I loved dialogues generally. Voice acting is cool.6) Some of characters are very nice. Bowman is an awesome character7) You did a fantastic job making minimap ♥♥♥♥ing useful. It is clear how to use it, it is VERY helpful and well designed. For me the cherry on the pie was the fact that you can press F on a skill and get a hint where you get supplies to boost your skill. Someone in your company did a great job on thinking this through.8) I enjoyed a lot combat system. I know some people(maybe hardcore players) were partly unhappy - worked fine for me though.9) To be honest, I did not feel the game is repetitive. May be a little bit, but going through main storyline was very enjoyable. Loved cutscenes.10) Enjoyable in both solo and coop mode. I jumped into coop after an hour or two of gameplay, but the pace was way too high as people understood the story and missions and I did not. So I play solo to get the main storyline and then I go play coop to have fun with other people11) Community. I understand that has been a subjective experience. However, so far people I've been playing with were very nice guys. We managed to use tactical part of the game to have fun, we worked together, died together and succeeded together(aka team work). People used their microphones and didn't behave themselves as morons in terms of communications. Loved this experience.However, there were moments that were a) annoying as ♥♥♥♥ b) literally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me. Thos were:1) Helicopter flying. This is broken. Yes, I figured out how to fly. Still seems to be annoying and broken. At the same time flying planes seems to be fine. But flying helicopter is not. Flying mechanics makes almost impossible to use miniguns deployed on some machines.2) Getting over hedges, boxes,etc. I wasn't able to get the logic. Sometimes you can get over the high hedge and its fine, sometimes you can't get over something of the same height. You just cant. You hit whitespace, but nothing happens. The inability to consistently being able to get over stuff is annoying. You never know which obstacles you will get over and which ones you will know.3) Rock climbing. Oh my god. This♥♥♥♥♥♥was killing me. Same as 2.4) When you get killed sometimes you are respawned in the middle of nowhere. If you've got cooldown on vehicle dropdown, good luck running.5) Driving. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why can I destroy a stone wall with the car but getting stoped by a ♥♥♥♥ing wooden box on the ground? What the hell? Why? Why? That was awesome. It is like you running away extracting something and suddenly find yourself stopped by a wooden box?????? Broken. You pretend to get this working in a realistic way - and destroyed stone walls look awesome, but at the same time you cant destroy a box. wtf. And yeah, you can't destroy bloody lamp posts!! You car can stand million bullets, a rocket and a minigun shooting, but god damn it it cant destroy a bloody lamp posts! This is very frustrating. Very very very frustrating. It is not like I want to destroy everything, but getting stuck on a lamp post? Cmon.6) Disappearing bodies. You killed a guy and his friend was not able to see a dead body near by. No, this is totally wrong. This defeats the idea of being stealthy and plan ahead. Why plan if you can just kill everyone and if you are patient, their comrades will notice nothing.7) As it was pointed out before, progressing through main story does not affect the world. If the cartel is almost destroyed I would like to see less unidad, less thugs, more rebellion. I'm not asking for rebellion tribes fighting each other for power, that would be way too much. But atm there is influence you make on the world you're trying to save. This is discouraging.8) Why cant you use rebellion help while driving? What is wrong with requesting mortar strike while approaching enemy positions?Despite all these cons, that game was fantastic. 9 out of 10. Thanks for reading!"
76561198288620959,Recommended,460930,30600261,Posted: 18 March,all,TeaKettle,"Found an NPC driving a Green and Yellow Truck, took the truck and reenacted Jurassic Park.""There moving in heards, they do move in herds.""8/10 would steal mans track for pop culture reference then run over and kill 15 cartel sicario's again."
76561198057937008,Not Recommended,460930,30478116,Posted: 12 March,all,Hookies,Almost a week now and can not launch the game. Latest patch did not fix it and Ubisoft does not reply with a valid fix on their forums. Refunding...
76561198122595741,Recommended,460930,32610007,Posted: 20 June,all,[Pvt] W. Heinberg [PTF],"Great Game, buy it if you have the money."
,Recommended,460930,30563348,Posted: 16 March,all,puppers101,"This game can be described in one word,inconsistient.I have a blast sometimes meand my ai buddys killing some drug lords and others time it feels like the game just wants to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off whether its studders in frame rate for no reason or launching you off your bike and slinging you only 2 to 3 feet but insta-killing you.The game is alos repatious after about 5-6 hours of play and even worse you are at a disadvantage by playing solo you get more control over your squad sure but your squad can be either elite soldiers or ♥♥♥♥ing danny davito with a bb gun if you die the game will freqwently have to TELEPORT them to you because they are not able to walk up some stair.But even with some of these SUPER annoying flaws i would still recommend buying this game because of how beutiful the world is the draw distances stretch for miles and with a nvidia gpu things like turf effects and hbao+ only add to this. The map is huge and does not suffer from the same thing that Just cause three did the map isnt just a bunch of nothingness when you explore you fell like you are always seeing something new and the land has varying biomes which add new ways of hiding and tackling strongholds and the game has a lot of guns to find so yeah i would recommend it if those issues up there dont annoy you"
,Not Recommended,460930,32598957,Posted: 20 June,all,.deep,Just another rushed unfinished cash and grab.
76561198095232952,Not Recommended,460930,30400109,Posted: 8 March,all,rj_hated,"While it is very graphically stunning, the storyline and gameplay is basically a modern version of Just Cause that takes place in Bolivia. The vehicle controls lack control, with an all-or-nothing type of speed control. In order to go anywhere in a helicopter, you have to zig-zag in altittude. Having a storyline following a squad of characters is okay, but the story surrounding them, to include side mission, antagonists, and allies, are largely uncreative. If you've seen one of them within the first 10 minutes of the game, you've seen them all.The Combat system is also flawed. The stealth system largely rivals sthat of Skyrim, so to speak. Just stay asa far out of line of sight, take a shot at them, and, as long as they don't have line of sight to you or a dead body, the enemy won't take notice.Wait for a sale. This isn't worth much more than about $20."
76561198026816473,Not Recommended,460930,32544793,Posted: 18 June,all,|10|01|,"Pros: amazing graphics, great single mode tactical, great combat gameplay, huge map awsome landscapes.Cons: Low fps on high end pc, driving system terrible, multiplayer mode unless you have friends to play with don't even bother, extreme hard mode is not that hardFor 68h of gameplay, not worth spending 60€, get it on a sale"
,Recommended,460930,30437014,Posted: 10 March,all,Squid_Face,"I just hope there's a moral choice at the end where you have the option to become the leader of the Cartel and rule Bolivia with an ironfist becoming the very thing you fought to destroy, or is that too cliche?"
76561198073008791,Recommended,460930,32715773,Posted: 24 June,all,jtm332,Overall Great game however the singleplayer is great. It really shines when you play with friends or even strangers. a bit repetative in singleplayer. but in multiplayer its alot more interesting.
76561197984910211,Recommended,460930,32805206,Posted: 26 June,all,TBH I'm Not Rdy,"Awesome game for just flying around, enjoying the view and having fun with your friends. However, the dificulity is relatively low, which somewhat as been fixed with the options to remove HUD. AI is not that good"
76561198375442071,Recommended,460930,32829018,Posted: 26 June,all,slaymika,good game!!!
76561198093336317,Recommended,460930,32767979,Posted: 25 June,all,Beanie596,Its a nice game in singlplayer but its better in co-op with friends it dose have some bugs but thay are not game breaking plus the DLC is pritty good as well lots to do but it gets boring after you complete it
76561198050102765,Recommended,460930,32817341,Posted: 26 June,all,heltklart,not that long into the game but it's good fun as far as i have come
,Recommended,460930,30669324,Posted: 22 March,all,雨宮リンドウ,"Very fun game, i could see myself putting hundreds of hours into this, me and my friends go around completing missions, sometimes we go as stealty as possible and plan every move, then sometimes we just run in with all guns blazing, very good game, would definatley recommend to anyone who likes to FarCry series ;)"
,Recommended,460930,30405199,Posted: 9 March,all,Yabizar,Games amazing! Great for coop!
,Recommended,460930,33543581,Posted: 14 July,all,ftstani,"Edit: I wrote this review after playing an hour and a half. Now having played it for eight hours or so, let me just say that this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing blast. I saw a mountain in the distance and was able to drive a truck up to the peak, where I engaged in an spetacular firefight before parachuting off a cliff from the other side. Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ And while the game has subsurface scattering there isn't really any slooty content.GameplayThis game is a third-person shooter. I'm not going to call it an action shooter. It can be very ""tactical."" You die from a few hits. You can't run-and-gun, at least without skill upgrades. Of course there are obvious gameplay elements, like getting revived from a headshot by having a syringe jammed into your chest. It's arcade realism, but it's fun. At times.This fun  wears off  when you realize that there is zero interaction in the world. It's a huge map, and it's empty. Even Just Cause 3's map is more interactive. The graphics, while amazing, are basically used to render a huge and empty photorealistic panorama with nothing in it. You'll encounter the same towns, the same NPCs, and the same enemies over and over again.TechnicalThe game demands a top of the line GPU. I would say that without a Nvidia 10 series you won't get acceptable framerates without turning off most options, with low settings overall. Whereupon the game resembles Just Cause 2. But I don't think it's poorly optimized given the world size. On ultra settings this game has the best visuals I've seen to date, for natural scenery. What really bothered me was that the rendering was pointless. It's just a lot of empty space. You'll be fast traveling after an hour.StoryThe story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was surprised actually. Maybe it's just me, but after watching the opening movie I started rooting for the bad guy. That is because he is the only character in this entire game that has anything resembling character. The plotline itself is presented in a way that's just ridiculous. For example, the first cutscene is literally about two torture specialists and how theyfell in love over Facebook. I'm not exaggerating. And if that sounds funny in a dark humor kind of way, I assure you that's only because you're laughing at my hilarious prose.Final ThoughtsWell, it's a Ubisoft game. You'll find gorgeous visuals, questionable design decisions, and lots and lots of microtransactions. That's right. Don't be fooled by the low DLC count. This game actually has an in-game store where you can buy♥♥♥♥♥♥like hat options.After all's said and done though, I'll recommend this game because the 4-player Coop mode is really ♥♥♥♥ing fun.Oh yeah, if you really love flannel shirts, this game is definitely for you. You can't customize the appearance of your squad, so there's a dude who walks around in a flannel shirt. Constantly. You also have many flannel patterns to choose from when customizing your own character. Like seriously, who comes up with this?"
,Recommended,460930,30515626,Posted: 14 March,all,TylerSteez,tons of weapon customization and challenging missions that require you to think about how you're gonna approach it.
,Recommended,460930,30402498,Posted: 8 March,all,OhHaiMyGodDamnMaiz,.
,Recommended,460930,30380681,Posted: 7 March,all,Danny Danger,"AMAZING GAME, Performs very well on my GTX1080, even on a i5 6000 there is no issues what so ever.Very immersive co-op experience, so if you have 4 people together it will be a endless amount of fun.I had Plays.tv also recording in the background and it didn't effect the game at all.Played alot of Dayz, and this game, if it had Dayz Elements to it, it would be awesome, hopefully they release some awesome DLC stuff for this game to increase future playerbility.10/10 - can't wait to run the entire map on foot."
76561198305004563,Recommended,460930,31890675,Posted: 21 May,all,johnk4509,awesome game!!!
76561198079553563,Recommended,460930,31597107,Posted: 6 May,all,EJOM,"10/10 I think this is a very good game, great story. Will play for 2000 hours."
76561198275831989,Recommended,460930,33644674,Posted: 18 July,all,ジャム A.JAM ジャム,hnmblkjbgkjllkrtjlbsidkjdrjbthis gmae is trbi
,Recommended,460930,32349123,Posted: 11 June,all,Well I'm Ryan,Great Coop Game!if only you could disable the bots you get for teammates when solo.
76561198033352531,Not Recommended,460930,30532910,Posted: 15 March,all,Shadowhawk,Been waiting over 3 days for a response from Ubisoft's Customer Support. My PC game is somehow trying to act like a console but you cant play the game. May be considering a refund.
76561198107214460,Recommended,460930,33928150,Posted: 31 July,all,Mustang GT Shelby 8192032,This game is incredible. The graphics are top notch. Not as complicated as Arma 3 but definitely brings together a team for a great coop experience ! Met some great guys in this game and made new friends along the way. The community is helpful and friendly. Semper Fidelis ! Hoorah! Ghosts !
76561198091228641,Recommended,460930,30513207,Posted: 14 March,all,[NVN] ✪ Mtn. Cruz,In a short answer I recommend the game but in long terms the game is glitchy and needs work to become more stable  in multiplayer and they need to work on the load out screen/ selection at the moment you have to change all weapons manually and needs a kit system. Also the outfits are a little glitchy and sometimes double in two different slots and can e annoying. The multiplayer should also have a ability to find people on a certain mission became se if someone is ahead of you it unlocks the missions they have. Also the ability to destroy friendly vehicles can lead to annoying moments along with the drone glitch (can't deploy drone or use binoculars) can make stealth impossible in certain missions. Overall it's a great game and some bugs can make it super fun but still needs work.
76561198002271612,Recommended,460930,30513435,Posted: 14 March,all,Jam_Man,"Its flawed and the team AI is terrible, however actually really enjoy the game and had some great moments in game."
,Recommended,460930,30576534,Posted: 17 March,all,mikelowry7,very fun to play with friends wouldnt recomend if you get bored of doin same missions over again
76561198043910686,Recommended,460930,30575402,Posted: 17 March,all,|LaG| V!C!OUS,"What is there that I can't say about this game? I'm cheap and picky to boot. So, spending 60 bucks on this game wasn't an easy choice. Waiting 4 months for the release did me in though. So, let's start with graphics.Top notch! The Bolivian scenery is spectacular. Everything feels so real that even the characters are hard to recognize as computer generated, even up close. 9.5/10. That's omly because nothing's ever perfect.Gameplay is fluid and transition from vehicles to weapons to traveling the different landscapes makes the 60 bucks I spent probably the best buy I've made in a long time for full price. Worth every penny.Try to take into account negative reviews on this game were made mostly during the beta test. Whatever those were they are gone now. Do keep in mind this a HUGE game. Apparently it wont even launch unless you have at least 2 gigs of memory on your graphics card. All said and done the co-op mode is ridiculousl amounts of fun for hours and days. I've logged close to 24 hours already and have only just scratched the surface of everything that needs to be done to get to the Santa Blanca Cartel leader, El Sueno.So, if you've got enough PC and 60 bucks to blow...BUY IT NOW! I promise you wont be sorry. 10/10. I lied...some things are perfect!"
76561198168669702,Recommended,460930,30576485,Posted: 17 March,all,Daan,"After what seemed for ever to release this game, it finally hit steam with a bang. First opinion of Wildlands is that it is a awesome game. I have been playing division for some time now, an can freely say that this latest release from Ubisoft is far better. Graphics is really good, even on just high settings, although to appreciate the effort made by the devs, the game must be played on Ultra settings. The physics is overall very good, although the driving of vehicles takes some getting used to. The singleplayer option that assigns 3 teammates from AI is well rounded, although you must be carefull to gaurd you own 6, because they do not. Happened twice where I was in sniper tower, with AI teammates on ground floor, that the enemy jumps me by surprize. Measure agains simular games out there I would say this ranks in the top 10 percent of openworld co-op shooters. Well done to Ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,460930,34423155,Posted: 22 August,all,Blackout,god its just boring.
76561198070919188,Recommended,460930,30575720,Posted: 17 March,all,ComeAroundPhoenix,"First off, playing on..-GTX 1070-I7 4790k-16gb DDR3I was very surprised by how good the game looks and how much detail went into textures and effects since the game is so massive. I run a mixture of very high and ultra settings and have framerates anywhere from 62 to 75 on average. The gameplay can be either tactical or run and gun (which is much harder) but it does give you the option to choose how you want to do every mission. I've had alot of fun with the freedom the game offers as you can go to any region and play any  missions in any order you choose. Of course the driving in this game is a little bizarre and feels as if you are driving on an ice skating rink (think Just Cause driving) but overall you start to forget about it after awhile as the actual stealth and combat makes up for it. Another thing to note is I have been playing the game solo so far and has still been a very fun experience. Most of the time on stealth missions I will tell my team to hold up at the gate while I sneak in and complete the mission or steal the evidence etc. One cool thing about this is they can mark enemies for you while you are inside.For anyone experiencing stutter, low fps, or textures loading in too slow..-Install the game on an SSD if possible. At first I had this installed on a 7200 rpm HDD and while most things were fine, I had some issues where textures loaded in slowly or would stay blurry for longer than usual. Installing to SSD fixed this issue.-Turf Effects turned off can improve fps and also help to reduce stutter especially during high motion scenes such as driving or flying.-Moving the default savegame folder (ubisoft) to another drive can be a potential fix for stutter as well and can make autosaves smooth during the game.-I saw no benefit in overclocking cpu or gpu for the game as overall it isnt perfectly optimized as of now."
76561198069089523,Recommended,460930,34674312,Posted: 1 September,all,keahlii12,"I don't even remember buying this and it's the deluxe edition at that. Damn, I need to quit drinking and getting on steam."
76561198044825481,Recommended,460930,31569647,Posted: 5 May,all,Snakeyes,I like this game. Tactical enough to keep me interested on the hardest settings. Not over the top where it's still easy to jump in and play for an hour and have some fun. Really good looking game.Sounds like the DLC is terrible so I will avoid that.
,Recommended,460930,30575056,Posted: 17 March,all,Brakara,"Fun in co-op with friends, but a bit rough if going solo."
76561198208823999,Recommended,460930,31567046,Posted: 5 May,all,MasterRJS,This is one of the best games I have ever played! Anyone that is sane would like this game
76561198151348068,Recommended,460930,34154644,Posted: 10 August,all,Nuttyste22™,"what can i say just a brill game,"
76561198126148598,Recommended,460930,34864293,Posted: 10 September,all,partymartyh,It's pretty fun. Been enjoying the challenge of Tier 1. It's like an arcade version of Arma 3. Really great with some friends! The graphics are fantastic! Runs great!
76561198123256818,Recommended,460930,34882554,Posted: 11 September,all,4oö8nzppppahi,best openworld game i ever played.hundrets of different weaponcombinationsamazing world & playerbase
76561198339492119,Recommended,460930,34883567,Posted: 11 September,all,Lenny,It's a nice game
,Recommended,460930,30402152,Posted: 8 March,all,BunnyLord,"Someones got to explain where all the hate is coming from on this game lol, its beautiful, gameplay is great, handling of vehicles just takes some getting used to, I like the story so far, the AI is clearly not as bad as people say it is although i have seen some minor flaws, and the way they made the changes is fine.People cant get over changes to their habits it seems. Freaking  ridiculous.And please the bugs are so freaking minor. The only ""noticeable"" bug ive got is just for the ghillie suit.Based off of the work they put into this game, Ubisoft upped their game.Haters got to CTFOEDIT: The more i play this game the more I see its good fun, if you suck at controling vehicles, well git gud. I finished the game and it is awesome fun as always to continue playing."
,Recommended,460930,32181892,Posted: 4 June,all,Sinvex,"Fun game, gets repetitive though. They really did a lot of copy/paste in this it seems like. Breathtaking graphics, but the missions are grindy. Narco Road DLC was garbage, hopefully they do better with the rest."
,Recommended,460930,31374746,Posted: 26 April,all,Captain Bear,"It's one of the best games ubisoft has released. I suggest playing with a friend (or 3), because your AI teammates are kinda annoying. This game is awsome."
,Recommended,460930,33928098,Posted: 31 July,all,Jimmy Saville Stole My Goat,Is fun
,Recommended,460930,31443709,Posted: 29 April,all,Jim Beam,"This game was a real surprise for me, I was expecting it to be either a sub-par Division or a ridiculous Just Cause type game but it is surprisingly fun, especially with friends but even solo. I've been a Ghost Recon fan since the originals, and to be honest this is probably the most realistic portrayal of what the Ghosts would be up to that we could have gotten given the AAA market. While I liked GRAW 2 and Future Soldier for what they were, I like the return to a modern-day setting and the open world gameplay suits the Ghosts' Special Forces modus operandi; if only raising the rebel support had been a bigger element than doing missions and gathering supplies to make meters go up. But the best part of the game for me is its coop; with its open world and AAA concessions, Wildlands has been a nice casual substitute for the more hardcore ArmA sessions I used to have with my friends.Given the ArmA comparison, I should note that Wildlands is not 'realistic', it's definitely got a little cheesy action-movie inspiration in the vein of Just Cause, but I feel like the studio also took inspiration from grittier movies like Sicario and Black hawk Down. Unarmored enemies drop in a few hits, and without level-ups from the inevitable progression system, you are pretty fagile as well. Thankfully there is a 'fair' revive system (one revive per combat encounter before Game Over) that games like Mass Effect Andromeda would do well to take inspiration from. The game is also packed with little details, like how the gear your avatar is wearing changes depending on the weapon you are using.Granted, Wildlands is a fusion of all the elements that tickle my fancy: open-world gameplay with strong stealth aspects and missions that offer some variety of tactical and strategic options, decent variety of terrains, vehicles and weapons, and of of course, tactical dress-up (and yes, i spent a little extra so i could get some sweet sneakers for my avatar) so if that doesn't sound interesting, this probably isn't a game for you. But I was quite pleasantly surprised and I appreciate this new direction for the franchise. Until we get the Ghost Recon game I dream of complete with the open world terrain of what we got in Wildlands combined with the combined arms simulation (and dress-up options!) of Arma, characters, story and dialog of witcher 3 quality, all overlaid with a dynamic factional system pitting multiple factions of varying ethical positions together in a 100-hour action-role-playing-combat-simulation-political-thriller game... well, Wildlands isn't so bad.My Pros:+ enormous open world with varied terrains+ open-ended missions/scenarios that allow a variety of tactics+ stealth gameplay - and AI that adjusts for that+ shooty bang bang gameplay is also fun, too+ so many clothes to wear and guns to shoot+ a blast in co-op+ them graphics+ they at least tried to make memorable villains+ beardsMy Cons:- weird mouse glitch in multiplayer sometimes- avatar's voice acting is atrocious (especially the female)- story is ho-hum USA USA USA stuff (so far, and i don't expect some big twist is coming)- car physics, though it's a good balance from the two extremes in the betas"
76561198335422643,Recommended,460930,32085195,Posted: 31 May,all,InSaNeVaAs,Quite a fun game if u have nice teammates
,Recommended,460930,30639374,Posted: 20 March,all,Kek,"Bugs/suggestions :Grenade launcher lag when shootingMake vehicle dropoff be an area selectable ability (instead of randomly spawning near trees)Give enemy units shotguns. instead of just machineguns and default assault riflesUnidad patrols should not fly directly above your location while being undetectedMake binoculars a viable scouting method (drone gets 250% binocular scouting range)Enemies getting 200% more hp when engagedSinq shot with ai teammates is do-able even trough they're in an inclosed room, with a mountain in the way, and from 500 metter distanceVehicle dropoff should offer a choice in which vehicle you want deployed, a unarmed chopper isnt the same as a armoured vehicle with a gatling gun - FIXEDNot bugs, actual intended content :You have no real say on how the game plays, you can't kill a serial killer and trafficker, but instead let him roam free, and then have your squad wonder how's he gonna live on.Radio remains the same even after doing the DJ zone.Guns gotten from bosses cannot be customized.Skills points are an collectible hunt, and resource gathering resumes to doing repeatable side missions.This is a positive review because of the following reasons :Very interesting story.Base gameplay is decent.Playing with friends feels really good.Lots of character and weapon customization."
76561198120120855,Recommended,460930,32184401,Posted: 4 June,all,Aki秋,"Ubisoft...... always made a Good Game for the OPEN WORLD FANS.................as long as you don't buy the season pass to ruin your mood.The game itself is acceptable. Confused with the control at the start.The chopper is hard to destroyed yet it easy to defeat.Unlike any other Tom Clancy's, This one is actual pretty unique in it own way.The DLC, ain't gonna bother with it anymore.The gameplay kind of got me annoyed. You swaped the guns from the deadman and when you died, it change back to the default.I get it why i can't refund most of the game that is made from UBISOFT.You can create your own character, which took you about 1 hour or so on.Try to know the control and play the game then give it a thought.AND by the time you realized, your game record said' You Played: 6 hours 'NICE, EVEN IF YOU HATED THE GAME, YOU JUST HAVE TO GET ALONG WITH"
,Recommended,460930,32080940,Posted: 31 May,all,Sou,10/10Dont know about DLC's
,Recommended,460930,30866649,Posted: 31 March,all,Stompy,"This is an arcade game. Dont expect any common sense when it comes to tactical/sneaky approaches. Overall, it's fun but there are a lot of annoying technical/gameplay details. Don't take this game seriously."
,Recommended,460930,30469703,Posted: 12 March,all,[R18] SoulFrost,"'Is this an commendation'?'Looks like it came from a box of cereal .. or the Airforce'xDSeriously though, yes the controls for vechicles are a bit wonky but I'm hoping they will patch that eventually. Otherwise I'm having a great time. (Solo play at the moment). Reminds me alot of Metal Gear solid V."
,Recommended,460930,30465156,Posted: 12 March,all,S o L i D,nice
,Recommended,460930,30414616,Posted: 9 March,all,Zbig,Much better than I expected
,Recommended,460930,31096388,Posted: 12 April,all,jay_jay1987,now i dont have many hours on the game but i can tell u it is amazing my game has crashed once at thew worst time possible but other from that nothing else i would rate this 8/10 why 8 well you need a really good pc i have a evge 970 32GB ram 3Tb storage and and a intel core I7 4790K 4.00GHz when i play it uses 25% of my ram and 50% of my cpu im always getting 60FPS but then it drops to 45 or 50 its a great game but if you dont have the recomended specs thats given i higle recomend not to buy it if you do have better specs then i higly recomend to buy it
,Recommended,460930,31806459,Posted: 17 May,all,<_Nega_Nebulus_>,IT'S GOOD
76561197977788256,Not Recommended,460930,34048425,Posted: 5 August,all,PFC Hudson,I cant recommend this game at full price. It's not a 'bad' game. It just isn't worth 60 dollars.I think I'm about half way to beating the game and I'm already bored with it.Imagine playing The Division but with no instanced content or base progression. That's Wildlands.And I know they're supposed to be adding a pvp mode later but I feel like PvP in this game isn't going to be what people want or are expecting.
,Recommended,460930,30787839,Posted: 28 March,all,itsvicktime,gets kind of boring after a while
76561198006903985,Not Recommended,460930,30515205,Posted: 14 March,all,Onaturi,"specs: 1070 gtx and a i7 5820k.!!!beware while i try not to, SPOILERS !!!Performancedid a custom version of the max settings, with a steady 60 fps all abroad. But however there were times that textures went missing. Shame on you ubisoft.GameplayIt's a shooter, sometimes not even tactical which sucked. I wanted a stealth tactical shooter. But it won't happen because of the dumb AI (read further) !spoiler1!. And the stealth is repetitive, come up to a area/base scout, use support scout sync shot untill you ♥♥♥♥ up and continue. Spawn heli to get out and doneThe final mission doesn't even be a stealth shooter it's a race against the clock from point A to BVehicles; i didn't see a big  problem, yeh could be more fluid but i bought a shooter not a racing simulator. The motor cycle however is not a recommendation on single player, if you die while on it;our KIA.The heli however is the best weapon in game. That race mission i mentioned above, done in 3 minutes.The AIwhere to start, It's horrible- when you are stealthy the enemy will spot you even through walls if your close by. But i've encountered that when my 3 companions are crouching right in front of them. They are invisible- Weaver is carrying a bolt action sniper rifle, in combat that bolt action sniper somehow can fire as a full automatic weapon.- They do not drive, basically in single player you are the taxi driver. From point 1 to be.- Simple commands, but it's fun to send them up on a mountain 5 km away from yourself, while you go ghost through a enemy base.- they can shoot through walls- They teleport into vehicles- They are just compeltely uselessMultiplayer:Matchmaking, uhm what? how can it be that i am for 2 hours still searching for a public group.But the 2 groups i found were decent? Well 1 of them it was a early game group with missions i already done, but hey i wanted to do some multiplayer mission achievements. The other  groups, one was a gunsblazing group, the other was someone on the last mission, grouped up with 2 new players and there was the group i needed to continueStory / characters.!!!SPOILERS!!!! or not.Sometimes it doesn't add up, there are a few noticeable characters, but for completion 1 of them gets to go to prison while I COMPLETELY disagree with that.The endings SUCK in my opinion. Same with last mission but i went over that already.Side missions.For the rebel support skils you need to do those to upgrade them. Halfway through the map however, your done. They don't do anything good anymore. At that point they should have added resources to them for the skill tree, skil ltree needs a bunch of them. It's a grind. I got all the Skill points foudn ingame, but you still need a ton of fuel, food, medice to upgrade your skills. Soemtimes you even have to fly a plane 10 km to a airport over samsites, while there was a makeshift airstrip controlled by the rebels 1 km the other way. Or at least in the territory you are currently in.Microtransactions:BOOOOOConclusion:While i still had fun and wanted to finish the game, I cannot recommend it if your going the single player route like i did. Cannot even recommend the public matchmaking. You need 3 friends, but if you get 3 friends to buy this game alongside you, then I would unfriend you.PSCustomer suppoort is bad, i was stuck on a story mission cause it just didn't pop up and there was no feedback from them. Relaoding game, traveling other zones didn't fix it. I got it to fix with one of the multiplayer games i was in he started it and we got to complete it."
,Not Recommended,460930,31746965,Posted: 14 May,all,SPUNKMYER,Visuals are great and gun play is also good. but im going to down vote Widlands due to it not being very well optimized and the game feels very repetitive!
,Recommended,460930,34601339,Posted: 30 August,all,SmoothScout,its a good game
,Recommended,460930,31719452,Posted: 13 May,all,madman,An excelllent open world game and an awesome story.  This decision is easy ... buy it.
,Recommended,460930,32367579,Posted: 12 June,all,Mr.Chronic,"great game,100s of hrs! except bad optimization...runs about as well as a cripple"
76561198007272391,Recommended,460930,30576228,Posted: 17 March,all,ClodiusPulcher,"Advanced with no HUD seems to be the way to go when playing solo. Makes you thoroughly recon an area before you decide how to approach an objective(hence the name Ghost Recon). Im only 25 hrs into the game, but having a blast and see hundreds of hours out of this game, even with t he repetitive side missions. Coop has been fun as long as you have like-minded players whose playstyles match. This game seems to be a great game for people who dont like to run and gun, yet dont want the extreme realism of ARMA games. And this game is only going to get better with more content in the future. Sixty bucks well spent :-)"
,Recommended,460930,31906013,Posted: 22 May,all,Life,I love this game
,Recommended,460930,30652864,Posted: 21 March,all,"Echo""Location""","Alright, so I've been playing this for the past few days after update 1.1.5.1. Generally the game is pretty awesome, not perfect (notting's perfect), but still makes a great game. Although the cover system is a bit clunky but after sometime i got used to it. It's fun playing solo cause your A.I team is game breaking-ly O.P. I really like their idea of ""no restarts"", really invest in immersion. Speaking of immersion, the game is top notch realistic, but some skill perk will sometimes break the immersion.I played the previous GR installment, really happy that they use content and feature from the good ol'GR games. Gunsmith (such wow), sync shot, even some OST from GR Future Soldier.As a future game developer mainly in Game technology, their script and coding for all their NPC/A.I are sick. No doubt the best script/coding that has been done for NPC/A.I.So....5 years of development for a game like this...Well done. Ubisoft Paris, you have my upmost respect."
76561197997728699,Recommended,460930,30381308,Posted: 7 March,all,UsaLostLiberty,"Wow ,finally a game worth playing for a very long time  ........ Love it ,for somone one that playing PC games over 25 years this one is very well done ...... BRAVO .Super gierka polecam."
,Recommended,460930,31914004,Posted: 23 May,all,PhantomGamer,"Game is great, could improve mechanics a bit but still awesome!"
,Recommended,460930,30381273,Posted: 7 March,all,Daijobu Psyduck,I have played the beta and it was very good. The whole aspect of coop actualy live up it name genra.
,Recommended,460930,33873400,Posted: 28 July,all,xMooNxLighTx,Love it
76561198128942392,Not Recommended,460930,31499006,Posted: 1 May,all,Yozo,"waste of money, waste of time."
,Not Recommended,460930,31367608,Posted: 25 April,all,TrustFundBaby,"I loved the game, but Narco road was a complete letdown. Dont waste you rmoney on ANY dlc."
76561198136349373,Recommended,460930,30863616,Posted: 31 March,all,Hitloaf,"Can't play Co-op unless you have the best internet ever, 7/10 would refund again"
,Not Recommended,460930,30560416,Posted: 16 March,all,tsj9834,"At the current situation the game is at I cannot recommend it. Bugs that should have been fixed after the beta have not, and more bugs have appeared. The bugs are mainly for multiplayer, which if you play this game single player are not an issue(I think).The first Issue is that the Suppressor indicator is messed up. This takes away from the game's stealth and NEEDED TO BE FIXED AFTER BETA.2nd issue is that the indicators on the map spaz out randomly(not mutch of a problem, but its still a bug).3rd issue is PERFORMANCE and optimization. Game is very slow loading/crashes at times. This even happened during the beta, which again SHOULD HAVE BEEN FIXED.4th issue: Not synced enemies. I have had this bug once, and it is kinda cool, but again a ""released"" game should not even have this issue. What happens is that you will lag and the texture will go very bad(even though my settings are at the lowest even with a 4GB gtx 960) and the enemies dont show up for me. 5 minutes later they appear and I die.(this issue popped up AFTER beta).5th Issue: motorcycles are very buggy to ride.6th Issue: they removed the jokes after the beta. Those jokes that you got on thet radio have been forgotten as Ubisoft removed them AFTER the beta. I have no idea why they would downgrade a game from the beta.Last issue: Ubisoft made this game. This is the final issue because ubisoft does NOT fix bugs in games ussually and just cares about money. We saw this on watch dogs, The crew, and the division.Over all I cannot recommend this game in the curent state its in. It wont prevent me from playing it with my friends, but when the bugs pop up its annoying and messes up the game for everyone."
76561198049444231,Not Recommended,460930,34490429,Posted: 25 August,all,Atraxz,"Entertaing game. However, once you start leveling  the game get way way way way to easy. Even with the DLC fallen ghosts,which is supposed to diff up, it is still way to easy. 3 players can wipe a base without efort.Fort this game to be attractivev it needs to boost the diff. and not foucus on 12yr."
76561198017297147,Recommended,460930,30416940,Posted: 9 March,all,GunnyMarx,"Just a very brief first-impressions-review. There might be more, if and when the game takes off, and receives its first patches.I am fortunate enough, to be able to run grafix on all ultra settings - and it is gorgeous! Very well done. Detail, fluency, effects - everything I have seen so far was stunning and without fault.Character creation a la GTA V, but less choice, and less possibility, to create a truely uniquely looking character. Maybe, that will come at a later stage. I just hope, that if so, the present characters, may be modified then. Right now, you cannot change your character's physical appearance, after you have created it.Innoavtive mission design, with progressively expanding map and difficulty levels. Also, a creative way of presenting a tech-upgrade tree. I will have to see, whether it turns into yet another form of grind, or if it stays interesting to the top levels. My least favourite sub-missions are the ""convoy tag"" missions, as they involve vehicle and shootingwhilst driving. Very Rambo, very arcady, very boring, too unatractive to record, very not-neccessary.Another, very strange thing is, that I can change my weapon loadout, anywhere, anytime. But I do have limited ammo, and have to find a wapons crate, to stock up. Artistic licence, I guess. It doesn't get my vote.Much of what does not work as I would wish it to, might very well be due to my own position, at the bottom of the learning curve. Still, AI team mates are an asset, and it's fun to play the storyline.My biggest complain is the vehicle control, i.e. steering/piloting. It is, by far, THE absolute worst I have seen in over 30 years of gaming. It takes the immersion right out of the game. Even driving cars is arward. Helicopters and aircraft are even worse than GTA V. Yes it is not a MilSim, nor is it a flight sim. But for the love of feck! JointOps had a nicer control system over 10 years ago. Come on guys, really?! You need to do something about this - it is absolutely horrible.And to all those, who dare say, that piloting should be a challenge, I say: It is - even with proper controls. So no need to re-invent the wheel, and go all creative on some crack♥♥♥♥♥steering concept. Bin it. Try again! ASAPI for my part, will avoid vehicles, where I can, and just hoof it...and enjoy the lovely scenery, sounds, and the music - which is actually quite nice for a change. It is well worth it. Very good immersion, when doing stuff the infantry way - but not a harcore mil-sim.All in all, the gets all thumbs up, albeit at a hefty price. I can whole heartedly recommend it, to anybody, who is not looking for a simulation-game of any sort. Good entertainent!Thanks"
76561198105154262,Recommended,460930,31285927,Posted: 21 April,all,BOT.2.1,"60.9 hrs on record game completed, Karen kills the bad guy at the end, after the end credits, it says 89% complete continue for differant ending, the next mission was killing subs, second sub bug not to be found, i can see a lot of time, and people contributed to the game, it was kinda fun, but as pre-purchased last year was disappointed there was nothing free with pre-purchase. i found it become repetitive after 40hrs, and was glad i finished the game in 60hrs, there is a differant ending if you dont compete all paths. Karen killed the bad guy. GG. was exspecting a little more to be honest. I recommend based on completion rather than content.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=910421891"
76561198096271249,Recommended,460930,31134589,Posted: 14 April,all,gGw 🤙🏼,Helicopter sucks
,Recommended,460930,30405687,Posted: 9 March,all,Plexmann,"Well I bought this prerelease, something I don't normally do. It is all I hoped it would be and with PVP coming it will be a blast. I played FarCry 3 till the corners were rounded and all the outpost clearing is just as good. A little jerky at times and I have a high end system, but I'm sure it will be cleaned up before too long."
,Recommended,460930,33214141,Posted: 3 July,all,Ry,Wonderfully designed open world co-op. We don't get many co-op games much less high budget ones and I think it's the only open world co-op miltary shooter out there aside from maybe some ARMA 3 mod missions. Great fun if played with a headset and a friend or 3. Drop in/Drop co-op and a very open ended mission design. You start off in the middle of the map and from there are free to do any mission in any order.
,Recommended,460930,30382911,Posted: 7 March,all,NameHasBeenChanged,GR8 Game M8 8/8 IGN.
76561198091204581,Recommended,460930,30404170,Posted: 8 March,all,McMuffin Hellcase.com,"Amazing graphics and combat system!Has some strange car physics...9,5/10Works fine on max settings (1080p) with 30-45 fps. Just lower some graphic settings to very high to get 60+ fps (from Ultra).My specs:* msi gtx 1060 (not overclocked)* i5 7600k (not overclocked)* 16 gb"
,Recommended,460930,31020847,Posted: 8 April,all,General Grudge,"GREATEST GAME EVER MADE.This game is incredible.I cannot get over how beautiful the graphics are and how huge the world is.I do not know how large bolivia is but I would not be surprised to find this game is to scale.That is how impressive the tech in this game actually is.The game is so impressive it made me want to upgrade my graphics card which hasn't happened in a long while.I had a 980 and it was stunning but I went to a 1080 and bumped it up to ultra and it runs as smooth as butter and has graphics that are prettier than even such games like the Witcher 3.This video game is a marvel.It may take you an hour or so playing the game to understand just how amazing it really is and for it to sink in but give it time.... this game sets a new standard for graphics and open world games.It isn't perfect but no game is and the few imperfections stick out like a sore thumb early but once you settle in you will no longer be bothered by the little things.I hope and pray that some day we will have a battle royal game (like PUBG, Dayz etc) of this scope and polish as well...because this game lends its self perfectly to such a style.Maybe one day...BTW don't listen to those who say the single player experience is bad....that is almost all I have done and I have had a blast.Best value for the gaming dollar I have had in a long time.BUY NOW! :)"
,Not Recommended,460930,31984022,Posted: 26 May,all,Steven Gritsky,"game is fun for a couple hours then just gets very repetitive, need to kill people, secure a location, find info, kill a cartel leader and that really about it."
76561198066381232,Recommended,460930,33261960,Posted: 4 July,all,Sir Spoderman,"Well i have prepared a short review for people who are unsure wether to buy it or not.Overall Info:Graphics: Nice. On High Quality (your FPS may be Low af) the game looks very prettyPerformance: Meh. It will totally eat your CPU but it still is nice at Med Quality, not a problemGameplay/Story/etc. :Gameplay: Its interresting and feels..... new? I guess. Weapon handling (eventhough its a 3rd Person shooter) reminds me of Battlefield (bullet fall) and the weapons feel like real weapons (not like Plastic Airsoft Guns à la CoD/CS).Stealthing is well made, enemies are challenging (depending on difficulty) and arent as brainless as the usual Game NPC.In other words: you gotta use your brain  to break into a base.Story: Well..... the story is you shut down a Narcos Cartell. Kill production, Officers, Druglords, support the rebels, steal stuff from bad guys blablabla. Its not bad (dont get me wrong I like it) but there wont be a story like in FarCry where you are some kind of Chosen Superman whos the talk of the town. But really it sounds worse than it is. One area lets you take down a production line for Cocaine in the Jungle, another area is a Holiday Resort of the Cartel you gotta ""redecorate"".Its well made.Openworld: Kinda like Just Cause 2. Big. Many different Enviroments. Lots of places to discover. BUT it isnt as full as you might think tho (still there is like 10 times more stuff to do than in any FarCry or JustCause).BIG PLUS: almost every building is accessable (how long have gamers waited for that srsly)Its a very good Open World I think (just look at the pictures above ffs)MY OPINION:I played the Beta and was like ""meh its kinda empty isnt it"" ""those NPC followers really♥♥♥♥♥♥me off"" ""the Car handling is BS""So i waited for the Summersale and got it. Now I think many things improved in a good way (mostly) and i really do enjoy it.Sure it wont be a 500 hours+ experience but 100 hours should be in. I just love the stealth parts and it feels like the Open World SplinterCell ive always wished for.But overall: its a TomClancy game which means it tries to be realistic and military- so its not the FarCry Rambo experience type of game which in my opinion is very nice since stealthing a base like sam fisher sure is more fun than just rushing in, killing everybody oneshot.You like SplinterCell and FarCry? Combine it TADAA GhostRecon Wildlands. Also I lied the review wasnt short gnarf.(pls just ignore the Cancer vehicle handling, we all know its still sh*t)"
,Recommended,460930,33267981,Posted: 5 July,all,zivyterc,"My rating for GR Wildlands would be 7/10.Summary: I like this game, but it could be made much better by fixing some basic issues. If you enjoyed Far cry 4, you might like Wildlands too.I enjoy this game a lot and consider it a nice filler between Far cry 4 and FC5, but it has so many flaws, e.g.: You basically MUST play stealthily (which I enjoy) because once you're detected, the game becomes 2000% more difficult. AI will magically know your location and try to get you there - but you can evade and watch them blunder, looking for you. There will be a constant stream of spawned reinforcements and helicopters, especially when army (Unidad) is involved. I once took a stand and destroyed maybe 50 helicopters and armored cars in one place just for the fun of it - and to test sniper rifles and LMGs. If you prefer guns blazing approach, you might be overwhelmed pretty soon. But even when you attack from complete stealth by indirect mortar fire the AI will immediately know your position and come for you.Other weak points: helicopter flying is horrible, the devs probably never seen helo in flight or have any idea how it really works. Also helo is just marginally faster than a car on the road... rly? If you try to fly faster by holding Shift W as the game hint suggests, the helo will tip the nose down as it should but instead of flying quickly horizontally, it will streak to the ground. Cars are fishtailing all over the road like there was soap spilled everywhere. AI civilians are completely stupid and oblivious - when a rebel 1m next to you catches bullet in the face, what do you do? Stand there like nothing happened, of course. Local rebels are useless and mostly getting in your way. The trophy guns are mostly crap, even though they each have a ""personality""."
,Recommended,460930,30497938,Posted: 13 March,all,HighblissROU,"Runs very well on very high settings with medium textures on my mid-end PC, run into no major performance issues, game looks above average even given the relatively low quality textures. Gameplay is very fun, I've always enjoyed the Tom Clancy series, no matter if it was Splinter Cell, Rainbow Six, Ghost Recon, or what have you. All in all would recommend thus far."
76561198005143524,Recommended,460930,30532311,Posted: 15 March,all,[Panda]JD,Incerdible game!
76561197970728128,Recommended,460930,31230323,Posted: 18 April,all,#GLOCK-23,"a well made open world milatary shooter , One of the best open world games i have played in a long long time, i would have to say one of the best."
,Recommended,460930,30390197,Posted: 8 March,all,Cedjoe,Fun game to play in coop but the vehicle handling is weird :/
,Recommended,460930,30389985,Posted: 8 March,all,TRΞMΛN,"Good stuff...Not sure i'd call it a Ghost Recon game, but it's very good"
76561198026903279,Recommended,460930,30620606,Posted: 19 March,all,Pnonante,I killed more Lama than Cartel and Unidad
76561197966902999,Not Recommended,460930,33025067,Posted: 29 June,all,D--A--D--D--Y--L-A-W-->,"Very sad, it wouldnt even launch. Bought it, tried to install it several times followed all the recommendations, zip.Finally, I gave up and returned it. Very very disappointed, the original GR was one of my most favorite games ever!"
76561198122599840,Recommended,460930,30471665,Posted: 12 March,all,Vondragon,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Wildlands...The reviews of this title are clear enough, just make a summary to give my opinion:Gta 5 + Far Cry 4 + The Division.The game looks like a mix of these games, BUT not mean it's a masterpiece.The Bugs and Glitches are there and the general AI is not exactly the best, but still ... the game was released less than a week so there will be plenty of time to improve these aspects.Do not expect just one game ""In the Ghost Recon Series"" because it is different from others to which we were accustomed to, but leaving out these aspects, definitely recommend buying.It's worth it for 60$?It always depends on what kind of experience you searchingAction?Tactics?Co-Op?Huge world to explore?Then this game could be for you."
76561198136250152,Recommended,460930,30499993,Posted: 13 March,all,Joshua Michalec - 450,"Best Game Ever, Frames, graphics, story, all just amazing 11/10 Stars !!"
,Not Recommended,460930,32857939,Posted: 27 June,all,RedSeCToR,"crashing every 20-40min. and every time it crash, it restarts pc.gtx980ti (latest geforce drivers)asus x-99 deluxeII (latest firmware)intel 5960x (no overclock)corsair 64gb ddr4 2400windows 10 pro (with latest updates)unable to play I want refund."
76561197992036691,Not Recommended,460930,33447529,Posted: 10 July,all,Jag Scorpion,"Could not play, game froze while loading every time"
,Recommended,460930,34986052,Posted: 15 September,all,[MUF] Plutt Bug,I agree with many that it does get fairly repetitive after completing much of the map. I can't complain too much when there are other grinding games out there. Tier 1 mode doesn't add too much to the game except make it much harder for me lol.. Will wait to see how the PVP mode develops.
76561198079214752,Recommended,460930,35114623,Posted: 21 September,all,LordChikn,"It is a great game, I enjoyed it however I do recommend Co-Op! Playing Solo with bots can make things a whole lot easier however with friends you can actually have a very slight more of a challenge and I mean, when aren't games fun with friends?"
76561197992076814,Not Recommended,460930,30782877,Posted: 27 March,all,Turd Cook,"Well it was fun. Got about 18 hours in when it stopped working. I've tried all of the suggested ""fixes"" but nothing seems to work. The game wont launch and there are no error messages. will update this if it ever works again. Not holding my beath though since i havent been able to play for about 2 weeks."
,Not Recommended,460930,33828257,Posted: 27 July,all,Gilzy,Graphics pretty much look likeheaven[/strike♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198096329514,Not Recommended,460930,34745718,Posted: 4 September,all,Centric,Honestly just go play GTA V heists for the same game. But I enjoyed this game for the good 2 weeks I played it. Kinda expensive.
,Recommended,460930,30380535,Posted: 7 March,all,BALD EAGLE,"I'm always found of military action especially when it comes to special forces. This is exactly all I needed. Stealth , Team work. A true depcition of Ghost. Outstanding story,  graphics and gameplay.100/100 I'll liedown with my mates on 10,000 feet mountain and snipe the ♥♥♥♥ out of the enemy and disappear!"
,Not Recommended,460930,32492519,Posted: 16 June,all,klaksii,"Bad, don't spend a single peso."
,Recommended,460930,30508238,Posted: 14 March,all,Vortex070,"You get to kill mexican narcos in Bolivia, drive any vehicle available in the game as well as shoot every gun. 10/10."
,Recommended,460930,34728983,Posted: 3 September,all,Lil Jim,"It's really a fun game if you have 3 other friends that play it. The AI can be really dumb, and the game isn't very well optimised (what did I expect from ubisoft though), but once you get into it, the missions are pretty fun. Especially because they added a bunch of new stuff in the last few updates, it adds in way more replayablity."
76561198213720083,Recommended,460930,32548870,Posted: 18 June,all,darkmtkok,Fun coop'
,Recommended,460930,30369245,Posted: 7 March,all,Cmdo.Delta,"Update Sept 30th, 2017I just replayed the game after few months of break to gladly see they added new system of rank and something to do with ressources. In short: a reason to keep you playing the game when you're done. GGUbi!GORIGINAL REVIEWSHORTPros:- graphics- coop- pvp- stealth- length/replayability- customization- Ghost Network (website) and GRWHQ (Android/IOS app)Cons- performance- AI- cover systemNeutral- vehicles- mapLONGPros - Graphics:They are fairly nice. Water reflection is pretty nice. It reminds me of The Division but instead of snow, it's mud. Vegetation is moving along with your character. On Ultra, it must be beautiful but graphics can be lowered up alot so older computers can run it quite fine.|VSCons - Performance:The game is looking good but could use some optimization. Some people with high end PCs still have trouble running it on ultra with stable FPS which doesn't make sense. While still waiting on Nvidia drivers, Ubisoft will have work to do aswell.Pros - Coop + PvP:Game offers PvE throught a nice coop game where you can do the entire story, the side missions and the coming community missions along with friends. 2 expansions will be released, both PvE content. First one will add content to the story while the other will be a kind of ""survival"" escape (like the Survival mod of The Division). The PvP update (yet to come) will be free for everyone. We don't have much details about it for now.|VSCons - AI:The game is entirely playable solo. So people without friends wont be left behind. This said, AI is terribly dumb (both friends and foes). They will make you die often due to their incapacity of hiding properly. They'll often run in middle of the enemies taunting them all right at you. They are not following commands very effectively and can bring lot of frustration. Sometime, you'll just prefer to make them guard a rock further from the objective to not have to carry those heavy dumb bots.Pros - stealth:The game handles pretty well the stealth system. Noise is an important thing to consider. Missing a shot can also indicate your position. If you hide properly while trying to escape a hunt, enemies will patrol the area to find you. After some time, if you are well hidden, they'll leave you alone. You can also attack at night for most dangerous missions. The shadow will help you alot. And indeed, the vegetation will be your friend many many times.|VSCons - cover system:Cover system should help you but in fact, most of time you'll want to rage at it. It looks a bit like The Division cover system but with a worse design. For people who played The Division, you'll probably hear yourself asking why they didn't just kept exactly the same cover system as The Dvision because this one was almost perfect, especially for an infiltration game. Fail Ubisoft!Pros - length/replayability + customization + Ghost Network (website) and GRWHQ (Android/IOS app):I paired all those 3 together because they have the same goal: make you play alot.. and more.. and just some more. And even making you to want some more.the lengthof the game seems interesting. A main story, dozen of side quests, 21 provinces to explore, alot of lootables.. and one expansion coming aimed at increasing the story length. What else could we ask? As forreplayability, Ubisoft designed many path to achieve this: PvP (if well designed, can lead players to sink hundred of hours in the game), one PvE expansion that will look like a survival escape (if both crash and rally points are random, it'll make this mode replayability be extremly huge) and daily/monthly/community missions (there is a calendar on theghostreconnetwork.com). Add to this thecustomizationthat will allow you to unlock/upgrade weapons and dozens of gadgets.. The skill tree is just long enough to have some work to do without becoming a grind fest like The Division was. And even if all those weapons/accessories/items are fun, the game is still well playable without them. More casual players can still enjoy the game really much without feeling that they are left behind by warrior gamers that unlocked everything quikcly. And the character customization is better than The Division. Alsoa website(ghostreconnetwork.com)and an app (Ghost Recon Wildlands HQ)were designed to bring the game further. The website will let you manage your squad, find for teammates, get information on the community events. The app will let you synchronize your game bringing a realtime map and a little guerilla game that will bring you supplies that you'll be able to transfer in the game to help your ghost. Those 2 tools could increase game replayability and vartiey, two aspects of games that are really important to keep people playing.Pros - Vehicles:Why are vehicles neutral? Positive about vehicles is the huge variety of them. You can drive cars, trucks, boats, planes, helicopters, armored vehicles, buggies, motorbikes... They only need to add horses at this point! LOL. They are well designed also. Some are looking just great and the sounds while driving are nice.|VSCons - Vehicles:Handling... The handling is not really good but never as bad as the handling in Just Cause 3. With some practice, you can manage to do something with most vehicles. |VSNeutral - Realism:In term of realism, the damage of vehicles is highly unrealistic. You can't even explode a car throwing it off a cliff. Why? It's a bit disapointing. At same time, MY GUESS is that since the map is huge, they expected players to do alot of off road... with realistic damage, we wouldn't have drove really far without exploding the car. Maybe it would have been too frustrating for players to have real/sensitive explosions like in Just Cause 3? Who knows.Pros - map:Map is vast! 21 provinces to explore and a huge variety of ecosystems... what else to ask? So much exploration and fun to get out of this! What attracted me alot, considering I was tired of Just Cause 3 (GRW reminds me alot of JC3 because many aspects look alike) was the huge amount of variety in ecosystems. I was so disapointed to find out that the 3 islands in Just Cause 3 had exactly the same boring landscapes. At least, you can expect variety from GRW. If you travel enough, you'll see different biomes. it'll look new and refreshing when you just sinked 50h in the other province and are tired of its looking.|VSCons - map:Huge. EXTREMLY huge.. yes... but what for? Most of games bragging for the biggest map offer an empty boring world. Why making the biggest map ever if it's to fill it with emptiness? It's probably my biggest disapointement. When you take time to develop such a good map, aren't you interested that the players get something to explore? Easter eggs, hidden things? No? Well I'm. Most people will just drive as fast as possible between 2 points of interest (if they just dont fast travel instead). Traveling in the map then becomes a task, no a positive aspect. Even with flying vehicles, it can be long and boring. I prefer the smaller but highly detailed map of The Division to this. At least, variety of ecosystems will save a bit from the disapointment. But how much and how long? By far my biggest disapointment bug I was expecting it so... nothing new here!Overall, pros and cons considered, I believe this game is good from its release day. Usually, I consider Ubisoft games unfinished on release day (NOT bad.. unfinished). And usually, content arrives few months later. Well for once, with GRW, the game looks better than unfinished. There are bug fix required as every game, but the content is there. And the coming content will just make it better and better. Thumbs up, if only all Ubisoft games could be handled like this one."
76561198096469769,Not Recommended,460930,35328469,Posted: 30 September,all,初七,"Beautiful Scenery , Ordinary Story , Nice Sense Of Blow , with Automatic aiming plug-in Enemy (They can even seen you when you hide back of the house and if your ailes AI hit them , they will aim you instead of your ailes AI  ) and Stuipd Ailes AI ! How useless that Ailes AI even can't cover your Soldier! They even don't shoot when the Enemy pass through in front of thier eyes , and sometimes your target will be killed even by the accidental passing by Rebel forces . The Bonus Target maybe too foolish , it always limit your action so you can only use single way to finish it ."
,Recommended,460930,30506627,Posted: 14 March,all,Krisc,"I've been a long time fan of Ghost Recon, all the way back to the original. I feel like this one is the true successor to Island Thunder, bringing the game up to what gamers expect in 2017 while maintaining a lot of the original feel.Open world games are often annoying in that they allow you to go anywhere, but pigeonhole you into doing missions a certain way. Elder Scrolls is a great example of this (though a good game in so many other ways). Ghost Recon Wildlands is different in that it is the first game where I feel the complete freedom to accomplish a task in the way that I choose. Quiet and silent, or going in guns blazing. Drop in with a parachute, climb over a wall, or break down the front gate... or all three at the same time!This makes the game inherently replayable compared to others in the genre, because each mission is actually different every time you play. And then we can't forget about the times when our friends jump on and screw up our idea of a successful mission (usually by grabbing a mounted gun and blasting all the cars to pieces). This makes me excited for DLC, but also means I don't mind replaying existing content in a new/different way.There are bugs, of course, but nothing that crashes the game. Apparently that's becoming more rare, so I feel it's worth mentioning here. And there could be improvements like better flight controls (take Battlefield 4's controls!), more weapons, and better animations, but that is true of every game. There is always something to be made better. Overall this game feels much more polished than what I was expecting, and really a great deal of fun solo or coop. Definitely would buy again."
76561198090710667,Recommended,460930,30506373,Posted: 14 March,all,MountaindewM,I will try to keep this short.This game is slightly repetitive but any open world game is if you go to collect everything.  The difficulty seems about right for normal and the AI you have to be semi active with to get them to be useful otherwise they won't help you to much.  Co-Op works great and is fun and had no problems with latency issues.I am probably not even close to being 100% since the game is lots of fun if you like sneaking around.  Leveling up isn't super fast so it feels like you have to work for it.  I haven't tried to power level or attempt to gain xp super fast so not sure if there are anyways to do that.  The skill system is interesting and how you put points into them are a nice feature since you have to find skill points and resources to spend to unlock the perks.I would have to say there isn't to much to complain about and there is quite a bit that impresses me about this game.  It definitely isn't game of the year by any means but I find it's worth the $59.99 price tag since I think most should at least play it 30 hours.Bad news here.  I have had 1 crash so far which can happen with any game.  I don't have any problems with stuttering or freezing issues.  Your AI is horrible if you aren't active with them so don't hate on them if you don't tell them to shoot or fire they really won't do it unless absolutely necessary and when they do they tend to be timid about it.  If you set them to shoot they seem to be much more active about it.
,Recommended,460930,30515126,Posted: 14 March,all,Rocket,"""Where do you want to go?""""I don't know man, I am just here to kill people""""Let's just go shoot up the Unidad then""The coop makes this game the best. Shooting up bases in four player how you want is awesome.I am certain they are going to mess up pvp with some kind of MMO class system.The game is awesome though."
,Recommended,460930,30451637,Posted: 11 March,all,Renshaw,"NOTE: Do NOT buy the season pass or Narco Road DLC. Fallen Ghosts is good, purchase this DLC separately.-------------------------------------------My review for the base game:-------------------------------------------Having finished the game, I must say the story was great.That's saying a lot for a Ubisoft game. Hah! The last two Ubisoft games I played were Farcry 3 and 4. Both games left me angry and annoyed with their story writers.The only complaint that I have which is the same complaint I have with every other Ubisoft game is that the antagonist doesn't play a big enough role. Sure we see El Sueño in the cut scenes and hear about him, but he plays a very small role in the actual gameplay.The gameplay itself is repetitive, it's true. However, switching between singleplayer and online co-op kept it fresh for me. I could tackle missions the way I wanted offline, and then go online to see what crazy unpredictable nonsense other players would get up to.I would have liked to see more interior battles, though. Most of the game takes place outdoors, which makes sense for the setting, but still...some variety would have been nice. I really enjoyed the moments where I would battle it out in the mines or inside bigger buildings.I would recommend this game for its polish. There is a lot of detail put into this world and if Bolivia is anything like the game, I would really love to travel there someday. Such a beautiful country!Summary: Wildlands has a good story and you can play online co-op to prevent the game from becoming too repetitive. It's good!"
76561197966203934,Recommended,460930,30515321,Posted: 14 March,all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"Not the finished game one would hope for but my friend and me have alot of fun doing missions and invade bases as a duo with diffrent taktics. <3 Explosive drone.This steel plate bug is annoying its just an spezial location /bulding but its totaly unfair when enemys can spot you thrue steel plates and shot thrue with 100% accuray. its like XRAY Vision, and super bullets, cuz i cant shoot them, but they can shoot me. ( cant see them with termal vision  so that cant be it)"
76561198055837109,Recommended,460930,30369165,Posted: 7 March,all,ThroneX,Bad and boring.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7sHc_N30Ng
,Not Recommended,460930,30390212,Posted: 8 March,all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","There was a time when I recommended this game. Walking through Bolivia, no fast travelling (a personal rule of mine), doing missions on no HUD+Ghost with a buddy was a blast. I got a little over a hundred hours out of it, so I feel can't truly say that I didn't get my money's worth. That being said, the way me and my friends play this game is extremely slowly and methodically, and I feel that most people would not enjoy this base gameplay provided. There really isn't much to do other than the missions, and once those are done the game is just a vast bore. I'll admit, once we beat it, me and my friend both uninstalled it to free up space since we both knew we'd never play it again. I don't recommend it, since I'm not a fan of Ubi's new fire-and-forget strategy when it comes to games and I'm sure they aren't going to put much effort into breathing life back into this game, just like The Division."
,Recommended,460930,30433934,Posted: 10 March,all,Mountain Dew,Totaly wurth it
76561198076577747,Recommended,460930,30584836,Posted: 17 March,all,~E,I can throw rocks faster than the bullets!
76561198127444974,Not Recommended,460930,35505450,Posted: 5 October,all,SeekNDstroy,"DONT BUY THIS GAME!Anytime i try to complete a convoy raid, the trucks drive away and i gotta chase them down while being chased by unidad and santa blanca. Some missions are near impossible because i cant extract the person due to my car or helicopter blowing up every single time. Helicopters spots you easily and its impossible to sneak up on a unidad base because of the helicopters."
76561198017827975,Recommended,460930,33556013,Posted: 15 July,all,Gopnik Boss,"After reading several negative reviews, I have to say it feels the game is not treated too fairly.Game side:Sure, it has it's downsides, the AI is sometimes blind or contrary has magic detection skills, the weapon and mod selection feels very cosmetic, same as selection of vehicles, and the character customization can still use a little more variety, but...The thing to know before buying this game is that you are not buying a serious military simulator. It is an epic-arcade war game. Knowing this, and having no other expectation, I found this game a great fun in both coop multiplayer and single player. Especially when I figured I can turn off the enemy position indicator clouds on the minimap within the HUD settings. The game stopped being easy and repepetitive, and gained so much more atmosphere and tactical element.Technical side:The game has one major issue: Unstable connection. It is not as frequent to make it unplayable, but frequent enough to be sort of annoying. That said, I do hope the developers will work on this as it is the most game breaking element (some random minor bugs present too, but nothing to get all crazy about)The plus side is, the game is just graphically well done. The feeling of a country that is huge (and it is huge) and varied is ever present. Get a helicopter (which however handles like♥♥♥♥♥♥, fly up high and look at the night landscape with all the lights lit up. Nothing short of beautiful. And good framerate too, even on my obsolete machine.The final evaluation:The game still needs some fixes, but it is already fun. I written a lot of negative, but most importantly I am ACTUALLY HAVING FUN PLAYING IT, so I shall recommend this one. And if uncertain? It will certainly pay it's worth on some discount steam event. Keep it booked for that time ;)"
76561198122162406,Recommended,460930,33683161,Posted: 20 July,all,Alfie.Allen,"I'm going to put it short.It's a great game but if you're not prepared to raid, kill and repeator you are looking for story depth.I dont think you will enjoy it this game."
,Recommended,460930,33813843,Posted: 26 July,all,Ikaruga,"No bull$hit. I am having incredible amounts of fun with this game. It's honestly a really well-made game with amazing levels of detail and fun gameplay. And i've just been playing single-player campaign. I can't imagine the fun shenanigans to be had with online coop. I'm glad I ended up getting it, since I was almost persuaded not to by all the negative reviews. In response to those negative reviews, I really think they are nitpicking quite a bit. The overall enjoyment factor of this game is very high, with a few minor things here and there that don't detract from the overall experience. I also don't normally write reviews, so that's a testament to this game."
,Recommended,460930,34384216,Posted: 20 August,all,SlimySalesman,COMMENCE A LA ATTACKE
76561198189687798,Recommended,460930,34562778,Posted: 28 August,all,Mr. Chopsticks,Who would have thought driving boats into your friends was the most fun thing in this game?
,Recommended,460930,34622920,Posted: 30 August,all,Valenar Silverwing,"Good game, the co-op is great, the story is good full of drug war's cliches, the characters are totally forgetable and the weapon customization is awesome, if you are thinking on geting it wait for a sale it's still expensive"
,Recommended,460930,33568180,Posted: 15 July,all,TxXDRAGONXxT,kinnda good
,Recommended,460930,33888138,Posted: 29 July,all,TINKY WINKY,"A really great concept. I love the gameplay this game has to offer. The graphics on this game are also outstanding. If you are debating on purchasing this game I think you will have a wonderful time. Now people like to say the AI Is garbage, I can disagree against that. The only one thing I could say is bad about the game is the way the cars move. Other than that the game is outstanding, and I recommend it."
76561198144711098,Recommended,460930,34312543,Posted: 17 August,all,᠌ ᠌Doge,great!
,Recommended,460930,34763259,Posted: 5 September,all,LewHall,"7/10. Good 50 hours of entertainment, but that is it, after that is becomes way too repetitive."
76561198288852946,Recommended,460930,33570305,Posted: 15 July,all,InsecureDrip4,"This, for me personally, is one of Tom Clancy’s better games compared to The Division. It has a very lengthy story that is not the best I’ve seen, but for the most part is pretty good. Multiplayer seems good, but I haven’t played lots of it. There is one slight drawback, it’s that the game gets pretty repetitive after about 25 hours or so, but it is an all in all pretty good game. I would give it a 7/10."
,Recommended,460930,33599166,Posted: 16 July,all,Defalt.exe,must play!!
76561198386804163,Recommended,460930,33600515,Posted: 16 July,all,etnies_35,"love the game was playing the old ghost recons wishing they made a new one then seen the advvert for this. wish granted. bought it for xbox and pc. It does get a bit repeditive but what do you expect from a massive open world. lots of guns and weapon and player customizations. The one downside is the store, ubisoft is getting soo greedy selling costumes and packs at extra prices. can buy the game twice buying everything in the game. shame on them. but great game anyway"
,Recommended,460930,33848294,Posted: 27 July,all,Lebby26(csgoroll.com),Absolutely love the game wish it was more optimized for a 680 but what can you do!
76561198169851866,Recommended,460930,34309481,Posted: 17 August,all,✪ Smarmyodin791,...
76561198177111351,Recommended,460930,34311172,Posted: 17 August,all,Sweper12345,it is a amazing game but only with others like friends
,Recommended,460930,34784424,Posted: 6 September,all,cmurd25 ▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一,good game
,Recommended,460930,34994013,Posted: 16 September,all,HollyWood14181,"One of the best Ghost Recon games I have ever played! Freely roam in this big world with no loading screen, amazing graphics, do the mission your way, go loud or stealth, and play solo with your AI teammates or co-op with your friends. Great character customizations and weapon customizations. The best way to enjoy this game the most, is to play this game on extreme difficulty with Tier mode unlocked. Stealth will then become more sweet than ever, and more realistic."
,Recommended,460930,35018200,Posted: 17 September,all,[12oG] Zodeack300,"Its great, I've only got one problem with it, render distance. how am I supposed to get a mad♥♥♥♥♥longest shot stat when even at max draw distance the enemies disappear past 700 meters..."
,Recommended,460930,30418040,Posted: 9 March,all,limp brained moran,Very fun co op game
,Recommended,460930,34310475,Posted: 17 August,all,Z0NTA,Awesome gameplay awesome graphics
,Recommended,460930,34318151,Posted: 17 August,all,SpiffyMarc,"Very fun tactical shooter with seamless co-op. Don't pick it up if you want single player, because the SP is boring. Bring at least one friend and it's a hoot."
76561197984504333,Recommended,460930,32237302,Posted: 7 June,all,Classic Schmosby,"Good story, fun with friends."
76561198243755406,Recommended,460930,32237723,Posted: 7 June,all,cheeseballs125,This is the best game I have ever played by far. The story is awesome and the graphics are great. The shooter and open world go perfectly together. It has it's glitches but still very worth it.
76561197999122653,Recommended,460930,33694621,Posted: 21 July,all,dosformat,Its a good game and has its fun moments but playing lone wolf can be a little repetitive.If you play in co-op mode this is where this game comes to life. The challenge of working with new peoplewhile trying to stealth your way through to an enemy base can be challenging and rewarding.Nice to hear people talking and communicating in this game as many pc games and console games have a voip feature yet no one seams to use it. I remember back in the day when people where always on there mics helping other players and just having a laugh. Something sadly lacking in new games but this is a good game and well worth a play.
76561198061026022,Recommended,460930,34786269,Posted: 6 September,all,Finkenator,Great Fun Game. Pushes systems hard but not a deal breaker
76561198013589133,Recommended,460930,35459198,Posted: 3 October,all,Newo,"Super fun game - lots of great quests, lots of weapons and customization. The vehicles are fun to drive, and the night time raiding never gets old.  Highly recommend!"
76561198160362066,Recommended,460930,33619807,Posted: 17 July,all,{Ret.} Gren. Nathan {914.GR}[1],"I love this game,my pc is pretty damn ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for a gaming pc a gtx 710ti an AMD X4 620 quad core (2.6 ghz) and this game still runs really well on medium so anyone who is worried about graphics,dont be!"
76561198257588692,Recommended,460930,33698431,Posted: 21 July,all,Reaver,"The update that has rolled out today July/21/2017 was not ready for consumer release. Granted I have only played on one server, but chasing down an invisible medic supply vehicle is not easy, let alone being bulletproof. I spawn with night vision or thermal vison on and can be a nusiance. Helicopter controls are an improvement but given im running light boost the frame rates and updates that have been released has left the game in a worse enviroment. I ask that the developers please release a patch asap, Im sure projects are going on and dev team is and will be busy but compared to intial release screen teraring and glitches seem to be a problem with this patch. Great game just needs somes touch ups. Thank you and to anyone who enjoys teamplay with a more realistic mechancic experiance I would recomend this game and hope to see you in Santa Blacna. P.S just thought of this if dev team brings p2p experiance the idea of factions with player vs player action would be op. Military style GTA."
,Recommended,460930,34262786,Posted: 15 August,all,#Chomusuke desu wa ツ,"About 100+ bugs found.""Thanks Ubi""6/10"
,Recommended,460930,34340838,Posted: 18 August,all,EL_dilzsterino,i just recently bought this game and have had a whale of a time
,Recommended,460930,35078057,Posted: 19 September,all,KILLINGER,Best game for me !
76561198010148010,Recommended,460930,30418218,Posted: 9 March,all,PalletJackNinja,"Having a blast. Truely Ghost Recon has come back from the dead with a vengence. Gigantic world, tight responsive controls, fun mission structure and a smart compelling story. 9/10."
76561198141857566,Recommended,460930,35430925,Posted: 2 October,all,Television,"Annoyin as hell, but still fun as hell."
76561198119124703,Recommended,460930,31712403,Posted: 12 May,all,Cow-Lord,This game is great with friends but not so much solo.
,Recommended,460930,33850435,Posted: 28 July,all,allmighty1066,whoo
76561198315666890,Recommended,460930,33608661,Posted: 17 July,all,Faith,"Great game  , The game is lovely i like it the only thing i dont like about Ubisoft games is region lock and what they are doing with old franchises . i thought Ubisoft Is different from EA , but Ubisoft is turning into EA  Great franchises Being Ruined by wrong Choices... ubisoft has been making alot of wrong choices . i  cant understand why though ,maybe it's economical issues or something but i hope ubisoft doesnt turn into EA ! Any way what i think is that Creating an open world out of ghost recon wasnt a bad idea , i love the game  , i wish i could say the same stuff about other games  ."
,Recommended,460930,33814317,Posted: 26 July,all,COSMIC,Best Ghost Recon i have played! (I played Ghost Recon Phantom pls bring it back Ubisoft) I love how the story works and the process of the missions and assignment to the missions. [Spoiler Altert] I love how there are two endings.... Amazing job! I would recommend this 110%
,Recommended,460930,31708942,Posted: 12 May,all,NIGHTHAWK,Games amazing but one life I don't think is enough for some people
,Recommended,460930,33711846,Posted: 21 July,all,//,If YOU ARE OPERATOR AS ♥♥♥♥ AND YOU HAVE AN M16 BODY PILLOW:this game is for you.gunz r kewl
76561198004819278,Recommended,460930,30409930,Posted: 9 March,all,GiovaTheGiant,Awesome open world game best in coop play enjoing your time playing
76561197967395515,Not Recommended,460930,30443273,Posted: 11 March,all,C6R,"Here I was hoping they'd improved the Ghost Recon series.... but they haven't.  I loved the original Ghost Recon.  That is an actual tactical game.  It took thought, team management, and actual small unit tactics.  It was a masterpiece.  Then it just went all kinds of downhill while they progressively dumbed the series down to accommodate consoles.  This abortion is a Just Cause/Grand Theft Auto clone.  Call it Grand Cause Recon.  That is how far the series has fallen.Tactics?  This ain't got none.  You have 3 other ""Ghosts"" with you, as opposed to the max of 6 you had in the original in mission (and a pool of dozens out of mission).  You can't control any of them directly, or do any form of task organization at all, so you're dependent on the AI, which is garbage.  Your entire palette of orders are stay, go, regroup, and shoot, but don't expect them to be good at any of them.  My team members failed at regrouping, so a more complex order like ""stand here and pull security?""  Forget it.  Its not happening.  They carefully created a dozen and a half colors and styles for each article of clothing and accessory that your character could possibly carry so you make him or her look as awesome as you want, but do something as basic as assign a sector of fire?  Not happening.  Its all form over function, and your ""teammates"" are more there for flavor and color commentary than to make any significant contribution to the actual game play.  Any ""tactical"" game that literally has magnitudes more choices for footwear than tactical options should not be calling itself a tactical game.Gameplay is largely based around a magic spell system.  What you get to make up for the complete lack of small unit tactics in the game are arcadey garbage ""skills"" like this magic multishot thing that requires no actual maneuver.. or fields of fire... or even a realistic chance of it actually working.  It just happens, even if the shots have to go through walls, trees, vehicles... the earth... whatever.  Its Magic Missile, but with guns; everything hits automagically.  There is a lot of stuff like that in this game under the facade of ""tactics.""  Want IDF?  Sure, they have IDF.  You just magic a mortar into existence no matter where you are and then suffer a cooldown timer.  On that note, add WoW to the list of games that this is more like than anything tactical.  ""My Level 5 Ranger casts 'Rebel Distraction!'  Ok, now wait 2 minutes to cast again.""  Its stupid.Supposedly, its better playing co-op... but I don't play multiplayer games.  Not with random people.  I will only play with close friends of mine and not many of them have this and even less are able to play at the same time, so that leaves me working with the AI.  Regardless, PRS got it on the money when their reviewer said that this game ""uses your own friends as a crutch.""  The Co-op might be great, but if all you have in the absence of co-op is crappy game, then that is what it is: a crappy game.My recommendation is to forget this.  The only game in this entire series worth playing is the original and expansions (Island Thunder, Desert Siege, Jungle Storm) on PC.  Thankfully, compared to this, its cheap on Steam."
,Recommended,460930,30419860,Posted: 9 March,all,AlternaL`,8/10.
,Not Recommended,460930,30378315,Posted: 7 March,all,PICKLE RICKKKKK,16Gb of rami5-6600gtx 1070Can't even run low settings on 60fpsDon't buy until its fixed.
,Recommended,460930,30368610,Posted: 6 March,all,Toxic,"My friend and I decided to ride our chopper to this giant snow mountain that we saw from very far away. We landed at the top and the first thing I said was, ""I've never seen this in a video game."" It was actually so gorgeous being so high up looking over what seemed liked endless mountains. Loving this game so damn much already."
76561198243384160,Not Recommended,460930,31421539,Posted: 28 April,all,Şiyar,boring after a while
,Recommended,460930,30373926,Posted: 7 March,all,s7ahL-VM,"+Large and diverse landscapes,very good view in some provinces(I actually want to go to Bolivia on vacation after playing this game)+Many weapons+Use mortar to hunt llamas+AI's bad jokes-Literally no story.-U can't directly snipe someone over 600yards,u must go within 500yards and spot/mark him and go back away at a u-want distance and shoot him-No real hard missions,yea,there are some ♥♥♥♥ed-up annoying mission requires u proctecting some vulnerable NPC that drives like a ♥♥♥♥in' moron.-Some annoying bugs-terrible drive experience-unfinished skill system.-US government propagandanot recommanded for FPS gamer.recommanded for people want to chill out with friends."
76561198010886415,Not Recommended,460930,34440060,Posted: 23 August,all,Necabo,"Bag gameplay, bad lag and FPS, Wish it was good."
76561198271811350,Not Recommended,460930,35003802,Posted: 16 September,all,energyeclipse,"May this game forever go down on the great list of failed games.You see,the potential, the potential was just insane.But was any of it seen by the developers?Nope.Just don't buy it. You will have fun for maybe 40 hours and give in to its repetative nature for every single mission, notice that the only reason the map is so large was to compensate as an excuse for the laughable graphical qualities.I play this game at 1440p with every single graphical setting maxed out, so yes full AA ect, with no motion blur and DoF, and it looks like a washed out potato sack. With a color scheme about as good as looking at a bin for an hour.Just don't goddam buy it. If you like Ubisoft games, and and get Watch Dogs 2 or Assasin's Creed Black Flag, as they will blow your socks off weres in this you'll just laugh at it.Just no.Why does this game exist.About as much potential as the divison but never granted"
76561198080518399,Not Recommended,460930,30466296,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr.Unhappy,"I REPEAT DO NOT BUY THIS GAME DO NOT BUY , THIS IS A TOTALLY A PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!This game AI sucks terribly even  my mom play betterThe game driving mechanisim is toally♥♥♥♥♥♥like hell constand drifting , damn hard to control , screw ubisoft .I have a feeling that ubisoft there a adding more of there 'features' into the game (bug  and glitch) , they seems to love giving♥♥♥♥♥♥to player nowadays , the game overall story and graphic is nice but their game tech is like♥♥♥♥♥♥, sometimes i wonder who the ♥♥♥♥ is the programmer ,they maybe just found some random guy  on the street and just pull them in to do the progamming .I admit  that i was HYPE for this game but ubisoft always throw you some some♥♥♥♥♥♥by the day when it release . I don♥♥♥♥♥♥♥know why are they still making games. They release closed beta and open beta a few times and the game is still full of bugs and glitch ."
76561198079997198,Recommended,460930,30370742,Posted: 7 March,all,LogobossHD,Good Game.
,Recommended,460930,30438156,Posted: 10 March,all,Name.exe,My favorite person in this game was the radio guy10/10 would buy for radio guy
,Recommended,460930,30919654,Posted: 3 April,all,Scoop le poop,"I jerked off in the toilet the other day.But yeah, games pretty good."
,Recommended,460930,30471618,Posted: 12 March,all,❌SAS-Nimrod✅,Amazing game dosnt deserve all the hate
,Not Recommended,460930,30389360,Posted: 8 March,all,Sjcodan,"Open world shooter, with no reason to be open worldThe map, other than following the objective markers, may as well not exist, no reason to explore, ect.Plus the gameplay is nothing you haven't seen before."
,Not Recommended,460930,30480245,Posted: 12 March,all,Upana,"Stay the F away for now. Requires a connection to servers that keep crashing; they patch to break what isn't broken; and these are just the technical flaws. If I was actually able to play it, maybe I could report on other shortcomings as well."
,Not Recommended,460930,30886254,Posted: 1 April,all,White,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU DON'T HAVE FRIENDSI bought this game looking for a a good way to spend my time. I soon realized right as I joined that the single-player AI is horrible. Furthermore, after doing a few of the missions, you see that everything is repetitive. I would not play this game if it wasn't for my couple friends."
,Recommended,460930,30412849,Posted: 9 March,all,sw1ziST4R,"Great Game, Awesome gameplay and style, nice map, great story.A MUST for a GAMER"
,Not Recommended,460930,30673226,Posted: 22 March,all,One Man Apocalypse,"Hated it, worst game of ubisoft yet.Graphics look dope but that's it, nothing else good with this game.don't waste 60$ buying this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197971122727,Not Recommended,460930,30449833,Posted: 11 March,all,ReazorsEdge,"Good Things about GRW:+ Nice Landscape+ Stealth Weapon Damage and Feel (people die after a single well placed shot)+ No towers to climb (if you know Ubisoft games..)Bad Things about GRW:-  The physiks in this games are pure♥♥♥♥♥♥and kills the emersion- vehicle handling is a nightmare, combined with the bad physics a preview to gamers hell- helicopter controls, physics and gameplay is so bad, mankind needs to invent a word to describe how crap it is- plane controls are... well compared to helicopters and cars in that game sightly enjoyable... but still garbage- The AI is useless on both sides, and in generell  just an insult to the player- The mission design of the stealth missions (~70% of the game) makes you wish they build in a uninstall button in-Game (which actually would have been the BEST Feature)- the Characters... well nobody cares but still - 1 dimensional jerks is the nicest I can say about them- sadest part is that I missed the give back and dodge this crap windowAs a PC gamer it hurts on a physical level to see so much potential wasted.Sorry Ubisoft that I did not get the warning with Watch Dogs 2, but 60€ more finally hurt enough.Please invest in some good QA and game designers next time.You done better in the Past (e.g. FC4)"
76561198028081811,Not Recommended,460930,30628552,Posted: 19 March,all,George W. Kush,"It's like the division is trying to be farcry/just cause 3, but it sucks the big fat D instead.Where is my jump button?Frame rate drops all the time for no reason even going through and adjusting the visual settings (video and Graphics).Oh and the random spawn Unidad soldiers who dump a full clip into me at random is super cool as well.Next time get the farcry guys to make the game FFS.Destructoid was right  - 2.5/10"
,Recommended,460930,30534869,Posted: 15 March,all,VIKING_OF_DOOM,"This game is a game, 9/8"
76561198028501904,Not Recommended,460930,30481974,Posted: 12 March,all,HamsterSoup,"Cannot play online with friends, spent 30 minutes with Ubisoft support and the conversation ended in him basically saying ""well, I don't know what to tell you.""Can't and won't reccomend this game until multiplayer issues are fixed.Singleplayer is fun, the friendly AI isnt terriblle but it would be much more enjoyable with friends, Gameplay feels smooth aside from the random freezing. Missions do get repetitive though.UPDATE EDIT 7/8/17:Still the same, $60 thrown in the trash, GG ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,460930,30471491,Posted: 12 March,all,ErfWermJim,"Erfwerms Honest Review (Game time at writing 48 hours)Graphics 8/10- Playing on a GTX 970 and I waited to get the game until they released the nvidia patch which makes it playable. I heard some people on launch day were getting horrible graphic problems. I Can play on high right now with about 60 fps a second. There is very high and ultra after that. I can get about 20 fps on ultra. With that said, the graphics are great. I do notice some weird graphical glitches though. Sometimes the night is a lot darker than usual, and sometimes if im standing somewhere with a shadow and i crouch and move, the whole screen gets like 5 percent darker. Not a ton of difference, but enough to notice and scratch your head for a second. I still give it an 8 though for the awesome visuals.Gameplay 5/10- The game is fantastic, for the first 20 - 30 hours. After awhile, and like most people that gave this game an honest review, it gets repetative. Its literly the same thing, over and over. Find where you need to go, scope out the place with the drone or your binocculars until you have a marker over everyone you can possibly see. (Dont worry, some how your AI teammates will be able to see people indoors), and then kill people with stealth until someone triggers you and then rambo the rest of them. At least thats how it is for me. I get that you can approach the bases or quests different but its really the same thing over and over.AI 5/10- In the game, you get 3 AI teammates you get to control. Very useful. In fact, a bit too useful. Ive seen my AI teammates crouch and walk  with a gun trained on an enemy cartel member which in plain view of the enemy. I've seen my AI teammates call out or make shots even if the enemy is in a building or behind an object. Your teammates are useful but in the end, it makes things too easy.Story 3/10- I wil admit, i find it hard a lot of times to be interested in the story. With this game, I had a hard time following what was actually going on and found myself just opening the map, looking for my next objective, and attacking. Didnt really know why, just knew that was what i had to do. If the story captivated me, the gameplay might of been a bit more fun.Overall 5/10- The game looks fantastic with some minor graphical ditches. Gameplay is repetative and your AI teammates are aimbots you control with clipping abilities. The game is fun much in the same way that GTA is fun if you just want to drive around and cause some mayhem for a bit. Fun for a couple of hours at a time but in the end it just gets boring. If i had the choice, i would probably refund this game and pick up something else, and ive never refunded a game on steam before. I know i'd want to play the game a few hours later but after a day or so i know i wouldnt miss it.Thanks for reading, hope this helps someone."
,Not Recommended,460930,31228078,Posted: 18 April,all,🆈🅽🅷🆃🍆💦💦,"-Beta tested / played on share account-Its not Ghost Recon.And like the last few titles with the name of Tom Clancy. It doesnt feel inspired by the man himself (rest in peace)Ghost recon should be slow and methodical; dark and gritty. Precision was a must and what you did had to be calculated. In turn, completing a mission felt rewarding because your thinking and tactability paid off.There was no live HUD that tracked enemy position, direction, and gear. There wasnt multiple tuned weapons at your disposal that you can rip apart on the fly. You had to prepare for the situation BEFORE you went in, and your squad actually mattered becuase they could fill in the gaps of equipment that you yourself couldnt carry.-Your team meant the difference between failing and completing-Your assessment of the area before you went in meant something because the entire WORLD wouldnt pop up on your magic HUD-Your gear defined your role in the mission, you couldnt strap an SMG, LMG, and a BMG to your back with hundreds of mags of ammunition and 1-man the mission.This iteration feels cartoony. Its not a bad game. But dont market it as ghost recon.Anyways here are some +'s and -'s++++++++++++++++The graphics are top of the line beautiful, from the tops of trees to the gritty dirt, it feels real.+Animations are all mo-capped and feel fluid.+The open world is big enough to feel like you dont visit the same place twice when youre exploring (not during missions)+The cars and weapons at your disposal are abundant and fun, theres nothing overpowered or underpowered, its more about what you find interesting to use and utilizing it.+The co-op is fun if you go in expecting laughs. Definitely not a serious game by any standard.+Customization is neat. You can do up your character and weapons nicely=Basically a gorgeous looking game, with shiny guns, and lush trees with lots of options to feel unique.-----------------------------Stealth is ruined by the AI.--The AI is windowlicking stupid, deaf, and somewhat blind, but they still manage to come equipped with heat seeking eyes. If something explodes on one side of the map, they will know where you are instantly, even if your 200m out crouched in a bush. But fire a suppressed .308 Winmag 10 feet away from them and they think its a butterfly. You can crawl up to their feet and they wont notice you on the hardest settings.-Weapons are abundant but feel lackluster.--The guns look nice but FEEL terrible. Firing a weapon with nerf darts for bullets isnt engaging. You usually have to lead your bullets at 20m out. (have to aim ahead of your target 20m infront of you) Bullet drop is also greatly exaggerated. There is a very awkward recoil mechanic. The gunshots have no sound or bass to them.-The missions basically suck--The map may be giant but for whatever reason, the dynamic missions will send you to the same locations over and over again with the same objectives. Quickly, you will learn to hate 1/3rd of the map. You will ask yourself why not more of the beautiful map isnt utilized to its full potential. Very basic ""get in, kill everyone for no reason, get out"" 90% of the time.-Your squad basically sucks.--Their voices are terrible. The dialoge is terrible. You cant customize what they use or play like. They get you spotted constantly. One of the biggest complaints is that you cant even get rid of them (Literally mod requests for a ""disable squad for single player"") you will wish you could just kill them.---Be prepared for every action you do to have monologue from either your own charactor or the 3 others with you. ""Enemy spotted"" ""SMG users"" ""enemy down"" ""tango down"" ""thats one more"" x1000-No memorable charactors.--99% of the entire game is just sociopaths with nothing meaningful to say. Save yourself and just skip the VERY rare cutscenes that do come up becuase they arnt worth watching.-No in-depth combat system.--No aggro, covering rife, suppression, fear, injury, AI tactics. Enemies just feel like pins waiting to be knocked down. But at least they give you a synchronized shot mechanic??-Very repetitive. Hours of the same thing no matter how you try and play.--A lot of explosion-covered nonsense with no real depth to gameplay beyond ""im soooper stealthy"" and ""i got spotted, time to use my portable LMG with near infinite ammo to wipe out 100 men at the flip of a switch"" meanwhile everything seems to go up in fire. Gets boring after it goes on for the 50th time.-Very easy and unrewarding game even on max difficulty--No challenge, you feel like you accomplish nothing at the end of a mission.=A lackluster expirience for a fan of the series since the early 2000's.----------------------------As a game, its an arcade style 5/10.As a Tom Clancy game/story? That costs 80$? Solid 2/10Read his books and and play some of the earlier rainbow six/ghost recons and you'll come back to this frowning and disappointed."
,Not Recommended,460930,30568625,Posted: 17 March,all,ShamelessBanditGomer,"Repetitive, lack of story, bad physics. Fun for a few hours with friends. As alqays it's overhyped Ubisoft Crap."
,Not Recommended,460930,32558831,Posted: 18 June,all,Dope Meme Guy,"1060 3GB + i5-7500 = 55fps on minimum settings. I mean bare minimum. I turned on shadows, that's all. It looks and plays like crap. I don't know about it's story but it's nearly impossible to run on what I consider reasonably high specs. Turning it off of minimum results in immediate drops to low 30s and high 20s, anything higher... good luck. Still gonna try to play the game even if it looks like complete♥♥♥♥♥but this game is a piece of rushed garbage. I DO NOT recommend this game, even if you're sure you can run it. Do not support this company for this game. That's all.Edit: I have learned about the in-game benchmarking feature from a friend recently. I ran the test to find results of mid to high 50s and sometimes 60fps on very high settings only to be getting 20fps on average once I get in game. I don't know where the disconnect is but this game runs like crap."
,Recommended,460930,30378716,Posted: 7 March,all,ZiCell,"Usually Ubisoft lets russians play only russian versions of their games, but this time me gusta tanta carne Como este hombre puede  ### este vaca es peligroso decir eso amigo ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s !"
76561198169425840,Not Recommended,460930,33239892,Posted: 4 July,all,alki,boring fast
76561198179677891,Not Recommended,460930,32284022,Posted: 8 June,all,Mr. K,"What the ♥♥♥♥ is it with this game, it constantly asks me to download pop ups, won't physically open, and only displays itself in ♥♥♥♥ing RUSSIAN. FIX THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197997854823,Not Recommended,460930,30584535,Posted: 17 March,all,Triumph650,Just take the money you were going to spend on it and burn it.  Imagine a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥GTA.  The driving is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the AI is so bad i wish there was a way to kill my teammates so I could go it alone.
,Not Recommended,460930,34383194,Posted: 20 August,all,H double O D,ONE OF THE MOST ♥♥♥♥ING UNOPTIMIZED PIECES OF ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ EVER I HAVE A 1070 AND AN I76700K AND GET 30 FPS ON 1080P LOW WITHOUT VSYNC AND NO FPS LIMITS ♥♥♥♥ YOU UBISOFT ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOU ♥♥♥♥ YOUUUUUUUU
76561198140890555,Not Recommended,460930,31256522,Posted: 20 April,all,FrenchiXRainbow,Unfinished and unpolishedI really do hope that it'll be worth it s price one day
76561198134292029,Not Recommended,460930,30389790,Posted: 8 March,all,boosted animal csgoroll.com,"well, the game wont even start, so that is a pretty big downside. Cant judge the rest lol"
76561198062258198,Not Recommended,460930,31248302,Posted: 19 April,all,NoPriorities,So many bugs
76561198333963358,Not Recommended,460930,30441892,Posted: 11 March,all,DiggityWiggityWaaa,"This game was highly anticipated for me and a little bit of a let down as its not polished. The game has great graphics, pretty fluid play with very little bugs, open world with lots to do and it's huge. But the bad side of this game is for solo play the commands to the team are extremley limited you cant break them up to flank etc, they are very dumb AI to work with. The game is very repetitive doing the same things over, if you load your game all enemies and bases respawn, calling for vehicle drop off it just magically appears rather then say a rebel drop it off. The list goes on for a game trying to be realisitc it just feels like a let down overall."
76561198111676151,Not Recommended,460930,30800460,Posted: 28 March,all,Pharoah Intel,"After spending a good 15 or so hours playing this game I realized two things. Ubisoft keeps putting out the most broken piles of complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥every year and I always forgive them and hope that ""This is the one that will actually be good"". And with Watch_Dogs 2 and Rainbow Six Siege I was right. But then they release this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Here's to hoping they patch the ♥♥♥♥ outta this game.  I honestly want them to do good and I want them to release good games. Yet also because of this game I have to probably reset my computer because none of my games work but this one  ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME AND ♥♥♥♥ UBISOFT!"
76561198061376160,Not Recommended,460930,31262187,Posted: 20 April,all,Unholysinz,nvidia support but no AMD looks really choppy even on ultra settings and the FPS is like 25
,Not Recommended,460930,30804693,Posted: 28 March,all,KiGrind7,"Another hyped up AAA title with trailer footage that was significantly better than the real game, a $60 price tag, typical Ubisoft quality (Bugs, glitchs, etc), and shallow gameplay.  There are early access games that I've spent more time in that are not as repetative or boring.  Is it fun?  Sure, the first time you do something a few times it is fantastic.  It's about 6 hours in of doing the same thing that you start to wonder why you've spent $60 on a game that is essentially a GTA and FarCry inbred baby.  Except in FarCry you actually capture bases.. here you break a lock and dude's just start going ham, and then you see some patrols that don't even get into fights witht he cartels when they pass.I wouldn't pay more than $20 for this.  It has about $5 worth of gameplay.  Actually I told myself that I would not buy another Ubisoft game for this exact BS and decided to you know.. give it another try... and yet here I am again out of $60 with a garbage game."
76561197983843992,Not Recommended,460930,30970374,Posted: 5 April,all,Fudge Finger,I have more moments wishing I had never bought it then what I do having fun playing it. Just finding myself playing it to get my monies worth back
,Not Recommended,460930,30497145,Posted: 13 March,all,johansen,"poop, pure unadulterated poop"
76561198005591974,Not Recommended,460930,30461979,Posted: 11 March,all,DedCell32,"Was really excited for the release of this game. I played about 8 hours (most of it probably traveling from one distant location to the next). I get having aircraft and being able to get to locations faster but I'd almost prefer to be on the ground discovering places like that, (at least while the terrain is new). Almost feels like aircraft should be unlocked at a later level. Aside from that the gameplay was just too repetative. I tried hard to enjoy it but I just couldn't find myself to be excited to get back to playing it when I did. The gun selection is nice sure, but what's the point when your starting weapons all kill nearly every enemy with a headshot (maybe I didn't play enough into it to get into the super hard enemies if there were)? The first negative review explains it all but I felt the need to get mine out too!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30677374,Posted: 22 March,all,TPM605,"Ok, this one was a bit hard. Have have to say this game needs a lot more improvement. This game is fun, but there a lot of problems with this game. At first I thought it was gonna be good, but once I beated the game, I felt so god damn disappointed at Ubisoft. This is not the only game I played made by Ubisoft. The games I've played in the past made by them were kinda ♥♥♥♥♥♥. The save points between the game are horrible, for example: You just started a mission thats is insanely hard then complete half of it, then you die, THEN you have to go back ALL the way Back to the beginning and redo the entire ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥st all over again. The AI teammates are not always bright, most when your in combat 2 of your teammates are moving around when 1 is ♥♥♥♥ing stuck. I've ran into that problem like 23 times while in combat. The normal ending is kinda good, but the secret ending is one thats (SPOILER ALERT) lets El Sueno escape from prison and builds a new ♥♥♥♥ing cartel (which possibly gives a hint if theres gonna be a second game off the same storyline. So... I'm gonna give this game a ♥♥♥♥ing 4/10 And also a waste of ♥♥♥♥ING $60"
,Not Recommended,460930,32033212,Posted: 28 May,all,MarcusHalberslam,"Repetitive, unspired, MGS V wanna-beThis isn't Ghost Recon."
76561197970017731,Not Recommended,460930,31229758,Posted: 18 April,all,2legs,if you want to play a poor imitation of GTA merged with far cry and a casual arcade party game mode as made by a team who didnt understand what made Ghost Recon a great tacitcal team based game buy this game and its DLC.it is fun with friends. but a poor evolution of what used to be a great game series.
76561198259225160,Not Recommended,460930,30631364,Posted: 20 March,all,chasefaulk666,more fun to delete than play.
76561198089230910,Not Recommended,460930,30460848,Posted: 11 March,all,Carlos Danger,IF YOU LIKE DOING THE SAMETHING OVER AND OVER AND OVER THIS GAME IS FOR YOU
,Recommended,460930,30413725,Posted: 9 March,all,♛MGX♛,best game ever
76561198089360024,Recommended,460930,30402832,Posted: 8 March,all,HOoRakHsH,this game is just awesome
,Recommended,460930,30398698,Posted: 8 March,all,Capt_Nomad,Wow! It's awesome!
76561198114052480,Not Recommended,460930,30602298,Posted: 18 March,all,{SSF}Reaper,"wont let me play online with friends, fix this"
76561198080967086,Not Recommended,460930,30603084,Posted: 18 March,all,browningbman,It sucks thats all you need to know
,Not Recommended,460930,30740852,Posted: 25 March,all,Sexy Vorta,"It's a fun game with a lot of replay and roleplay potential, but unless you play co-op and in it's current buggy/glitchty state and low framerates and texture optimization problems... There is also a screen-tearing issue. Wait till it is either on offer or has been patched. Also the mirco dlc packs for weapons etc is a bad trend that needs to die. Two of the missing points that are preventing me from giving thsi game a 10/10 is becuase of the gready micro-transactions. In addition, If it wasn't for All of these issues my rating would be 10/10... I would not recommend this game in it's current state untill it has been patched but for gameplay this game is... to crudely put it, this game is bae!!!Current rating 26/03/2017: 6/10"
,Recommended,460930,31412267,Posted: 28 April,all,JocheM.,"This is Operation Kingslayer, listen up.Best Open world tactical shooter I played so far. The Story Missions are amazing and you can see that the developers put so much time into this game.Would recommend to anyone. 10/10"
76561197968218190,Not Recommended,460930,33743603,Posted: 23 July,all,Blackwolf_swe,"This piece of garbage is just like any other ubisoft game. works in beta then upon release just gets worse and worse with every update. now i can't even launch the game because they effed something else up when my game works like it should before the update and before anyone says otherwise, YES i have disabled and enabled every fix i have been able to find on the internet even reinstalling the game 5 times over. FIX YOUR **** UBISOFT"
,Recommended,460930,33250262,Posted: 4 July,all,Snaily9,Amazing game I love it!!
76561197970879700,Recommended,460930,30391363,Posted: 8 March,all,KUKWES,An absolute blast with friends.
76561198284605157,Recommended,460930,31481236,Posted: 1 May,all,Ronald Speirs,I like this game... but bugs is everywheres and everytimes.Ubisoft please... Fix bugs. (T_T)
,Not Recommended,460930,34173698,Posted: 11 August,all,Synn,"After spending 150 bux in this game, playing all the dlc, and challenges for a year. I can tell you this game is nothing but a disapointment. The bugs never end. They fix one set only to have a whole new set of bugs appear. UBISOFT makes cheap games. They invested in a decent engine but the game it self is boring and lame. Just like the company that made it."
76561198139373101,Recommended,460930,30374714,Posted: 7 March,all,Rohit Tulsyan,"As it says, the game has improved a bit from closed beta. i am running the game on gtx 750ti and it runs on 720p low and will give 50 to 60 fps , on medium it dips below 30. overall it is playable if u wanna play but make sure to run it on 720p with mix of low and medium and high settings.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylGU-oTAtfE"
76561198020482318,Not Recommended,460930,30469260,Posted: 12 March,all,Muneyshot,"I am so very disappointed in this game.  The controls are clunky and sluggish.  The AI is a joke, want to win a fire fight?  Duck behind a building and wait for your team to identify targets and flank them, thats it.  Vehicle control is an absolute joke.  Cars feel like they are on ice, any Air vehicle feels like you are fighting to control, and there is absolutely no point other that taking to altitude and using a parachute...yay for the commercial promo...You cant nose down and attack anything with an actual attack helicopter which is complete garbage, but everyone can jump out and pop a chute....sorry for the rant!  This game feels like its in Alpha.  The graphics are just ok, nothing to write home about.  It kinda feels like Watchdogs 2 at times with the drone and marking targets but when the combat starts, it feels like a sluggish FPS that doesn't quite meet the mark.  I would wait for a sale or maybe try a cracked version before buying.  This game does not live up to the hype it advertised."
76561197971128515,Recommended,460930,30380913,Posted: 7 March,all,PuTTyZa,"Excellent game.  Excellent graphics, running at 4K NO performance issues, game is running as smooth as it gets on my 4970K 16GB RAM and GTX980ti.  Well done Ubisoft, most fun I had in a game in a long time."
,Recommended,460930,30381013,Posted: 7 March,all,[IG] tictack22,That feeling when Ubisoft actually creates a good game..... Thanks Trump <3
,Recommended,460930,32977196,Posted: 29 June,all,Volt,This is what I wanted in a GR title.
,Not Recommended,460930,31707828,Posted: 12 May,all,ＤＥＶＥＬＯＰＥＲ💕,i tried everything just to play the game and i couldnt because of all the bugs
76561198150773978,Recommended,460930,30808116,Posted: 28 March,all,Satan's Little Helper,10/10 would get rekt by terrorists again.
,Not Recommended,460930,30572586,Posted: 17 March,all,it'sWoothew,"[TL;DR: at end]Ghost Recon Wildlands indeed. Wild like a disease ridden brothel girl in some backwoods Nevada town. Wild like the real western frontier, where you may've been able to find a bit of gold to sell, but more likely you'd have simply died rather quickly and painfully from explosive dysentery. Wild, in a bad way. Wild in the sense that every time I start the game up there is a new awful, annoying bug to be discovered. Bugs everywhere. Once, it was bits of the hud on the tactical map going missing, another time it was not being able to register that I had explored various places even when I was standing next to the markers for that place.Another time it was shooting down an enemy helo; it blowing up and falling to the ground and minutes later finding it could still kill me as it was still fully manned and had working miniguns, even though it was a total wreck in a creek. Just now in fact I picked up a new weapon, and now all my equipped weapons freak out at the mere hint of being held, never mind actually shot - I now have a shotgun that floats in mid-air in front of me and cannot be held at all, a handgun that makes my character have a fit when he tries to unholster it and this new gun that the game insists is an MP5 but clearly isn't, and is unusable.These bugs are just the tip of the iceberg in terms of disappointments and poor practices from the 'people' behind this product. Add a plot that any dumb 8th grader who watched a few seasons of Breaking Bad could've written better, physics, immersion and realism that make Kirby's Dream Land or Katamari Damacy seem lifelike, and gameplay that encompasses an uninspired, bland, paceless, tedious collect-a-thon so repetitive it could drive most normal people into a lengthy, nightmare-ridden coma and you get this game, a ridiculous, overpriced, shoddy, shameful, moronic mess that I would argue does not help give games and the game industry a better name.Now I payed good money for this game, faithful, forgetful fool that I am (read: insane), and I have enjoyed it, mostly. But it's just not good enough if you aren't a huge fan of games like this and have the patience of a saint and a very robust gaming rig and 50 quid to throw away.I know there will always be bugs in games as complex as this, and it's still early days, but at this juncture, to 99% of people - those of you who are not insane or stupid or have more money than sense - this game is a waste and not worth the price, regardless of whether you will play it alone or with friends, you will find a tonne of problems and let-downs that'll leave you kicking yourself if you pay anywhere near full price for it right now.This is one of the better recent Ubisoft games, though that isn't saying much as it is still trash in several ways. Save your money, don't give it to the greedy, greasy francophone jerks that squeezed out this turd. You aren't missing out on anything really good by not playing this game at this point. At this price and with this many problems with how the game is and the seemingly endless technical issues I simply cannot recommend the game, but I really wish I could. I love the early GR games and the concept behind them, and the same french fries that regurgitated this pile of waste have made some very enjoyable games in the past and can do so much better.In summary; do not buy this game. If you are at all on the fence, just don't. Trust me, I'm saving you money here. I paid for disappointment so you do not have to. If you really want to play it, wait until it is cheaper and play something else for now. Play the original Ghost Recon games that still are brilliant, or any of the many better modern sandbox shooters or any of the hundreds of just better made games, that had actual care and a slither of passion put into them and won't potentially break your bank or perhaps lower-end PC.TL;DR: 6/15. Make of that what you will."
,Not Recommended,460930,30474556,Posted: 12 March,all,AKM,"When played right it's very enjoyable 'operator'-style coop sandbox set in absolutely stunning virtual Bolivia. Though you can't ignore what it's very casual and oversimplified, bug-ridden and have poorly written main story with a lot of bad dialogue. Ah, and as usual for Ubisoft games weapons are represented with many mistakes and weird decisions, you don't even need to be gun nut to notice.Edit: So, first DLC called ""Narco Road' came out. I'm seriously can't find words to describe how bad and out of place it is in that game. For some reason someone at Ubisoft thought what bringing not even GTA, but Saint's Row-level childish content to semi-serious military shooter (despite community asking for more realistic military toys and features, like NVGs visible on characters or more guns used by special forces IRL) was good idea. Spoiler alert - it clearly wasn't.Edit no2: Second DLC called ""Fallen Ghosts"" came out and I must admit after first one it's not that bad. Yes, it have many weird game design decisions (yet again you create new character for this DLC, and only few guns from main game carry over, for example) and there is absolutely nothing what can be described as 'survival with elite special forces on your tail' (it plays just like main game with 4 new types of enemies and some new side missions), but at least it's staying, or trying to stay, close to theme of main game and Ghost Recon as series.Can't recommend this game for full price even though I really enjoyed playing it."
76561198213139955,Not Recommended,460930,30630650,Posted: 19 March,all,Kgo,I can't start the game mother ♥♥♥♥ !it constantly stops after loading screen is faded.
76561198009242840,Not Recommended,460930,32683811,Posted: 23 June,all,Gen McHunt,"After finishing the game I can honestly say -  Don't waste your money.Graphics are crap - compared to The Division.The vehicle physics are ♥♥♥♥ed! Its impossible to drive with any precision. Narco Road is even worse.How is a small shrub bullet proof? to a .50cal sniper bullet???  WTF!The cut scenes on tagging resources is ♥♥♥♥ing slow and a waste of time. Interaction with vehicles/resources/rewards takes too long, its so slow you can wlkk past it waiting for it to recognise you are in teh ""exact"" right spot - for ♥♥♥♥ sake!!!!I'm so over this game."
,Recommended,460930,30695432,Posted: 23 March,all,Private Banana,Is nice
76561198296188085,Recommended,460930,32732962,Posted: 24 June,all,xLILxE62x,i love it
76561198040218368,Not Recommended,460930,30463752,Posted: 11 March,all,reliantdan,"Wow, all I will say is good luck trying to get this game working. I've been at it for hours with their support, now they think its's due to having SLI LMAO. Really I've never had an issue with any other game.Overall really disappointed this is exactly why I quit buying Ubisoft games."
,Not Recommended,460930,30529583,Posted: 15 March,all,Demorid,"It seems like different kinds of polish went into this game. Parts like the weapon customisation or the general feel of the game world seems pretty fleshed out.  But the driving, the pop-ins while driving or the general weapon handling is just aweful. Its just not fun to play. Sadly. Perhaps patches will change it for good, like r6 perhaps not, like the divison.Right now i cant recommend it."
76561198047716026,Recommended,460930,30401153,Posted: 8 March,all,seanmizner,YES!
,Recommended,460930,30518510,Posted: 14 March,all,MDUTG1M,This game is awsome!
,Recommended,460930,33248782,Posted: 4 July,all,The Warchief,10/10Would operate again.
,Recommended,460930,32707223,Posted: 23 June,all,phencyl,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)to be honest it is fun but it is dead"
76561198018570568,Not Recommended,460930,32728289,Posted: 24 June,all,Dakado,Camera should be switchable to 1st person mode. 3rd person camera is bugged in inside of houses.
76561198213757345,Not Recommended,460930,30478354,Posted: 12 March,all,Joey Stalin,"This game is so unbelievably broken. The AI on extreme is damn near unbeatable assuming that you are spotted. And thats assuming the game actually works. I have 8gbs of ram, a gtx 1080 and i7 but I can't break 40 fps at very high let alone ultra. Don't even get me started on the frame drops to 8 FPS! And this game has tearable pop in. The guns don't load in until 2 minutes into loading into the world for me. I've had instances where my guns have bullets that don't actually register. One time I was going to get a gun from a crate and the crate would not load in. I waited for 5 minutes and still didn't load in. The grenade launcher is incredibly inconsistant when shooting. The grenade won't actually explode when hitting theyre target (when shooting from 20yards away). The bullet drop is also so incredibly over dramatic its ridiculous, and with no real long range sniping tutorial, or a zeroing system, sniping above 200 meters is really risky. This game had great potential and I was really hyped for this. But it is so unbelievably unfinished that its damn near unplayable. However I do feel that this game (in co-op) is far more fun as the AI is braindead. It CAN be fun if it works right. I don't recomend playing this on the hardest difficulty unless you have a team thats capable of it. So in conclusion, this game is broken and unfinished. I do think ubisoft will update the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game to fix it the best they can over the next 2 months but as of right now, I can't recomend it."
76561198062759169,Recommended,460930,30512256,Posted: 14 March,all,R@f@el,Really enjoying the game just buy it and stop reading all the negative comments try it for yourself.
76561197971113320,Not Recommended,460930,30460439,Posted: 11 March,all,Scrutch,a huge nice map without anything that drives u to play it for longer then couple hours. Yeah coop can be fun but i claim that every bad game with good friends can be fun if you just keep doing silly stuff. Every mission in this game feals like the one before and non of the missions was ever challenging not even on hardest difficulty. Thank you steam for your refund feature.
,Recommended,460930,31420831,Posted: 28 April,all,𝓢𝓱𝓪𝓭𝔂,"It is good game with friend(s), don't buy if solo.Driving mechanics suck, huge map and a lot of collectibles."
,Recommended,460930,31424072,Posted: 28 April,all,Claymore,"Side Quest Completion and Item Pick Up Simulator 2017.10/10 ""Are we looking around here for some intelligence?""Seriously though, there is so much to do on the side that it would put Witcher 3 to shame."
76561198014435580,Not Recommended,460930,31101737,Posted: 12 April,all,timvan007,Game is repetitive and boring after the first 2 map areas. Same quests with different people to kill. Wouldn't recommend for anyone playing solo campaign.
76561198105086432,Not Recommended,460930,30993580,Posted: 7 April,all,Kickass,"Using four words to describ this game: Boring, bugs, poor-organised and farewell.Before reading my ♥♥♥♥♥-complaining, i have to say something about the coordinated shot. Well, I have to say this setting is interesting and helpful in solo game, u can order the teammate to kill someone that u can not reach, just like what a tactic team do in the mission. However, it's worthless in a party game.I felt so sorry with this game, because I did't think this game should be released so early, it's a half of a fully product, none of the aspects have been organised well at this stage, let see WTF with this game!!!!1. BORINGThere is a cycle in this game - stealing, crushing, infiltrating, collecting and driving. All the missions repeated and on, and on....The main story is cut in piece by piece, hardly to find any relationship with different bosses, except a relationship map and very  short videos. All the bosses' missions are similiar, so I didn't enjoy much of its story line, and I only got a feeling during the game- When will I finish this !!!!2. BUGSWhat's the basic element of a shooting game??? Obivously, your projectiles CAN NOT pass though the enermies without doing any damage. However, this game fails. Let me give u an example, 2 solders were standing in line, and u fired, those magic bullets pass though the first soldier and killed the second one, then the alarm's on and U ♥♥♥♥ING DIED!!! ♥♥♥♥ YOUR MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ER, U LITTLE PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...., most of the playing time I wasted was on repeating the missions because of this bug. Besides this bug, there are driving, vehicle, terrain, corpse.....bugs, I don't want to mention all , because it's too PAINFUL!!! You mother ♥♥♥♥er.3. POOR-ORGANISEDStory aren't great , guns are hard to collect at early game, fighting system sucks (U were killed under enermies'f firing without cover in 2s, poor setting), some skills are useless...4. FAREWELLWON""T PLAY THIS GAME FOR THE SECOND TIME"
,Not Recommended,460930,30806008,Posted: 28 March,all,Officer Doofy,Reparative and basic!The game starts outs very exciting with awesome cut scenes but that excitement quickly worn off with the tiring repetitive missions. This is a game you beat and quickly forget that you even played it. The graphics are great but the vehicles controllers are equal to GTA 3 physics. Cars sliding like their on ice and the motorcycle controls are just atrocious. The game has 0 replay value unless of course Ubisoft milks 15$-20$ out of you for some DLC. I recommend getting the game for 20$-30$ defiantly not worth 60$.
,Not Recommended,460930,34235062,Posted: 14 August,all,Kraft,"It's like GTA with less content, horrible vehicle physics, annoying gameplay and no multiplayer"
,Recommended,460930,30401758,Posted: 8 March,all,bRAInFRoG,"some minor bugs and some polish needed, overall much better then the beta and shaping up to be pretty sweet"
76561197966349274,Not Recommended,460930,32291086,Posted: 9 June,all,✪SNOWFLAKE/Akimoto,"This game has lost its charm over these few months, superhyped up game tok a huge fall thanks to narco roads etc. Ubisoft do not care about us as players and community, they will never listen to us since we have payed them with our money."
76561198183455189,Recommended,460930,30627179,Posted: 19 March,all,Meanwheel,GOOD GAME
76561198014209692,Not Recommended,460930,32579557,Posted: 19 June,all,memorris,"Not terribly exciting.  Sure it has a bunch of cool views, but the content is the same regardless of where you travel."
76561198039300622,Not Recommended,460930,30915695,Posted: 2 April,all,Voodoojester (sick),"I want to upvote this game but it has 2 main problems that are killing it for me.1) The Climbing interaction it so damn glitchy, I have been stuck in so many ♥♥♥♥ing spots its just getting stupid.2) The Respawn near allies wile in multiplayer its just ♥♥♥♥ing with me at this point. I cant count the number of times its put me next to cartel or Uni forces only to be dropped again and with a 1min bleed out timer with no skip its just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.I enjoy this game a lot but i feel a lot of elements were rushed at the end and need tweeking or patching."
76561198062925267,Not Recommended,460930,30799155,Posted: 28 March,all,Nolder55,"I've played this for a good while and it has to be said for the size of the game (the missions and objectives as well as the map) it feels lacking. Sure the shooting is fun and there is an element of tactics but it gets old fairly quickly. Playing with friends is fun too but when isn't it? A bad game can be fun with friends too.I bought this game at full price and while I can't say I'm angry about it, I am disappointed.For half price, I could recommend this game as more of a thing to try out and joke about with rather than a full game.(Next bit has a hint towards a spoiler so there's that)Oh, and another thing that irritated me (and made me write this) was the endings (of which there are two cutscenes) are really disatisfying and while one shows the country going to♥♥♥♥♥♥ the other basically sets up the basis of the sequel.I could say how there are few memorable moments in the game but I don't feel like ranting about that, instead I'll complain about after taking over a country, after bringing the drug leader to his knees, you don't even get the pleasure of shooting him. in one ending Bowman does it, and seriously, who gives a damn about Bowman?"
76561198099565943,Recommended,460930,31551870,Posted: 4 May,all,Bato,best
,Recommended,460930,30371466,Posted: 7 March,all,SlyFax RIP Gpa 7-4-17,I played over 30+ hours on the betas and the technical test way back when. They've listened to the community since starting to make the game and we could all see it in the betas. This is a fantastic game and I can't wait to see how it goes in the future of this content.
,Recommended,460930,30387441,Posted: 8 March,all,K0NIG,Its fun to play with your friends
,Not Recommended,460930,31572895,Posted: 5 May,all,Mommy says I'm Special,https://youtu.be/Y8Mg-9Atlws
76561198007606072,Recommended,460930,30369733,Posted: 7 March,all,Farmhand82,"So far so good. This is open world done right. The game gives you a good amount of freedom to pursue your objectives. Optimization could use some work and there have been some minor bugs, however the game looks great and I'm enjoying the gameplay quite a lot."
76561198001922216,Recommended,460930,30369799,Posted: 7 March,all,Alpha,"The First Ghost recon is one of may most favorite and Ghost recon wildlands makes it the second one absolutely recommended to any one who likes stealth, open world, smart choices , upgrades e.tc"
,Recommended,460930,30498827,Posted: 13 March,all,DaddyShanks,"the game is a lot of fun with your friends to play against the mexican people.  But it crashes a lot, please dont make the game so racist so it wont crash."
76561198196650803,Recommended,460930,30515737,Posted: 14 March,all,BigMikey150,Still getting into it but so far so good. Playing at 2560x1440p and looks great. If any problems arise I'll update this
,Not Recommended,460930,30615523,Posted: 19 March,all,rekalium,"It's a nice shooter and plays fairly well. BUT, the open world is not good. Whilst roaming around you might encounter some UNIDAD, the heavy forces in the game, and get away. However, on missions when these dudes just happen to patrol where you're headed or at the base you're overthrowing and you fail the mission. ♥♥♥♥ that.I've spent over 45 minutes on some missions, stealthing around to get to my objective, only to be shot down by 2 apaches and what's basically a SWAT team. Again, they're not a part of the mission. They just happen to be there and ♥♥♥♥ you up."
76561198028463467,Recommended,460930,30406188,Posted: 9 March,all,superspartan2,Really fun ive been playing for 14 hours know and still have a lot more to do :D
,Not Recommended,460930,30378085,Posted: 7 March,all,Fractool,Ubisoft have pulled off another cash grab and you really don't know the half of it until you play. the player animations in this game are very janky when navigating the enviroment. The characters have no weight to them so they move like you would expect a ps2 game to look due to dissonence between the enviroment and animations. The driving is just about serviceable but is frustrating offroad. I swear there is only one sound for suspension and its every half second. The AI isn't too bad once you know what you're doing but they can stand right next to an enemy and not be seen. the shooting mechanic also feels very cheap and arcady especially when moving between third and first person camera's. This makes indoor battles almost impossible to navigate without being killed. The map is pretty big and has a fair amount of rinse and repeat missions of various types buying you upgrades that make little difference to your in game experience.THEN YOU SEE THE STORE PAGE! These obnoxious♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥have already started trying to flog tonnes of content from cars/guns/clothes/skins/weapon parts/missions and to get all of it you have to pay the full price of the game again! yeh that's right! This isn't even including all the DLC they have already made assets for! I think this is going to be my last purchase of a Ubisoft game as they have once again proven they are the industry leaders in unpolished games and cash grab content.
76561197962100857,Not Recommended,460930,30440382,Posted: 10 March,all,six-P-,"Game is so buggy can't start a new game without a hard crash.And it's not even a new or uncommon problem, per this several weeks old thread:http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1587524-Loading-To-Campaign-Then-Crash-ForumsTheir long list of known issues reinforces the idea that this game was released too early:http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1584574-Known-IssuesWill either return this game or patiently wait and rereview this game at a later date."
76561198009509328,Not Recommended,460930,31531892,Posted: 3 May,all,Hopdevil,"You have to download and register with Uplay to play this game.   First, that's REALLY annoying.  But also it slows your computer down even when you are not using it!  My system had been sluggish and I could not figure out why.   I uninstalled Uplay and now I am back to normal.If the game was awesome it might be worth it.   But no, it's dry and gets boring really fast.If you want to be happier and wealthier... don't buy this game.  In fact, avoid Ubisoft games entirely."
,Recommended,460930,31332109,Posted: 23 April,all,TMAN1029 road to charcoal elite,ReaLLy FuN GAEme i swaGGEd oUT and BOUGHt it. PlayyED it and NOw i am THe gaeme. KIlliNG peopLe in THiS Gaeme is HArd BuT fuN. I Enjoy the LEVELING SYstem. AI = SWAG. Car Handling = OMgee
,Recommended,460930,33140717,Posted: 2 July,all,COSKUNBABA,I need Rich friends to play this game :D
,Recommended,460930,30381244,Posted: 7 March,all,Spectre,"Great Looks, high FPS, only downside is freezing in CO-Op and Single-player!"
76561197968847284,Recommended,460930,30376341,Posted: 7 March,all,Massiv Igel,"After playing this game fpr a bit i am already bored as hell. I just come in sometimes for a little pew pew pew but nothing more. The biggest thing bugging me is the difficulty settings. They have no impact what so ever. You do not get more exp, money, rewad in any kind if you play on higher settings. Even in MP games every one of the for human playerse can have different settings. The one gets shoot 100 times still lives the one with the hardest settings gets insta killed. Thats it nothing more.This game is so much casual ... meehhh. I am a sad panda ;)For once UBI has taken the bad stuff from the beta and but them right, mostly. Like performance is way better, driving feels better. So on the whole i`d say a , for the most part, good game .Flying is a bit strange, the controls seem to feel odd.Would be nice to edit the gear of you AI comrades ;)It is too easy .... there should be a more serious death,  now you only respawn a few meters away from where you died .... lame :("
76561198201842253,Recommended,460930,30390948,Posted: 8 March,all,SirVeteran,the fix of ubisoft to the division
,Recommended,460930,30393893,Posted: 8 March,all,OneManArmy,"Wildlands does what it says on tin. It's a semi-tactical, strategic shooter. There's a bad guy, to kill him you need to work your way up to him. It's a guaranteed 50-60 hours of story. Huge map, 21 regions, all of which have their own landscapes and vibe. With a friend it's great, however the AI seem to do a good job. Also, it's optimizedwell (I get 60 on High with a 970 and i5-4690k)My only problems with it are; the driving isn't very well done so it's easy to spin off of the road and it's generally quite buggy (no suprise, it's a Ubisoft game).I'd give it a 9/10, I'd also tell you not to wait for it to go on sale as you'll get plenty of gameplay out of it."
,Recommended,460930,30396078,Posted: 8 March,all,Naval,Awesome
,Not Recommended,460930,30397318,Posted: 8 March,all,reaganomics,Game crashes constantly.
76561198084299311,Not Recommended,460930,30397824,Posted: 8 March,all,El Jeffrey,"This game is poorly optimized and if played by yourself, quite boring. If you play with friends then I can see it being fun, but it's very boring playing alone. I definitely recommend waiting for a sale on this game as it is not worth the 60 dollars."
,Recommended,460930,30399667,Posted: 8 March,all,shkeptikal,"Put 10+ hours into the beta, wanted more, pre-ordered. So far the first 2 hours are just like the beta, which is what I was hoping for. Optimization has improved a bit since then. GTX 970, i5-4690k, 16gb ram, solid 60fps most of the time with everything on high.If you played the beta, you know what you're in for here. It's not a masterpiece, but it plays a bit like MGSV with a lighter story and more content littered around the map. I don't regret the purchase and if that sounds fun to you, you won't either. You will end up doing a lot of things more than once, but that's what most open world games are. 12 hours in (with another 8 hours of content I've already done once to go) and I'm not bored with it.Once I've taken apart the cartel, I plan to establish my own Bolivian drug empire. Only this time, less torture and more ridiculous radio DJ's."
,Recommended,460930,30399866,Posted: 8 March,all,Hunter,"I loved playing the past Ghost Recon games, I'm a huge fan of Tom Clancy's games such as the Rainbow series and Splitercell series. Here are a few pros and cons that you will need to understand before buying this game.PRO1. Massive Open World2. 4 Player Drop in/out3. Great Combat (Bullet drop etc)4. Funny as hellCONS1. The game is still full of bugs that I hope are patched soon"
,Recommended,460930,30399886,Posted: 8 March,all,legoboyjr,"I apsolutely love this game its big, fun, and different."
,Recommended,460930,31426234,Posted: 28 April,all,Inasyah 🐾,"Honestly this game has deserved a bad review.- The driving sucks - the car simulation is as bad as most **** simulator games like Farming Simulator or similar stuff.- The gameplay is repetitiv as ****, there are maybe 5 different mission types and they repeat like each 99[...]9 times.- The AI is stupid (enemy and companions) and even on the highest difficulty no challenge.- The Story feels as if it was written by a few 5 year olds who think they will become the Rulers of allDrugdealers and fantasize about their great upcoming Empire for the most part.- Physics are broken, and the few destructible objects like Vehicles do either function to 100% or explode in one singularbig Blow, there is no in-between State.- Bugs, Bugs and Bugs. Mostly little ones, but the mass of them makes you think they rushed the QA.- Too few Guns and especially Modifications.- The random NPC's are really ugly and all too similar and repeating. Player Characters have only little Customizationavailable and most of the few Options are not visually pleasing either or diverse (No good looking Hair - like WHY?).- But like one Billion different Stickers for your Backpack. WTF who needs that. Give more Hair Options instead.- UPLAY. IS. *****.- ... a lot more I'm just too tired to write down right now- And now even the newest DLC is crap (Read Reddit for feedback on that one)[Most Mechanics in this Game are Broken.]But somehow I am giving this Game a thumbs up.- I guess this is because the world is insanely beautiful and vast.- Decent Progression through a Skill System.- A lot to Grind if you don't mind the repetitive Theme.- The broken vehicle gameplay is turning the driving into bumper car which is decent fun.- Coop. Doing **** in this game with other people is fun.- Story is embedded well into the world (even if the story is really short and only feels long because of the repetitive gameplay)- I have big hopes for the next DLC which brings PVP apparently.[But some are fun nontheless.]So all in all: This game is fun if you are fine with not getting the gameplay the title promises and are able to enjoy it for what it is:A casual Sandbox for you and your Friends to do crazy Stuff and have Fun together for a while. Not worth 60 Bucks,but you could get it on a Sale I guess. Maybe they will offer a Discount if you buy like 5 copies at once for you andyour Friends."
76561198262384998,Recommended,460930,31457846,Posted: 30 April,all,Mr.J,This game is very interesting for me
,Recommended,460930,30399903,Posted: 8 March,all,hitlery cunton,ITS FUN
76561198179818662,Recommended,460930,30396017,Posted: 8 March,all,cheeseburger0029,hello i bought the deluxe edition before the sales ended.how can I redeem the content? (huntsmun rifle and motorbike) ecc.thanks!
,Recommended,460930,30368194,Posted: 6 March,all,Sheriff Sarsaparilla,The Lamas spit on youLama/10
76561197963387499,Not Recommended,460930,32554264,Posted: 18 June,all,tac0gat0,"What a waste of money, same repetitive missions, same NPCS, boring boring boring. I defeated the game and tried to bring fun out of it with friends. In the end it was just a re skinned farcry, area domination, do monkey missions for NPCS that don't help you etc etc....NOT WORTH 60 get it for 30 or lower."
,Recommended,460930,30385131,Posted: 7 March,all,Burter.★,9/10
76561197970885828,Not Recommended,460930,31075536,Posted: 11 April,all,Ubique,"I played this for a month, that was the length of my enjoyment with this game, its typical ubisoft, fun for 1 - 2 months then boring AF, repetative and just not thought out properly"
,Recommended,460930,30821432,Posted: 29 March,all,MaddRapperShow,Hmmm....https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-kf9GOboFs
,Recommended,460930,32217215,Posted: 6 June,all,820,Best Ubisoft game to date.
,Recommended,460930,33818975,Posted: 26 July,all,Aaron (Moplive),"Decent game, good story but lacks end game content.. 7/10!"
,Not Recommended,460930,34374408,Posted: 20 August,all,Nils,It's just frustrating and annoying.
,Recommended,460930,34054102,Posted: 5 August,all,A Small Ethiopian Village,I like shooting the Mexicos.
76561198006756264,Recommended,460930,34343585,Posted: 18 August,all,Edgewalker,It's great
76561198003996728,Recommended,460930,30435707,Posted: 10 March,all,wanted31,yes !
76561198032532486,Not Recommended,460930,30418703,Posted: 9 March,all,bushleegplayer,try to install and ubisoft needs activation key cant find activation key anywhere on steam very frustrating and cant play till steam or ubisoft contacts me back next week
,Not Recommended,460930,30794226,Posted: 28 March,all,maximilianyuen,"a ok game but definitely not worth the full price. Horrible server, 1 out of 3 times ubisoft server is down, and the other time you will need to login multiple times to get a successful login, if your account is not suspended for trying to login multiple times.And the usual low quality/oversight in game. Nothing game breaking, but seriously ruining the experience overall. List a few here:-coop experience is bad. If you have done a mission and your friend didn't, helping him do the mission you will going in blind. You can only see a mission marker and nothing else. You can't see the target or any details like you are doing that mission. Problem? If the mission is to capture, you will likely kill the target because you won't know who to capture. This goes to all  the side or main missions.-sync shot only work with npc ai. you can't sync shot with coop friend properly.-calling vehicle drop got a 40% chance of getting yourself kill, as it will drop right above you. never did it once land the vehicle at where i pointed at even on plain grassfield-NPC can see through wall and door and grass, where your thermal view can't even see them.-analogue input in not properly mapped. say on airplane you can only go full left/right or straight forward. no subtle turning like the car did on ps4 controller and you cannot set it.-funny control scheme. on helicopter you cannot go sideway like every other game can. and it will switch to airplane mode after going forward a little bit.-and there's no aiming for chopper weapon. you can only blind fire.-mediocre AI. rebel diversion or gun for hire barely work as intended. either they won't show up, or show up but standing still, or only show after you clear almost all enemy when you have ask for them 5 mins ago. Those random patrolling rebel  can also kill your capture target making the mission fail-drone and bionculous bugs still not addressed. 40% of the time when you are joining others, you can't use them. the button just has no respond. no solution nor cause of the bug from google.on and on and on.I do have a few moment of fun with friends when ubisoft server is not down, which is down right now so I am writing this review,  but if you got any other game on wish list, buy them first. Even Mass Effect Andromeda is a much better choice given those animation problem.I don't expect Ubisoft will fix more than half of the major bugs like the rest of their titles, so wait till 50% off and get what you are paying for."
76561198317641777,Recommended,460930,30590486,Posted: 18 March,all,A7mdIV,ONE OF THE BEST OPEN WORLD COOP GAME
76561198169482063,Recommended,460930,30508202,Posted: 14 March,all,Hrimata Eleison,"You can kill ""El Komander""10/10"
,Recommended,460930,31427128,Posted: 28 April,all,KillKillKill,"Finally bought it after it went on sale, due to the mid level reviews. The game is ok, very intense. The AI really suck and there is no way to turn off the 10 cent jokes that are always being told by the AI. I hope future patches will improve the AI as many players have requested. Overall, ok for the money spent."
76561198150002677,Recommended,460930,31426761,Posted: 28 April,all,[L]aughin[G],"This game quite had more good points than bad point. Let talk about good first, graphic and gameplay was pretty great and high fps as well. Next, story mode of the game was interesting and quite long as well as side mission and other mission. Even though, it had good few points but i still not stastify after bought it due to few bad points. As like other player had mention in their review, after story mode ended, this game had nothing to play anymore even i play with friend. Moreover, gun was quite less in each type of gun than i expected. This point it likely to WatchDog2 which had only a few cool gun to use in the entire game. However, this game deserve my money, not regret to purchase at all. Thumps Up!"
76561198043755184,Not Recommended,460930,30762868,Posted: 26 March,all,NauticalTank,"BUYER BEWARE!I want to reccommend this game to everyone, I really do. Don't get me wrong its definetly a very fun ""tactical"" shooter. Its got a massive world to explore, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of guns and some really solid multiplayer. BUT this game is very poorly optimized. Running Dual Graphics RX480 8gb with 16 gigs of ram running off an SSD and an 8320 Black edition, the game STRUGGLES to find a consistent framerate. Running the game on Ultra bounces me from 40-25 frames, down to medium 40 to 30 frames. on Low a solid 50 frames. This is very poor optimization from Ubisoft, considering my computer will run DOOM 2016 on Nightmare settings at a steady 80fps this game really has no excuse to be runnning so poorly. So if you have a beast of a computer or don't mind sub 60fps on pc then by all means play the game, BUT if you do mind, I'd avoid it until maybe one day a dev or a modded fixes it."
,Recommended,460930,31608114,Posted: 7 May,all,Koyvan,where is wildlance
76561198000349422,Not Recommended,460930,30407279,Posted: 9 March,all,neckrosiss,game freezes every five minutes to load. not playable at this time for me.
,Not Recommended,460930,30418470,Posted: 9 March,all,Dickman,"It's a UBISOFT game .....  like a farcry with cool coop features and that all about it. Great game for coopers but the mission layouts and those DLCs, MAN, it's like assassin creed all over again =D This game is like a Rockstar version of Division but Ubisoft version of Gta5 :)))"
,Not Recommended,460930,30509932,Posted: 14 March,all,ヴラッド ザ ギグラー,I'd love to give a positive review of this game. But I can't when it doesn't even want to start. And when it does it doesn't even want to work. Money better spent elsewhere.
76561198071703400,Recommended,460930,30407523,Posted: 9 March,all,Ғ!ƦƐҒŁƳ,"Got this game working after having issues at startThis game is good.Huge area to explore.Lot of side missions, unlocks for weapons, skins , skillsA mediocre drug cartel story which fails to impressGood gameplay mechanicsBuggy AIGraphics are niceDynamic weather effectsDo the same mission in multiple ways.Rating 9/10"
,Recommended,460930,30403542,Posted: 8 March,all,FrequencyOo,"great game, great ideas, great detailed world. im liking it so far. only wish the game run much more smoother. the game has moments where the fps drops. im playing on a 1070 and this game still doesnt run as smooth as it should be. fix it."
,Recommended,460930,30403761,Posted: 8 March,all,meta,"Bigger than GTA, Elder Scrolls, Fallout, incredible shooting dynamics, looks better than watchdogs...what more could you want in a game?!"
,Recommended,460930,30403725,Posted: 8 March,all,полковник пепе ля,Great game to play with other people !
76561198095217430,Recommended,460930,30620590,Posted: 19 March,all,Doctor Mott,Awesome game so far.
,Not Recommended,460930,30407323,Posted: 9 March,all,Mas Boy,Yang main game ini berarti anda NOOB
,Recommended,460930,31484446,Posted: 1 May,all,ZOMBIE EXPERT,"This game is a lot of fun, don't really know why it has so much hate but i think it is fun, lots of missions to do on the game, only made it to boss 3 out of 25 and i have play this for about 25hour from when i am making the review. Don't let the dislikes put you off the game as it is really fun. The only one thing i would say bad about it, is that it is much more fun playing co-op, so if you have a friend you should get the game"
76561198008703925,Recommended,460930,31484501,Posted: 1 May,all,Jambo,"Great Game!. My mates are boring ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥'s so i've mainly been playing solo, still had a blast 8/10"
76561197972918146,Recommended,460930,31486305,Posted: 1 May,all,ImGunFodder,"Having played this game for a while now I still find that I enjoy it.  Granted MGS5 it is not, though I was hoping they would be similar, note I said hoping!  That said here is what I find good, bad and whatever!Good +- Huge world, it seemlessly blends together, no transition screens or sudden load screens.- Team AI is not nearly as dumb as Advanced Warfighters was- Allows you to go anywhere, pick and choose missions, collect weapons, level up, as you please- Lots of guns, and the game does not punish you for using them unlike MGS5- lots of different environments- customization, you can tailor your character almost any way you want- Can be unprdictable and chaotic when things go bad on a mission.Bad -- Enemies are blind to rebels but keen on attacking you- Graphics could have been better- Unidad is more annoying that challanging- Team AI is hit or miss, they can be a real help in a firefight or they can ruin your attempts to be stealthy- Not enough Vehicles- No Aiming reticule on Chopper- Vehicles take some getting used to, not to mention the Chopper controls are poor- No way to capture surrendering enemies alive- It's way to easy to get upclose to enemies without them even noticing. I mean you would think that having a helicopter get within 20 of you would get your attention, but not for these guys. Must be all the Coke they are snorting, I don't know.Whatever :\- Civilians seem to act like americans running around the streets with assault rifles is completly normal, not to mentionthey don't serve any perpose other than sometimes getting in the way or just being there.  They really needed more depth to them.- You can't control the attire of your team- Voice acting is passable- Some odd glitches, I sometimes hear a woman scream but don't find anything afterwards- Vehicle Radio is annoying- You still can't micromanage your team like in the original Ghost Recon, Why not?- Stealth while possible is sort of just...meh!In short, this game will not appeal to everyone, so what! I like it and thats good enough for me."
76561198127179583,Recommended,460930,31484150,Posted: 1 May,all,GabenTheQuickScoper,Best.game.Ever.Supper fun to play with friends however the server system needs some work as occasionally you can't join a friends game or it crashes but once you are in the game it's extremely fun to run around with friends and compleat missions or just derp around
,Recommended,460930,32123025,Posted: 1 June,all,FroggyHigh,"Good open world game whit great game play on diffrent levels and the updated hud selections, so u can make it how u like it.  The graphics are great but a bit demanding, its a verry nice solo/coop game."
76561198075086414,Recommended,460930,31344584,Posted: 24 April,all,HeadHunter3x,"Graphics are pretty good, maps way too big.. gameplay is fine , worth it? may be"
76561198046846385,Recommended,460930,30420287,Posted: 9 March,all,Weathers,Well done!
76561198152360372,Recommended,460930,30427280,Posted: 10 March,all,scotfusion,"Well optimized game with amazing graphics, AI is awesome and the story and dialog is really cool. Very open world. Very cool. You create your story as you go along. This game will only get better. Nice job, Devs. Bravo. 9/10. I really recommend this game!"
76561197974525269,Recommended,460930,30531814,Posted: 15 March,all,robcrap007,gta meets tom clancy.  pretty good though i would like to see some kind of online multiplayer that isnt just you and 3 friends.  often time several of us want to play and some get singled out.  still recommend this game to others though because its still a whole lot of fun.  bikes are OP by the way lol
76561198007275133,Recommended,460930,30417044,Posted: 9 March,all,Legend,Great game.
76561198001204452,Not Recommended,460930,30400719,Posted: 8 March,all,Evilcell,"-Cant make a charcter when my freaking character is behind the damn option.-I deleted my damn file i log back in and its back wtf!?-Terrible dialog.-Boring story.-Character and AI fire team not memorable.-Fire team introduction at the beginning is very boring and one ""smells like♥♥♥♥♥quot;."
76561197966191800,Recommended,460930,30739260,Posted: 25 March,all,Grimm,It's alright.
76561198102889852,Recommended,460930,32503054,Posted: 17 June,all,MeepMurr,Well what can i say its an ok game but as the others say its pretty repetetive but there is just more than that i dont know if its just me but theres alot of frame drops while for example you drive a car then it can happen that the game freezes for like 1-2 seconds and so on so i would give it a 7/10
,Recommended,460930,32514243,Posted: 17 June,all,geraqui,"This is a pretty good game. I play solo and I dont experience any bugs, I have a radeon 480 and run it on high"
,Recommended,460930,32501858,Posted: 17 June,all,obleb,"okay game. The content it provides is fun the first few hours, then it becomes very repetitive. It'll be more fun if you play with a couple friends!"
76561198054703760,Recommended,460930,32710526,Posted: 23 June,all,Nh@H,nice game
,Recommended,460930,30454276,Posted: 11 March,all,Dingle,"Good game so much better than the beta, still kind of buggy but a really fun game"
76561198132307339,Recommended,460930,30623519,Posted: 19 March,all,Steve Høye - sfnf,"it is a bit laggy when you drive motor bike, i mean when you crash in to a rock you can fly over 500m."
76561198215948693,Recommended,460930,30451116,Posted: 11 March,all,FAT LAB,Great rate mate i rate 8/8
76561198066379881,Recommended,460930,30457945,Posted: 11 March,all,Call Of Duty,Absolutely amazing game... the graphics are soo damnn good... game feels fresh in each new mission. side missions are also fun. The Developers are so supportive of the PC community. Worth it.
76561198116040071,Recommended,460930,32120580,Posted: 1 June,all,Sam,I  thinks it's a good game if ubisoft would let me play
,Recommended,460930,30548253,Posted: 16 March,all,✪ rKs11,Its a fan-♥♥♥♥ingtastisk game. I love it to bits ❤
,Recommended,460930,32181250,Posted: 4 June,all,Haxified,10/10 game
76561198040167638,Recommended,460930,30719631,Posted: 24 March,all,hookem347,its aight
,Recommended,460930,33061298,Posted: 30 June,all,pecky-pete,i fall thru the map alot
76561198082573312,Recommended,460930,33964761,Posted: 1 August,all,CinnamonToastCrush,buy if you have friends
,Recommended,460930,30675734,Posted: 22 March,all,youeatapples,This is a pretty great game. I have the recommended specs but you will still experience lag spikes when there is a lot of explosions gun shots exc.
76561198352695870,Recommended,460930,33940649,Posted: 31 July,all,Kevin,Small missons are too boring when will you guys add 4v4?
76561198080024923,Recommended,460930,30637817,Posted: 20 March,all,Slim Joint,Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Crashinglands
,Recommended,460930,31424693,Posted: 28 April,all,Paolo Sanchez,"Pretty good game as far as the Ghost Recon series goes. Expansion content is new and different. I love the ability to customize the weapons in the game. However, since certain weapons are more powerful than others, one tends to find those weapons and stick with them. Stealth is a big must in this game, so running around with a shotgun makes little to know sense. Also, wish the reward weapons at the end of boss fights were customizable, but they are not. Overall, I highly recommend the game."
,Not Recommended,460930,31051298,Posted: 9 April,all,TheCado,Working on a formal review. At the moment. Not worth the purchase.Fun with friends. Grind when alone.
,Recommended,460930,30424802,Posted: 10 March,all,WacoTacoJames,"What is good: Customization, story, map size and region variations.What could be better: Combat, helicopter speed/control, game performance, graphics.What is bad: AI (all factions), vehicle physicsMore detailed info:Character and weapon customization is extensive and plentiful.  I have not finished the game yet but most parts of the story are interesting.  The map is large and there are more than 20 regions that all have different landscapes and weather.  Combat isn't very satisfying; weapons have no weight or punch to them.  Shooting feels too easy.  Flying helicopters is awkard, whether on keyboard or controller.  Game performance should be much better.  Some areas have FPS drops.  I cannot max the graphics settings with a GTX 1080 if I want a good framerate, despite the game not being very visually demanding.  I'd say The Division or Watch Dogs 2 have better graphics (just to compare Ubisoft releases).  All of the AI is pretty bad.  Your Ghost team isn't much help - I always tell them to move somewhere and hold position so I can do missions stealthily.  The Rebels are mostly just a distraction since Santa Blanca and Unidad kill them easily.  Santa Blanca and Unidad have almost perfect aim, which gets annoying in the harder difficulty regions.  If you get Unidad to 4th tier alert in a high difficulty region, you will have trouble escaping.  Unidad helicopters spawn frequently even if you shoot them down.  I think Unidad's aim needs to be slightly reduced, as well as their amount of body armor.  Santa Blanca's aim should be reduced greatly.  I wouldn't expect cartel members to be sharpshooters.  Ground vehicle physics are stiff and twitchy, and vehicle damage is greatly over-exaggerated.Despite the complaints I have about this game, it is still a fun and enjoyable game and I managed to put 25 hours on it during the 79 hours its been available.  It is much better with friends to coordinate attacks with so get a squad together."
,Recommended,460930,32206510,Posted: 5 June,all,Flash_Thunder,"The game is fun but personally I find it hard to invest time into this game becasue i cant find myself attached to any of the characters.Runs Fine for me , I play on Maxed out settings and i get a Good 60-80 fps"
,Recommended,460930,32205213,Posted: 5 June,all,Captain Jack Sparrow,"I still hate Ubi for shutting down the Ghost Recon Phantom but this game, Wildlands its pertty great!"
76561198117467017,Recommended,460930,30425059,Posted: 10 March,all,SEAN!,really fun game would defo recomend it
,Not Recommended,460930,30485489,Posted: 12 March,all,rickyp123,"Crashes...a lot. I seriously can't even get through trying to grab intel from a site without it crashing. Game looks great, and the gameplay is pretty decent - but I can't recommend until I can actually play the flipping game.i7-7700K, 32 GB RAM, SSD, GTX 1070"
,Not Recommended,460930,30973925,Posted: 5 April,all,Spooky Mr. Giraffe,"Its hard to recommend this game since after you get into the game for a while (mostly solo for me, Im lonely) it get repetitive, for example you drone location then you kill then do the objective over and over. wish i could love this game but its Ubisoft that disappoints me again."
76561198025148334,Not Recommended,460930,31051189,Posted: 9 April,all,shadowsoldier hellcase.com,"I loved this game at first. It was crazy fun, and you could do a lot with friends. However, as I played more I realized all the bugs in the game. It truly felt unfinished and terrible. The driving mechanics are byfar the worst I have ever used, and there really is no way to pass a mission if you just want to breeze. The game says that it was meant to be choice, but really it is just a stealth game. Then when there is a gun blazing mission, it is unbalanced and not fun. Honestly, this needs to be patched, right now it is a horrible game even with friends."
76561198103634821,Not Recommended,460930,31760372,Posted: 14 May,all,Hisoka,Lost my savegame after 8 hours. Thanks Ubisoft for this♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Not Recommended,460930,30484784,Posted: 12 March,all,BekKen,"As many others says, it sux because it not start on my Win 10 box with i7-6700HQ, 16GB RAM, GTX960 2GB, 512SSD.Time to refund."
76561198325131156,Not Recommended,460930,30975693,Posted: 6 April,all,preloff81,"I would say is a good game with a large map and good graphics, but missing still details of professionalism. Artificial intelligece is just dumb, should be harder, mafia could be more intelligente better listening way more agresivity etc. When u drive plane and u cracked over land, you dont die, even I quit helicopter in fire without die. As well shoots to particular part of body should affect u differently. I think GTA 5 has way more details, you die inmediatly in car when u crash it, or in plane..and TOTAL ♥♥♥♥ED UP is UPLAY, THIS WAS MY LAST GAME I BOUGHT FROM UBISOFT with UPLAY.I recommend you guys say them ♥♥♥♥ off, uplay doesn't belong into gaming world now, just sucks, there simply another excellent games to buy without ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198139265117,Not Recommended,460930,30990616,Posted: 6 April,all,The Fallen Angel Cypher,"Awesome ♥♥♥♥in game, got the season pass and everything, but now i cant play the damn thing because of the ♥♥♥♥in cheat service. It will not load up then tell me im missing file permissions. And why the ♥♥♥♥ is there a cheat service when its a PVE game? Who cheats in a PVE game? Ubisoft fix your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this is rediculous."
76561198001341834,Not Recommended,460930,31008241,Posted: 7 April,all,ecbrookie,"This Game had a lot of potential. If you just need something new to play then i suggest trying this game when it is on sale. Otherwise, steer clear. Big waste of money. Horrible game mechanics, poor AI, nearly impossible to sneak and stealth through a mission.But if you need a new shooter then get it on sale and leroy jenkins your way through the online portion, that is the best part of the whole game, train-wrecking missions."
76561198068106858,Not Recommended,460930,31008688,Posted: 7 April,all,Commander Pedo,"Okay here comes the faults of this game that most of the other steam reviews avoided talking about but I'll start with the pros since this game is not a bad game per say infact it is a good game just not a great game.Pro's-Great graphics (if your pc can handle it)-okay sound_the first 5-10 hours are a blast because the missions are so varied, however after the 10 hour mark the missions are just slightly modified versions of the missions you encountered before.-Great stealth mechanics (I liked flying the drone around)-Makes you feel like a real special forces guy busting drug dens and what not-Okay Driving but vehicles are not varied-Cons-After the first 10 hours most of the missions are repetitive-makes you do ""supply missions"" which are all the same (its either attack this convoy that is being escorted by three carsor steal this helicopter/plane from 5 people guarding it)-The multiple ways to approach a mission mechanic that was being advertised basically dumb downs to either killing the people guarding whatever you are trying to get stealthily or going loud which removes immersion as you can basically shoot a helicopter with an assault rifle and it will explode.-Some missions even force you to do only stealth as if you are detected you will lose the mission-The story is not very good it basically dumbs down to this there is are four drug dealers who are called buchons then there is the one that controlls them he/she is called a underboss who is in turn controlled by the operation head. You need to do five missions to flush out a buchon. You need to kill two buchons to get to the underboss then you have to kill four buchons to get to the operation head then you need to kill two operation heads to get to the boss of the whole thing. Once you kill the boss congrats you won the game. (as you can guess the missions get really repetitive)"
76561198040381480,Not Recommended,460930,31046726,Posted: 9 April,all,greebster,"Refunded.Had frequent crashes for reasons I could not fathom. The game looked nice, however I never had a long enough play session on it to find out if I truly liked it or not.No doubt the problems I had with the game were only affecting a small portion of the playerbase. I suggest that if people want to try the game to see if it works for them, then go ahead an buy it, but if you start to notice problems as you enter into the game, try to keep an eye on your playtime as refunds are only allowed if the user has played (I think, but don't quote me on this) 30 hours or less."
76561198114262864,Recommended,460930,30649874,Posted: 21 March,all,and2277,opened gamewent to farm with friendkilled everyone in sightlook for tractorturn around get run over by tractor10/10 would get run over again
,Recommended,460930,30479600,Posted: 12 March,all,Zandzy xd,"It's extremely fun with friends, as a solo game the Ai's are op allowing for a fun and easy time for completionists to finish. I like it."
76561198334271879,Recommended,460930,30729597,Posted: 25 March,all,O L L Y,"fun game, lots of content, lengthy game"
,Recommended,460930,30732507,Posted: 25 March,all,windir,"Here's my honest opinion on Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® - Wildlands.I believe that this game is really fun, there are some things that I wish I could change.Overall, I do not know if this game is completely worth 60$, but I would definitely pick this up for 40$.One big con with this game is that there is no way to go back to a checkpoint if you get caught.I personally love to stealth missions, and having to constantly throw 'nades at the ground in order to restart from the checkpoint is annoying.The combat system is not bad, however I wish there was a way to zoom out a bit more on the character.I personally haven't gotten bored of the game despite people saying it gets repetetive, which is true, but it doesn't really bother me.If you are an avid Tom Clancy game player, this fits right in with the rest. They are a bit repetetive, but give purpose to grinding in order to get better stuff, and in the end you still have things to do as well which makes it fun.Overall I do suggest this game."
76561198066360702,Not Recommended,460930,33326222,Posted: 6 July,all,Hitler,"Its fun but NOT worth the price tag. The whole map is the same. The missions are the same, After about an hour and a half of playing, you can go ahead and stop because theres nothing new after that. If you can get it on sale then its worth but other than that stay away."
76561198164570184,Recommended,460930,30627528,Posted: 19 March,all,HORROR OF SCREAMS,"Dear, Developers/Creators this game is super fun like the detail the art style and of course THE GUNS AND WEAPONS AND GRENADES the game reminds me of just cause 3 though of the rebels ( no offense ) the game is cool of the rides and i heard there are 60 rides in the game which is cool though checked the choppers and they seemed cool as well. The game is much better than the other ghost recon games because it's free roam like you could go anywhere in the game of course and go to different districts and so on. Just want to let you know about how i liked the work you put into it and stuff like that, The games from here on are getting better and better each year and probably the graphics will be super cool in 2020 and as each year goes by on which each set of material of props and ground level it will be fantastic each year. Thanks for the game  you made and all the hard work you've done i really accept your work and remember GAMES ARE ALWAYS GETTING BETTER EACH YEAR, DAY, AND ALSO HOURS."
76561198170077106,Recommended,460930,30628053,Posted: 19 March,all,Crespy Cream Donuts,10/10
76561198315117448,Recommended,460930,30479287,Posted: 12 March,all,Leapinglizard101,LOVE IT SOOOO WORTH IT!!!
,Recommended,460930,31611147,Posted: 7 May,all,13ushwacker,"I generally like First Person Shooter (FPS) games above all, and that hasn't changed. In my book, there hasn't been at third person shooter (TPS) that wouldn't have been better in first person. FPS is just more immersive, period. With that in mind I do enjoy Wildlands for it sniper/stealth vibe since that is my play style anyway. The one thing third person games do wrong when they add in first person sights is to use too narrow a field of view on the first person view. It would be a lot better if the blew it out to 100 degrees or so. As it is it is functional but a wider field would help when clearing a room for instance with the gun up.Overall, though I enjoy the game a good bit playing mainly a solo campaign. I love that they included bullet drop in the game. Most of the gripes are about the aircraft. I have to agree. I finally figured out the helicopter regime, which is very non-intuitive. But, once you understand it is based on how controllers are manipulated it makes sense. I am an old keyboard and mouse man, it's just better. It is a simplistic flight model but it serves to get you to the fight which is what this game is about.The fight. The weapons selection is decent. I tend to stick with the G3 and M40 combo. The TP motion of the character is one of the best I have seen. It almost feels first person and there is not much third person fiddliness that som many games have. The friendly AI's are surprisingly good and don't get you into trouble, much. You still have to manage them from time to time but much less than other TPS games. The enemy AI's are not impressive, kind of stupid actually. Would have liked to have seen that done better.Overall, a fun game that I will play for longer than I did Metal Gear V. MGV was good but all the home base baby sitting turned me off. This game doesn't have that thank goodness. So, if your expectations are for a good fight and enough vehicle to get you there, Wildlands is a good choice. If you blast through the story without doing the side missions and extra curricular stuff you will be disappointed. Don't do that, fully enjoy the journey and you will have fun."
,Not Recommended,460930,34040492,Posted: 5 August,all,Honeybadger,just aweful aweful game...
,Not Recommended,460930,30598773,Posted: 18 March,all,G•H•O•S•T,No...just don't buy it if you want to play solo.If you have friends to play with get it.
76561198329593010,Recommended,460930,31721677,Posted: 13 May,all,✪ Theosmush cs.money,look very realistik
,Recommended,460930,30576113,Posted: 17 March,all,The Ben,"Great game, but the end was not the best."
,Recommended,460930,31658540,Posted: 9 May,all,Luv Smokey,"VERY VERY FUN GAME!!!!! I mostly play by myself in this game b/c my friends usally mess me up lol. Also it's NOT boring AT ALL to play alone in this game. GTA 5 campaign was boring, but his is fun!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30375003,Posted: 7 March,all,Dexx,"Having mad problems with Xbox One controller support, and general issue even when using mouse and keyboard of the mouse popping out of controlling the game and to controlling the OS, so when I click back in, i fire my gun, often locating me for enemies. Please fix."
,Recommended,460930,34813737,Posted: 8 September,all,r2jay,it has good storyline. and it is quite fun to play.it is really good for time killing.like when i start playing it.. i realise myself that it is already coupld of hours passed.!
76561198271667764,Recommended,460930,32516593,Posted: 17 June,all,the flash,"9/10 game from ubisoft. gun customization could have been more deeper like future soldier but over all excellent game. the skill points, the weaponsmith the open world, collection of parts and new guns. all good concept. but the world is too big. after collecting many many parts and weapons it becomes a little redundant. the world is too big for this game."
,Not Recommended,460930,34873454,Posted: 10 September,all,TheAnonymousThomas,"Game doesn't even launch, graphics are amazing, gameplay repetitive even one hour in."
,Recommended,460930,30501730,Posted: 13 March,all,Gnomey,"Not nearly as bad as all the big time guys say it is, sure its buggy, but thats half the fun. Great game for solo play and even better game for hardcore friends co-op. Tons of weapon choices, yea you have to either find them or buy them, but that makes a mission out of it. Cars could be better, driving is a bit off but the qwerky driving is still part of the fun. Helis are 8/10, planes a solid 6.5/10. The option and sometimes requirement of stealth is quite difficult at times. Granted the story isnt in depth but who cares? Blow s*** up and have a blast while doing so."
,Recommended,460930,30411849,Posted: 9 March,all,Ra_,ubishit released another bad game with it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥ p2p and expensive dlc that you can't even play the game withour buying and the game looks too good to run way to go ubishit badgame can't even have fun with my friends in it because I don't have any friends
,Recommended,460930,30689317,Posted: 23 March,all,AbstraK,Not bad
76561198071353409,Recommended,460930,30621069,Posted: 19 March,all,Fantastic Plastic,"You're basically a terrorist. Yes this is being a terrorist the simulator. It's a lot of fun with friends, fun enough to make you overlook the bugs and bad acting. The story is contrived drivel about a narco-state that's at some point gets too stupid to take seriously. Racist stereotypes about Mexicans and Bolivians abound, whoever wrote these offensive caricatures need to get fired at Ubisoft. I want to give it a negative review but i honestly had fun playing, so whatever."
,Recommended,460930,30491319,Posted: 13 March,all,WighNest,Gameplay:+ Character customisation+ Weapon customisation+ Cool Landscapes- Vechile EnginePreformence:I have a gtx 1080 so its cool for me.But my freind have a 780 and can still run it over 60 fps with medium settings.
,Recommended,460930,30491180,Posted: 13 March,all,Darth Chode,"This game is amazing, it took me over 39 hours to beat."
,Not Recommended,460930,30859651,Posted: 31 March,all,^ea†er^,"Very Good Game, Some of the Best Open World Enviorment, Good AI. unbeliveable graphics.asus rog strix i7 6700 1070gtx 8gb runs game maxxed out on laptop. very nice....XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXUPDATE Ruins game flow......"
,Recommended,460930,30687409,Posted: 23 March,all,brier,dope af
76561198261519524,Recommended,460930,33234607,Posted: 4 July,all,Mahdi-021,hi i don't have english languege in my game pls help me
76561197971996374,Not Recommended,460930,31224343,Posted: 18 April,all,Wormster,Could be a really good game but you can encounter bugs that will stop your progress in the game completely.The dlc is basicly Saints Row.... :(
76561198166175991,Not Recommended,460930,30826348,Posted: 29 March,all,The King of Spades,"Awesome base game. Terrible DLC and ingame store content. Narco road is awful. I fear for the future of this game. I thought this was Ghost Recon? We all figured it would be gritty, deadly, beautiful warfare. If you like Realistic Gear and Camouflage similar to Arma then i fear this is not where you want to be. If you think GTA or Saints Row in Bolivia is a good thing, With flower power camo weapons and Hello Kitty outfits, then this game is perfect for you."
76561198118305680,Not Recommended,460930,32417556,Posted: 14 June,all,s.bucher2,Tired of getting shot up because the vehicle drop-off does not show up on the map.What is the point if the vehicle is a mile away.
76561198054298348,Not Recommended,460930,30562291,Posted: 16 March,all,smiles.inc.0689,this game has a lot of missing world and vehicle interaction and is not as realistic as say battlefeild awsome concept game but missed the mark.
76561198086031991,Not Recommended,460930,30496682,Posted: 13 March,all,skumleren,"Ubisoft version of GTA, sad."
,Not Recommended,460930,30520081,Posted: 14 March,all,Shadow Wolf813,"The game's story is decent most of the way through, however the resource management and gun upgrade system is extremely tedious. There are also numerous performance issues, the most common of which is horrible stutter lasting anywhere from one to twenty seconds. Anyways you may have noticed my use of the wording ""most of the way"" regarding the story. Well this is mostly due to what I viewed as lazy writing towards the end of the game as well as the endings themselves. There are two endings to the game, both of which are mediocre at best. These endings depend on your progress as you can get the ""bad"" ending while only having completed half of the game. Yes you unlock the final mission halfway through the game... nice. One bit that I found particularly annoying about this is that even if you have met the completion requirement for the ""good"" ending you will still get the ""bad"" ending. Upon doing so the game will NOW give you the option of the ""good"" ending so long as you're willing to replay the final mission which believe me is not the most enjoyable. Even then the entire mission is exactly the same up until about halfway through the final cutscene and is less than satisfying. If you're desperate for something decent to play and aren't concerned with spending the money, then sure go for it. If you are on the fence, I don't recommend.Afterthought: +1 for base jumping and parachuting"
,Not Recommended,460930,30566809,Posted: 17 March,all,OviLex Soft,"Excellent graphics, awful physics and gameplay WTF!"
,Recommended,460930,30422394,Posted: 10 March,all,Fisherrr,Fun game!
,Recommended,460930,31908750,Posted: 22 May,all,Pixelica,"Great fun game, I played it solo btw. You won't need friend to enjoy the game. Few bugs or glitch here and there but no game breaking one.Surprisingly enough, this one Ubisoft tittle I could recommend to buy this on full price or discount, doesn't matter, this game will worth your money.BUT!!!! Just don't buy the season pass or Narco Road DLC, it's lame and stupid."
,Not Recommended,460930,30456614,Posted: 11 March,all,Ventus,"Fun game. Its Division but in open world with heli's and cars.Conclusion: Doesn't jusity its own AAA price and promise. Great short term fun on a short lease.Pros:-Open World. Very pretty, Large and with enough diverse biomes to be interesting.-Has Llamas, some of which are shaved. Also has 'King Llama t-shirt"" wearable by PC-Weapon and Character customization. Can change parts and colors of pretty much any gun and clothing/gear.-Supports gun-ho or sneaky-sneaky play styles.-Progression is fast. XP and Resources and Skills are abundant, letting you get to your play style quickly-Co-op gameplayCons:-Horrid optimization. Plagued with crash to desktop and constant in-game pauses (GTX980, i5, more than twice recommend)-AI is generally bad. Even on the hardest difficulty, the challege is down to what I call ""console gamer"" difficulty.-In game bugs. Unrelated to running the game, some game mechanics are just buggy (drone use stuck in vehicle, heli call-ins always spawning away from you and your half acre field to spawn next to trees (thus unusable). Also bugged side missions (Heli steal in Tabacal). Glaringly obvious things that shouldn't have made it through QA if tested at all.-Game spoilers in its own story line. Zones are rated with skulls for difficulty, 1 to 5. While doing all the 1s, then 2s, then 3s, the game will routinely spoil its own story and there is no way to determine what order to complete content so you can avoid this (e.g. Death of major character was told several times in zones before I got the mission to go extract him only to... surprise!, find out he is dead.)-Seems to have zero replay value.-Minor: Skills are poorly explained (e.g. squad bonuses in co-op, tooltip written by someone with questionable grasp of english language.)-Only 1 character/campaign play allowed (multiple PCs would shake things up or allow one to play with friends w/o ruining their solo play or being more advanced than friends)-Death is meaningless. Needs to be incentive beyond ""run in, grab it, then die"" to live through events other than main story quests.Would have recommend this had I not had to experience the opening weeks of crappy execution/hotfixes, etc (closed beta was fine).I would recommend this to anyone confident that Ubi's Technical abilities will iron things out.This is an update of an original review that did not recommend at the time due to unplayable nature of the game. It was 7/12 helpful."
,Not Recommended,460930,32906533,Posted: 27 June,all,facebook.com/KBCSensei,GG Potatosoft!!
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,460930,31524205,Posted: 3 May,all,Intrepid,This is a great game that's a lot of fun.  But is on v3 now and it still crashing ALL the time.  I have an Alienware x51 r2 using a Nvidia 760Ti w/ the latest drivers and the lowest possible graphics settings.
76561198004928954,Recommended,460930,33916851,Posted: 30 July,all,Futaci,"Really fun. The AI is garbage with regards to agents on your side, but other than that solo play is fun. Haven't tried multiplayer, but having a blast in the campaign."
,Recommended,460930,35246927,Posted: 27 September,all,Ip Man,♥♥♥♥♥est game ever
76561198329428400,Recommended,460930,34792443,Posted: 7 September,all,orangeblack,"this game is very good,but how to buy GRCredit in indonesian ?"
,Recommended,460930,33695800,Posted: 21 July,all,SID -iwl-,nice game
76561198050738402,Recommended,460930,33551986,Posted: 14 July,all,Audiman1978,This game rule's
,Recommended,460930,33889578,Posted: 29 July,all,kAz0r,Awesome
76561198079957196,Recommended,460930,33882854,Posted: 29 July,all,Max,"This is the first game I payed for full price after the free Beta, It's the most beautifull merge of GR and Farcry so far, Im only sad it isnt longer, clearing the bases is repetetive, but they are in different inviroments and layouts so that helps"
76561198398861157,Recommended,460930,34452316,Posted: 23 August,all,roadragemotors,tons of fun
,Recommended,460930,30417764,Posted: 9 March,all,armymdic,"If you liked The DIvision, you will love this game. It feels like they learned their lessons from some shortfalls in Division and made them better in this game. It is a ton of fun and well worth the buy."
76561198011963956,Recommended,460930,30417814,Posted: 9 March,all,MiddleEastIntoGlass,"Good game, Slightly ehh. But thats Ubisoft for you. Good job Ubisoft 8/10"
,Recommended,460930,34623680,Posted: 30 August,all,Sp00ky Ty,If your looking for a military style tactical shooter than this game is for you. If you want to have an arcade style shooter and follow along with a fairly detailed and interesting story this game will satisfy you needs. This game can also be played as realistic tactical shooter with stunning graphics(on higher end systems) when playing on the extreme diffculty and playing in tier mode. I find the challenge of the increased difficulty to be one of the main factors why I enjoy this game as much as I do. Overall the game is well made and will bring you tons of enjoyment if you're into military/shooter games.
76561198051197614,Recommended,460930,30418003,Posted: 9 March,all,Professor Deadles,"Is good game, 10/10 would Ghost again"
76561198287454288,Recommended,460930,33886301,Posted: 29 July,all,Night Owl,"Good Games, I hope more players to play this game"
76561198033504728,Recommended,460930,33914921,Posted: 30 July,all,Slow_AleX,"Pretty good game, gives you tons of options to do what you want. However it gets old pretty quickly since the majority of the missions are just like ""go there, kill them and get to this computer for intel"". Highly recommend playing the game with 3 friends and try the hardest setting, it defenitly makes the game more fun than playing alone with AI."
,Recommended,460930,34623944,Posted: 30 August,all,Tosty6,to be honest me review is kinda mixed cuz you can get the to with to a base but no the helicopter just has to glich out and blow up but the game is very realistic well kinda realistic you can go guns blazing a mission or go stealthy also they i sugest to play the game with freinds so you dont get bored i was laughing likw hell playing with my freinds sooooooo yeah i dont know if this is a review but i give it 8/10 stars
76561198046701135,Recommended,460930,31703018,Posted: 12 May,all,Eihe_88,best game from ubi
,Recommended,460930,33849410,Posted: 27 July,all,CanadianMemeImporter.,"So good, Even runs on lower end pc's. Graphics are insane, Love how the bullet drops over distance, its awesome to watch the bullet fly and connect with an enemy at a great distance away. Story is good also, The closed beta is fun too."
76561198044523128,Recommended,460930,34430217,Posted: 22 August,all,FakeFireman,i like it .
,Recommended,460930,30418272,Posted: 9 March,all,William Shakesman,"""Man, wouldn't it be cool to have a big open world game where you can be a tacticool operator in an entire country?""""What about ARMA?""""I'm not autistic.""""Okay, how about MGS5:TPP?""""I'd prefer something that doesn't have garbage level design or mobile game tier grind.""""HEY FOLKS UBISOFT HERE WE GOT U COVERED""Ghost Recon Wildlands is a big, beautiful open world game that runs surprisingly well. You drive, fly, and fast travel through a massive, surprisingly detailed open world (Especially compared to MGS5's terrible open world, the terrain here is surprisingly varied, despite there being nothing to find.) to various outposts and missions. You are almost always parking outside the area, scanning for enemies, tagging them (If you choose not to disable tags.), scouting with a UAV, and then crouch-walking in all tacticool style, hugging cover, triple-tapping narcodudes with your silenced guns, and then once everyone is down you walk through the town and mop up all the usual Ubisoft collectibles. Lethality is high, enemies die fast, you die faster (But can be revived once per fight by your buddies), and your AI buddies never die because they are immune to streams of fire that will instantly kill you if you charge like they do.The gunplay works, the AI isn't bad. The vehicles are a little eh but certainly nothing game-breaking. It's really a simple, effective gameplay loop. Like Far Cry, you can also turn off a lot of the game's help functions. Don't want ""HES ABOUT TO SEE YOU"" cones or marking people so you can see them through walls? Gone. No minimap? Gone. No allies? Just order them to hold position away and operate all on your lonesome. Difficulties? You got from ez to full on tacticool. And can change them at any time. Want to operate as a pretty girl instead* or start anew? Three save files, bro. Want to operate with your bros? It can field 4 in bro-op, too.**There's nothing about this game that's gonna blow your socks off, but it's good stuff. About the only shakeup is the Unidad soldiers. They're a tougher, better armored enemy faction that, if you get caught in a firefight with them, they will call for ever increasing amounts of backup until you can escape the zone without them seeing you. But beside that, it feels a lot like a better balanced Future Soldier without the tech gimmicks and gone full Far Cry style open world.Tacticool dressup is back from Division, and while it isn't quite the excitement of collecting 50 different styles of hoodies and pants, there is still a lot of options on offer to operate in whatever suit you like. Same with gun part swapping.That said, what is absolutely NOT here is anything really supplementing actual tactics. Other than marking dudes with a drone and using a ""sync shot"" super move that recharges on a timer, any milsim tactics like minute careful squad orders just aren't on offer here. So remember, in the end it is a high-lethality, stealth focused shooter a bit more than anything that counts as milsim.It's easy to sell Wildlands short. It's ""just"" a big sandbox combat game with you sneaking into and clearing out enemy outposts constantly. It's ""just"" another Ubi collectathon with usual Ubi graphical polish. And... those are true. There's not a huge hook here, but the component parts are quite strong and this game is absolutely worth a look if you like the sound of it.*NB You can't operate as Captain Bruce Jenner and change into a girl or a dude at will. You only get one crack at the character generator, sadly.**I lied. You can't turn off the sound cue when an enemy is beginning to see you, nor can you turn off AI chatter when you are about to wheel up on an enemy zone. That chatter is not so bad, the game world is basically set up with empty terrain and periodic outposts, so some hint of where the game world goes from nothing to gameplay is not a bad thing."
,Not Recommended,460930,30405761,Posted: 9 March,all,Nijo,"Update: If you disagree with my opinion, then don't get upset.Beautiful graphics (over 60fps on Ultra very nicely optimised). Shame the rest of the game has no soul. 3/10 Refunded. There are much better open world games out there (even the other Ubi open worlds are better!)Sadly I did not play the beta so bought this as a gamble, but I preferred the short lived Ghost Recon Future Solider over this.The Story: Rubbish. Rather than take notes from Breaking Bad on compelling Drug Dealers, the enemies in this are as wooden as the in game trees (did I mention the graphics are great?). I get an average character creation menu, but if I play solo I don't get to choose the appearance of my dull squadmates, who insisted on telling crappy stories as we wandered aimlessly from objective to objective. And if you insist on playing the game, always turn off the car radio.Gameplay: The gameplay is dull on solo, worse than other Ubi games. Go play a Military sim or Stealth game like MGS if you want better gameplay.Oh and there's a store with Micro Transactions! Woo.EDIT: One slight annoying thing with the graphics were the physics for power lines. For some reason they were freaking out.Also a bug with the character creation meant I couldn't see my character, at least wait to buy when all of these are fixed."
,Not Recommended,460930,30398817,Posted: 8 March,all,Whiskey-Papa,"TL;DR - Good idea and a pretty game, bad AI is bad.  3.5/10 - Would not get stuck in the Wildlands again.-The game seems like it should be great. The concept is EVERYTHING i'm looking for now but it was not executed well.I was hoping for something between the first Assassins Creed and Skyrim. Large cities and lots of exploration. Maybe pick up loot, visit markets for gear. Kill someone and pick up the gear to sell it for more money to buy different kits.That is not what we got. This game plays like the first Mercenarys game. its not bad thing, but i think people will expect more from it.There is little depth and the AI being this bad... is unforgivable.Pros:SandboxLarge EnvironmentGood GraphicsCons:Poor Charcter Development (cant even tell your team mates voices apart and you never even meet them... they are just... there)Drains System Resources (even on top end rigs)On lower rigs, Cut scenes are EXTREMELY laggyAlly AI is Unresponsive and Takes no initiative. (BAD AI)Enemy AI is F***ING AWEFULGround Vehicle handling is very difficult with keyboardNo jump (get stuck on objects VERY easily)Cover shooting is not done well. Very little control of sticking to cover.No ability to command fire team to preform any flanking action or even to stick closer or spread out. Very little Team Dynamics. Especially when this is supposed to be about an extremely effective team."
76561198188155970,Not Recommended,460930,30406612,Posted: 9 March,all,wickedwales,"again, another server dissapointment from ubisoft. why do i contiunously fall for the hype of games that ubisoft makes when they cant even keep the division, or siege servers up to date....."
,Not Recommended,460930,31433700,Posted: 29 April,all,AXE to the FACE,"Boring.  Boring gameplay - slow.  Boring dialogue - uninspired.  Boring story - cliche now.  Every Far Cry game did it, Just Cause did it... assist the revolution!  Take down the tyrant!  Yawn.It's like a less fun Far Cry 4, despite being heavily influenced by that game.  On the bright side, you can skip the cut scenes in this game."
,Not Recommended,460930,30370151,Posted: 7 March,all,lilkillpappy,"graphics are poorly optimized for PC. Even if you have high FPS the game still stutters and causes mouse to drag. I have GTX 1070 and even on medium this game still hurts your eyes. Nvidia does not seem to be releasing drivers for this game for some reason. Too many other great games just came out and are coming out soon. This game is not worth it. Save your money!!update:20 hours on open beta and 10 more hours after release and I can say definitively that this game is No Man's Sky 2.0 Huge open world, tech demo, full of extremely limited repetetive tasks. Everyone keeps say that it is better with multiplayer, well, so is every game ever made."
76561198345782496,Recommended,460930,30369479,Posted: 7 March,all,AbsolutelyAGod,"Amazing game, recomend to anyone who loves shooters"
,Recommended,460930,30368063,Posted: 6 March,all,Twothermal,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: WildlandsGRW: Wildlands is a new game in the Ghost Recon franchise of games by Tom Clancy which has been developed by Ubisoft Paris as has been developed for PS4, Xbox One and PC.Furthermore PC gamers will be able to play the game from Uplay or via Steam utilizing Uplay.GRW: Wildlands is a open world action shooter set in fictional Bolivia and is the first Ghost Recon game to feature a fully open world environment as well as being the biggest open world experience they have ever created.The open world experience will allow players to explore a wide variety of different terrains such as mountains, desert areas, forests and other terrains with a full day and night cycle complimented with various weather effects.Furthermore players will have a variety of land, sea and air vehicles at their disposal to traverse this massive open world, this is one of the selling points as Ubisoft captures the open world experience very well and players will be kept enticed while explore the vast open world of the ""Wildlands""GRW: Wildlands provides players with the option of playing solo with three AI controlled team mates fully at your disposal with various order options or you can opt to play with up to three of your friends in co-op, either way you will be able to fully enjoy the full experience.The game also offers a variety of difficulty levels for those who wish to have a more immersive and challenging experience. This will directly affect your gameplay experience as the higher the difficulty the more challenging the AI becomes ensuring that you rely more on strategy than just running in guns blazing.Players can also acquire skill points and resources which are spread across the open world which will allow you to upgrade a wide variety of skills to help you take on the Wildlands as well as allowing you to upgrade your weapons to make you a worthy adversary.Gameplay mechanics are well implemented, however there is room for improvement when it comes to the vehicles as there is a very arcade feel has to how they handle and this becomes more prominent when playing the PC version with a mouse and keyboard.Nonetheless once you get the hang of it and are in the heat of battle, the arcade feeling mostly adds to the excitement.Players have a variety of story driven missions as well as side missions to keep them occupied. Missions can also be completed is various ways such as using a stealth approach which if done correctly by utilizing your various gadgets can be very fulfilling or you can choose to bombard them with various vehicles equipped with machine guns or rocket launchers.You can even strategically flak your targets with your team mates and hit them hard from all sides, whatever your choice it will leave you satisfied another thing that adds to the enjoyment is doing missions during the day or at night as each adds variety to the success or your mission as during the day you are easier spotted whereas at night you are a lot harder to be spotted.GRW: Wildlands offers stunning environments with gorgeous details especially with the dynamic weather effects and is graphically impressive across all three platforms. While PC gamers have more options to add to their gaming experience.Overall GRW: Wildlands offers a fun fulfilled experience and will keep you coming back for more, especially if you are playing with friends as it greatly enhances the whole gameplay experience.Don't let the fact that it's a new direction from previous Ghost Recon games in the sense that it's open world stop you from trying the game. It's an enjoyable experience and a break away from the normal Ghost Recon games which makes it a fresh and enjoyable experience which is different from Ubisoft's recent typical linear style games."
,Not Recommended,460930,32980039,Posted: 29 June,all,Ostarion,"My grandma is WWII veteran, she stepped on a mine and lost her leg. And even she runs better then this game..."
,Not Recommended,460930,30452485,Posted: 11 March,all,village_admin,"Keyboard remapping is limited. I can not reassign 'M' or use [Insert] [Home] [Page Up] [Page Down] [Del] or [End]. Also the [Enter] key is treated the same as the 10-key pad enter key. I use all of those keys as i hate playing AWSD and always use the arrows and 10-key pad. This makes the game unplayable for me. WTF is with the mentality of selectively blocking keys from being remapped? I paid $70 for this game, let me play it the way I like, not how the devs think i should enjoy it. I will refund this game until they allow all keys on *MY* keyboard to be used how *I* want."
76561198143618304,Not Recommended,460930,30482670,Posted: 12 March,all,Pumpk!n,meh gets boring after an hour
,Not Recommended,460930,31346428,Posted: 24 April,all,NKAY,Most repetetive game i've played.
,Not Recommended,460930,30529495,Posted: 15 March,all,Simon Maid,"include <Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands>;main(Ubisoft);Stupid vehicle system;Stupid  stealth system;Stupid AI system;int boring more time duplicate collection;Error:Not enough resources!;  /stupid collect with skill point/Error:Explosives detonating delay time;  /unknow bug/m0therfxxker air defense system;....printf:As you can see, i am so borning,so tired in same mision( more time is filed),i feel i be crazy.5/10"
76561198201854837,Recommended,460930,30370919,Posted: 7 March,all,Jeff2714,"Pros: Fun multiplayer with friends, great graphics, large mapCons: Why the hell is my i7 6700/gtx 1060 3gb can barely run this at 60 fps on very high settings, lets just say yes it runs smooth at the start but when it lags a lil bit it suddenly stays under 45 fps what in the ♥♥♥♥ ! there's no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥way my i7 6700/ gtx 1060 3gb with 8gb ram will struggle to run such game. i run every game just fine but this? oh man i need♥♥♥♥♥♥♥answers. right fkin now"
,Not Recommended,460930,33240817,Posted: 4 July,all,Scruffy the Moose,"Terrible game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥, unoriginal story with no real content or character development.The gameplay is clunky and unbearable. I had to stop playing because everything was so broken and overall just plain bad.I can't believe I payed for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do yourself a favor and do not buy it."
76561198039297263,Not Recommended,460930,30432743,Posted: 10 March,all,1101001011,"Once again Ubisoft publishes a work-in-progress.First the problems with strict NAT. We had to use Hamachi to be able to play together. Same as R6 Siege.Numerous other bugs and glitches such as:- teleporting enemies, cars and teammates- drone and binoculars not working- freezing when entering vehicles- invisible/invunerable enemies- player hovering in air- C4 exploding without detonation- enemies shooting through walls- enemies spawning in front of you out of thin air- kicked from server by EAC without any form of cheating- I could go on with theseIt's like a super beautiful young blonde with all the available STDs and messed up personality. Looks amazing but take my advice and avoid at all costs."
76561198069671735,Not Recommended,460930,30461901,Posted: 11 March,all,JuanCheesy,"Decent game. Fun to play at first, until you starting getting annoyed by the ammount of bugs, bad AI, and no pratical way to kill helicopters. It just does not play like a finished game."
,Not Recommended,460930,30733925,Posted: 25 March,all,Recovering Lyrium Addict,It's got♥♥♥♥♥♥writing and♥♥♥♥♥♥voice acting.  The mission design is pretty much atrocious.  Vehicles handle absolutely terribly and the map is big and boringOnly would really recommend if you have buddies to play with.
,Not Recommended,460930,30450775,Posted: 11 March,all,Biohazard,"It's fun when it works. It's Ubisoft so you get to play like 20min then it crashes on you. I have an i7 and GTX 970, so this is unacceptable."
76561198082930779,Not Recommended,460930,31331244,Posted: 23 April,all,Mjk,"Boring as sin. Stick to GTA or Just Cause, theyre the exact same game with 10 times the content."
76561197993670604,Not Recommended,460930,30971261,Posted: 5 April,all,Dat5OH,Dont buy it. This game does nothing but crash.
,Recommended,460930,30402949,Posted: 8 March,all,Selkon Angelo,For anyone who wanted Metal Gear Solid 5 to be coop this is a great game to kinda fill that need. Also U can make Big Boss basically lol
,Not Recommended,460930,30401049,Posted: 8 March,all,PsyoniX,"Save money, play Just Cause 3, much more fun than this.  Also, performance drops to crap on 5760x1080."
76561198249203126,Recommended,460930,30373518,Posted: 7 March,all,ashay1994,its chill.
76561197972278924,Not Recommended,460930,30528269,Posted: 15 March,all,Deicide666ra,"The game is good overall, but it is overpriced. There are many bugs and issues that are just mind numbing for a game of that price, namely:- Delay between bullets of the fire-rate of automatic weapons is applied before the first shot. This means slow weapons (ie: the AK) will have fire lag on the first shot of any burst.- AI team mates are terrible, they can spot AND shoot targets without having line of sight with them... and if they have an enemy passing right next to their face they don't shoot it. The AI enemies are about just as dumb.- The graphics are pretty low key for a 2017 game. I don't run at ultra because I don't have the hardware for it, but still, I have so many games that blow this out of the water graphically at the same FPS on my comp.- There's a very generic/deja-vu feel to it all, feels like they simply reskined FarCry and called it GhostRecon.- Helicopter and airplane controls are the most terrible in PC gaming history.I'll be a good boy and post the good sides:- The open world/map is huge and well detailed, diverse, they did this well- Alarms calling in extra squads that arrive by heli/car is a nice touch, it feels natural/organic- The weapon customization system is beyond amazing, weapons are broken down into about 15 sub-systems which can be swapped and reassembled for a weapon that suits the job or your style perfectly- There is A LOT of things to do and you don't need to follow the main mission. You can just steal any vehicle, roam around, park somewhere and get some action wherever.- Lots of videos, discussions, chatter on radio, random comments/stories from AI teammate, the game feels alive and well fleshed out- Mounted miniguns on trucks are lots of fun when driving around.. Unless you're on the receiving end of course.- Unidad vs Sicario forces are very different in tactics, equipment, etc. providing two significantly different levels of difficulties when doing random missions- Stealth works well (a bit too well). You can do missions totally undetected by cherry picking targets.. Or go in guns blazing (good luck with that).So I'm really on the fence about recommending it in it's current state. The game is fun and nice, but there are some pretty big issues with it (I'm guessing some/most will be fixed eventually). Overall though, even if it had no bug, the price tag is pretty steep for what it is... The add insult to injury on that front, they have an in-game store where you can spend tons of money on items you can not get otherwise. Granted, none of them are necessary, but still, at that price tag it's a bit early to shove paid content down our throats. Too soon? I'd be fine with a new weapons DLC pack 6 months from now, but paid stuff on release day on a 80$ game?I'm tagging it as not recommended for now because of all this... but it's still a good game."
76561198007974616,Not Recommended,460930,31930469,Posted: 24 May,all,clipped_wolf,"This is a re-skin of Farcry with poor squad mechanics.  That shouldn't be a suprise.  I beat the game before I deleted it, I even tried for the ""good ending""; I failed, then realized I didn't care.  The A.I. feels similtaneously dumber for the orignal 2001 game's enemies, and superhuman omniscient.  The single player game was a grind.  I got the game on sale.  Anyway, I'm contemplating playing the original games to get the bad taste out of my mouth."
,Not Recommended,460930,32114986,Posted: 1 June,all,PhantomPillow,What a way to destory the Ghost Recon franchise.Terrible game
76561197970956188,Not Recommended,460930,30668718,Posted: 22 March,all,BeeJJ86,this is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,460930,30503582,Posted: 14 March,all,dc::..,"The gameplay is ordinary.  I had massive technical issues: crashes, freezing. At one point the game crashed my pc and then I wasn't able to launch it anymore bc it showed up as not installed...I requested a refund (to my steam wallet) and was denied.My experience was like buying a car. Then having to pay more money to unlock the the use of the radio and glove box.  7 hours after leaving the lot, the engine falls out. Followed by the dealer saying, to bad."
76561197971493561,Not Recommended,460930,30861884,Posted: 31 March,all,GearofWar,"Awful, another♥♥♥♥♥♥ubicrap game with no optimization.F.U. Ubicrap!"
76561198018452627,Not Recommended,460930,30492196,Posted: 13 March,all,Mr. Cookie,"Do not buy the Season pass. It is money down the drain. Would you expect to have all ingame items available if you buy a season pass for additional 30€? I did and man was I disapointed by Ubisoft. For all ingame weapons/ skins/ cosmetic stuff/ ... I would have to pay another 30€. So I would have to pay 110€ for the complete game. F*** that. Ubisoft just showed us again how much they care about us, not one bit. We are only soulless money bags for Ufail. I will never again pre order anything from them again, you won't get the full game anyway. F*** you Ufail and your money grab!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30412888,Posted: 9 March,all,Predict,"I dont know where to start reviewing this game. Its exactly what you think it will be. Great multi player, large map, many guns. Graphics are kinda good and bad. The story is awful. My concern when buying this game was it looks very repetitive, and the graphics look like just cause. Its kinda arcadish feel. If you're more of a arma or realistic type you'll dislike this game. I think its fun for few hours till i keep doing same things over and over."
,Not Recommended,460930,30393402,Posted: 8 March,all,Detergent MasterRace,Very disappointing it's just as same as beta with slower tecmap loading. It's like Farcry with 3rd Person mode. if you bored Farcry gameplay I don't recommend this gamei just refunded
76561198114244855,Not Recommended,460930,30393386,Posted: 8 March,all,Ekis #DEUS VULT,"too many bugs, just awfull"
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,460930,30394868,Posted: 8 March,all,Buzzerker,"I played the Beta to completion , bought the game , it took almost 40 minutes just to get through loading it, character creation to actually playing the game and then I saw that it was just like the Beta , just 20 GB more of it. Which isn't saying much. Like all the other people that have given negative reviews I refunded it for the same reasons. The game is pretty graphically , no denying that. I like the way weapons kill quickly instead of how they handled it in the Division , a game I wish I had never purchased. But the mechanics are arcadish , it's repetitive , unimaginative and I already have several games that do all that this one does better. Like GTAV , Just Cause 2, Although the weapons in Just Cause 2 aren't as good. FarCry 3 and 4. Pretty game but I've already got games just like it that are more polished. I hate the way the map in this game turns into a list of the cartel members when you zoom it all the way out. Whoever came up wtih that one was a real moron. I actually prefer Splinter Cell Blacklist to this game even though it's not as big. It was done better. I put 12 hours into the Beta so keep that in mind."
76561198059483097,Not Recommended,460930,30482622,Posted: 12 March,all,This Effin Guy!,this game is goddamn ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i cant play with my ♥♥♥♥ing friends because ubisoft is a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥if you want to play by yourself its great but if you want to play with friends go ♥♥♥♥ yourself because this is the only god damn game i cant play with friends
76561198018166439,Recommended,460930,30378771,Posted: 7 March,all,GriTtY_MeNaCe,So Far Its Sick its really good. The only thing is that they dont have the customization for all the flags in the world. :(
76561198010930893,Not Recommended,460930,31377951,Posted: 26 April,all,Sandsniper,"Boy they really screwed the pooch on this one. Where do I begin well one of my biggest peeves in gaming is not being able to jump FFS even mario could jump in donkey kong, and OH GOD the driving mechanics HORRIBLE, and then there is the respawn of the sams in the middle of a mission, I mean come on. the damage to vehicles absolutely horrible you hit a rock and the damn things ready to explode There are so many more issues I could delve into but frankly im done with this.  OH and i forgot to mention no matter what vehicle your in the enemy alwasy ALWAYS see's you ugh I had such high hopes for this and I am an Ubisoft fan but man i wasted 60 bucks on this it may not be much to some people but for me its A LOT.My rating 2 out of 5 stars."
76561198202987038,Not Recommended,460930,30402012,Posted: 8 March,all,TheJakeMan,ok so idk what is happening but this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ i have an i7-4790k with a 970 and i cant run this game for holy hell. i get fallout 4 at 60 fps with high settings no problem. this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing bad there is even a problem when i drive where everything freezes in the game but i can look around with my camera. and half the time im driving the road isnt even loaded in its just a ♥♥♥♥ing gray sqaure in the ground. and the driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥too idk what i just bought god help me.
76561198040263148,Not Recommended,460930,30666822,Posted: 22 March,all,Chief Queef,"I never write reviews but this game was terrible. Poor driving system, terrible graphics with high requirements. Ubisoft also have included this Easyanticheat product to try to deter cheaters.. All it does is affect people who purchase the game because the product is absolute trash and gets detected by anti-virus'."
76561198015970996,Not Recommended,460930,30421808,Posted: 9 March,all,NotBroothal,"Far Cry:GTAThis game is the unfortunate love child of Far Cry and GTA V. You drive (a lot). You listen to crappy radio.Listen - Ubisoft. The sniping is better in Sniper Elite 4. The action is better in Rainbow Six Siege. The driving is better in GTA. The open world is better in Far Cry. You should have sticked to the Ghost Recon franchise.Granted - I've only played for a few hours, but I hate the AI of the enemies. I hate the driving (which I suck at anyway). The bots in Siege are much smarter. I want the stealth tactical realism of the past Ghost Recon games. Not this arcade stuff."
76561198008018021,Recommended,460930,30401763,Posted: 8 March,all,Mudz,"Loving it so far.  Haven't played for long but theirs something about it that I really like.Its not gonna please every gamer out there for sure and that's fine.But the game is whatever you want it to be, complete freedom about how you wanna attack each objective, mix it up. Its only repetitive if you play it in the same way all the time.  I played the open beta and had a entirely different experience playing the same missions again, different stuff happened which I had to deal with and adapt to.  Cool concept for the game.Game world looks awesome. I would recommend.Wait for sale if unsure."
76561198120948429,Not Recommended,460930,30672175,Posted: 22 March,all,olle277,"Worst game I bought so far, AI is so ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that it ruins the game"
,Recommended,460930,30385034,Posted: 7 March,all,☠Zero_Cool☠,A lots of fun. very tactical.
76561198207433031,Not Recommended,460930,30719664,Posted: 24 March,all,Cai,"The Sandbox part of the game is good as many of the previouse UBI sandbox games. But the tutorial, control, and mechanics of this game is really a shame."
,Not Recommended,460930,33396339,Posted: 9 July,all,Corvezeo,"With 126 hours played and beaten I can say this.The game has a beautiful landscape, truly amazing, some of the best game design I have seen in a long long time, however, the story was lacking and the game was extremely repetitive, the attempts to try and fill the game with senseless side missions was astonishing.I wouldn't say this game is worth the 69.99 USD, but more of a 40$ title."
76561198038007633,Not Recommended,460930,30384149,Posted: 7 March,all,Achillies,"Terrible. I got to play it for 20mins, then it crashed. Now it will not launch have uninstalled it and reinstalled it three times on different drives. ALL my other games work perfectly. Witcher 3, Arma 3, Batman 3 (yeah THAT batman is working better) Shadow of Mordor, ect. All run on Ultra for me. This gets to the siezure warning and freezes every single time after that first time now."
76561198057055756,Not Recommended,460930,30404129,Posted: 8 March,all,4D,"Needs a patch for these framerate issues, and the vehicles freezing in place."
76561198159977254,Not Recommended,460930,32678727,Posted: 23 June,all,SPC-Hotski,"Lack of support, UBI plan out lied. Game gets boring and old very fast. Season pass is stealing. Guns and loadouts are pretty cool but future soldier was better. Eh. I feel ripped off."
,Recommended,460930,30386393,Posted: 7 March,all,Wombat,its not ape escape 2 BUT its still a solid game.i score it 24/mynamejeff
76561198062149735,Not Recommended,460930,32307433,Posted: 9 June,all,RelicRekor,Worst game ever. Buggy Pile of Garbage. The ending actually made the game worse. If you thought The Division was a let down this game kicks the disappointment up a notch.
,Not Recommended,460930,31303379,Posted: 22 April,all,Cop,"Dumpster fire of an ending. However, it is fun game to play with friends. Take that at face value."
,Not Recommended,460930,30393582,Posted: 8 March,all,MichaelM2,"within the first half hour of the game i was flooded with microtransactions after paying £70 all the best looking stuff was ""go to the store"""
76561198264269868,Recommended,460930,31922530,Posted: 23 May,all,rassam79,GOOO
76561198075111060,Not Recommended,460930,34173818,Posted: 11 August,all,A9eelxKSA,I don't know why I bought this game maybe I'm stupid - bad game
76561198061625825,Recommended,460930,30369814,Posted: 7 March,all,Vikingishly,"I love what the game has to offer so far, but feel that it's already getting repetitive and grindy. When it comes to graphics, obviously they are really freaking nice. But I am averaging about 57-65 fps when recording. Which to me, that's hell. It's an eye sore to see the low frames. Other than that, the game runs smoothly. There has been no crashing!Check me out...www.Youtube.com/Vikingishly"
,Not Recommended,460930,30516477,Posted: 14 March,all,ZapparN,This game does not support SLI at all. Even after the post launch patch which included improvements for SLI the game would still stutter so much with 2 gtx 1080s that I had to disable it. You don't even get more average fps from the SLI. Also the textures in the game will load slower the higher fps you have so .... YEA ♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561197961763868,Not Recommended,460930,30517313,Posted: 14 March,all,Totally Trustworthy,It's buggy and requires a constant internet connection.  The story isn't really gripping and it gets very repetitive and grindy.
,Recommended,460930,30398311,Posted: 8 March,all,Shrek,i like jews
,Recommended,460930,31983475,Posted: 26 May,all,todd               XD,i kill muslims♥♥♥♥♥♥sim 2017
76561198028348702,Recommended,460930,30444936,Posted: 11 March,all,Herr Doman,"It's no Arma, but it's a hell of lot of fun 8/10"
76561198088741537,Not Recommended,460930,30639423,Posted: 20 March,all,Peanutz,Steam platfrom does not work for me when trying to play this game..... getting my money back and going to but it on uplay... I know it will work on their becasue I played beta on their.
76561197962363168,Not Recommended,460930,30633558,Posted: 20 March,all,aR_HellSoldier,"Frequent crashes, 1080 GTX, i7, 32gb ram, nvme 512gb SSD (Samsung 950 pro).Looks good, plays well, bit weird but 2 hours of game play, 18 crashes. Have updated drivers, checked driver verisons for stability, verified cache.. nothing to be done.Wait another few weeks for it to be stable as it's not worth it atm."
76561198007309084,Not Recommended,460930,30617696,Posted: 19 March,all,lonewolfmp,"Waste of money.  This game manages to take all the things you love about shooters, open world, and GTA, and does the opposite."
,Not Recommended,460930,30470127,Posted: 12 March,all,GoDz,"I want to like this game. I want to play it more than I already have, but I just can't.My computer more than meets the recommended specs for this game and yet I can barely get 25fps @1080p.Just for clarification I have a 6600k + 16GB DDR4 + Fury X. Even on ""High"" I can barely scrape by with 35fps (as long as subsurface scattering and turf effects are disabled).Maybe it has something to do with the big nVidia logo that comes up when you start the game, or maybe the developers are really that incompetent that they can't even get this game to run good on a ♥♥♥♥ing FURY X. My roommate has a similar build but with a 980ti and even he has issues with poor performance, but for some reason the lower speced cards perform better than the high end ones?I guess I can say this about the game: It's fun for a few minutes. It has a very Farcry feel to it. which shouldn't be surprising considering this is an Ubisoft game."
,Not Recommended,460930,30684370,Posted: 23 March,all,D-Sinfull,"Too many people fall for ubisofts ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this is a terrible game, yeah the map is large and pretty but thats it. the gun customization is mediocore it's just made to look like there is a lot, ubisoft do there stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥by hiding weapons and clothing behind a pay wall because they are the greediest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in gaming. nothing new from the beta the game is worse than mafia 3 with the same repetative ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of go to an area do side missions then fight a side mission boss then go to the next area. last game i ever by from ubisoft. once again they have ♥♥♥♥ed there customers."
,Recommended,460930,32272518,Posted: 8 June,all,Jater,"RECOMMENDEDPROS+6 Great Graphic and Incredible level design, it has the most beautiful level design I have ever seen in a video game, level of detail is fantanstic when you look from distant+1 Proper difficulty design+1 Fun Co-Op gameplay+3 Lots of non-repeated main missions and side missions+1 Fast-Paced or Sleath playstyle+1 AI system is greater and smarter than lots of other AAA gamesCONS-5 Helicopter / Ground Vehicle control scheme is poor, my cars will always drift at corner and my helicopter will often crash when landing-1 Transition from third person view to first person view is inconsistent when ADS, the animation is not smoothly played and it feels weirdFINAL RATING+7"
,Recommended,460930,32283806,Posted: 8 June,all,Saitana,"- Closed Beta: Not bad, few bugs- Open Beta: Not bad, some bugs fixed from CBT- Full Release: Okay....- Later on after DLC Expansion: Um....., what the ♥♥♥♥?In honestly, I love playing the game. If Steam allowed ""Maybe"" buttons when choosing if I recommened the game I would choose that."
,Recommended,460930,31489257,Posted: 1 May,all,MaGe Remixzz™✌😝,very good
,Not Recommended,460930,30587821,Posted: 18 March,all,Kaliba OFFER CV17 Pink,"So far i would say, I dont recommend it. I was close to a refund, but though ""hey, with some patches they could made it"".Lets see where to start. First thing; The graphics. I mean, ffs. They're not bad, but for example Horizon - Zero Dawn on the Ps4 looks MUCH MUCH MUCH MUCH better, running on a weaker hardware. And I'm playing on a good rig.So the performance is just bad. And by the way, the grass looks so ugly i want to die. BF2 made this better already.Controls on foot are okay. The controls in a car are tricky. Many people here said its like driving on ice. They are right. And its even worse than ice. Dont let us talk about the helicopter controls. I'll just say; What the ♥♥♥♥, Ubisoft?! What. The. ♥♥♥♥?!"
76561198017014716,Not Recommended,460930,31507756,Posted: 2 May,all,Chameau,"Is it worth the money?-NoIs it realistic?-No, (Not even close to GTA)Is it fun?-Kills boredomHow was the handling experience? Like heli and cars?- Not realistic and not fun to drive or fly.Is there nothing good about the game?-There are some nice features but for me its not a 50 Euro game, its a 15-20 Euro game thats it.Dear Ubisoft,Stop making games or start learning from other companies who definetely know how to make a game which costs 50 Euro. We are not cows that you can milk in every other game. I will not buy any other Ubisoft game again for sure."
,Not Recommended,460930,30784603,Posted: 27 March,all,kingofmonke0,game will not launch on my system
,Recommended,460930,30401779,Posted: 8 March,all,Manicorns,"More fun with friends but still great in solo. Only issue i've had is friends just randomly disconnecting, which I assume will be fixed soon."
,Not Recommended,460930,30632113,Posted: 20 March,all,Oceans 12 #ThorRagnarok,"its a mixed bag. depends on what you want.like ull see in lot of other reviews . broken AI . broken physics . lot of broken .only beuatiful landscape.rest is just YAWN.its a grinder's paradise.but U DONT GET anything for griding.i spent 32 hours and finished it . (a lot of times i didnt want to, but i spent money on it so i did it)buyer bewareits worth on a 60% off sale though"
76561197985390069,Not Recommended,460930,30704087,Posted: 24 March,all,//SA//Shadow,Still fails to launch even after two patches.  Returning the product.
,Not Recommended,460930,30805353,Posted: 28 March,all,Cuddlefish,"I wanted to like this game, but...The shooter gameplay is mediocre, the writing is genuinely oppressively terrible, and the polish just isn't there.They give you gate obstacles, and C4, and don't let you blow the gates. I had an easier time getting into bases by driving motorcycles off cliffs and falling in to the tune of no falling damage than dealing with said gates.The squaddie AI is next to useless, and sometimes an actively unhelpful element.It's worth saying again - the writing is so bad it hurts. Worse than most Call of Duty games I've played. It's bad enough to pull you out of the game because your protagonist is try-harding so very hard at being a ridiculous chariacture of 'badass' as seen by a misanthropic twelve year old.That, and the hoop jumping to get basic weapons is irritating. It shouldn't be a massive undertaking for a special operative to find a kalashnikov, or a pump shotgun.Save your money."
76561198071642780,Not Recommended,460930,30969261,Posted: 5 April,all,Nickolas the clown,This isn't Ghost Recon.
,Not Recommended,460930,31107961,Posted: 12 April,all,Trubisky the Starter,Don't buy this game. Boring. Couldn't get a refund cuz I was hoping it would get fun eventually.
,Not Recommended,460930,31219357,Posted: 18 April,all,Welshdragon12,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VreVRkCz658Just watch the Video WAB explains everything.
76561198155130662,Not Recommended,460930,32724144,Posted: 24 June,all,I'll have two number 9s ✪,"Pretty average game. Mission variety must have been ran over, tortured and eventually burned to death during the development of this game. The gameplay itself is alright and playing with friends is fun but you just get bored so quickly"
,Recommended,460930,30369211,Posted: 7 March,all,PeptR*,Lets begin with me telling you to buy this game because it's ballin' ♥♥♥♥♥es best game iv played most fun iv had graphics are sick same with the game play enjoy eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Not Recommended,460930,30520135,Posted: 14 March,all,Thorn Falconeye,"Eh. Worth it on a sale but the game mechanics aren't deep enough to give it long term power. Very few different things to do, taking areas is pretty fun but very little variation outside of the locales. Skill points and collectible system don't change anything.Totally worth cooping for 20-30 though."
76561198027225041,Recommended,460930,30384983,Posted: 7 March,all,Ramsay Bolton,"Good game, worth the wait, decent story, always sometehing to do, overall would rate 9/10"
,Recommended,460930,35414253,Posted: 2 October,all,Cuntfirmed Kill,"I don't see how anyone couldn't like this game, unless you're an entitled 17 yr old who has unrealistic expectations for games that aren't in the ""trendy"" circle. This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥10/10. It's like socom and GTA had a baby with farcry and Advanced warfighter. The gunplay is super tight and the co-op? It's done right 100% the tools you have to use make it easier to communicate with friends in co-op easier than most. It is one of the better co-op shooters in a while. Whatever progress you've made in coop transitions SEAMLESSLY back into solo, such as, mission progress, xp, supplies, all of it. As far as graphics go, i think its on par with The Witcher 3, although a bit more taxing on cards as I have a 1080ti, I'm getting 40-60fps with all ultra in 4k and vsync on. It still is buttery smooth imo. This game is also very in-depth with its customization of the characters, me and my friends spent about an hour each on our characters and lots weapons to choose from, the game has about as many weapons as bf4 and all feel a little different, but you wont be shooting people more than about 1-3 times on avg, the gunplay feels very real and its amazing! As far as the repetition of missions go, you must understand what this game is and that it is a military shooter, there's only a handful of ways missions can go without the game being linear, there's no absolute way of approaching a mission, it's open world and you can choose how you complete you tasks, if you think the game is repetitive it's probably YOU who is repetitive in playing the same way and ignoring ALL the possibility to take advantage of, sometimes we drone tag, and snipe from 300m+ sometimes we sneak in close with silent pistols, and loud ARs, or maybe I fly in close and my boy jumps out on one side of the objective and I land on the other side and we meet in the middle! I personally have a blast scoping out cartels, taking them out from a hilltop or moving in balls out with my boys! There's so much left on the table if you pass this one off, but its worth every bit of $60 And the PvP is coming soon too! See you in Bolivia boys!"
,Recommended,460930,30506474,Posted: 14 March,all,[77y] Syncmaster667,"Im quite enjoying it personally, its quite different from what i usually play and i really enjoy the customization you can do :DThink the only negatives ive come across is the way cars and helis handle, its abit clunky, but if your like me youll only use them to collect points and weps.Havent played it in co op yet but i hope its more fun than singleplayer :D"
,Recommended,460930,31475301,Posted: 30 April,all,LERYX,"Why are you looking down here, just buy the game allready."
76561198068633638,Recommended,460930,30369656,Posted: 7 March,all,StingingRumble,"This is actually an awesome cool experience, just had a really good time.. some of the missions are just great .. playing on hardest difficulty .. very happy I bought this .. graphics too are just stunning"
,Recommended,460930,30965192,Posted: 5 April,all,BackstageGerm99 - The Boik,Lit  af  boi
76561198321146241,Recommended,460930,31440798,Posted: 29 April,all,479221736,"not bad beautiful landscape, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection."
,Not Recommended,460930,30402215,Posted: 8 March,all,Nikki_Putin,"Game itself is greatBut the problem here is that it's typical broken Ubisoft garbageThere's just so much about the bugs, glitches and performance issues, I can't even be bothered to list it allWhoever is in charge of their Quality Assurance department should be fired"
76561198336460441,Recommended,460930,30516123,Posted: 14 March,all,Batpoolzilla,"The game isreally good to play alone or with friends, the environment is amazing and the weapons experience is really good."
,Recommended,460930,34793397,Posted: 7 September,all,Def,"Ghost Recon Wildlands is a huge difference from the other Ghost Recon games, full of pros and cons. Unfortunately it suffers from a disease of ""Terrible Execution"", commonly seen in Ubisoft games.Pros:-Story was well done, concept was there.-Graphics are good.-Bowman's briefings are definitely one of the only few things great in this game.-Destructible enviroment, rock walls, etc.Cons:-Soundtrack is lackluster, not very amazing.-Execution of the concept was terrible, repetitive gameplay and too much collectibles. Might not be a con if you're a huge collector in games.-Animations are almost on par with Andromeda's.-TOO MANY BUGS. Many bugs found in the demo are still present in the game.-Some missions are terribly designed.-Terrible A.I.Overall: The game suffers the same disease as other Ubisoft products. One such Ubisoft game is The Division. Though the concept of taking down a drug cartel got me hooked.The concept was there, but it was poorly executed and designed.7.8/10"
76561198144901676,Recommended,460930,30406386,Posted: 9 March,all,[TKZ]GangstaCat,Love it 100% love it
,Recommended,460930,30406247,Posted: 9 March,all,Priex,Game feels really fresh and helps de-stress.
,Recommended,460930,32162077,Posted: 3 June,all,Huskii,"Great game where old Ghost Recon Fan boys are butt-hurt about, just get this game and experience a great game made by Ubisoft."
76561198142545745,Not Recommended,460930,33286657,Posted: 5 July,all,Hello,s h i t
76561198384564744,Recommended,460930,31374378,Posted: 26 April,all,kimberley__peer,CAN SOMEBODY HELP ME PLEASE!!!If i wanna start the game it says something about troubleshooting.i've tried everything to fix it but nothing works.somebody knows how to fix this annoying problem?
76561197977554539,Not Recommended,460930,30380183,Posted: 7 March,all,[TG]Blackwater_Reject,"While the gameplay is fun, my inability to connect to other player makes this a single player game. Ubisoft's reputation for having backwards multiplayer connectivity continues. My clan sounds like they are having fun, but 2 of 7 cannot connect. With having to drop my firewall as the only was to connect is unacceptable to me, I wish you luck with your router."
,Recommended,460930,31487699,Posted: 1 May,all,翁焕杰的一号迷妹,It is worth playing.But it is not as good as what we think it would be.Rate:7.5/10
76561198309541141,Recommended,460930,31485043,Posted: 1 May,all,Cpy,Nice gameplay
76561198160486753,Recommended,460930,30473864,Posted: 12 March,all,Vineuro,better then gta 5
76561198135856702,Recommended,460930,30600407,Posted: 18 March,all,HOSEB,dope
76561198352794163,Recommended,460930,30403571,Posted: 8 March,all,Kimi Raikkonen,THIS GAME THIS REALLY GOOD IT IS BETTER THEN THE NEW CALL OF DUYT I WOULD GET TOM CLANCY'S GHOST RECON WILDLANDS
76561198078580986,Recommended,460930,30429527,Posted: 10 March,all,Restricted Hawk,"7/10Game is great. Story is great. MASSIVE, like GARGANTUAN map. Thing is, this is such a beefy game that even if you have a good laptop that's not on the basic or minimum gaming side (2GB Vram, i7, Nvidia gtx 860m)  and you have something along the medium tiers like (4gb VRAM, i7, NVIDIA GX 960m) you'll get at best 30 fps on medium settings. Honestly, you can get used to 30fps though.  It bothers me a bit, but the game is pretty damn good that I HAVE to overlook it. Connection to Ubisoft servers are much better than it was on Day 1 beta, but it still cuts in and out on good internet connection.Playing the game on Ultra is just... breathtaking. ANd if your PC can run it on that, then damn dude. Enjoy it.FPS drops significantly while driving. You can notice some stuttering, but it isn't unbearable."
76561198325044857,Recommended,460930,31673873,Posted: 10 May,all,BigBallin85,this game is pretty fun and very realistic....graphics kick you know what...just started playing it and im enjoying the colors the game has to offer..im a new pc gamer and im happy with it...i might hook up my xbox one controller and use that to play but for now im getting adapted to using the keyboard and mouse...
,Recommended,460930,31471363,Posted: 30 April,all,Razorfx9,Too legit to quit - MC Hammer
,Recommended,460930,30403978,Posted: 8 March,all,resosu,This game is great except that you feel like youre sliding when you try to drive.
,Recommended,460930,30937595,Posted: 4 April,all,kyorin,you are suddenly drunk when driving a vehicleubisoft pls
76561198055489043,Not Recommended,460930,33928896,Posted: 31 July,all,Arkhaan,"Nonstop crashing, and Ubisoft support did♥♥♥♥♥♥all to fix it. i have 90 mins trying to get past the intro screen."
,Recommended,460930,30424427,Posted: 10 March,all,Tombstone,THIS GAME SUPER GOOD U MUST BUY even expensive
,Recommended,460930,30453680,Posted: 11 March,all,El Pinapple,iz gud
76561198073801820,Recommended,460930,30453367,Posted: 11 March,all,KALP,it is good
,Recommended,460930,34663234,Posted: 1 September,all,Æ|YØ™,My favorite game. Hope you enjoy it guys!
76561198005457860,Not Recommended,460930,30614960,Posted: 19 March,all,Chrolic,"I give up.16th time, and i quit.I tried starting the game, entering the character  customization, only to have it chrash within seconds (1-40 seconds).I cant even say the gamplay is bad, because i never got to it!My PC is more than enugh to run the game, and does it well, with all other titles.Well, this will be my first refund here on steam, thanks for implementing that system Valve."
76561198042750656,Recommended,460930,32519695,Posted: 17 June,all,strauthwein,"great game, huge open world map,"
76561198131957085,Recommended,460930,30407613,Posted: 9 March,all,Section,it's gut♥♥♥♥♥
76561198257247533,Not Recommended,460930,31008171,Posted: 7 April,all,whitecrowbrewery,Will not launch.  Will not play.  Why should a person spend money on a product that doesn't launch.
76561198072798242,Not Recommended,460930,30416521,Posted: 9 March,all,S.W.A.G,"AHHHHH!!!!!!!!, The network is always down and UBIsoft just isn't helping. FIX THE NETWORK ISSUE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198107241373,Not Recommended,460930,34224878,Posted: 13 August,all,Lil' Biscuit,"Dumb AI, a lot of bugs, and places where you can get stuck so you have no choice to kill yourself, that is if you have nades. Fun without the bugs though."
,Recommended,460930,34268705,Posted: 15 August,all,NateLB,Tac-ti-KEWLMUCH OPPAHR8HUR UNIT COERCIONTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM CLANCY!!!!Ubi-howarewestillapublisher-softCLOSING RANKS!SAY ALL THE SWIGGITY-SWOGGITY-OPAHMAHRATOR-WURDS!Bland weapon moddingGun play is about as tactical as a used tamponVehicles are actually okIt's a really eh game at the end of the day.
,Recommended,460930,31441558,Posted: 29 April,all,Emperor Of Sand,Requires a good graphics card somewhere between 750-1060 for actually good framerate
76561198036504555,Not Recommended,460930,31516810,Posted: 2 May,all,Gaylord Ravenal,disconnects
,Not Recommended,460930,30383088,Posted: 7 March,all,Mitch,Game has crashed 4 times within 2 hours. Can't join friends either without having to try multiple times. Buggy and not ready for release in my opinion.
,Recommended,460930,30403737,Posted: 8 March,all,.::Immortal::.,The game is awsome and well optimized...
,Not Recommended,460930,30389119,Posted: 8 March,all,bobby,nice optimisation bro
76561198285714935,Recommended,460930,35103201,Posted: 21 September,all,NuTKunG,gg
76561198277411561,Not Recommended,460930,31781231,Posted: 15 May,all,DireTiger,game sucks. bad at everything. it feels like they put no effort into it at all and it makes you do terrible things like rip famlies apart. hate it
76561198326881196,Recommended,460930,31243345,Posted: 19 April,all,kob_spazz RIP Knife,Good  game
,Recommended,460930,33184700,Posted: 3 July,all,_Ramble,One of the best open world games!
,Not Recommended,460930,30402424,Posted: 8 March,all,Corrosion,Some of the ♥♥♥♥♥iest game design I've seen. Fun and really cool but huge game ruining and breaking flaws. Enemies spawn out of thin air to drop in your face and shoot you dead. Constant game breaking bugs with coop play like desyncs and such. Enemy accuracy from over 300 meters with a mac 10 outweighs your own with a sniper rifle. Enemies can see through and shoot through solid concrete walls and you can only shoot through wood or metal sheet or even brick. Constantly saying I spot someone even when I didn't know they were there and it marks them and I literally can't even see them. How realistic is that? Huge cash grab in the game with tons of microtransactions. Probly will have a bunch of BS dlc.
76561198149300659,Recommended,460930,33237264,Posted: 4 July,all,JIROMARU,"No regruts buyin this gaem.Great tactical shooting game, them update graphic, totally huge map. It is fun even if you join a session with random people, best to play with friends. Yea it is kinda repetitive, but hey, it is a ♥♥♥♥in game. 10/10 will take down el sueno"
,Recommended,460930,31242425,Posted: 19 April,all,Crawling in my Crawl,I grabbed someone who then teleported 10 feet away and I grabbed him from 10 feet away using my magnet handsThis game was clearly the inspired by Nerdcubeds 13 ways to die arkham city video
76561198101219568,Recommended,460930,34443620,Posted: 23 August,all,Scar1776,"I really enjoy it but I have a good squad to play with.  So go outside for a change, get some friends and it'll be great"
76561198073605628,Recommended,460930,32210107,Posted: 5 June,all,M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E,"Gunplay is fun, graphics are stunning, story is decent, variety in the missions is entirely on the side of the player. The objectives of each mission are roughly the same but the style allows you to go about each one differently if you choose to. Biggest problem is this game doesnt coming with the most vital component, 3 other friends who recently bought an nvidia GPU"
76561198001445628,Recommended,460930,34073038,Posted: 6 August,all,thetoad,This game is great! End of review.
76561197974601003,Not Recommended,460930,35357780,Posted: 30 September,all,Kejserens,"omfg what a peice of S gamefirst i find out that i cant compleate the game 100% because of a bug that UBISOFT cant og wont FIX -.-the the server breake down and i lost 4 hours of play and 3 lvl ingame <= i was told by ubisoft that is was my loss -.-then i earned a ingame booster and activated it, then the server wont load the game -.-waste of time and money, dont play it unless you get payed to, (and demande nothing less of a million to do it!)"
,Not Recommended,460930,30399346,Posted: 8 March,all,Tommy,"Uplay is actually the tumor of this world. If i ever have to use it again i will kill myself. Never have i been so fustrated as to when I try to use uplay. I go to ♥♥♥♥ing reset my password and I get an Error. The funny part is that the ♥♥♥♥ing Errro has no text so all it is, is a gaint X with no detail on how to fix the error. Ubisoft, you are the biggest pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥on Earth. I hope you kill yourselves for making me waste another 60 bucks and not even let me play my game. You are a million dollar company but cannot even get your own website to work. I hope you are ashamed of that, because there are 7 year olds that could manage a website better than you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sincerely, a former customer"
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,460930,30415622,Posted: 9 March,all,Revixy,"Alright back to the drawing board Ubisoft.This game is even more buggy than it was at both BETA's combined.How is this okay to launch to you guys?Problems:( ALL mentioned bugs below occur both in single & in coop play. )- Frequent freezes where all players in the session hangs being unable to move for over 30 seconds, but can spin the camera around.- Frequent explosion delays from normal explosions to grenades and other launchers, that causes strange anomalies, making it impossible to actually use explosions to aid you as the player to do anything useful when these bugs occur, which they do often.( This seems to be somewhat by-passable by setting the game to have a limit to 60fps, but it isn't always the case but it seem to occur less with that setting set. )- Frequent frame stuttering even when the game isn't auto-saving.- Frequent invisible enemies for one or more players at one given time, while being visible to another or more players at the same time.- Enemies being auto tagged by Ai, when ai isn't even present in coop.Also had one blue-screen from this title once.My machine has never done that *ever*.And the list goes on, to cap it read this:Bugs.. there's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of them. Player maneuverability has bugs, vehicle handling has bugs, shooting has bugs, texture rendering has bugs...well, I think there is a game in this bug.Physics engine might get crazy sometimes, like vehicles climbing mountains, enemies flying around, NPCs not ragdolling in some situations they should (like being ran over by a car).While none of these bugs will break the game, most of them can be very annoying.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgJnmPAAbIE&index=1&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHwPypYmjGj_ZXJp4Yk1nmQWCheck this following video to see a sh*t load of bugs:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q5XuAwgIHI&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHzGAEhNT1PI5saAaC4OW00I&index=3Did I mention there's Microtransactions in this game?They're totally optional, but they're still there. -_-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFUYwLQ9K_Y"
76561198055874893,Not Recommended,460930,30386876,Posted: 8 March,all,xKELSOx,Don't know how this game is getting good reviews. Yes at its core its an AMAZING 3rd person shooter. BUT thats only if you make an entire review off just the combat (avoiding dumbass AI). The driving feels like something out of an early access game or mod to a game that was never meant to have driving. Game runes like hell crashes constantly actually locked down my computer actually causing me fear it would keep my computer locked up for the remaining time I had to still refund the game (which I am going to do). Is this game worthless? No. Does the game deserve $60? no. If you can buy this game at $45 MAX pick it up if anything more than that move on its not worth it.
76561198267866168,Not Recommended,460930,30391271,Posted: 8 March,all,guitarman947,"Was really excited to play this game, even pre-ordered based on the beta. Come time to actually play the game, it ran WORSE than the beta. I had recurring issues with stuttering, freezes and crashes. I spent almost 2 hours fiddling with the graphics trying to find a sweet spot with no luck. It ran so poorly that I returned it.  I was using a GTX 1060-6GB, i5-6600K~3.5GHz and 16GB -DDR4 and even on LOW with all effects off it struggled to run without stuttering. If I had to comment on the game in its current state I'd say that its not finished yet. Needs work. Still want to play this game, but until performace increases are made I would hold off."
76561198014303003,Recommended,460930,30370760,Posted: 7 March,all,BLAZEUS,"THanks for the game Ubi,its FUN, SUper FUN coop game with friends."
,Not Recommended,460930,30402705,Posted: 8 March,all,Snowdream,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands System requires.Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 (64-bit versions only)Processor: Intel Core i7- 3770@ 3.5 GHz or AMD FX-8350 @ 4 GHz or betterMemory: 8 GB RAMGraphic: NVIDIA GeForce GTX970/GTX 1060 or AMD R9 390/RX480 (4GB VRAM with Shader Model 5.0 or better)and here is my computerWindows 10 Pro 64bitSystem model: H97-Gaming 3Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4790 CPU @ 3.60Hz (8 CPUs), ~3.6HzMemory: 16GBGraphic: Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 6GB Super JetStreamToo bad performence in my computer and bad optimizationi got bad score in game Benchmark.Congraduation Ubisoft. you get Koty!Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon® Wildlands optimization looks like a Batman: Arkham KnightFxxk yeah! :D"
,Recommended,460930,30368489,Posted: 6 March,all,hadouken,WOAAHH NICE!!!
,Recommended,460930,30373922,Posted: 7 March,all,Halo Jumpa,hella lit co-op experience-10/10sandbox-0/10will the game die in four year- yes.
,Not Recommended,460930,31250918,Posted: 20 April,all,Gorrest Fump,"Looking for a realistic stealth shooter? Look somewhere else. This games buggy AI, lack of stealth mechanics (such as moving bodies), and terrible physics engine on top of countless other bugs and flawed game mechanics make this game a missed opportunity on Ubisoft's part to make a great open world stealth shooter."
76561197967000085,Not Recommended,460930,30482077,Posted: 12 March,all,Zoss,"I had to refund this game. becuz..1.its really bad optimization..2.its open world, huge world.. but I can't even jump up really low cliff, there is no jump and more than 50% of world is mountains..3.this game is based on stealth play, I cant even move dead bodies.. what a non sense.. are you kidding me? so even I killed the enemy in quite place, now I cant move this daed body. other patrols are coming.. wow screw this..."
76561198062603274,Not Recommended,460930,31012674,Posted: 8 April,all,kovarex,They didn't bother making an option for 1st person view. It is not really playable this way.
,Not Recommended,460930,30482395,Posted: 12 March,all,b4nk,its pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥tbh
,Not Recommended,460930,30894217,Posted: 1 April,all,3Dguy,"When a game feels like it's a day at work... a pain-in-the♥♥♥♥♥day at work... with nothing but nonesense to get through the day, it is not a game. It's work. This game takes any fun from Watch Dogs (which it resembles quite a bit, mechanics-wise), adds the confusing and dull grinding of Assasins Creed and makes you feel like you can't get the 40 hours of your life back... which is about the point you look at the number of hours played and you realize you haven't really accomplished anything and the game is not the least bit enjoyable. There's no story arc to speak of. The chatacters are annoying. The missions are repetative (they are ALL THE SAME MISSION). This was probably a great technical test of their game engine and programming, but it is not a game for players to enjoy. This is the type of game which makes me reconsider purchasing on EA instead of Steam. A couple hours isn't enough time to realize you're playing a repetative piece of garbage. By that time it's too late to ask for your money back."
76561198188780166,Not Recommended,460930,31695069,Posted: 11 May,all,GiFTed Crow,░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀▄ Ghost Recon▄ ░▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░Don't actually buy this game
76561198081388178,Not Recommended,460930,30378977,Posted: 7 March,all,FlyDangerous,"Not Reccomended, not yet at least...Note: Most of this comes from a comparison with the Division. Opinions on gameplay aside, that game has a top notch delivery of atmosphere, graphics, story, and mood.Ghost Recon runs rather poorly unfortunately, and has not improved much since Beta. Demanding to run despite the graphics not quite being quite up to Par (still has it's pretty moments though). The Division looks much better and runs even smoother. Some driver and optmization updates will probably fix this in the future for sure.Animations are wonky and don't feel natural. Shooting mechanics feel viceral enough but leave something to be desired. And oooh boy driving and flying make you feel like a drunk 89 year old asian woman driving with her feet. The controls and handling of vehicles are atrocious. (I can say this because asians drive bad. I'm also asian.)For some reason the cutscenes stutter and run at less frames than the actual gameplay. Voice acting is lack luster due to poor delivery and writing. For some reason the atmosphere and mood feels less grounded and serious than it should but that's just being nitpicky.The potential for repetitiveness is high, as with most open world games but that dynamic is mostly up to who you are playing with. This game is blast to mess around in with friends.Customization is very cool and I like the real world Brand names they brought into the game like Crye and 5.11. Nice touch. Makes you feel super operator and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'm intruiged to see how they will expand upon the customization items. Weapon selection and customization is also pretty good.Like many shooting games though it does not quite accurately represent weapons that would be typically found given the setting. No Glocks G3's FAL's M16's/CAR-15's M60s, Browning High Powers, Grease Guns, FNC's SKS's you know, the stuff people actualy fight gorilla and cartel wars with : D. <--again, nitpicking but this also contributes to the overall story and atmoshpere elements. It can be quite jaring seeing many odd or rare weapons being used while completely omiting the obvious common ones that could be typically found in region. It's Bolivia for crying out loud, not an international arms expo run rampant. But it is a Ghost Recon game so super duper cool guy high tech stuff is expected.TL/DR: Wait for a sale. It's fun but runs like crap and could get booring quick without friends.3/7 my opinion doesn't matter I'm just a random guy on the internet."
76561198011621155,Not Recommended,460930,30635068,Posted: 20 March,all,skullduggery,Grand theft auto rip off. Still uses p2p. Spent hours fixing NAT related issues just to play a few repetitive run and gun missions. How this game is titled Ghost Recon is beyond me.
,Recommended,460930,30377867,Posted: 7 March,all,The Warden,Very fun with friends.
,Not Recommended,460930,30378486,Posted: 7 March,all,Malde,"Lliterally cant start the game /:Downloaded via steam.. it starts uPlay (which it installs on main drive C:// without asking. I have my games on a different SSD). It shortly starts splashscreen after linking uplay acc to steam.. steam shows that I´m in the game and then it quits it again. Verifying game cache.. or manually starting .exe wont do the trick. It also just downloads ""cloud"" savegame without me having the possibility to say no to a possible ""buged out"" beta savegame??also Uplay says ""download"" instead of ""play"" so im guessing that linking of accounts doesnt even realizes that the game IS NOT on C:// which is why this thing wont start!Sad.. liked the beta a lot. If this wont get fixed ill have to give it back. /will update this if i find a solution but others seem to have the issue aswell.."
,Recommended,460930,30379472,Posted: 7 March,all,L$D,its lit
76561197997190571,Not Recommended,460930,30379340,Posted: 7 March,all,MAXIMUS1964,"my opinion after one hour of gameplay, it's boring, you spend more time running around to get to different destinations than you do actually playing the game, graphically the game is nice but the gameplay it is poor, I should have tried the beta, because if I did, I certainly wouldn't of purchased the game, my opinion, it could be a lot better after one hour I found so many faults with the game... it was shocking for them to say the game was finished, what was the beta testers doing, if they think the game was acceptable they need new beta testers, waste of money if you like watchdogs your like this game but if you like something that is authentic, then don't bother if you're older than 15 years old you won't like it that's my opinion, if you just want to shoot everything in sight then this is the game for you if you looking for a stealth game don't waste your money like I did."
76561198087469534,Recommended,460930,30372806,Posted: 7 March,all,Daevknigh7,Just leave thumbs up and keep playing Wildlands. :P
76561197979358483,Not Recommended,460930,30645006,Posted: 20 March,all,Home Limone,over hyped♥♥♥♥♥♥game.....I needed another let down after my dad left so thanks Ubisoft.
76561198116502578,Not Recommended,460930,30393438,Posted: 8 March,all,moenad,This game runs like ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥...Barely reaching 50fps with a 1070 on a ♥♥♥♥ing 1080p display.
,Not Recommended,460930,30381741,Posted: 7 March,all,S0uLR3av3R,"the new Ghost Recon Wildlands on PC Isn't going as well as I expected it to [ freezing up, my computer is freezing up, I hope they patch and update the game very soon or sooner or later right down the road. ] - At this time it's not worth it, for i5 users."
76561198036279443,Recommended,460930,30367744,Posted: 6 March,all,D@NGLEBERRY,"GREAT FUN !Tested openbeta ,and it was fun ,very fun,whit some friends we had a copple days whit hillarious situations (like landed on phonepoles whit helicopters (penetrated),crashed whenracing downhill on a motobike,bike was stucked betveen rocks and my body was flying 150 meters downhill 5feet above ground ,landed toumbled around 2-3 times and still alive WOW(pure luck)And there was sneaky.sneaky to take out some ""banditos"" there where ""all in""race inbandits camp whit a car full of triggerhappy friends and just spray bullets .i hate 3rd person (love fps)games but this was an exeption ,if this was a fps i would give it 11/10 but its 3rd person and i cant give more than 9/10i just tested open beta who had 2 of all those cartel members to kill(26 bosses, 21regions and 11 ecosystems)it took a copple hours to get used to controller(keyboard/mouse)but when i got it in my veins it was realy good ,and i forgot it is a 3rd person game sometime ,cause when you aim you are  in fps game there are alot ofsidemissions u can play and there was 11 story missions in the beta ( it said u done 10% when i had played everything in the beta) and it looks like u can playall missions several times (then you just get xp not bonus points)exept some convoy missions i think.i liked the open beta so much that i allready bought this in ""pre-release""So if u can play whit some friends or are a bit social find 3 new in game u can look forward to several hundreds of hour gameplay( i played open beta +30hours-10%some side missions was so fun that i played them several times)And its more content like 4vs4 team and more(just look it up in the web)I STRONGLY RECOMEND THIS GAME (it may be in top 3 game release of 2017)if you got the money u get the fun ;-}EDIT:Laptop gamer - HQ6300/970m+mm2, whit Gsynk(predator) everything on max/veryhigh(shadows)and i get no less than 30 fps in 1080pi use almost all commandss on default exept run/alt-drone/y and its no problem whit mouse/keyboard for the helicopters,airplanes,boats,cars,motobikes,parachutes or my donky ;-}"
76561198041156134,Not Recommended,460930,31172823,Posted: 16 April,all,Don't get weepy touch ur peepee,"There's no jump button for some reason (bigger deal than it seems trust me) even though you can literally fly everywhere, gameplay is repetitive, and uPlay still exists."
,Not Recommended,460930,30440949,Posted: 10 March,all,🔯Sera²🔯,"This game is very linear and limited, they could've done more with this game but they didn't, its fun but only for a moment."
76561198200948526,Not Recommended,460930,30582595,Posted: 17 March,all,stanlaskowski78,"Absolute garbage. The only nice things I can say about this abortion of a game is that the shooting mechanics are good & its a nice looking game.This game is the epitome of everything thats wrong with AAA titles nowadays: huge, beautiful & boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197970684800,Not Recommended,460930,30497104,Posted: 13 March,all,Martox,Coop does not work !
,Not Recommended,460930,30414082,Posted: 9 March,all,Chaplin,"Just feels buggy :( :( :( I have waited too long for this game, pre purchased etc. etc."
76561198258095476,Not Recommended,460930,30939899,Posted: 4 April,all,Joshay,"Crashes every single time within 10secs of launching. I have reinstalled it, updated every driver I can think of that would be causing issues. I've essentially wasted $100 AUD. Do not buy this game if you're expecting a game that works!!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30599775,Posted: 18 March,all,Faded,Boring Poor Game
76561198257954898,Not Recommended,460930,30446990,Posted: 11 March,all,LostInnocense,Fun butVERY BAD performance.Titan black SLI + Double Xeon15 2618L + 96G DDR4 2133 + SSD INTEL 750= 4-40fpsEven worse with Hyper Thread.This morning wake up with a new patch and deteriorating performance and that make me cant stay away but make this comments.
,Not Recommended,460930,30645758,Posted: 20 March,all,WhatsHisNuts,"It tells me I've played the game for 5 minutes. Funny that. Because I still haven't seen any signs of an installation screen after waiting 24 hours for it to download. It's been at least an hour now since I've pressed ""play"" and still nothing. I'll be looking forward to returning this game and getting my money back."
76561198134540767,Not Recommended,460930,30428833,Posted: 10 March,all,THErealpalacemaster,this game was not worth it... i swear if i could i would vanish ubisoft as a company they made this game one of the most boring games im spending more time flying or driving through the giant but empty world then playing the game i wanted to like this game because i loved the other ghost recon games and don't tell me you need friends to enjoy this game i did play with people and tbh i had more fun driving of mountains then i did being an elite solider i will still play this game until i beat it because i spent money on this game i will not change my reviewe until they add the pvp mode and later on the dlc i would not buy this game unless you have people to play with or until they release the pvp mode who knows it might be pretty good if it's anywhere as good as rain bow six seige ill probably love the mode if you are having second thoughts about this game don't buy it.
76561198318347412,Not Recommended,460930,30413884,Posted: 9 March,all,NotLazyJustCrazy,"high pc,low end game..runs like a vindaloo"
,Not Recommended,460930,30977388,Posted: 6 April,all,saofuren,"我玩了91个小时，可见我对所有的bug与掉帧很能容忍，然而清明节回老家好几天没玩，今天一登录游戏我的存档莫名消失，云存档竟然莫名消失我也是醉了，除了育碧大大也是没谁了（我以人格保证绝对不是我的电脑问题，而且我没有乱改设置，我虽然不是pc大神但也不是电脑小白，弱智的错误不会犯的）我已申请退款，不管ubi大大受不受理，但道理我要讲出来，你那shi一样的土豆服务器我也忍了，大不了买加速器，但你的云存档消失闹哪样？我一直都是等云存档结束才关掉游戏的，不会存在人为存档破坏i am really disappointed and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. I spent most of my spare time to play this full of frame-drop and bugs game,ironically I liked this game though,PVE is very fine.But still i am very upset and angry for losing save data.Ubi server is really crap,but the worse is Cloud Save Synchronization thing! Never mind,248 RMB is not big money at all,but I HOPE UBI COULD DO BETTER ON SERVER ,CLOUD SAVING AND GAMING PERFORAMNCE"
76561198019010560,Not Recommended,460930,30390921,Posted: 8 March,all,Walsp,"Downloaded Game . 50 Gigs .100 Gig hardrive . you are now split to play wildlands .Play game for 91 minutes with friend . to test if it is good or bad> Multiple Bugs spotted . Sound bug issues . Benchmark FPS droppage .> Arcade style playing . Fast pace . Good Weapon customization , good Overall customization .> when Closing game Game after glitch in save slot happens freezes entire PC . force Restart after multiple Attempts to get Response .Pc restarts and game shows uninstalled from Steam Library .attempt to reinstall game notices . . 55 Gigs remaining . .  Wait a minute . ? 100 - 50 = 50 . Files missing Game unistalled itself . no files found on Drive as to where game is . if this happens 1nce it will happen again . Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥Ubisoft . nice prank broOn a Seriouse Note.I dont think id like to keep a game if it uninstalls itself after it Force freezes a PC during a Bug Glitch that happens in the Save Slot Screen. =That part i did forget to mention =Either part of the Glitch where the Character Is stuck on the Left side of the screen during menu and all the options for cutomization sit directly ontop of the char. thats when my pc Froze.On the bright side to you guys who arent having issues enjoy that game it was really fun to play it with someone . and those who have had Co-op games. its sad if your in singleplayer .(so much spelling mistakes .Badumtisss)Now for the Fun Part. Recently i have had a Troll that poped in and started trying to take potshots and retracted his Statements deleting his own comments trying to make me look like im talking to myself .For viewer Conveniance i did copy his qoutes and as you will see above 3 found this review unhelpfull after he started deleting his postings .( wisper) trolls move in herds ) moving on .\Warning Stupidity is contagiouse so please bear with it if your tolerance level is high.Shoutout to Dawg711 for making this review possible . now a friendly way to show my Specs using the commentary .let me Qoute some honerable Mentions.Dawg711""This is one of the few games that Needs Min 6GB RAM where most only need 4. Dont tell me you have 8 installed so you have enough. I will just laugh at you and tell you to go learn about your PC""  Learn to Read Requirments before you buy the game""My replyR9 380 4GMSI 970 Gaming16 gig DDR4FX8370 Black editionPlayed game for 91 minutes no issuesDawg711 . .""I am not a PC nerd and I can think of reasons for your issues that have nothing to do with the game""My replyBut my . 16 gig Mememory is not enough ?  ( hehe Meme' ) . Phunny . Moving on . . (suicide)Dawg711 "" Your PC froze the game likely not enough RAM Your head is too far up your♥♥♥♥♥to figure it all out"" "" i have said enough to discredit your review now i do not care what you think anymore ""My reply.In short . i give your discredit 10/10 . have a lovely day sir as conversation with you inperson i imagine is riveting as much as it is fun .Who needs a comment section ? :) have a nice day everyone .f"
,Not Recommended,460930,30391135,Posted: 8 March,all,Mr Meeseeks,"let me start by saying i wanted to like this game sooooooo badly.but ubisoft have a good game in concept just executed poorly the almost 2 hours of this i played i had terrible stuttering and performance issues flickering textures, and with no sli support despite nvidia being sponsors of this game im dissapointed.and now onto the gameplay.the world is huge and looks great the storyline scenes at the begining had me excited but when into the game in almost 2 hours after id done the first mission i didnt get one prompt to do anything else it was just wander around and get intel no real indication as to where to go or what to do. dont get me wrong im not a fan of hand holding in games but to just dump you into the world and say you're on your own go do something i wasnt impressed.if it had atleast taken you through a tutorial phase to get you into what needs to be done and then let you go on your way to tackle the rest of the game id have been happy.now i hope that im not alone in this feeling about the initial few hours of the game.this game has good potential and could be good fun once they iron out these issues but in its current state i cannot recommend it and would only rate it a 5/10 i have submitted a refund request and will look at picking it up again later on."
,Recommended,460930,30389506,Posted: 8 March,all,⊰ΜΔТТ … ZON⊱,10/10 IGN would play again.
76561198079018648,Not Recommended,460930,35067355,Posted: 19 September,all,Robin360CZ,"Very very badly optimized, my super powerful notebook runs it only on medium/low. Division looks ten times better and runs much much better. The game feels boring"
,Recommended,460930,30481067,Posted: 12 March,all,KittyLanah ✓,I <3 it
,Not Recommended,460930,30414064,Posted: 9 March,all,Major_Tinz,"First impressions are not good. No SLI support (Ubisoft recommend you only run one card!). Game controllers cause the game to judder and become unplayable. Feels more like an arcade game most of the time with endless waves of Unidad forces attacking you, even if you spend a lot of time being stealthy. Driving / piloting vehicles is awkward. Weapons range is weak. Hated the fact that I have to earn upgrades to get properly functional binoculars ... really, please be more imaginative than that ... like binoculars with IR/UV or Thermal or Sound Detection and Amplification etc. There are so many niggles that it's hard to enjoy the game. I am really dissapointed and feel that I have wasted £60+. That's the last time I pre-order. To top it all, it seems that all Nvidia GPUs apart from the 10 series appear to be gimped in recent titles too (probably Nvidia's fault though)."
,Not Recommended,460930,30445860,Posted: 11 March,all,andreas.santoro,Just crashing on start!Even after the newest patch
76561198255403086,Recommended,460930,30809933,Posted: 29 March,all,sl0wmagic,"buy-download-instal and play, haha"
76561198134536954,Not Recommended,460930,30733604,Posted: 25 March,all,SHOCKER,this game has the worst game play ever for a tom clancy game .NOT a game i would recomend to a freind
,Not Recommended,460930,33069581,Posted: 30 June,all,MisterPhillthy,As a huge Ghost Recon fan this was a massive disapointment.Fun to play with friends but single payer is so boring.
76561198137818011,Not Recommended,460930,30607046,Posted: 18 March,all,maxx.payne,"This has the idea of being a great game but at the moment it is unplayable duw to constant crashes and when I say constant I mean every single time I play it the only reason I have exited the game is because it has stopped working,"
76561198031204979,Not Recommended,460930,30383530,Posted: 7 March,all,Watchwire,Changing this review because I can play this game now. I simply cannot recommend this game. Pick it up if you have a group of friends to play it with because at times it can be an absolute blast but it's not very fun alone. The game itself is riddled with bugs and lazy game design; absolutely no love went into creating it and it feels like a cookie cutter Ubisoft game.
,Not Recommended,460930,30563620,Posted: 16 March,all,GrungePunk,The driving though! I refunded it. Would definitely pick up on a sale after all the bugs have been worked out and the mechanics have been improved.
,Recommended,460930,30424530,Posted: 10 March,all,I wanna do butt stuff with Mercy,"game owns, real good and fun. ppl r dumb"
,Not Recommended,460930,31328978,Posted: 23 April,all,Squigibo,"Forget stealth.  Forget what you thought Ghost Recon is supposed to be or was.  You don't need anything except a few friends with LMG's.   Steal a truck, everybody loads up, drive around until the game LITERALLY tells you where the bad guys are.  Drive there, Everybody cuts loose with LMG's.  Pick up your loot.  Rinse, repeat.Another dumbed down sequel, and they simply stamp ""Tom Clancy"" on the thing to make you think it's quality."
,Not Recommended,460930,30379381,Posted: 7 March,all,MrKrabs,"Vehicle control is clunky and utter crap, video is choppy and stutters constantly even on lowest settings, Forget about wearing a ghillie, it will make you hate your life because of how crap the engine handles how it flows. Great concept, total rip off of Just Cause, Just overall nightmare. Wait until they fix all the bull. THEN MAYBE give it  a try, dont waste your 60$ on it."
76561198026270424,Not Recommended,460930,30616139,Posted: 19 March,all,ACE,alot of glith
76561198134332524,Not Recommended,460930,30737766,Posted: 25 March,all,loanburger,"Too many bugs for a big title like this,  Looks amazing but I am experiencing randowm freezes even after the second patch."
76561198257513089,Not Recommended,460930,30737911,Posted: 25 March,all,Augtics ϟϟ,"Game is full of bugs and glitches. Encountered a gamebreaking glitch that won't allow me to progress in the game. I give this game 10/10 for customization options, but 2/10 for everything else. Ubisoft sucks as a developer."
76561197968434999,Not Recommended,460930,30978377,Posted: 6 April,all,NWG_Double-UC,"Played everything and unlocked all but the folding stocks.  I like the game in a lot of ways despite being massively dissapointed with it initially.  I had the expectation of a mixture of ARMA 3, GTA 5 and MG Phantom Pain.  Well I decided to let the game have a chance, enjoyed it for the most part.  Despite many issues with control, physics, and inexcusable AI.  However, at the end of the day it's about being able to experience what I pay for.  The programmers have not decided to embrace multi-gpu systems(2x 1080s, drivers are not as much of an issue as programming since the introduction of Win 10), the game has incredibly poor optimization.  I could let this go saying, fine they will work it out.  They haven't and likely won't, like many AAA games these days.  That is why I have purchased only the base version of the game; I don't wish to further support lazy devs.  For the grand finale, the one piece of the puzzle that really has destroyed the experience for me is the constant freeze up of the game.  I have to force close the application and restart it.  I have looked at the perposterous solutions out there of people saying you can fix the issue by using an SSD with the game(I'm using 4 SSDs in raid, 16Gb Ram and 4.8Ghz Quad core).  Ubi just can't seem to help themselves when dropping the ball.A harder AI does not mean give the AI aimbots and a .25 ms response time!  Did they have Devs bid on making the game; lowest quatliy possible.  The helicopter fix, lol, try BF4 controls before you screw it up in a new and boring way."
76561198051755671,Not Recommended,460930,30389144,Posted: 8 March,all,jasonhawkins41,"Crash, crash, crash, Glitch!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30706319,Posted: 24 March,all,Jdizzle,Crashing all the time! Repetative af and porly optimized. Not worth the money at all.
76561198452506237,Not Recommended,460930,30382774,Posted: 7 March,all,yeetsquad-heisenberg,this is crap my pc goes over the recomended specs but on very low everythingas low as you can  go i get a max of 15 frames i would not reccomend unless they better optimize the game
,Not Recommended,460930,32898122,Posted: 27 June,all,Jencryzthers,This game is having way to much perfomance issue to be fun to play! Not worth at 53.59$ CAD!!! (-33% off)
76561198042468109,Not Recommended,460930,30568610,Posted: 17 March,all,LordGuerra,"It is sad, I bought the game 2 days ago, game crashed. Have not played it yet after all this time now. Would like my refund please."
,Recommended,460930,30395935,Posted: 8 March,all,Volvic,Best game
76561198005708172,Not Recommended,460930,31181012,Posted: 16 April,all,AlexTheProfessional,"A Game that had great potential but plagued by repetitive missions and contents ( Ubisoft in a nutshell)  by half of the targets down i found the game be a chore. Also on many occassion they made me to do a missions without being detected  I like my games  to let me tackle the entire game the way i want  not forcing me to  do it the way the developpers want me to do it  especially a stealth/action open world. Also the game is  not optimized well you must have at least 4gb or Vram if you want to have decent textures (even if you don't even play in HD like 1360x768 and you still can't use medium texture at 60 fps) low texture are blurry as hell    the story is correct nothing more nothing less some funny bit here and there.  The Game as a large variety of  weapons selections sadly they all feel the same and the unique you get from  targets elimination are customization lock which make them useless at least for me.  There is also a in game Shop that sell outfit,weapons and XP boost  for crazy prices a outfit pack cost 20 ♥♥♥♥ing buck and the game has a seasons pass of 39,99. Also when i played the game first  the ground textures was not even loading properly and must of  the Ubisoft club rewards were not even working in game when i  unlocked them  in the app i had to go in the forum to fix problems myself Ubisoft support did jackshit to help me.  So yeah thank you Ubisoft for releasing once again a bugged game with a season pass to cost were i live   around 138$  and still put your cheap  microstransactions in you should give us credits for playing you damn game so we can buy those Store items instead of forcing us to pay for it  give us the choice this game is not a MMO its a ♥♥♥♥ing Stealth action oriented  Open world with limited contents. What is you most succesfull game Rainbow Six Siege why not follow this trend and reward us for playing your game if people want to buy with real $$$ good give them the option if people want to spend 20 hours to get enought credits to buy your shop stuff then give us the options."
,Not Recommended,460930,30866870,Posted: 31 March,all,McHall,"Winner for most disappointing ending since ME3. Glad I didn't spend the money on the extra♥♥♥♥♥♥Ultimately, I'm giving this game a thumbs down because the destination is not worth the effort you go through to get there.Do yourself a favor and don't buy this unless it's on a heavy sale. Just watch the endings on youtube."
76561198048115067,Not Recommended,460930,35464059,Posted: 3 October,all,WconnerW,Can't even play it. Corrupt update files over and over nothing works. Pure garbage stay away.
,Not Recommended,460930,30862591,Posted: 31 March,all,soupforks,Game sucksDon't buy from ubicucks
,Not Recommended,460930,30638841,Posted: 20 March,all,Kvooh,♥♥♥♥♥fps
76561198121228068,Recommended,460930,31683767,Posted: 11 May,all,Ubisoft™,"Before you buy, this game is all about:drone is airborne!♥♥♥♥ i need a better position!kill confirm!sh**ho**!Look I find a weapon's case--------10/10"
,Recommended,460930,31441186,Posted: 29 April,all,DELTA._.43,I wish I could describe just how great it is ! Could get a bit repetetive but it's worth all you got !
76561198061280977,Recommended,460930,30610239,Posted: 19 March,all,Wiggly Turd Man,This game is great. Ill be playing this ALOT more in the forseeable future. Also anticipating the pvp update.
76561198189328925,Recommended,460930,31461161,Posted: 30 April,all,engamrali3178,i love this game with every thing it have and need more extension for map with new missions and new things for wars
,Recommended,460930,32511246,Posted: 17 June,all,President Morty,gucci
,Not Recommended,460930,31369270,Posted: 25 April,all,SuicideMedic,You will be banned if you decide to use cheats in single player even though the Ubi Community Guidelines and ToU do not state it's against the rules.
76561198268548839,Not Recommended,460930,30729997,Posted: 25 March,all,TeddyBear爆裂胸毛,"Ubisoft you must be joking with me, after the update my archive lost! The most can not bear is that the game simply can not continue, an average of five minutes will crash the game! Hurry up to fix these problems, ah, I have not even have time to complain about the game countless BUG ..."
,Not Recommended,460930,30685418,Posted: 23 March,all,Drunk_N_Sailr,"First of all, the game itself is really nice. Large world, lots of things to do and an interesting storyline. But it gets absolutely ruind by the optimilization and low fps. I am running this game on a 1800X and 2 rx480s and i cant get the game to get 70 fps.... Furthermore the game freezes way too often while trying to save or load. I'd rate a 3/10, dont buy it."
76561198317836074,Not Recommended,460930,30866670,Posted: 31 March,all,Xeno_phobic,"Too many movement glitches, can not complete campaign when enemys can see you through walls, once you go prone and change wepons you can't fire, and can't drive in a straight line."
,Not Recommended,460930,31541377,Posted: 4 May,all,Poppadons,"This game would actually be funny if THE ♥♥♥♥ING GRENADE LAUNCHER ON THE GUN WORKED PROPERLY! Every single time you switch to the grenade launcher you just shoots a random bullet, and after a few seconds it shoots away a grenade, TOTALLY at the wrong place, which makes the helicopters impossible to kill. I mean cmon, game this big and expensive shouldnt have problems with a ♥♥♥♥ing grenade launcher. GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER AND FIX ITGame is fun, but you get mad as ♥♥♥♥ because of this. So NO, its not worth buying this piece of crap until they fix it."
76561198077712897,Not Recommended,460930,31615528,Posted: 7 May,all,random citizen,M
,Not Recommended,460930,30991300,Posted: 6 April,all,Ocelot,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,460930,31334598,Posted: 23 April,all,Wrigley (Doomlord),Overall a fun game....but it has a lot of bugs still and wonky driving physincs and hit detection
76561198039326983,Not Recommended,460930,30680153,Posted: 22 March,all,Micro,Would not reccommend at all. I'm embarassed to tell people I spent money on this game.
76561198271711596,Recommended,460930,31443374,Posted: 29 April,all,TubaLamb,Great game. Pretty demanding but if you tweak some settings in nvidia control panel it runs pretty decently at good quality (depending on your computer). I haven't tried co op yet but i hope i am in for a ride. thx Ubisoft but make it better optimized and give more options in the graphics bar in-game next time.
,Not Recommended,460930,33731349,Posted: 22 July,all,Kms,Rather play the division
,Not Recommended,460930,30975836,Posted: 6 April,all,Profile Name,"TLDR - The game has good elements that can make it enjoyable but it too often feels unfinished and outdated.I can't recommend this game, you will find enjoyment from it but you will also have to deal with problems that are down right pathetic in 2017.For example, majority of all FPS have exellent iron sites in 2017 but Wildlands iron sites feel as though they predate Bad Company 2. Scopes are also very basic and feel like a missed opportunity with your regular line up of 1X - 4X and some mixed scopes that don't really bring anything new to the table and only look passable.You will also have to deal with vehicles that handel horribly with some be driveable and some being almost undriveable. Mounted HMGs are also very underpowered and feel as though they are BB guns with them being able to get the job done but often times it feels as if your LMG could do just as good of a job if not better without the risk of death from the vehicle blowing up and killing you. APC is also very weak and easy and a small amount of rifle fire and blow it up.Heli's give you limited control and are difficult to crash but don't give you much freedom so unless you like heli safety simulator 2.0, you may find them to restrictive. Planes have less than realistic controls but I found them to be fine, with them feeling realistic enough to not feel as though I am riding a carnval ride and not a plane quickly out running enemy fire.Weapons all feel the same and generally handel the same. With slight differences, with some being able to modifiable and some surpressiable and having more damage or ROF and ect. Their sound is accepable but only the HMG on vehicles and planes sounds realistic. Weapons generally sound about 4 years out of date but they fine.Where the game become great I find is the mechanic where you are taking down bosses. Generally the missions range from so so to fun but the backstory is pretty darn awesome. With the bosses having well defined realistic characters that leave you thinking about how you would react to them in real life rather than ""Oh look it a badguy, he sure is bad."".Another great element is the map different zones. Being able to fight in jungle, desert, and on the lake front is awesome and helps to break up the game as it grows repetitive from missions.AI dialog can also be quite enjoyable to listen to with it feeling authentic but somtimes getting repetitive as the AI runs out of new lines and just says the same thing over and over."
76561197987499328,Recommended,460930,31835012,Posted: 18 May,all,RADIKU,"HONESTLY, I SAW THE TRAILER AND I WAS WAITING FOR THE GAME AND THEN I THOUGH IT WAS A UBISOFT GAME AND I KINDA LOST HOPE BUT REALLY OVERALL.....THEY FINALLY LIVED UP TO WHAT THEY PROMISED IN THE TRAILER.GOOD JOB UBISOFT,  KEEP IT UP."
,Recommended,460930,31423338,Posted: 28 April,all,Spooky Joãozinho Dentinho 4K HD,issa naisse
76561198077086893,Recommended,460930,30531298,Posted: 15 March,all,_TUZLAK_BIH_,hi
76561198067297534,Not Recommended,460930,31059889,Posted: 10 April,all,Re-L Mayer,fun game but driving mechanics is the worst i have seen ever....Edit: Forcing you to install Easyanticheat is stupid. This program ruins your fps and has the right to take screenshots whenever the dev wants. Definition of a keylogger. NO THANKS.
76561198064948093,Recommended,460930,30380787,Posted: 7 March,all,the-unhappy-machine-boy,Fun Fun FUN. Dont think just buy it!
,Recommended,460930,30428647,Posted: 10 March,all,jack,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▐░░░░░░▄▄▄░░▄██▄░░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ U HAVE BEEN LEL'D AT BY THE▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄LELING SKELETON░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▐▌LEL AT 5 PPL OR SKELETONS WILL EAT YOU
,Recommended,460930,35106490,Posted: 21 September,all,☆|SerYX|☆,tdessa
,Recommended,460930,31243545,Posted: 19 April,all,Marou,"Great game. Great quality.Anything with "" Tom Clancy's""  is gonna be at least a 9/10"
,Recommended,460930,31423756,Posted: 28 April,all,Growkind Jenkins,The driving is very good
76561198367817654,Not Recommended,460930,31781560,Posted: 15 May,all,Jewpetto,"No pvp mode, classic ubi. You get no replayibility with this game so be warned."
76561197993439334,Not Recommended,460930,30436693,Posted: 10 March,all,Fragasm,"Great idea, poor execution.I have a slightly aged i7 3770 and a gtx 1080. My framerate wasn't much of an issue at 1440p after tweaking some graphics  options.My problem is the obnoxious texture loading, the atrocious load times (on Samsung EVO 850 SSD, mind you), and most of all -- the desyncing issues in multiplayer.Even playing solo, entire road sections would fail to load at all and would simply be blurry. Objectives like cars and NPC's would be invisible, and the game would feeze as if it were loading often.When it works, which isn't often, it can be fun -- but the bugs really drown everything out.Skip this one."
,Not Recommended,460930,31854449,Posted: 19 May,all,Tredz,This game is another example as to why you should stop buying anything with Ubisoft in the name. Just waisted hours of my life i will never regain and will forever regret because the storyline start to finish is♥♥♥♥♥♥ You find out at the end you are basically a waste of a sperm cell and yout mission was completely worthless because more cartels are gonna be formed and you didnt even get to kill the main bad ♥♥♥♥♥. some ugly hoe kills him for you.♥♥♥♥♥♥story Ubisoft. Just end it now.
76561198362382055,Not Recommended,460930,31174919,Posted: 16 April,all,Ruben Hund,It's ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
76561198324648405,Not Recommended,460930,32913689,Posted: 27 June,all,tonghongchieh,Why I cannot use fast travel?? What a bug???
76561198340575813,Recommended,460930,34539048,Posted: 27 August,all,ZYOOD,Is good game <3
76561198160568816,Recommended,460930,30481298,Posted: 12 March,all,EvilArt__,good game
,Recommended,460930,32377698,Posted: 12 June,all,Something,funey game recomended for kids :))
76561198069363169,Recommended,460930,33667945,Posted: 20 July,all,Dr. Bum,"Genuinely one of the BEST Clancy games EVER!Horrificaly Realistic StorylineGood character developmentAn OVERWHLEMING ammount of contentBeautiful sceneryDiverse environmentONLINE - works with people in China and US playing together9/10  AMAZING!*Note: nothing gets a 10/10 in my book, so this is the BEST rating I give"
,Not Recommended,460930,30813745,Posted: 29 March,all,D34DCH3F,"Theoretically, I'm sure this is a great game.  I've only been able to put about 17 hours into it though, because every time I load it up, it starts running my CPU at 92% and above.  The optimization is absolutely horrible, so there's no enjoying how great the game is until they fix the biggest issue that more than half the people who bought the game on day 1 are still having...Same problem I've had with multiple Ubisoft games in the recent years.  They rush through end processes to meet deadlines, and wind up releasing a buggy/ poorly optimized game that more than half of people can't play.  Same problem I'm having with most games these days, these companies are focued on quantity over quality."
,Not Recommended,460930,30433656,Posted: 10 March,all,Vengeance643[NOR],glitchy/bad controlls and weapon handling. Boring and repetitive missions. The only good is the graphics! Feels like a bad GTA version!
,Not Recommended,460930,30392179,Posted: 8 March,all,Bad-Raccoon,"This game is like Fallout 4 Prestons Settlement missions. Its the same mission over and over, go here kill everyone, go here kill everyone. Just Like the fallout 4 meme. ""Theres another settlement that needs your help"" Instead in this game its ""Theres another resistant group that needs your help"".After playing for a while, I noticed Ubisoft is locking majority of customization items behind pay walls. Game has over 200$ worth of content in day 1 locked behind paywall.After playing for a while, the game really grows on you, its a great game, but once again, greed by a company hiding content from the players is just horrible."
,Not Recommended,460930,30387491,Posted: 8 March,all,Lugia,UBISOFT can never make game without errors
,Not Recommended,460930,30385867,Posted: 7 March,all,General Popasquat,"I would like to give this game a positive review, however, I can't even play the game. I spent 70$ on this and expected to be able to play it upon release, but the game crashes upon starting a new game. I followed all the recommended procedures on the ""known issues page."" That includes running as administrator, verifying game caches, resinstalling the game, but it still crashes every time. Perhaps after a few updates the game will be playable and it could change my mind regarding this review."
76561198280314550,Not Recommended,460930,31390400,Posted: 27 April,all,✪ RajputP,"The game is best after some patches, game play is good, graphics and details are really awesome. However, now pricing for Steam games in India is equal to US pricing. For example this game i brought pre-order @ 1799 INR, now the price is changed to 4199 INR for the same product. The same goes to For Honor which is 4199 INR, both this games are available on Origin @ 1999 INR. I really don't know why only Steam has removed regional pricing. We can't purchase games now at this prices, Ubisot please set regional prices for India, i am not able to purchase season pass for this games since you have set 2499 INR for season pass, whereas the same season pass available on Origin is @ 999 INR."
76561197985728699,Not Recommended,460930,30406335,Posted: 9 March,all,mbh,Just plain boring :(
,Not Recommended,460930,31233148,Posted: 19 April,all,jOTOFAR,"This game is a hot steaming pile of garbage with nothing to do other than repetative missions.Nothing in this game is good. The leveling in it is horse♥♥♥♥♥♥with terrible talents. The guns and gun upgrades are pointless after you unlock that one specifc rifle that is best for any situation. The open world aspect is trash because all it really is, is an obsticale to get in your way of doing more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ quest.I bought it and I hated every moment of it just thinking to myself, when am I going to uninstall it? Should I refund it? Is it too late to refund?"
,Not Recommended,460930,30394717,Posted: 8 March,all,ケヴイン| xN1V3K ツ,Bugs Bugs Bugs. =)
,Not Recommended,460930,30516148,Posted: 14 March,all,Razgriz,Game looks great but on 2 980's run in sli it is stuttering horribly even on lower settings. Love the concept and attitude of the game but the performance issues ruin it for me. i would not reccomend it to anyone looking for good performence with sli. If it would run perfectly i would be in love with it but as is it pains me to play.
,Not Recommended,460930,34362129,Posted: 19 August,all,-= MaⓓStrategy =-,Biggest waste of money ever. ahahahah ♥♥♥♥ i'd rather buy dayz again xD
76561198169544071,Not Recommended,460930,30433214,Posted: 10 March,all,Taint Tickler,"have an i5-6500 and a GTX 1060(6GB) playing on high preset and it is constanly using 100% of my CPU and GPU, poorly optomized.Game is fun but freezes up for like 5 seconds every so often, wait till it is fixed before purchasing."
76561198193167803,Not Recommended,460930,30406624,Posted: 9 March,all,从前有个大大大大象@！,"OMG,DAMN THE LOADING!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30658416,Posted: 21 March,all,frik,"The game crashed evertime I've tried to lounch the game, just after the splash screen.I've asked for a refund and got it the next day.I'll just wait for a while and try it again, meanwhile I'm back to GTAV."
,Not Recommended,460930,30545423,Posted: 16 March,all,Caffz,I wouldn't bother....
,Not Recommended,460930,30468775,Posted: 12 March,all,MiNiCancKid,"Pooooooooor optimization. Frame drop every 5 SECONDS! Literally unplayable. I looked forward to this game especially after the division was a spectacular flop, and Ubisoft dropped the ball again. Stick to Far Cry if you want an open world shooter."
,Not Recommended,460930,30805544,Posted: 28 March,all,asher cs.money,This game is very wonky and the gameplay is sub-par. Not worth $60
76561198061557225,Not Recommended,460930,31489004,Posted: 1 May,all,dalton133ism,"The camera controls are the worse thing I've seen since Super Mario 64 and Superman 64. Seriously, not the graphics, the CONTROLS are what you need to look at. Sticks you in 3rd person and MAKES you switch to 1st person when you aim. There's no way to make the camera stay one or the other, you have to play the game switching disorienting views anytime you want to shoot."
,Not Recommended,460930,30665852,Posted: 22 March,all,What?,so boring after 48hrs in game. monotone gameplay
,Recommended,460930,30372790,Posted: 7 March,all,FRESH.PRNCE,♥♥♥♥in Grinded the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of beta lit. ♥♥♥♥in buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 rah P.S get the grill she got nice bottoms
,Not Recommended,460930,30464200,Posted: 11 March,all,Warren,"Im not even gonna waste my time typing a paragrah, so let me just simplify my review. This game has no story, AI are trash, and gets repetitive. If you enjoy grinding for gear doing the same thing over and over with no story whatsoever then this is the game for you. If you enjoy playing with friends for fun shooting at bad guys this game is for you. If you value storyline and plot development you should not waste your money. I knew this game would be trash from the very start, and during the open beta I ended up saying ""60 dollars my♥♥♥♥♥quot;. But I ended up buying it anyways because despite all its flaws I still enjoy the pro's of the game which are good gunplay, mechanics, and character movement. Other than that it is a running up hill simulator 2017 or parachuting from a small ledge into a valley of farm land. At this point I just realized I typed a paragrah, ♥♥♥♥. This is just not worth 60 dollars, maximum 30. And if you want to go even deeper than this Ubisoft is a multi million dollar company and there ""delux edition"" is for idiots who have money and don't even care to read the perks of being a ""deluxe"" buyer. It is just cosmetics and a couple of vehicles. Waste of time and money imo and ubisoft should be stopped. They ♥♥♥♥ed up rainbow six seige, the division, for honor, and now Ghost Recon Wildlands. Ubisoft could be making billions a dollar a day by caring about there work but all they do is pay a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money for websites that give reviews and spend all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money on advertizements on the reviewers site. Which isn't ""bribery"" but is giving money to them. Which definitly doesn't change there influence. They have not only done this though, they have RELENTLESSLY created alot of ads and got this game hyped since 2015. Just like the division. All they do is build up hype and get people hooked on what the game could be and when people actually play it they realize that after a couple of hours the game is boring. No mans sky v2 imo, but it will I keep playing it? Yes. Why? because I want a game that I can just hop onto and just play around for a while and shoot up things and do stealthy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do i give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the story? ♥♥♥♥ no, there is no story. No plot development NOTHING. But i will keep playing it until I get bored of doing the same thing over and over. Thank you Ubisoft for tricking into people buying so many of your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games worth 60 dollars just for the game (not including the ♥♥♥♥ing bonus content or DLC content) and not giving quality in return. Look at any ubisoft game and you can see that it is just an overpriced peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥that deserves to die. This is why Indie developers or indie games are the best games on the market. They are cheap, and you know that the developer put hard work into it because if he doesnt he will have wasted over a year or even more depending on the game quality. If you want a REAL game worth your money look at old games that have been around for years and still have a HUGE player data base. GTA 5, GTA 4, ArmA 3, any indie games, and even minecraft. Biggest waste of money and time I have ever spent, I could've been working during this time and making more than 60 dollars and pay for better games. 20.7 hours down the drain and more to come. Thanks Ubisoft for another great quality advertizemnt then dissapointment while playing it. Will ubisoft continue to do this? ♥♥♥♥ yeah! They got so much ♥♥♥♥ing money they will keep making this. The only way we can stop them from doing this is to just NOT BUY THERE GAMES. No matter how much advertizements they put out there, if the game is not good then dont buy it. If you want a credible reviewers then please check out the links under. They are being VERY generous of giving it higher than a 50% rating. My personal rating of this game is 3/10http://www.pcworld.com/article/3179415/gaming/ghost-recon-wildlands-review-400-square-kilometers-of-emptiness-but-it-sure-is-pretty.htmlhttp://www.pcgamer.com/ghost-recon-wildlands-review/If you want to have a laugh at some proof of bad reviewers check out this link. This just goes to show that people are gulliable even reviewers. Please make sure you check all the reviews of the game before buying it, not just random people that thumb up and say something dumb like ""Best game! Running simulator 2017 thumbs up!"" Go to actualy websites dedicated to this and not only one. Minimum of 6 - 10. Because reviewers like the one below are just influence biased reviewers.http://www.gamesradar.com/ghost-recon-wildlands-review/"
76561198070778273,Not Recommended,460930,30878167,Posted: 1 April,all,Cal5ifer,"Very boring and repetitive. Looks great, but as someone who doesn't care about graphics the game play is what matter and its just not there at all.  In my opinion Far Cry 3 was the same game but better."
76561198295422656,Recommended,460930,30383230,Posted: 7 March,all,GangstaMouse,1/10 to many boobies
,Not Recommended,460930,30745381,Posted: 26 March,all,The_Silencer_Kay,"Too much rain and night, too many bugs"
,Not Recommended,460930,30520324,Posted: 14 March,all,Zaddpotbl,very bad game ughhh awfulll
76561198018633115,Not Recommended,460930,30379951,Posted: 7 March,all,Žomek,if you dont have friends to play with it is boring graphic dosent look so good either like on pictures it that type of game get to point from a to b alltime no new enemies this game has nothing to offer. no story big let down worth maybe 20 euro but not 60 ANOTHER UBISOFT LIE
76561198255914948,Not Recommended,460930,30788902,Posted: 28 March,all,Nosta82,"""Purchases made in this region will only receive the Russian, simplified Chinese and English (Audio only) languages.""I live and work in China but I am from UK. Why can't I get an English version ? Had to refund and really want to play it but cant recommend it to English speaking players living in Asia."
,Not Recommended,460930,30940492,Posted: 4 April,all,Seansna,"not fun witout friends, would not reccomed unless u just play for a bit to wait for friends to hop on and do stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥wit you"
,Not Recommended,460930,30397464,Posted: 8 March,all,viperbmws,"I love the game, But it is not well optmized and runs like garbage, no matter the settings.  I will re purchase at a later date if they fix the frame rate issues."
76561198086162595,Not Recommended,460930,30407060,Posted: 9 March,all,DEATHGODZZ,this game is not for me its like GTA 6 .   boring game if you dont have friends to play with . i like the divisionif you want to buy a ubisoft game just buy rainbow six siege .
76561198091547612,Not Recommended,460930,31423575,Posted: 28 April,all,Franz von Væterland,今天特价了，想去虐虐萌新，结果playu登不上去。吗的就住在服务器国内 我在纽约
,Not Recommended,460930,30525201,Posted: 15 March,all,ChilouX,Wildlands - best cure against insomnia.
76561198200049841,Not Recommended,460930,30422611,Posted: 10 March,all,lethalt66,un optimised mess on gtx 970 the only way i can get 60fps is at 1080p all special settings off and graphics so low i dont even have shadows at my feet.
76561198288946479,Not Recommended,460930,35403991,Posted: 1 October,all,Hey.. Michael,Got the game played it for 50 hours then didn't go back. Not worth the money sorry
,Not Recommended,460930,30985187,Posted: 6 April,all,slenderm8,IT DOESNT WONT TO START
76561198004871476,Not Recommended,460930,30412203,Posted: 9 March,all,Relic O' Justice™,"It crashes straight after the loading screen, this was present in the beta and hasn't been fixed, It's not to do with my PC because it meets all the technical necessitys needed, just some people (including me) just can't run the game with no reason given."
,Recommended,460930,32210773,Posted: 5 June,all,Noblesdown,"Shoot up conservative losers destroying Bolivia. Love the game, fun and well worth the money."
76561198328575486,Recommended,460930,31460716,Posted: 30 April,all,minegamevc95,these best game gun of the year
76561198128435680,Not Recommended,460930,30675331,Posted: 22 March,all,TheLastLegend,Super buggy and very unplayable. Just wait till they fix everything then buy.
76561198127197291,Not Recommended,460930,30542790,Posted: 16 March,all,Sam Reaper,this game is bull sht i just buy the game and i cant even play it when i launch it play the audio and little in the begnning and it crash when i start to play it just went to desktop wtf and i am using a laptop that is use to play game only if that doesnt play nothing willl is republic of gaming too . so me rank this game is a big fat zero thank you very much for nothing and it cost me $60 dollars and waste $60 dollars of nothing so my review this game suck even it is new with this much bug is not worth $60 if i know it have this kind of bug i wont even want to buy it. thank you and have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ nice day
,Recommended,460930,31443923,Posted: 29 April,all,GabenOurLord,"""Would play again"" 10/10-IGNI like the weapons skins, should cost real money so i can make some profit!"
76561198130800010,Not Recommended,460930,30763373,Posted: 26 March,all,E1CH BARL,terrible game!!! does not play with my account and restarts everytime with a new player plus uplay will not help fix it
,Not Recommended,460930,31069356,Posted: 10 April,all,rockajaw,Ending was trash. No replayability. Takes 22 hours total to get 100% on it. Not worth 60 bucks.
,Not Recommended,460930,30486655,Posted: 13 March,all,rifftor,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, too arcady, full of bugs."
,Recommended,460930,31208516,Posted: 17 April,all,nada,best game ever
76561198044592183,Recommended,460930,31442306,Posted: 29 April,all,SHR3D,"3.3 hrs in and loving this game. The world is huge & beautiful, alot of customizations, missions, driving around is fun as hell with friends. Super good game."
76561198056985557,Not Recommended,460930,30596046,Posted: 18 March,all,Chronic Depression,"Crashes after i spress srat game, couldnt even play it and all my computer spec exceed minimum requirements. waited four years just to be dissapointed."
76561198223370084,Not Recommended,460930,30376181,Posted: 7 March,all,Dario92ck,After 5 min of playing I got a massage saying that my game is outdated and crashed to desktop and ubisoft support is well there isnt any
76561198031536387,Not Recommended,460930,30763379,Posted: 26 March,all,Zer0°,"I was reading reviews and copied this from Cobra420. It's exactly how'd id descriped the game..""This started out as an awsome game but it turned out to be a really long long same missions over and over 1,000,000 times. The vehicle and flight dynamics are out of a game i would say was 3rd world. Really need vehicle improvements, and the AI doesnt listen so well in tactical response. I truley would not have purchased for the amount i payed had i known how repetative the game is and the quality of the vehicle drivability. Wait for it to go on sale!"""
76561198322063969,Recommended,460930,32283405,Posted: 8 June,all,Isuckatthisgame,This is the game I have always wanted tom clancy to make. If you're a ghost recon fan you'll love this game.
,Not Recommended,460930,30439998,Posted: 10 March,all,Wild Bill Kelso (BOB),"I couldn't get my controller or keyboard to work with this game. Even after I disconected my Xbox One controller, the game still showed it connected. I had to sit through the starting video, and when I got to the start menu I couldn't even start it. Seems like it's still in beta. Not a pleasant purchase. Said I played the game for 24 minutes, but I could never even get the game started. Asking for a refund."
76561198063731486,Not Recommended,460930,30865200,Posted: 31 March,all,GunsMan,"Absolute ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥ I bought this game and I spent the two hours before I could refund it trying to make the online work, the only reason I have time on it at all is from me trying to get my money's worth from this broken♥♥♥♥♥♥shit, It says my NAT type is offline, I have contacted support, port forwarded, ♥♥♥♥ed with my router, everything and none of this works and im out 60 dollars. DO NOT buy this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥the only good part about it is multiplayer and if you don't have dat you don't got♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ you Ubicunt."
76561198207901985,Not Recommended,460930,32567315,Posted: 19 June,all,harry-k-9,Crap!!!!!
,Not Recommended,460930,32569835,Posted: 19 June,all,Myrddin wyllt {Merlin},ถ้าเล่นคนเดียวน่าเบื่อสัสเล่นได้ 10 กว่าชมก็ เริ่มเบื่อแล้ว แต่ถ้ามี PVP เห็นบอกกำลังจะมา รออีกนานแน่ๆ
,Recommended,460930,32577544,Posted: 19 June,all,"HI, I´M ALLAN","BEST GAME EVER !!!PLAY IT, JUST PLAY IT !!!"
,Not Recommended,460930,31171087,Posted: 15 April,all,kungfudrew76,"It might be good, but it crashes before I can even play it."
,Not Recommended,460930,30400587,Posted: 8 March,all,JoshuaWashua,"Cannot reccommend this to anyone, unless you like freezing, low frame rates, horrific driving mechanics.Pros-Looks good-ish (some textures are lower quality than others)-Easily join friends-Okay combatCons-Boring story-Horrible driving mechanics (it's like the dirt is made of butter)-Frame rate is terrible considering I have a GTX 1070. Had it on Very High.-Random freezes from time to time.Ubisoft letting us down once again. RIP Ubisoft."
,Recommended,460930,30387058,Posted: 8 March,all,MichaChaos,"PROS:The world is massive, 5 times bigger than GTA V, and very varied. There are forests, jungles, swamps, deserts, mountains etc.The story is very long and will keep you occupied for a while. There are also lots of collectibles and side missions once you beat the story.Co-op is easy and quick to join.Beautiful graphics even on lowAwesome combat system and stealth. The enemies are not bullet sponges so the guns feel like real guns. Also on extreme difficulty, you die from 2 or 3 bullets so it is very realistic.Lots of weapons, skills and clothes to unlock to make your character how you want.CONS:Cars are very slidey (it's like driving on ice), however I did get used to them after a while. The other alternative is motorbikes, which have good handling and are a lot faster anyway.Not well optimised (although most people are exaggerating it)That's pretty much all the cons. Get this game if you are into open world shooters such as Far Cry and GTA. It reminds me of ARMA 3 but with less controls and much better for more casual gamers.PS. I just finished the game on regular difficulty after 95 hours and I started a second playthrough on extreme. I can tell you it is much more fun on extreme. There are no red clouds on the map to indicate enemies are nearby so you will have to do recon before every mission and you are not a bullet sponge anymore so you have to be very careful.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------The DLC:I see a lot of negative reviews about the DLC, which really annoys me because they're posting them here. This is the review page for the base game. If you want to review the DLC please go to the season pass page or the individual DLC pages.Now here's my opinion. The first DLC, Narco Road, is terrible. Don't get it. All the things fun about the base game, like stealth, weapon customization, levelling up are all gone. It turns into a weird racing game where you don''t use any tactics, just run and gun all over the place. Not good, unless you like that stuff, in which case, I don't know why you bought Ghost Recon in the first place.The second DLC, Fallen Ghosts, is amazing. More difficult enemies, more emphasis on stealth, knives, very silent crossbows etc. It is possibly better than the base game and I wish they had made more missions like these in the base game.Do not get the season pass. Get Fallen Ghosts on its own."
,Not Recommended,460930,30938795,Posted: 4 April,all,Vuut,"Im honestly dissapointed Ubisoft.From watching the trailers the game looked fun, interactive, intresting and most importently replayableSo I said: ""alright awsome ima buy this game""I have a GTX 960 4GB and 8 RAM i think im able to run it on Very High - Ultra 40 FPSAfter 14 hours of downloading it,I get greeted with a cute main menuI crank up the Video Settings and set offI notice the terriable FPS drops and I lowerd the video settingI had to lower them to High to get just 35 - 40 FPS? with my Video Card? Bullsh*t.Instantly upon joining the game I felt the movment was a bit weird  let alone aiming was awkwardI hopped inside a car and noticed the weird AI running around the car like idiots untill they got in with glitchy animationsone of them simply gave up and teleported in the carI started Driving and of course noticed the God Awful Driving mechanics, It felt like i was driving on a road covered with butter. The physics are even worse, You can scale an almost 90 degree mountain with your bike at full speed no problemYou can jump off the mountain with your bike no problem and as you land you continue in full speedThe shooting was pretty good aswell as the stealth system, tho it could of been better if the A.I wasnt ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥The game itself is very very repedetive. Go there. Kill the bad guys. Do that thing (interrogate, kill, collect some random♥♥♥♥♥♥etc..) and do it over and over and over and over againThe In game menu is so cluttered and is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to navigateThere are lots of weapons but you will see yourself using maybe 6 out of all of themPlay this only if you have friends so you can atleast get a giggle out of this poorly optimized, glitchy, wonky, repedetive piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥4\10 It tried to be everything, ended up being nothing."
,Not Recommended,460930,30512080,Posted: 14 March,all,nigga what kind of shoes r those,fam this game buffers more than youtube in 2006steam comon dog give me a refund
,Not Recommended,460930,30415203,Posted: 9 March,all,ivobrowny,"I have a i7-6700k and 2x GTX 980 SLI with GSync.The game crashed twice after the initial load window. Afterwards, it crashed once after the Nvidia Intro.Then it performed poorly already in the menu. Character creation was around 7-9fps (!). The game - although I had set it to lowest settings, but still at 3440x1440px, ran at around 9-12fps. I made sure I had newst GPU drivers etc., made sure nothing is eating resources. After rebooting twice, still, the application ocassionally freezes and does not properly load into the game."
,Recommended,460930,30378775,Posted: 7 March,all,Azariz,"This game, is not as many people say, the AI is not stupidthe people saying the AI is just stupid, are probably playing on VERY EASY COS I ARE NOOB!the game is beautifulif you play with your friends, you will surely enjoy itif you play alone, then use this:Ingredients6 ounces (170g) bittersweet or semisweet chocolate, chopped6 ounces (170g) unsalted butter, cut into small pieces1/4 cup (60ml) dark-brewed coffee4 large eggs, separated2/3 cup (170g), plus 1 tablespoon sugar2 tablespoons (30ml) dark rum1 tablespoon (15ml) waterpinch of salt1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract1. Heat a saucepan one-third full with hot water, and in a bowl set on top, melt together the chocolate, butter and coffee, stirring over the barely simmering water, until smooth. Remove from heat.2. Fill a large bowl with ice water and set aside.3. In a bowl large enough to nest securely on the saucepan of simmering water, whisk the yolks of the eggs with the 2/3 cup of sugar, rum, and water for about 3 minutes until the mixture is thick, like runny mayonnaise. (You can also use a handheld electric mixer.)4. Remove from heat and place the bowl of whipped egg yolks within the bowl of ice water and beat until cool and thick, as shown in the photo above. Then fold the chocolate mixture into the egg yolks.5. In a separate bowl, beat the egg whites with the salt until frothy. Continue to beat until they start to hold their shape. ship in the tablespoon of sugar and continue to beat until thick and shiny, but not completely stiff, then the vanilla.6. Fold one-third of the beaten egg whites into the chocolate mixture, then fold in the remainder of the whites just until incorporated, but don't overdo it or the mousse will lose volume.7. Transfer the mousse to a serving bowl or divide into serving dishes, and refrigerate for at least 4 hours, until firm. Serving: I like to serve the chocolate mousse as it is, maybe with just a small dollop of whipped cream; it neither needs, nor wants, much adornment. Storage: The mousse au chocolat can be refrigerated for up to 4 days."
,Not Recommended,460930,30429149,Posted: 10 March,all,Trawi,"Say Hallo to Ubisoft and f**king NAT status :-) Such a beautiful coop game with wonderfull graphics, physics and co-op ways how to solve missions. But... What can i do when i cant play with my friend, cos we have strict NAT? So sad story Ubi..."
,Not Recommended,460930,30678256,Posted: 22 March,all,D-Double  J,3/10 i wish i could buy anything else instead
,Not Recommended,460930,30403036,Posted: 8 March,all,Connor,NAT OFFLINE cant play with anyone nice !
76561198059020125,Not Recommended,460930,30493507,Posted: 13 March,all,Stiffup,"What can I say bout Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon - Wildlands, other than I asked for a refund after 48 minutes of gameplay.- Lip sync is just straight horrible. Listening and watching the characters talk really annoyed me. The mouth was just moving all over the place, nowhere near synced.-Driving, wow, so bad. I have played a lot of driving games in the past, all the GTAs, along with the Far Cry series. This game takes the cake as the worst driving experience I have ever seen. While driving, it feels like you are on a sheet of ice the entire time, while the camera is all over the place. Helicopters took about 10 seconds to learn, that wasn’t bad. Just driving cars and motorcycles was the worst.- Movement, bleh. Movement is your standard movement controls, nothing confusing about it. The issue I saw was unlike some of the newer games; Horizon Zero Dawn, the movement feels older. What I mean is the movement feels like its coming from games from the mid 2000's. There is no real animation to it, almost like the bottom of the legs are moving, but the torso is still.- Killing people. The shooting was fun and accurate. Drones and setting up the team sync was cool. But this is pretty much the only cool aspect of the game.-Story. It is not fare for me to try to judge the story since I only played 48 minutes of the game. The only issue I have is, would a drug cartel member really give up his boss’s location after 30 seconds of interrogation...he didn’t even try to escape.Overall, I might get the game again if it comes on a deep sale…a very deep sale."
76561198004867631,Not Recommended,460930,30479411,Posted: 12 March,all,Frosty,"The game itself is okay enough, but only if it was released in 2012 graphics wise i think compared to for example the division, it is very poor. Yes there are physics on some components in the game, but at the start you walk over a soaked wet dirt road with no effect on the ground. When a vehicle passes a bush, the bush goes through the vehicle.Weapon modifications are nice in the game, but shooting and aiming is way too unrealstic.The thing i find most offensive is that the game uses a ingame store to buy stuff for real money, if the devs want such a feature they should have made it free to play.Character custimisation is nice, but you can choose a couple of different faces, hairdo's, and beards and that is it. Should have been a bit more in depth.And then you have the issues that the game needs to be installed on your OS-drive, validate your files 2 or 3 times after each update or else it won't work.This game in its current state is not worth 60 bucks."
,Not Recommended,460930,30449863,Posted: 11 March,all,Encognito,"If you enjoy glitchy gameplay, lagging graphics, repetitive missions while following a relatively interesting storyline... Then THIS game is for YOU!You too can enjoy mission vehicles not spawning, waypoints not updating AND the inability to ""complete"" a mission!  If you thought ""Man, I wish driving vehicles was way more difficult"", do I have GOOD news!  Incomplete instructions for operating aircraft?  You've got it!Thought this might be like The Division?  Nope.  Enjoy the banter between squadmates?  Great!  Hope you enjoy hearing the same jokes over and over..."
76561198178132809,Recommended,460930,30401791,Posted: 8 March,all,Sevareth,Perfection
76561197967930566,Not Recommended,460930,30787106,Posted: 27 March,all,turkinolith,"Horrible PC version, constantly crashes when trying to load into the game. Seems to be related to loading/saving data at the same time.Makes it require 4-5 loads before you can get in game, and then you have a random chance to crash at any given point."
76561198066038404,Not Recommended,460930,30442379,Posted: 11 March,all,inebrianus,"Glitchy, buggy. The game's still in its alpha state.1. Whenever I play the game. an error message shows up saying I should close the program to prvent loss of memory.2. Sometimes cars and motocycles without drivers run the street.3. Enemys can't see the teammates even when they are staring directly at them at an arm's reach.So stupidly unrealistic.1. I barely got a scratch even when;- I crashed a helicopter on a side of a hill while piloting it.- My helo got hit by enemy AA missile. The craft exploded and subsequently crashed on the ground. No injuries.2. A drug cartel has anti air defense systems and drone jammer intalled on its bases across the country yet theonly weapons America's most leathal spec-ops team can initially handle is a lousy assault rifle and a submachinegun?3. A shot fired from a ""sniper rifle"" I took from an enemy sentry couldn't reach its target at 400m? Even a shot from anassault rifle shouldn't do that.4. I shot down about 4 Apaches with light machine gun without getting more ammo.5. And even after that those Apaches kept teleporting in."
76561198066769088,Not Recommended,460930,30536360,Posted: 15 March,all,Gucci Sosa,"The game is fun for a while but just gets boring fast I returned it,Dont get it!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30488346,Posted: 13 March,all,Jet Alone,I meet the recommended specs but a 380 will not run this game on the lowest PSP graphics. There are serious performance issues with this game I can play games that look much better than this on 100+ FPS. This game is just an unoptimized turd.
,Not Recommended,460930,30528760,Posted: 15 March,all,Yiming,Another dumb game made by Ubisoft
,Not Recommended,460930,30499897,Posted: 13 March,all,Gangsta,"Ubisoft: Whoo! And done. We just finished a fantastic, fun, open world game!Players: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it actually is good! Way to go Ubisoft!Ubisoft: We did good? Finally! But... we cant be too good. I know, lets make it where NAT types ♥♥♥♥ up the whole super cool 4 player coop mode! This way, players cant be happy and play with their friends.Way to go Ubi. You guys made such a fun game, GOOD, game. Yet you screw up everything with your damn servers or whatever messing with the NAT types... The Divison worked, cant you just do it like that or something? Honestly, I had hope in you guys then this... sheesh."
,Not Recommended,460930,32208594,Posted: 5 June,all,Stalinovskovichdavidovitchsky,"Roses are red,Birds love to fly,When I played this game,I just wanted to die."
,Not Recommended,460930,31172571,Posted: 16 April,all,palO,"Online is broken, apparently requires work arounds with forwarding your router port or what not. Wouldn't even bother."
76561198277791342,Not Recommended,460930,30474892,Posted: 12 March,all,GoW.Ares,FIX YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!!! Crashes every 10 minutes. I wouldnt buy until its actually complete and not still a beta.
76561198255760730,Not Recommended,460930,31146475,Posted: 14 April,all,Dylan [2LiC],This game was a waste of money. 0/10
76561198155170963,Not Recommended,460930,30408478,Posted: 9 March,all,LaKe,It crashes a LOT
76561198101654893,Not Recommended,460930,33749462,Posted: 23 July,all,buerg187,5-
76561198085922058,Not Recommended,460930,31372070,Posted: 26 April,all,Runis,This game is trash
76561198181221765,Recommended,460930,30374741,Posted: 7 March,all,SPARTAN,Why I always crash????my specAMD FX (tm) 9370 eight-core processormemory 16 GBVGA Nvidia 1070did it a bugs?
76561197979344109,Not Recommended,460930,30421958,Posted: 9 March,all,Zonum JPN,"Well, I really wanted to play this game as I have not been this excited for a new release since The Phantom Pain. I have a trusty laptop that is rock solid that rarely crashes. However, this game apparently was too much for it to handle. I could not go longer than 15 minutes of playtime before the game became unresponsive. I tried the game with SLI on and off and even played it on low settings, updated drivers, etc. The frame rate was choppy during play, but silky smooth during the benchmarks. Moreover, the open beta ran better for me than the release did. Don't get me wrong, the gameplay/mechanics were extremely fun when it did run and I found the customization and weapons selection very gratifying. Perhaps this is one of those games that will get better further down the line with subsequent updates. However, I would be lying if I said this game is ready to play in its current state.System specs:I7-4800MQ @ 2.7GHZ16GB MemoryGTX 780 SLIWindows 7 64Bit SP1"
,Recommended,460930,30386926,Posted: 8 March,all,NO DA FLEEP REESET 69 YA NAN LOL,All good stuff
76561198353817958,Not Recommended,460930,31303577,Posted: 22 April,all,lonewolfxx,this games♥♥♥♥♥♥it bugs out to much
76561197960347429,Not Recommended,460930,30528041,Posted: 15 March,all,ChickenMolester,"full of bugs....cant play as it says im using a gamepad and menu's keep scrolling, so impossible to disable from within game, and theres no command line option."
,Not Recommended,460930,30759141,Posted: 26 March,all,HITMAN,The game is OK nothing special about it at all. The peeps that rave about the nice graphics...it's not that nice if anything it's a little dated. Coming from a guy that has a nice PC with a 1080 graphics card. Overall I am not impressed the only good thing about this game is coop and thats only becuase there are not many games out that are like it. If this is the best Ubisoft can offer than they are a bunch of lazy overpaid mother ♥♥♥♥ers. This game is worth a woping $35 at most.
76561198149638426,Not Recommended,460930,33720479,Posted: 22 July,all,SKURT,"Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy. i have a gtx 1070 and i cant run this game graficks problems. terible engien and boring story, Ubisoft KYS"
76561198367264573,Not Recommended,460930,31246490,Posted: 19 April,all,boss.gabril,The game stuck at loading screen tried everything just bought the game shame !!!!
76561198009426515,Not Recommended,460930,30680122,Posted: 22 March,all,LucidToaster79,last update has rendered the game unplayable... the game crashes constantly now... thank you  Ubisoft
76561198357794588,Not Recommended,460930,30412189,Posted: 9 March,all,spce ghst,I'm running an i7-6700k @ 4.6ghz with 2 Gtx 1070's in SLI ultra with AA off at 65fps max. I disable one of the cards and get the same amount of frames with the same settings. This game is not optimized
76561198108676307,Not Recommended,460930,31028956,Posted: 8 April,all,Nolanpro,wheres the activation key for this game?!!
76561198131660118,Not Recommended,460930,30679632,Posted: 22 March,all,Takoda,The stay undetected missions are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and make me want to scream as loud as possible. The rest of the game is really mediocre.
,Not Recommended,460930,30679670,Posted: 22 March,all,WorkHorse,"Most of the positive reviews for this game are right on, so I'll give this game a nod for a lot of stuff and spare you the pros.  Lets get straight to the cons, and why I won't recommend this game:Ubisoft is playing to fans of Destiny and The Division here.  I feel like they're just going through the motion of grinding out another game without creating any new innovation or imagination.  This is what Ubisoft thinks gamers want...  A re-skinned copy of the stuff they've already done.If you're reading this review, you've probably read many more like it...  The first 10 hours of single player are great, and then it tapers off into a repetitive nothing.  Map is great and the multi-player is great but...  Blah, blah, blah.  It's more of the same mediocrity we've come to expect from ""AAA"" games over the past few years.If this games makes the top 10 for 2017 game reviews, we're in for another rough year.-Co-op is good, but damn man...  Few games aren't good in co-op IMO.-AI is trash. Feels like its geared toward causal gamers that like to run and gun.  Rarely punishes for making bad decisions.-Physics need a lot of work (helicopters don't bounce when they land dude).-Bad voice acting and poor story production. It just isn't interesting or convincing.Maybe buy this once it goes on sale if you have nothing better to do one weekend.  Its fun, but meh..."
76561198060235761,Not Recommended,460930,30567516,Posted: 17 March,all,my777stars,"its  a MEH game but it just stopped working today completely!it dosent even start up anymore. i have an i7 with a gtx 1080 and this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game cant even run properly. i didnt mind all the fps drops from 60 to 25 fps at times. and my machine is pretty damn good i can run every bloody game on ultra and in 4k except this game! this game needs alot of updates, its very buggy and i dont recommend buying this game unless you own a ps4 or xbox. PC may run it smooth but with so many bugs, its most def not worth the full price.and Ubisoft on pc is the WORST application IN THE WORLD!!!IM NEVER BUYING A UBISOFT GAME EVER AGAIN!!!!"
76561198014831460,Not Recommended,460930,30488405,Posted: 13 March,all,bess.lex,"Its not god things that would be noticed rather bad. And all consists of small  things and this what is bad in wildlands - small things.First of all skill tree, you are special unit member that knows♥♥♥♥♥♥ meant to say nothing and need to study..Second is that there is a lot of glitches, i had 3 blue screens, 3, that happens to me for the first time on this PC. Then it goes further when you prone and some enemy shoots you from little bit above, you somewhy decide to shoot in stone in front of you, while reticle is on the enemy.  Then jumping of the cliff with parachute - there is no jumping in 90% of cases you would die landing on stones, very useful. There is no active healing, while there are missions with timeout and only options you have is die - or fail mission. 308 automat? - 200 bulets, 308 sniper? - 50! And list goes and goes on. Bad decisions.I see what you did there, took some good stuff from other games, like farcry 3, using engine from division with its flaws. The bigger the difficulty the more meat enemy has its like you need to shoot a guy in t-short with 308 in the chest 7 to 10 times and he still can be alive. It seems there is some stealth dmg multiplier which you are losing if they spot you.So in the end its crappy designed game, with good ideas and big map, with bad scalability for coop and a lot of bad small things. Which is not worth of the money.  I advise you to play on arcade level this will compensate all the bugs and glitches."
76561198086931796,Not Recommended,460930,30981722,Posted: 6 April,all,TacticalBacon888,"Arcade shooter.even worse than The Division. Boring as ♥♥♥♥.All missions are same,nothing to do in that big map which is surprisingly looks good.Gameplay is a joke,game is a joke, UBISHIT is a ♥♥♥♥ing utter♥♥♥♥♥♥Dont waste your money and time on this garbage"
,Not Recommended,460930,30375427,Posted: 7 March,all,AdaLollA,The game shows the splash screen for a few seconds then the application crashes without any error. My PC is high end and i have uplay and steam running. I will probably just refund.
76561197989546614,Not Recommended,460930,33737760,Posted: 22 July,all,chadchapman59,"The game was fun to play at frist, but now after this new update; its like _""WTF HAPPEN?""."
76561198351087661,Recommended,460930,33188393,Posted: 3 July,all,joydip.sarkar.95,IT IS FUN TO PLAY
,Not Recommended,460930,34739702,Posted: 4 September,all,BotJoha( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Buy only if you want to fry chicken on your CPU.
,Not Recommended,460930,30913647,Posted: 2 April,all,Sic Headshotz,Fix your broken game and it would be amazing. It freezes for like 10 seconds every few mins. 4790k i7 Zotac GTX 1080  12gb Ram DDR3   Installed on an SSD... multiple times. Trash. Its been like a month and still just broken.
76561198008034753,Not Recommended,460930,30942447,Posted: 4 April,all,alkampfer,the usual ubisoft crap as per the last 2 years...
,Not Recommended,460930,30382462,Posted: 7 March,all,C9Jared13,"I hear its a good game with potential but the bugs on launch are dumb. I spent 70$ on this game to not have it launch on me!?However there is currently an issue where if you do not install the game on the same drive that your OS is installed on, it will not start due to anticheat problems sometimes. This is honestly ridiculous.I purposely have a different drive for games and one drive for my OS. My OS drive does not have enough space to install this game on. Ubisoft messed up."
,Not Recommended,460930,30399409,Posted: 8 March,all,NixonVZ,"I have above minimum required specs for this game and it runs like ****. I have a GTX 970 and an i5 4690k CPU and this game is running at 100% almost all of the time. The lowest it drops down to is 85%. Why is it that more and more PC games are not optimized for the console they are f*****g made on? Aside from the terrible optimization that this game has, the game is amazing. Looks like I will have to purchase this on a console..."
76561198060301187,Not Recommended,460930,30720384,Posted: 24 March,all,Sandman42,Game sux
76561198039640367,Not Recommended,460930,30428838,Posted: 10 March,all,rjmadcat,"Took a great name, and turned it into Farcry/The devision... just terrible.They lack imagination and are plastering the same game together with diffrent scenery and renaming it.This is lazy game designing and I will not play it. it has now been refunded."
76561198092339690,Recommended,460930,30370648,Posted: 7 March,all,Dirty Harry,closed beta was fun and i didnt have time for open but heard it was fun. But when the game comes out and im speading an hour trying to OPEN THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. Then finally when i open the game it goes and 100% cpu useage and its jumpy as♥♥♥♥♥♥waited a 2 years for this. ♥♥♥♥ing dayz had a better lunch. closed/open beta 8/10 - game lunch 2/10 get your devs♥♥♥♥♥♥together. will only recomend if you can wait 4 months - 1 year for the game to be fixxed.PS if not dont bother for atlease a year.yoursa♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off waiting player
76561198029096370,Not Recommended,460930,30423814,Posted: 10 March,all,Vibat,"Once again , ubisoft suprised us with their amazingly unready game ."
,Not Recommended,460930,30388187,Posted: 8 March,all,Cherry Crush,"Pretty boring game, I can only see this being fun if you play with friends or you do the whole game in a stealthy manor."
,Not Recommended,460930,32094483,Posted: 31 May,all,manonfire36,"you can't kill children yet, you can killed old people WTF"
,Not Recommended,460930,30537717,Posted: 16 March,all,Darthknight01,i really try i really try with ubi soft i want some of their titles to be awsome but when i go and get a game fire it up and see that there's a store with all this extra crap you can buy to shortcut or get exlusive stuff when you pay extra. i don;t want to spend 99+ dollers in a game i'm gonna play for a few weeks then drop it after i hit endgame.. please can we just go back to when you baught a game it was the full game not 60$ bucks for the game 30& for the season pass then 10$+ micro transactions please it would be a nice breath of fresh air
76561197983681400,Not Recommended,460930,30388646,Posted: 8 March,all,mwebby,game is fantasticmicro transanions are a discrace shame on you uplay
76561198102029100,Not Recommended,460930,30845650,Posted: 30 March,all,mrwatts,"Just execrable. Fundamentally broken. Could have been great. But it falls well short of the mark. Clearly intended as a PVP arena game it's shallow and lacking in any sort of immersion. Ubisoft clearly do not grasp the concept of open world. It is simply not the game it is marketed as.If you like mission based games then this may be for you. But beware that you will need to spend considerable amounts of time moving between missions.The game really only has one pro:- A massive map.Just some of the cons:- Insta fail missions- Mission based. Except in the early game each mission can only be completed in a specific way.- Lack of meaning to skills- Never ending enemies- Instant appearing enemies- Enemies see, hear and shoot through walls, floors, pretty much everything- Idiotic team AI- Atrocious vehicle controls- If you use the team abilites the game is too easy, even for me a baddie on extreme, if you don't it's impossible."
,Not Recommended,460930,30589603,Posted: 18 March,all,Blakeymore,One of the worst games Ive played. Cant believe it has good reviews
,Not Recommended,460930,30498973,Posted: 13 March,all,ANUBIS,"Do not buy this pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥ The fact that in 2017 there are still insta-fail stealth missions in an OPEN WORLD ♥♥♥♥ing military shooter is unnacceptable. The unpredictiable AI makes the missions unplayable because at some points in the game where the AI shows certain traits and have different parameter (ie: Dead body discovery), at other times they are behaviourly the opposite. This, along with the shoddy Watch Dogs tier driving and vehicle handling, the uncreative repetitive missions, and the boring, unimaginative plot makes this game not worth the money. There are moments of fun, but not $80 canadian dollars worth."
76561198110265926,Not Recommended,460930,30536207,Posted: 15 March,all,超神丶未滿,map is too big for only 4 team members. no tutorial at all. spent 2 hours and can't figure out what to do and how to get package motorcycle...
76561198006481770,Not Recommended,460930,30379470,Posted: 7 March,all,recon92982,"I have an i7 3770k and a gtx 980ti 16 gigs of ram and the game running on an ssd and the game still runs like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥.. the stutter is real. I tried the game in the closed beta, open beta and hoping they fixed the issues at this point I bought it with no avail. So, I'll be requesting a refund from steam sadly. I have tried every setting combination possible and nothing works. Good luck if you pick it up."
,Not Recommended,460930,31628349,Posted: 8 May,all,bilbo swaggins,Game Won't boot up do not buy this!!
,Not Recommended,460930,30528840,Posted: 15 March,all,shawnbandy,"Refunded and now waiting for a sale. For a $60 price tag, the game doesn't have enough playability. Repetitive"
76561198157622015,Not Recommended,460930,34178578,Posted: 11 August,all,☭União Soviética☭,"IT'S VERY BAD! THE GRAPHICS, THE JOGABILITY, EXAMPLE: YOU OPEN IT FOR FALLS AND HE BUG YOU IN THE AIR, THE BOTS (THAT TRY TO HELP YOU) ARE INNESS, ONLY TO ♥♥♥♥♥ YOUR LIFE, THE BOT (ENEMY THAT ARE GODS) HAVE A BIONIC INTELLIGENCE. That's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Not Recommended,460930,30502030,Posted: 13 March,all,MaroBaro,the game started an i got into a car with a bunch of guys and started driving towards the mission point. i was kind a speeding so i literally managed to stop like 30 yards away from a guy who did notice me... and he was supposed to be a guard... so i refunded.
,Not Recommended,460930,30735126,Posted: 25 March,all,KodredCud,"I'll start off saying that this is a fun game.Now since that's out of the way:-The story is boring-Very poorly optimized. I have a GTX 1060 and I'm lucky to get 50fps on max settings-Half the time when I try to play, I get a ""DirectX Error"" (and yes, I did the dxsetup.exe multiple times)-Has quite literally the most bugs that I've ever seen in a game that had an open betaDo. Not. Get. This. Game. (for full price)"
,Not Recommended,460930,30401608,Posted: 8 March,all,BestNasusAfrica,I won't go into details as for why I deem this is as a bad game but it simply doesn't run as advertised nor as the beta did. It is a downgrade from the open beta I can't just believe. Wait for a patch optimization or something.
76561198218502984,Not Recommended,460930,30451958,Posted: 11 March,all,200+ ping pvpro.com hellcase.com,GHOST RECON BUG 'N LOADING LANDS
76561198365935948,Not Recommended,460930,30666145,Posted: 22 March,all,CLD,？
,Recommended,460930,30386556,Posted: 7 March,all,Erectile Dysfunction,Nice
76561197989934853,Not Recommended,460930,32580480,Posted: 19 June,all,Anfield,Booo Not Cool!
,Not Recommended,460930,30389364,Posted: 8 March,all,Sammuh,"keeps crashing, havnt been even able to complete one mission due to crashes."
76561198030288751,Not Recommended,460930,30735185,Posted: 25 March,all,Ragnar,Game was fantastic but after 70 hrs of gameplay and first update game crashes continuosly after loading screen .
76561198033187442,Not Recommended,460930,31431733,Posted: 28 April,all,N1,We need knife takedown or pistol takedown!
,Not Recommended,460930,30453964,Posted: 11 March,all,Lukejw93,"Pros - optimised fopr ultra settingsCons - vehicles are horrible to drive, the gui is trash for mouse and keyboard, the over the shoulder when moving is dreadful and enemies are stupid AF; even on high difficulties"
76561198051409378,Not Recommended,460930,30414555,Posted: 9 March,all,Godzilla,the game got a huge potensial but the soul is missing and there is just a huge emtiness of nothing to do really. You just do the same thing over and over again until you wont look at the game ever again.
76561198192274949,Not Recommended,460930,33245465,Posted: 4 July,all,haydenalexanderwilkins16,you guys are really sad wont refund my money for this game. even though it says ive played 28 hours i havent because like i said its crashes every single time i play. dont waste your time with this game. i have no choice because they wont give me my money back lol
76561198303400686,Not Recommended,460930,30723510,Posted: 25 March,all,suolongK,土豆 又被员工吃了
,Not Recommended,460930,30509216,Posted: 14 March,all,https://goo.gl/FbpJKi,yet another ubisoft game that is absoloute ♥♥♥♥ing garbage what else is new though
76561198067301977,Not Recommended,460930,30399959,Posted: 8 March,all,Schincredible,"Avg. of 50fps with a 6700k and 980ti at 1080p and only very high settings. Can't recommend it at this point and will return it. If it works in a few months, I'm sure I will repurchase it."
,Recommended,460930,30370076,Posted: 7 March,all,Boubacar,Amazing game
76561198113234664,Not Recommended,460930,30480546,Posted: 12 March,all,Envy_Me,(NOT FUN)
76561198150676858,Not Recommended,460930,30406860,Posted: 9 March,all,Cheburashka,"This game is so bad. For once I thought I would give Ubisoft a chance AND MAYBE one of their games would be decent, but no. Ubisoft puts out the worst games ever. The concept of the game is ♥♥♥♥ing sweet, but the game it self is ♥♥♥♥ing trash. My game just freezes for a couple of seconds every 30 minutes, the driving/piloting in the game is ♥♥♥♥ing horrible and your screen jitters, you can't go first person, the 3rd person view is to close so your character is in the way most of the time, AND you can't switch what side of the screen your character is on whenever you want. This game is horrible. ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft."
76561198194685718,Not Recommended,460930,30720493,Posted: 25 March,all,(Forever Harambe21),"what the ♥♥♥♥ was this game? the story? i cant... like? the ""good"" ending is the ""boss of bosses"" getting away? how is that good? if i had to be honest i shouldnt have payed $70 for this. i played a game with a better story and its in 3erd person too, that game would be gta (take your pick)."
,Not Recommended,460930,33220792,Posted: 4 July,all,Jack Torrance,Can't really say anything good about this game.
76561197985295352,Not Recommended,460930,30392202,Posted: 8 March,all,Robi-Dawn,"keep having hard crash with wildlands all other games are not hard crashing only wildlands, samething as in beta obviously didnt fix it before launch. What's the point of a beta and asking for feedback if they don't actually fix the problems reported. Crashes alot wait till it's updated and fix ... if that ever happens"
76561197992342107,Not Recommended,460930,30395836,Posted: 8 March,all,Muffi,5/10
,Not Recommended,460930,30385928,Posted: 7 March,all,Scrambledeggs,"While the game is enjoyable, I experience quiet a few texture errors which I also experienced during the beta (as I'm sure many others did too). The texture errors mainly happen while driving around or flying. Also the helicopter controlls are just horrible! You try to go quietly and slowly down to land so you hold the button for half a second to land and before you know it you're heading towards the earth as if you are a ♥♥♥♥ing asteroid!I do recomend the game, but if you're going to release a beta, atleast fix some of the god damn errors that everyone reports."
76561198011875318,Not Recommended,460930,30438455,Posted: 10 March,all,Steal,"-character customization sucks, most limited character creation i've seen in a long time; may aswell not put it in the game if you're going to half♥♥♥♥♥♥it. No face sliders, just preset ugly faces.-perma marking enemies makes the game babymode.. People don't have x=ray vision, stop babying your games.-You have to unlock your guns... Really.. So we're some badass recon squad that needs to find out guns in the world...You do realize people are just going to look up a guide and get the gun they want? If people are getting guides for your game, you've ♥♥♥♥ed up.. If you're going to force some progression system in the game, make it cosmetic; although you'd probably half♥♥♥♥♥♥that like you did the character creation.-If you want realism, i can't stress this enough.. STAY AWAY.-voice acting is pure americanized cheese.-graphics of the character models look like something from the early 2000s.-cover mechanics are janky as hell, camera has a mind of its own switching from over left shoulder, to over right shoulder.-Sniper bullet dip is unrealistic.. No zeroing like Arma 3..The game overall gives off this lazy, and cheesey impression.. Laziness in the character creation, and the generic story, UI setup with everythiing being marked like babymode..And cheesiness also from the generic story, and the voice acting."
76561198086651589,Not Recommended,460930,30626544,Posted: 19 March,all,TheScabMan,"I tried to use the cover button, but it doesnt exist."
76561198286027837,Not Recommended,460930,30899875,Posted: 2 April,all,YeEzUs G0t Nike,i dont recommend this  game because it keeps  freezing when it loads up
76561198021093038,Not Recommended,460930,30520247,Posted: 14 March,all,luckyjack77,"I am really disappointed in this game because it is not in first person. I think I would like my money back. Seems kinda dumb to me, being faced with the choice to make fps or tps an option, why wouldn't you? The little avatar guy is in the way of that beautiful game. To me that makes immersion very difficult. Like in fallout, you can see and customize your character and stilll have the option of dedicated fps or tps. The other gr's games were amazing."
76561198106769956,Not Recommended,460930,30475095,Posted: 12 March,all,54wardog,On my PS4 it runs smoothly. I give it a recommend on console but not on PC... YET. I bought this first in PC because I travel more with my laptop. It crashed the blue screen of death and almost deadlined it to no return. I have a Alienware 18 NVIDIA 980M SLI. My pride and joy. Ubisoft has had a history of fantastic games but customer service not so good. I warned them it took years to fix Ghost Recon FS. I hope they dont repeat it on this game. It reminds me of when Blizzard was in FU mode to the fans but now are ok on customer service. I will change my mind once this is fixed but for now its a thumbs down.
76561198037365271,Not Recommended,460930,30486621,Posted: 13 March,all,simonx200,This game is a gfx-demo only. Sorry.1) No AI.You sit in a quite open field 5 meters from the enemies while shooting one and they all fail to go into hiding or shoot at you. It was an open field.2) No realistic physicsYou fall from a high cliff and what is the result. You get healed and you can run/sprint immediately.You sprint faster than driving vehicals.This game is an empty shelf.
,Not Recommended,460930,31145605,Posted: 14 April,all,GameboiCarti,Please can someone help me?I am experiencing extremely low fps (0.22 fps to 20 fps) when I try and play on medium settings...I have an intel core i700hq core 2.6ghz 16gb ram gtx980m 8gb
76561198049944365,Not Recommended,460930,31109226,Posted: 12 April,all,Peedypeed,I wish the game wouldn't crash on start.
76561198073432575,Not Recommended,460930,30709006,Posted: 24 March,all,TheCaptain,"Graphics tearing caused by something, i have two r9 270x sli and it does not take it well. the game tears and is not playable . i was exciyed for this game to come out now i am very dissapointed on the out come of this game!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30528410,Posted: 15 March,all,fattymcmuffins,there is so many errors and when i contacted ubisoft they even agreed it was on their end.
76561198141623600,Recommended,460930,30435138,Posted: 10 March,all,OZ4,great game with a lot of stuff to do.
,Not Recommended,460930,35038076,Posted: 17 September,all,C. Bauwens,Nope
,Not Recommended,460930,31061839,Posted: 10 April,all,David,Bad
76561198114321209,Not Recommended,460930,30397988,Posted: 8 March,all,korhankodal,"feels like unfinished game,not good,ı dont recommend it,stay away!"
,Recommended,460930,30497559,Posted: 13 March,all,gus,░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░░▀▀░▄COD▄░░░░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Not Recommended,460930,30493180,Posted: 13 March,all,Implication,Very boring. Refunded
,Not Recommended,460930,31457980,Posted: 30 April,all,megatrohn,"The game looks promising, and I purchased it hoping it would be similar to Far Cry 3, which I loved it. Now comes the problem: With my GTX 1060, I was not able to play this game on Ultra with more than 30-35 fps, wich is unaccpetable. Even on High (NOT Very High), i barely got 60! fps. This is a clear sign of bad optimisation, as similar games, like BF1 run smoothly with 80 fps on my GTX 1060.The game might be nice, but I discourage everyone with an 1060 to buy it, if you plam on playing on higher settings."
,Not Recommended,460930,30392167,Posted: 8 March,all,SaltDaWoundz,Faults:Constant FreezesFriends keep losing connection due to lagNo silent kill optionMicro-Transactions (weapons similar to BF4 and aesthetics)Vehicle driving controls wonkyNo bipods for Sniper Rifles/LMGs when we can actually go prone?High powered scopes only have a small aim areaBullet drop runs too early
,Not Recommended,460930,31480422,Posted: 30 April,all,Tempus,Sh#t Game
76561198117574207,Not Recommended,460930,30377144,Posted: 7 March,all,wackomedic911,"Pro ordered it and paid a fortune for it like all incomplete ubisoft scams.Cant even play the game, picks up my joysticks as gamepads, disabled them in control panel and it game, still the menus in game just keep scrolling, much like fifa!HATE YOU UBISOFT! i wont ever support you again.STEER CLEAR! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30440843,Posted: 10 March,all,bean7861,"Early stage of gameplay but to much media hype, Game is in unknown limbo of serious or casual, I see it as the Division in open world, Would not purchase unless you enjoy games like Division and Just Cause"
,Not Recommended,460930,30490717,Posted: 13 March,all,Doggo back 8/10,Game runs like♥♥♥♥♥even on a GTX 970. DO NOT BUY unless you have a GTX 1080 or ABOVE. It will be UNPLAYABLE.
,Not Recommended,460930,31479147,Posted: 30 April,all,BigCannonGaming,"10/10 would do vehicle stunts again. I skeerd dat bad man, I SKEERD HIM REEL GUD!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30386051,Posted: 7 March,all,DJ EZDik,"I've been a loyal Ghost Recon fan since GR 2.. But this game just feels so hastily put together and unpolished it's mind blowing. Bad AI. Redundancy. Buggy out the a**. Lame banter with poor voice acting (not that I was expecting any Oscar winners to be involved). The random shoulder swapping. I wanted this game to be so much more than it is..  I hope patches fix the many problems with what could, with the above issues fixed, be a great game."
,Not Recommended,460930,31099651,Posted: 12 April,all,ATGHOST,"Totoally it is good, but the all the vehical and graphic is not as good as expect. Feel so sad about it."
76561198174165261,Not Recommended,460930,30486709,Posted: 13 March,all,lassesh,DayZ runs better than this
76561198042084027,Not Recommended,460930,31533743,Posted: 3 May,all,^v^,this game sucks so bad
76561198036044075,Not Recommended,460930,30736988,Posted: 25 March,all,-SILENTNIGHT-,This game is the less then 3 weeks old and it Crashes every time I start it.   Do not buy
,Recommended,460930,30398102,Posted: 8 March,all,Avatarp30-⎝IR⎠,عالیه.محشره.حتما پیشنهاد میکنم
,Recommended,460930,30367795,Posted: 6 March,all,Dcolbyt,LOVE IT!
,Not Recommended,460930,30372211,Posted: 7 March,all,Edge,"Here we go again. Another Ubisoft AAA game, with Tom Clancy no less. I gave it a second chance after the beta thinking ""Hey, the full release might be better."" But no, it's not, there's still performance issues, frame drops and huge lag spikes, not as abundant as in the beta but still there. It's a game that you need friends to play with, otherwise it's pretty boring all in all. I'm writing this review after the game bluescreened my PC, it was the last straw for me and i'm happy i didn't play more than 2 hours so i can refund this game. I think Ubisoft needs to stop talking to the corpse of Tom Clancy and make a game without his help and then maybe they can make a better game. This game gets a 4/10 and my seal of dissapointment."
76561198040112987,Not Recommended,460930,31436011,Posted: 29 April,all,InvisibleShadow,Another absolute dog♥♥♥♥♥♥from ubishit.
,Not Recommended,460930,30435758,Posted: 10 March,all,Weggington,"This game sucks. It's a broken, buggy mess. The menus lag horribly. SLI causes the ground textures to turn black and flicker after going into a menu and this is after a driver update and a patch to fix the SLI issues. There are massive frame drops and stuttering with seemingly no reason. This game is clearly unfinished and could have used a lot more time in bug testing. It's riddled with AI bugs, UI bugs, mission bugs; you name it, this game has it. When the game does work, it's fun with friends. Alone, you will be frustrated with the incompetence of your AI team. As a side note to your team; they constantly tell ""jokes"" that last well over a minute, in some cases and are insanely boring and annoying to listen to with no substance at all. They will continue to do this even when playing a mission or when online and you have no AI teammates. Overall, it gets old pretty quickly with a big open world, but nothing in it to do. The story is bland and uninspired. Characters are completely forgettable. I wouldn't recommend this game at any price until the major issues are sorted."
,Not Recommended,460930,30474308,Posted: 12 March,all,Liperium,CANT REVIEW THIS GAME IT DOESNT LAUNCH !?! Like pls.
,Not Recommended,460930,30501577,Posted: 13 March,all,RedWolfofDeath,"Save your money and download a good game. As of writing this review, game will not load without crashing to the desktop after giving you a brief epilipsy warning. It also requires you to play on the hard drive that your OS is on which is crap seeing how my computers all have small SSD size since the only thing on there is the OS itself. But what do you expect from a company that makes you download their version of origin in order to run a game. This laptop is very powerful, but if it works on my desktop when I get home which is beyond powerful, that still is unacceptable since it has issues working on a quad core machine, but no problems on a six core machine. If it doesn't work, then ubisoft truly has made an unplayable game. Ubisoft and origin are by far the worse version of steam and we should not be forced to play it on their broken platform after buying it on steam."
76561198050765717,Recommended,460930,30367722,Posted: 6 March,all,Cheeki Breeki I V Damke,havin some fps issues on medium or higher ghraphic settings. dunno about other ppl i got a gtx 960 btw so yea.
76561198032190967,Not Recommended,460930,30377025,Posted: 7 March,all,Xero,"Seeing a lot of good reviews for this game, which is something I dont think I fully agree with or maybe Im just not experiencing the same as them. I completed the open beta and they did fix a lot of technical issues. However I just feel like the game/missions are boring and repetitive. I think Ubisoft/ Tom clancy is really just trying out new genres of games and seeing which ones hit and which ones fail. The Division and Siege were both great games, but in my opinion Wildands fails to live up to these titles. I may change my review later on after getting in some more gameplay. As of right now though If I could compare it to any game it would be Just Cause, but instead rename this one as JUST BORING."
76561198129852723,Not Recommended,460930,30639398,Posted: 20 March,all,theloltroll,Go play Metal Gear Solid V
76561198260307192,Not Recommended,460930,30454076,Posted: 11 March,all,fukn die lol,"gameplay is good but other than that it's an unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it has lots of bugs and glitches that breaks the game completely, like getting stuck in things, enemies phasing trough walls,animation glitches and many more. wait for the game to get a major patch because this game has the potential to be a very good game besides all the bugs and glitches. i downvoted the current version of the game so don't get triggered because you don't agree with me. opinions are like wrist watches, everyone who has one thinks that theirs is right and everyone elses is wrong."
,Not Recommended,460930,30563450,Posted: 16 March,all,TJM-,this game is pretty bad
76561198139270945,Not Recommended,460930,30428078,Posted: 10 March,all,Mayo,"Played the open beta and one of the great reason that make me want to buy this game is the Japanese audio.Brought the game, double checked on the steam platform to see the supported language and audio, opened the game and my greatest disappointment of my life: no other audio except for english can be selected... why?..."
76561198040774047,Not Recommended,460930,30403669,Posted: 8 March,all,Vinster,Not my style of shooting game. not enough run and gun for me.
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,460930,30381800,Posted: 7 March,all,Charok,As big a let down as Division was.  Moronic GTA players will like it.PC Far Cry players will not.
76561198028933879,Not Recommended,460930,30397030,Posted: 8 March,all,Failed Normie,Animations are super clunky and doesn't feel like a 2017 game. just another piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥by Ubisoft
,Not Recommended,460930,30372231,Posted: 7 March,all,Omen UK,"What a complete and utter shambles of a game, it isn't very often that the Beta works better than the full-game but this is a case where thatis not just very true, but a sad reflection on just how pathetic this game is in it's current state.First lets start with the launch, a walking abortion of a launch that saw those that had bought it on U-Play allowed to play it at midnight UK time while those who had bought it on Steam (which for most is the main platform for their gaming, or simply because they probably hate U-Play so much)  were forced to wait till 5am in the morning.  Then there was the wait to play it you see the game didn't just become available, you had to install an update to unlock the game which would give you download times anything between 2 hours and 10 days to install (which took more like an hour and a half to install despite there not actually  being much to be installed.So I decided to live stream ""Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands"" the graphic pops up in the middle of the screen and... nothing, I am sat here for around a minute to two minutes before the game finally launches, slowly, oh so incredibly slowly.  Whent he game loads I watch the intro video of the villan int he story introducing himself, his motives and we get to the menu, so I start a new game, here is where the trouble starts.You see flciking through the options to customize my character was slow, real slow, in fact nothing happened and int he end I pretty much just took random♥♥♥♥♥♥so my character was created and I could start the game properly. so clicked to accept and... NOTHING.In total from the game starting up to me saying **** this and quitting it took me twenty one and a half minutes to get from the start screen to the first cut scene which stuttered every couple of frames. And when I re-loaded the game and tried to change the settings once again everything was slow and unresponsive.The funny thing is that the beta woked fine for me, sure I may have had a few moments where the game would pause for a second or two, some minor graphical issues but nothing to stop me enjoying playing the beta enough to want to purchase the full game, and man am I regretting that now as this game sucks, everything is substandard,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor and just so typical of how laxidacical and couldn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about quality that Ubisoft have become.AVOID THIS GAME, this make Mafia III look like Game Of The Year, it is THAT  bad.  If I could I would give this five thumbs down,"
76561197986699040,Not Recommended,460930,30374289,Posted: 7 March,all,K.I.A,"No no no...This game is exactly like Far Cry 2,3,4 except that you can play the story in co-op.The Story suck truest me it is really really really bad and the characters are really bad to for they lacks the feeling of live sensation from them...And the the graphics are not good at all.This game is not worth more then 15€ not a penny more!Save the money and buy a game that are you will have fun in, for this game is no then one of you dont like to spend money on really really reeeeeeeallllllyyyy bad game.ZzzzzzZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz......UBISOFT STOP MAKE GAME's!"
,Not Recommended,460930,30732434,Posted: 25 March,all,GrieferDen,"Empty map , pathetic driving  and a repetitive storyline , runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥on a good graphics card, Its just a mess of ubisofts incompetence and greed. The positive reviews are just feral fanboys who would probably buy a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from ubisoft. But this game is just bad. Unfinished and unpolished , refund it before its too late"
76561198011107249,Not Recommended,460930,30422653,Posted: 10 March,all,Basil Fawlty,"Dont buy this game for more than 5€.1. When you start the game, setting up the uplay-account etc, steam counts that as game time.And Uplay being Uplay, it took about 20 min before I even could start the game. But I still had 20 min on gametime.... Great for us who want to test the game under 2 hours... The game insisted on that I had a controller, wich meant I couldnt change language so Polish it is! Had to quit the game, uninstall my steering wheel, start the game, clock on everything until I luckly found the option and language settings.2. The loading times... OMG.... Paradox grand strategy games starts quicker than this.The game is a whooping 40 GB, of what? I cant be game files, since it takes for ever to load the game. Loading times ingame is horrible. Even creating your character has loading times, changing faces takes 15 sec to change...3. Graphics, not that good looking, Maximum settings 1080p looks mediocre at best. 980 Ti and I´m getting about 42 fps. Plus that turning of motion-blur, doesnt turn it off. There is still motion blur, a slightly bit, when you move.4. Consolitis.This game is not a PC game. Its a bad consoleport. I guess the standard of the game is good in console standard, but on PC I expect more. Much more...5. Physics. Rifles has no recoil. No difference between small and heavy bullets. And of course driving etc is stupid. and I cant jump??6. Its Ubisoft. I shouldnt be supprised."
76561198057216392,Not Recommended,460930,30368484,Posted: 6 March,all,RadiantBoner,"Another Ubifail!Frame dips, freezes, crashes and so on.... Same♥♥♥♥♥♥different day!When it dont crashes its bland and repetative!Guns sounds average at best and physics are from 2009Oh and bs microtransactions and poor veichle handling!Now my saves wont syncronice either so hours of gameplay is lost!It also has guns and customisation locked behind a paywall♥♥♥♥ You UbicrapBoth DLC is useless!! Stay away from this and the season pass"
76561197989835092,Not Recommended,460930,30401568,Posted: 8 March,all,STAR,60 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars and cant play this game.  It takes you to stupid Ubisoft/Uplay for this game then wont log in!  Keeps asking me for google authentication and I turned that♥♥♥♥♥♥off.  GET YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING HEADS OUT OF YOUR ASSES!  Dont buy this game or you will be as upset as me!!
,Not Recommended,460930,30426729,Posted: 10 March,all,Rasta,This is the most cancerous game I've ever played second to the Division. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I regret purchasing this game.
76561198050282937,Not Recommended,460930,33245796,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr. House,do not buy!!!
76561198172714254,Not Recommended,460930,30410114,Posted: 9 March,all,MangO-DudE,worst AI ever in games...... waste of time and money..... wait for steam sale .. al the bugs and issues in closed and open beta are not solved..... waste of money....its not worth it...
,Not Recommended,460930,31116696,Posted: 13 April,all,nex,"This game does not seem finished, it is full of bugs and issues. If I had known the state of this game I would not have bought it."
76561198001550157,Not Recommended,460930,30492714,Posted: 13 March,all,scout.                 'スカウト',this game would be good if it wasn't owned by Ubisoft.
76561198004380186,Not Recommended,460930,30410218,Posted: 9 March,all,DavidLAD,i got sacked for this
76561198034808247,Not Recommended,460930,30414551,Posted: 9 March,all,Dexter,"Its 2017, but the graphic mehhhhhhhh"
76561198064359099,Not Recommended,460930,33933307,Posted: 31 July,all,*Gedukas*,bull shet crashed.. played 14 hours delite now its chras wtf? you think its gud game?! busll shet not game!
,Not Recommended,460930,30396970,Posted: 8 March,all,Gnome Sayin'?,"Contrary to the sidebar of the store page that says ""multiplayer"" it is not. Not worth it to me without it. This is the only reason I voted no. If you like co-op vs ai then it appears to be pretty good for the hour I played. I only play games that people can kill me, ♥♥♥♥♥ at me, and vice versa. Refund incoming."
76561198251194738,Not Recommended,460930,30381028,Posted: 7 March,all,NCR For Life,Cant Be Played on a lapto[
76561198306614623,Not Recommended,460930,30400641,Posted: 8 March,all,mind_rott,this game is crap right off the bat. you better have a 1070 or 1080 just to play this. even then the best fps is 40ish. they market it as a co-op that can drop in at any time but my brother and i couldnt get the damn thing to work once. we tried everything including calling ubsoft and all you get is a robot telling you that there is problems with wildlands then it hangs up. they lunched a♥♥♥♥♥♥ass game that they know wasnt ready and took are money.
76561198080562303,Not Recommended,460930,30373324,Posted: 7 March,all,Non-Gmo™,so many bugs its crazy! I would wait a week or two might even get it for cheaper on♥♥♥♥♥
76561198057823925,Not Recommended,460930,30448145,Posted: 11 March,all,R-VEX-GAMER/YouTube,"this game is awesome no joke i do love it but I have a System worth £2,500 when I play the game and check my CPU Level it constent 100% I would like it if this got fix so I can enjoy playing this fun game and not needing to worry about my CPU about to blow up or burn out"
76561198073383133,Not Recommended,460930,30452228,Posted: 11 March,all,StomperMSK,"the level of 1990 yy. bs steath, bs missions, bs imagination of devs. nice picture and shooting, but anyway 60$ is to much for tetris like that. Cup of cost IMHO 10$ with 50% sale - 5$!!!! UbiS stoped 2 make hight quality products.... Syndicate, honor, wildlands.... Mario is the next step."
,Not Recommended,460930,30848178,Posted: 31 March,all,Overlord,"So The ""Ubishit"" did it again.it's crash at after u play about 1 or 2 hrs,after 2.0 patch.It' make me angry when u r about to finisah a mission then the game like stopped working and out to the window.! I should've stppped trusting after ""The Divishit"".If u have like money that you can spend without worrying and u r a collector of game ,buy if u want to. If not,just forget about this game.Do yourself a favor and don't buy this unless it's on a heavy sale. Just watch the endings on youtube."
,Not Recommended,460930,30525279,Posted: 15 March,all,Guest v.1.0,PC can't handle it. Can't get a refund. 0.4/10 IMDb | 2% Rotten Tomatoes
,Recommended,460930,32649969,Posted: 22 June,all,never cum ins,EAT POOP
,Recommended,460930,30367600,Posted: 6 March,all,NoobieBoobie,"Haven't played much yet, first few minutes was enjoyable. Will be updating soon.UPDATE:The map is huge. But you kinda do the same thing over and over again. It gives out the vibes of Far Cry, so if you liked Far Cry I bet you're going to enjoy the game.Character Customization: It offers to let you choose what gender your main character will be you can choose either a male and a female and what you choose will be the permanent gender which you will play in. You can customize your character from his hairstyle, the beard, facial scars, clothing (includes shirts, jackets, vests, backpacks, gloves, caps, footwear, glasses and more) I have seen myself change the look of my character quite a few times. Also each gear has multiple camo which you can change in so you can blend in with the environmentCombat: Combat is great. It gives you multiple ways to approach a mission so you can either go guns blazing or be stealthy and snipe enemies from a distance.Driving: Driving is clunky. Small movement of the joystick turns the car immediately. Also pressing softly on the right trigger (which is for acceleration) makes the car go from 0-60 in milliseconds.AI:1) Teammate AI: They're kinda smart. They are able to take shots which you won't be able to take. So if you have a hard time on killing enemies from a distance, bring out your drone or binoculars, tag the enemies and let the AI do the killing for you.2) Enemy AI: They're okay. As the problem with most games, if you alert one, you alert them all. But I have experienced being able to pick them off at the exact time they get alerted, and when you get to do so, not all will be alerted. Also, the AI have nice aim and are ruthless if you alert them. They call on backup aswell which is a nice feature.Visuals: The game looks fantastic. There are parts of the map where it has deep jungles then there is the open desert and lastly the beautiful looking snow region.Overall Rating 8/10"
,Not Recommended,460930,30383141,Posted: 7 March,all,Kidmobius,"Ubi doesnt care at all it seems day one problems and they are too busy acting like they are god's gift to gamers with their ""look what we did since beta, yay us"" news to even address that over half the gamers who got their game had to transfer the game to their OS drive, in order to play. Because if you dont you'll get the splash screen and then BAM nothing, game force closes itself, i got it to work on my C: drive but i dont like only having 19ish GB left on it, alot of people have small OS drives, so there is quite a few people UNABLE to play due to this bug and ubisoft support just tells you toTry running as admin, we're aware of this issue and working on it, im sorry you cant play the game on a non-os drive but you can always put it on your os drive.It's 2017 the last games i played that did this was Bioshock 1&2(including remasters), AC Rogue, and the skyrim RM and original.Also they have weapons to purchase for anyone who has enough money to P2W and thank god PVP isnt out yet cause there would be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of reviews NOT Recommending GRW due to you can purchase everything with real funds.Optimization-Well its so-so and hit or miss on ultra on 1920x1080 i get 35-56 fps.For those of you expecting ""Tactical"" gameplay well if you play with friends (when you can get a stable connection) it is doable but the AI Ghosts (who you cant customize) can stay put, go to point x, rally up, and Fire on your tgt. i believe the GRAW 1&2 and even GRFS had better AI. and there is zer0 stealth (in the form of camo helping/what you wear matters)"
76561198202421247,Not Recommended,460930,30895603,Posted: 2 April,all,fateweaver,HORRIBLY MADE GAME/ LITERALLY UBISOFT BUYING OUT TOM CLANCY♥♥♥♥♥♥USING HIS GREAT IDEAS AND NAME TO TRY AND SELL A GAME AND THEN MAKE IT TOTALLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WITHOUT ANY CARE OR INTEREST IN THE GAME ITSELF. THIS GAME IS THE COOKIES YOUR GRANDMA COOKED WITHOUT THE LOVE AND IT TASTES LIKE♥♥♥♥
76561197961428854,Not Recommended,460930,30374459,Posted: 7 March,all,killroy,Just Cause 3 is better. This is crap.
,Not Recommended,460930,30763981,Posted: 26 March,all,Aiden Khaal,"Google street view with guns, bolivia edition."
,Not Recommended,460930,30401646,Posted: 8 March,all,Atlas,Junk
76561198006112905,Not Recommended,460930,30500407,Posted: 13 March,all,Magritte,"the control suck , even the division it's not much care about the player (they don't punish toes cheater),but the division is better than this,this one is not good , not like watch dog 2 and division"
76561198205710104,Not Recommended,460930,30387287,Posted: 8 March,all,FatherHood,Where is my CD KEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,460930,30480095,Posted: 12 March,all,lemme check your gains,YOU CAN KILL CIVILIANS BUT NO CHILD CIVILIANS!!! WTF?!
,Not Recommended,460930,30765582,Posted: 26 March,all,Undead Dead Guy,♥♥♥♥ this game.
76561198177951515,Not Recommended,460930,31119884,Posted: 13 April,all,Manco,WATEVER THIS SUCKS ALL MULTIPLAYER WTF SCREEN FREEZE EVERY 10 SEC HAHAHA♥♥♥♥♥YOUR GAME
,Not Recommended,460930,32122212,Posted: 1 June,all,Intense_Butt_Staber,GAME SUCKS ! DONT DOWNLOAD I REPEAT . IT FREEZES . ALL MY MONEY GONE TO WASTE .
76561198014493888,Not Recommended,460930,30376615,Posted: 7 March,all,Ahadihunter1,"lolzMetal Gear Solid Phantom Pain, has a better graphics and runs like butter on a ""low end"" PC. This game has more stutters than a 1965 lost Reel tape recorded video.EDIT:So, I played more than enough to see where this is going. This is the best generic game of 2017. Period. And yes, that's not a compliment.It seems that there is a jack♥♥♥♥♥of a CEO in Ubisoft that likes to push incomplete games out before they're polished.I simply can't fathom how they're getting away with this - oh wait I know why, because the ""gamer community"" consists of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.The guns a customisable - fantastic. But what's the point, where for instance, swapping to a supressor ISN'T REGISTERING TO YOUR OTHER TEAM-MATES GAME CLIENT, CAUSING THE ENEMY TO ID YOUR LOCATION UPON FIRING?And don't think for ONE moment that this game is anything ""tactcial"" when you have a wall hack called ""tagging"" the targets pinging them realtime whilst they move around. What is this? technology sent from God almighty?Also, THIS IS NOT A TACTICAL GAME! AT ALL. DO NOT LET THE STUPENDOUS POSITVE REVIEWS FOOL YOU. I thought I'd remind you twice. THIS IS NOT A GHOST RECON GAME.If you must, I'd recommend Metal Gear Solid V: Phantom Pain over this, if you want anything resembling ""tactical"".If in doubt, and you have low standards, and you like to be scammed by Ubishit, go ahead and buy it."
76561198013028345,Not Recommended,460930,30375906,Posted: 7 March,all,DELON81,"Right now as it stand I wouldn't recommend GR:W. The game play is OK but the technical issues are apparent and numerous. For example, I have a i7 6700k with sli 1080's running at 4k and I still get stutter problems, artifacting, sudden fps drops, crashes, tearing, texture droop, etc on MEDIUM settings. Now as it stands right now sli is not available due to driver immaturity and I'm pretty sure one it's enable it will fix most graphical problems but heed my warning for those who own a higher end system of the fidelity of the optimization.Other than that the game is fun. A mixture of farcry meets just cause. If you loved stealthily conquering outpost in farcry and over the top atmosphere in jc3 you'll love GR:W.PS. The developers need to fix the helicopter controls, difficulty settings (game is too ♥♥♥♥ing easy to kill ai and lv up), and non aggressive ai (they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, like bat sh*t ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).OK rant complete."
76561198165007224,Not Recommended,460930,30368056,Posted: 6 March,all,zombie111145,frame rate is the real kill for the game.
,Not Recommended,460930,30385889,Posted: 7 March,all,CodysUniverse,When your $1000 dollar PC comes to a crawl from on game
76561198056943122,Not Recommended,460930,30373252,Posted: 7 March,all,Pandora8432,I payed 60 bucks for the game and then it was unplayable i would immdeitly ask for a refund and then never but ubisoft products again untill they fix themselves worst waste of money ever!!!!!
,Not Recommended,460930,34444854,Posted: 23 August,all,BTEC Warrior,idk I never played it
,Not Recommended,460930,30767927,Posted: 27 March,all,党委书记,♥♥♥♥
76561198015321667,Not Recommended,460930,30427017,Posted: 10 March,all,Sergio Trump,"Kill more than three civilians, and it's game over.I'm aware that you're supposed to be a straight-laced, one-dimensional, do-gooder black-ops agent who doesn't terrorize the populace, but games like Watch Dogs 2 still allow you to participate in unhinged killing sprees despite placing you in the perspective of an upbeat, happy-go-lucky hipster.  Wildlands has no business telling me I can't set off a car bomb near a woman and her child.  ♥♥♥♥ MUH IMMERSION.  ♥♥♥♥ MUH REALISM.Ubisoft, you made Ghost Recon vulnerable to those who would scrutinize it as a mere GTA clone (not me) the moment your design team decided to make Wildlands an open-world game.  Attempting to separate it from GTA in the form of an honor system that discourages the slaughtering of civilians in cold blood is a laughable and futile effort.Trash this pathetic feature and allow your consumers to play Wildlands the way they want it to be played - as Ghost Theft Auto.-3/10 Literally unplayable.  Fix this now, Ubishit."
,Not Recommended,460930,30424816,Posted: 10 March,all,Chew G.E.W.P.,(ง ͡° ᗜ ͡°)ง
76561197990261254,Not Recommended,460930,30379621,Posted: 7 March,all,ismailbaykaltr,"Beatiful graphics ,large openworld , good  environment  , engine not bad... But no simulation like arcade why ? Example I cant  shoot my teammates or in vehicle drive anywhere full speed no danger..I dont want an arcade game..Be serious Ubisoft please..Waiting for patches to fix simple bugs..."
,Not Recommended,460930,30385817,Posted: 7 March,all,ѕησω 💯 💯 💯 💯,"UbiTrash employees are posting fake reviews lol. The game is trash. Stay away, if you liked the last 5 UbiSoft games, you'll probably like this, if you didn't like me. You're done with Ubi games for good after this refund processes."
54457113512652783,Not Recommended,460930,31312749,Posted: 22 April,all,b0rth,lol
,Not Recommended,460930,31393758,Posted: 27 April,all,Anon 03,Can't open the game without installing the game on the operation system disk.Way to go ubi
76561198102677314,Not Recommended,460930,30749286,Posted: 26 March,all,abcellm111,Cant evem play this game  cause of something called pchunter64.what the hel is this spossed to be
76561197990419366,Not Recommended,460930,30367734,Posted: 6 March,all,I'm Naked,Perhaps my setup is AMD and that is yet to be released. Game is unplayable. Halts at load screen. No dump available as far as I can see.
,Not Recommended,460930,30749024,Posted: 26 March,all,AvengerArts,Buggy. Laggy. Unfinished.Is it my PC or the game?-My Spec:Operating SystemWindows 10 Pro 64-bitCPUIntel Core i5 4570 @ 3.20GHz	49 °CHaswell 22nm TechnologyRAM16.0GB Dual-Channel DDR3 @ 666MHz (9-9-9-24)MotherboardGigabyte Technology Co. Ltd. Z97X-Gaming 3 (SOCKET 0)	28 °CGraphicsM237WA (1920x1080@59Hz)4096MB ATI AMD Radeon R9 200 Series (Sapphire/PCPartner)	58 °CCrossFire DisabledStorage465GB Western Digital WDC WD5000AAKX-00ERMA0 (SATA)	39 °C931GB Western Digital WDC WD10EZEX-22BN5A0 (SATA)	37 °COptical DrivesNo optical disk drives detectedAudioAMD High Definition Audio Device
,Not Recommended,460930,30396319,Posted: 8 March,all,Nick Guhr,i have never seen ♥♥♥♥♥ier driving and AI mechanics in a game.
76561198068294980,Not Recommended,460930,30455108,Posted: 11 March,all,Vamanandy,sucks...
,Recommended,460930,30367294,Posted: 6 March,all,X8CY,"Now i have finished the first Provience or area and it feels like the open Beta, however they have made some very minor changes mostly good, The reload glitch is still around (sometimes you ask it too reload it won't do the animation and you have to switch weapons to get it too reload) and they have changed the first boss fight (not going to spoil it but it's really good how they changed it) otherwise i am yet to do the other area's. 8/10FYI as well if you are buying the game get the standard or the gold if you are definitly getting the season pass Deluxe is a rip off you can buy what you MOSTLY get for £8 thats £48 and 6 exclusive things from what i can see."
76561198021810277,Not Recommended,460930,30450064,Posted: 11 March,all,Pillsburydilldough,"Co-op only!  Play compaign alone or with 3 other players.  No online Multi-player beyond co-op! I would imagine that about 90% of the people who buy this game buy it for Multi-player when it doesn't exist. Seems like Far Cry 2 only different story and different country.  I guess games need new definitions these days for shooters. co-op is technicaly Multi-player but normally that means PVP online fighting 30-100 real players.  There went another $60 down the drain.   I guess I will come back and play the single player game at some point when I feel like playing a single player game.Graphics are fantastic and the open sandbox world looks engaging just like Far Cry 2 and 3. Storyline from the start has a slight cheesey feel of 'USA rules the world and kicks butt.'  Atleast they let you customize your character so you aren't stuck with the Stereo typical USA Action hero.  From the start of the game the storyline has this feel that there is only one America, not South America, Centeral America, or North America, or Canada, just USA and 3rd world countries that push drugs and we are going to save the world. :(  The A-Team goes to Bolivia.  Not worth $60 IMO."
,Not Recommended,460930,30432486,Posted: 10 March,all,TheBadFish2,"This game can be described with one simple word: Broken. I would say this is one of the worst games I've played but I've played Aliens: Colonial Marines and Sonic '06. My wife was watching me play this game. During that time, I had to explain that not all games are this bad. The cherry on top is that this game costs $60. The game itself is fun but there are so many bugs. Cars just spawn out of thin air. People will just go flying by for no reason. One low settings with an RX 480, I can confirm that all 25 frames per second are there. My wife also asked me if they planned on fixing the game with a patch. I had no answer. My suggestion: Save you money and wait for this to end up on sale. At least the Division worked."
76561198286522736,Not Recommended,460930,30382497,Posted: 7 March,all,xX-Iron-Wolf-Xx,Its very meh to me i like it but dont at the same time got bored playing only after an hour i think ill go back to the division ...
,Not Recommended,460930,30419890,Posted: 9 March,all,coYOtE pEeTerSoN,no buy bb
,Recommended,460930,32641544,Posted: 22 June,all,박초롱,Try this game...u won't get disappointed
,Not Recommended,460930,30377686,Posted: 7 March,all,Frostღ,Runs like crap Though .. and still feels the same as the Beta.. only thing is the huge map
76561198047462938,Not Recommended,460930,30382642,Posted: 7 March,all,Dee O' Conner,"It would be great if team play worked without jerry rigging your damn AV and Firewall Settings.  Let me expand on this issue since I have a feeling snarky people want to #trump me.""Go to your router settings and enable bridge mode. Something with wireless routers and being plugged in conflicting.""""ont do ****. this issue is on their end though they keep asking ppl to open up ports/backdoors. vote with your wallet.""My friend has been trying to play the game with me yesterday and today, but he keeps getting an error, ""Tarija 00100"".Searched UBI Support site: There are no results for your request. Please refine your search criteria.Tried 6 different fixes from the web and youtube.Nope. Still not working.Graphics are a 10..  Wish I could have played with my friends."
,Not Recommended,460930,30427493,Posted: 10 March,all,Xx_Unima_xX,"Buy gameDownload gameClick 'play""Ubisoft "" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA did you think we would make it that easy?""Uplay : please proved the cd key for the game you just purchased that we have not and will not send youUNIN♥♥♥♥INGSTALLLLLLLLLL"
,Not Recommended,460930,30373390,Posted: 7 March,all,Breminofwisdom,"Poor optimization,terrible vehicle control system.Horrible for a 60 euro price tagged game.ASUS X550VQ LAPTOP 40  fps on lowest settings. Very interesting stuff."
,Recommended,460930,30367389,Posted: 6 March,all,Pvt. Relic,"Character Creation oh boy...Wait... Wait I have to pay (after having bought the game) for a Union Jack backpack badge? Face paint too! Currency packs? You can buy all scopes. All attachments. All Everything.Currency packs - 1700 = £8 / 3840 = £16... Most expensive Cosmetic Pack 2100 credits... Sigh.Beta Thoughts: Yeah was alright.Actual Game:- Feet still clip through the floor while walking on uneven ground- Some hair options look like bad glued wigs- Pre-set faces- Bad driving feeling- Graphical downgrade from Division?- SSD *huge* benefit over HDD- LOD change in trees is eye catching- Dumb citizens- Annoying music on car radio- 56 fps low in random baron areas / 46 fps low while driving fast (Running on 980ti) Setting High/Few Very High.- When rebels cause a fuss your group become automatically ""Hunted"", usually spotted because ESP?+ Satisfying fun+ Multiple character saves+ Change appearance anytime+ Good Chopper and Plane controls+ Huge Map+ Can apply any colour to anything worn+ Good talkie radio+ Friendly A.I isn't a burden+ Good friendly A.I banter+ Free update(s) on the way (tbd)+ Gunsmith+ Game Size around 53GB+ Comprehensive storyBUT- Why do we care?Enjoy, in a years’ time, the 5076 player base?"
,Not Recommended,460930,30371359,Posted: 7 March,all,ＳＡＤＤＥＳＴ－ＢＯＹ－ＥＶＥＲ,"Requested for refund! I'm done with this.Review edited after Nvidia's game-ready driver:So it appears that no matter what settings I crank down, the frame-rate stays below 60 fps. Even making all the settings set to low, I barely get 60 fps, so that means either the game is programmed this way, or it's ♥♥♥♥♥ily optimized. I'll wait until the developer releases a patch, or else I'll have to refund.Old Review:GTX 970 has been listed as the recommended GPU, and yet the game struggles to maintain a constant framerate of at least 60 fps at High preset. The game stutters and lags while aiming and viewing with the mouse. I might change this review after Nvidia's game-ready driver for this game and when this game is optimized better via patch. Here is my benchmark result, running at a High prest with GTX 970.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878714015"
,Recommended,460930,30369387,Posted: 7 March,all,criibyy,"great game, nice grafics with ultra settings smooth 80+ fps"
76561198091763685,Not Recommended,460930,30447891,Posted: 11 March,all,Ω [USUVA] Aivar Ω,Its bad
76561198051103660,Not Recommended,460930,30374864,Posted: 7 March,all,AssPanda,I can not recommend this game for many issues.1: You can buy all the items in a cash shop rendering gameplay pointless.2: Core Gameplay elements are completely repetitive3: The game doesn't even ♥♥♥♥ing run on 30% of people's computers.DO.NOT.BUY.THIS.GAME.
76561198098088298,Not Recommended,460930,30383118,Posted: 7 March,all,(GPFP) High In Protein,"Dont buy this for steam buy it on console - Xbox one or PS4 it handles better, This is a glitchy peace of poop, it wont go full full screen and runs super laggy, Thanks for nothing steam :("
,Recommended,460930,30367359,Posted: 6 March,all,JJSOC,LOVE IT
76561198070902611,Not Recommended,460930,32655967,Posted: 22 June,all,YoshCNS,"this game...this game....this game. One of the greatest ♥♥♥♥ing endings in video game history. if you dont play that game you seriously have mental issues and I urge you to go see a doctor. I wll sue you actually if u dont, it is legally binding and you better be scared kid.............. To much water 0/10 play in suprise arizona only gg"
76561198005712134,Not Recommended,460930,30376384,Posted: 7 March,all,LeonBrown001,No cosmetic customization for your ai squad mates. considering refund!
76561198060634991,Not Recommended,460930,30382607,Posted: 7 March,all,Tenacious B,"Game will not start. Fix your game Ubisof. Terrible company. Tried everything. Installed twice, run as admin, drivers, graphics, everything. I have a lot of computer experience so I know what I'm doing. This is crap,"
,Recommended,460930,30367350,Posted: 6 March,all,Mistah Cookie,10/10 best Ubisoft game
,Recommended,460930,30367516,Posted: 6 March,all,valentino smurfy,this is the new ARMA
76561197997357940,Not Recommended,460930,30373940,Posted: 7 March,all,Doom Flavored,"really bad game, very boring , and the textures even on low, render slowly, creating muddy low rez looking textures"
,Not Recommended,460930,30377939,Posted: 7 March,all,Fkin'A man,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561198044556192,Recommended,460930,30367876,Posted: 6 March,all,Tyler✓,AMAZING GAME BRB GOT TO GO PLAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10/10 IGN
,Recommended,460930,30409227,Posted: 9 March,all,mr. poots,"Stunning game. I went in expecting very little, but was blown away by the beauty of the scenery and the smoothness of the gameplay. It's an absolute joy to play; one of my favourite games to date. Would definitely recommend."
76561198158112853,Recommended,460930,30409341,Posted: 9 March,all,afd33,"This game is fun. It has a huge map. It does have some flaws though. Occasionally it'll hang for like 2-3 seconds, I'm at 60+ fps besides that. Also, there's spots where you can get stuck, mostly in the mountains like in the rocks. Has happened three times to me already and I'm only like 6 hours in. You either have to kill yourself or fast travel if you're not in combat. Annoying, and probably solved by letting the character jump, but whatever. I'm having fun solo, and I'm sure coop is good too."
76561198158328361,Recommended,460930,30408271,Posted: 9 March,all,Markoanator808,"So, the driving in this game is bad because every time you turn in the wheel it lags (everything else is fine), I'm spoiled with games like gta and Mario cart which have great driving mechanics.The shooting is good,flying is fun, but shooting the convoys with a full squad is the best or if you prefer ramming it with a plane what ever floats you boat"
,Recommended,460930,30409293,Posted: 9 March,all,RyeIII,awesome game!remebers me of metal gear solid v and a bit of GTA.still having some hiccups in the gameplay but not that noticeable.
,Recommended,460930,30410487,Posted: 9 March,all,lamothei,"TL/DR: Over all pretty fun with some things that could improve. Some stuff can be subject to change since I only play 16 hours since review.It's been a long time since I had a open world co-op focused game, where you can play through the story with my friends. Having the ability to have more then one character is great to, so that I can play on my own with out progressing the multiplayer character I have with my friends. Then gun play is pretty fun and the stealthing about it sweet to. the vehichles are not bad for the most part, just the air crafts I find to be a bit clunky to control. The AI is pretty decent most of the time, of course always room for improvment (but that could go with adding dragging bodies gamplay), as some times i just stand by a door way and punch them in the face and they funel out like no one killed their buddy just then."
76561198079985574,Recommended,460930,30403225,Posted: 8 March,all,SW33T_WHISKEY,The game is really fun so far. The friendly AI are a little wonky sometimes. The sniper rifles zero is weird and don't really line up with the mil dots in the scopes. It's a blast to play with friends.
,Recommended,460930,30404132,Posted: 8 March,all,GodfreyOfBouillon158,"This game is very fun. I've read a lot of reviews say that it's not worth your time unless you have friends to play with, but I can absolutely say that that isn't true. I've not even touched co-op yet, and this is probably the best shooter I've played in a while. It looks gorgeous (and I'm running it on Low, Ultra must be ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful), and does what it says on the proverbial box. Driving is a little wonky, but the vehicles get you from A to B, which is the point. Don't expect to be able to race your buddies, though. The enemy AI is kind of dumb (especially on lower difficulties) and usually go down with only a hit or two, but there are generally enough of them that you can't just go in guns blazing and win. The drone is a nice feature, very useful for tactical planning, and I love the idea of the Sync Shot (looking forward to trying it with other humans when I eventually go to co-op). The voice acting is mostly deadpanned, but the writing is pretty good and that makes up for it IMO. Runs pretty smooth (again, on Low) and so far I haven't encountered any major bugs. Altogether, I'd give it a 7.5/10. Will increase it if Ubisoft makes the enemy (and team) AI a little smarter."
,Recommended,460930,30386165,Posted: 7 March,all,Vue19EC|<,THIS GAME WON'T LOAD.TESTED ON STEAM AND UPLAY.Save your money.******UPDATE******I have changed it to RECOMMENDED AND I HAVE CANCEL MY REFUND.I finally found an fix after investing hours upon hours.http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1602022-Game-will-not-launch-at-allSo far so good... it diff feels like a Division DLC but the envoriment so far looks better.Will be back to complete review.
,Recommended,460930,30369856,Posted: 7 March,all,NJOldersocks,"I ONLY recommend buying this game if you have a group of people to play with. I had a crash in the first 5 minutes and some minor FPS issues. I have a GTX 1080/i7 4790K & 16GB of RAM. Also, I have my sensitivity set to ZERO and it's still way too high... Which gives me No Man's Sky flashbacks. Some stuff (cosmetics) are locked behind a paywall at release in a game I just spent 60 dollars on. Co-op multiplayer works well, and is, like I said, the only reason I'd recommend buying this game - it's not fun playing alone.Edit: I had none of those issues in the beta, except for sensitivity which still needs to be fixed. Also, haven't had another crash since the first 10 minutes of playing."
76561198372731694,Recommended,460930,30404072,Posted: 8 March,all,travis.morehead5,"Overall a very exciting FPS. The story line isn't anything spectacular, and the gameplay gets repetitive. The game still is not at all boring and it is absolutely gorgeous. If you've played open world games, you know what to expect."
,Recommended,460930,30367842,Posted: 6 March,all,Muerto,"Long Review, more of a rant.First off all, let me get some things I hate out of the way that have less to do with the game itself but the business practices being employed.-Day 1 Microtransaction DLC ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.-Uplay-Denuvo sapping my computer-nVidia GameworksAlright, so about 17 hors in and here are my thoughts so far.Wildlands feels like a Jack of All trades but Master at none type of game.It feels like it tries to bridge the gap between ARMA and Far Cry 3/4 and MGSVWith a mix of tons of other games.You're supposed to apply ARMA-esque tactis to apporach places, you know. Recon area, have your squad take up good positions, let them know when to go loud, what areas to take, who to take out, what vehicle, etc. Problem is that almost every game you enter devolves into just run and gun. At higher difficulties, it's either every enemy is dead in a minute or the whole squad it down. This is mainly because of flawed stealth and cover mechanics. Cover is pretty damn scarce or just plain useless, you can be complety in cover and somehow still managed to be killed. Enemies are pretty unaware. If you miss a shot, that just grazes them and makes a loud hit sound next to them, there is still a slight chance that they'll notice. Sometimes enemies spawn in at random times, so you can clear out a whole place but this 1 enemy appears and ♥♥♥♥s everybody over, sounds an alarm, and then you're ♥♥♥♥ed.It has the typical Ubisoft Collection ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that we've seen a ton of. In this case, it is more akin to Far Cry 3/4. Go here and pick up this to unlock this weapon. I'm glad Ubisoft has moved away from the ""Activiate the Tower to Unlock the Map,"" but they've seperated the Points of Interest aspect of it. You won't know where to find thing unless you come across some intel. You have to do this about 5-6 times for each section for every collectible.On the point of collectibles, almost everything is an uncesseary collectible. I think the bonus skillpoint medals you pick up should be awarded for clearing out the base they apeear in. With their respective Skill Medals, collectibles that award a tier of a skill, for clearing out an extremely large base without being detected, or just using a certain weapon, etc. Weapons and their parts should be unlocked by doing rebel missions, or have some sort of money system, something similar already found in Far Cry 3/4. Or something like the research system like in MGSV, my favorite system.While on MGSV, there isn't really a variety of ways to approach a base. It tends to devolve to snipe from afar, because the drone is rarely jammed, and enemies are pretty clueless, and bases are flat and have little to no cover for enemies to take when they find you. There aren't any multiple enrty points, and you can usually tell when the game doesn't want you to take this weird path because you'll have to struggle with world geometry.Unlike MGSV and FarCry 3/4, while there are different enemy types, they are all pretty weak, even at the highest difficulty mind you. Snipers take a really long time to shoot at you. Generic enemies only sport assault rifles. Armored units feel like they take the same amount of shots as generic. Elite enemies, or Veterans as they are called, aren't any smarter than their Generic counterpart. The only purpose they serve is that if they are killed, other enemies might surrender. Small improvemnts and additions could go a long way, for example, Armored enemies take a really well placed shot to take out. Bring in the Shotgunners and Molotov throwing enemies from Far Cry. Add an enemy that is so drugged up that he takes not only takes more damage, but is fast and rushes you because he doesn't care about his well being. Snipers can't be marked and don't give an indication when they are about to shoot.It's really hard not to see these flaws when you've played games that have done it better, and a bit embarrasing that another Ubisoft title has done it better.Some other points.-The world is masive, and beautiful. Problem is that once you've playyed for a few hours, you start to recognize assets pretty quick and every village looks the same. Some bases are just copy and paste, only the scenery in the back is different.-Vehicles feel bad. They've improved it since both the Open And Closed Beta, but it still feels like you are driving boats on land. Boats themselves are fine. Helicopters are flown, but take suggestions in this game. Wish there was more vehicle variety. A big aspect of open world games, is that the vehicles have to be varied and feel good. Or there has to be another system that is superior to get around, like the Parachute and Grapple in Just Cause 2 or 3.I hate the fact that that the Gunsmith/Weaponsmith, a gun custimaztion tool/menu that was featured in Future Soldier, is pretty bare bones. A lot of parts are missing. Like Ammo Type and Gas System, Grip (as in the Grip next to the trigger, not the one that goes on a rail) options have been removed. Each section only has 2-3 parts. For example, mags used to have Drum, Double, 10rnd, 20rnd, 30rnd and more. Bipods are non-existant. Underbarrel Shotgun non-existant. The fact that I can't different attachments on different rails. Etcetera. Just a ghost of it's former self.Not to mention weapon variety is pretty lacking. Everything feels the same, some weapons just have more parts than others. There are only 3 shotguns. :(A MAJOR POINT. On why I think a lot of things were made into collectibles and are just plain missing.I suspect that Ubisoft is going to add all of this as DLC in the future, which just angers me, but I have no real proof except the fact that there is DAY ! MICROTRASACTION DLC. There are guns that you have to buy from the in game store to get access to them. Currently there are six of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Day 1 DLC things in the game. And Converting their price to actual money, THEY ARE VALUEING THIS AT AROUND 50 AMERICAN DOLLARS. That's ♥♥♥♥ing insane.Anyway, this is a in-progress review. I'll update it at around 50 hours, since I believe that in order to get a good feel for large games, they have to be played for 50 or more.It's a solid, well made game. Which is why I'm giving it a 'Yes.' A bit repetetive, but solid. We'll see once I get to the 50."
,Recommended,460930,30408788,Posted: 9 March,all,Siomay //,Rating 8/10
,Not Recommended,460930,30407213,Posted: 9 March,all,Eilibex,This review will change to recommended a few months down the line when the glaring technical ♥♥♥♥ups are fixed.#BroughttoyoubyUbisoft#Workingasintended#Whatthe♥♥♥♥isabetaforanyway
,Recommended,460930,30405079,Posted: 9 March,all,SpaceBean,"I do like the game though i expected a bit more Ghost Recon, game runns smooth on AMD RX48060fps 1080p on high settings. There are some bugs and expecting a game these days to be released without bugs is.. well lets say not smart.7/10 needs more breaching and tactics"
76561197966554145,Recommended,460930,30407980,Posted: 9 March,all,Payback,"This is a great Open World Game with a lot of similarities to the Far Cry franchise. It has it's kinks, like your Computer-controlled team-mates being incredibly stupid in Single-Player, which is incredibly frustrating on Ghost difficulty.Pros:- This is a great new concept.- The possibility for Co-Op makes for great hours with your friends, but it definitely requires the entire team being confident using a microphone.- As soon as you go above Hard, this game becomes incredibly challenging, which some people will embrace, others should probably stay away from Hard at first.- Beautiful game, no really, the game is so beautifully made with physics not seen before if your computer can run it on Very High/Ultra. As soon as you go below Medium you might as well be playing on a PlayStation 2.- Amazingly complete for a Ubisoft game...Cons:- The AI is still incredibly stupid. On Single-Player the computer-generated Team-mates will literally hide in plain sight for all to see, including the baddies. This leads to you quickly debating whether to throw the idea of being stealthy out the window and just go all out Rambo - Which just makes it even more frustrating playing on a high difficulty as you will die pretty quick trying to be stealthy.- Driving/Flying is difficult at first, and it could feel more natural and fluid. Think Far Cry 4 driving, but less natural.- Micro-transactions. However not required as you can find most stuff in caches as you go along, and you'd be just fine, but this is a practice slowly destroying the fun of playing games.- Overall super demanding game for your computer. I play on i7 with 16GB Ram and a 4GB GPU, and the game stutters on full Ultra (expected?) - One setting (think it was the grass fluidity setting) on Very High fixes the issue, so take from that what you will.Overall a highly recommended game if you like the Far Cry series with a mix of GTA, but if you want to play Super Stealth Ltd. you'd be better off waiting until Ubisoft (hopefully?) improves on the AI."
,Recommended,460930,30408144,Posted: 9 March,all,[WaW] Archimonday,"Where to begin with this game. I have anxiously been praying for a massive open world game set in a modern military setting, and although the drug cartel setting in Bolivia is not quite what I had in mind; I was instantly interested in a Ghost Recon game with an open world. This is the caveat however: even though the game is fun, beautiful, and is close to what I was expecting. The shining problems with this game on PC because of its clear console port birth are heart breaking.The controls for this game on PC are absolutely terrible. I spent more time in the first couple hours trying to figure out and remap my controls so that it was easier for me to do even basic things like command my squad; which btw, is totally♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why is it not possible to select each of my squad members individually while playing offline, see a large overview of the surrounding area, and order them to different areas to actually plan an attack? No, instead I have to order them around in a trio and hope that I surprise the enemy enough to end the fight quickly. In-fact, the terrible squad system (which is obviously for console players) seemingly forces PC players to play with other people in a multiplayer setting through match making just to have any fun. Now look, I love multiplayer just as much as the next guy, but there are times when im in my bedroom at night, relaxing, that I don't want to have to listen to anybody else in my headset and just play by myself. Why do I not have deeper command options, or even the ability to switch between squad mates, customize their loadouts and visuals, is this a Ghost Recon game or not?Other than that, you turn certain hud elements off, and despite the horrible looking muzzle flashes in this game, I have fun. However, there are more than a number of missions where I option to leave my AI squadmates behind and go about it stealthy on my own because, well, the AI gets you into trouble.I think if Ubisoft was to patch this game, especially for PC, with a little bit more player control over their AI teammates, and add some more diversity to what is going on in the game world (because, lets be honest this feels like Farcry with a squad) where even after we beat the story mission its still fun to go into the game and have firefights with groups of attacking and defending AI, then this game will see a happier player base."
76561198036218188,Recommended,460930,30384264,Posted: 7 March,all,Radical Agrarian Death Squads,10/10 Would play Mafia III again.
76561198104035658,Recommended,460930,30384369,Posted: 7 March,all,Anal?,if i was to recommend an Ubisoft game this would be the only one with maybe siege.they really did a great job with the Ghost Recon by living up to the name.easily recommend this to anyone who likes open world or military shootersjob good Ubisoft
,Recommended,460930,30384394,Posted: 7 March,all,AngryApples,"Waiting on my one hour suspension because I didn't know my Uplay sign in/password (can't remember the last time I used it). Steep penalty for trying to dust off an old account. Wish I would have known ahead of time.Since my brief wait, I've been able to put in a couple hours in the game. Noticed a few people were unhappy that I criticized Uplay without mentioning the gameplay, so I figured I'd finish up the review here. Alot of the official reviews had talked about glitches due to the massive area, which I haven't seen yet. Reviews also mentioned bad friendly AI. While the friendly AI isn't a great help in a firefight, I have noticed their ability to stay concealed and move from cover to cover without any micromanaging. So while I get that the AI isn't great, I'm glad they don't require any babysitting and let the player just focus on enjoying the game. There are only a handful of orders I can give my team, and for the most part, giving them orders doesn't really help much. Not nearly as much team management as the old Ghost Recons prior to future soldier. Only real issue I ran into was when I noticed a few of my team members running into walls or poles, which was more funny than actually hurting gameplay. Also saw where reviews were saying it was too similar to farcry 4. I see plenty of similarities in the plot and setting. The strategy I've used in this game is the same as taking an outpost in Farcy 4.. find a highpoint, scout enemy locations (can use a drone instead of just binos), and start taking enemies out without being detected. Aside from this, the gameplay feels very different and doesn't feel anything like a copy paste job.In my couple hours of gameplay, I'd say I barely scratched the surface of the game. It looks like I'll get plenty of gameplay hours for my money. Biggest concern here is that all the missions so far have been extremely similar to the last, and that missons may get boring after a while. As for now, it's still a blast trying to conquer my next task with more stealth than the last. This game is definately steared towards the stealth approach, and does it well thus far. Going in guns blazing is possible, depending on the mission, but it's extremely difficult and may take a few tries.Vehicles, helicopters especially, have very arcade, dumbed down controls that make them easy to learn, but not as much fun to use as I had hoped.So there you go, I do recommend this game, just dont try your luck on the Uplay password and hit the ""forget my password"" tab instead ;)"
76561197981371971,Recommended,460930,30620255,Posted: 19 March,all,CyPHeR369,"Having lots of fun withe friends doing co-op, also like that it's solo for when they are not around to play with.  Hoping they don't intergrate PVP into the game and ""Division"" it, and  keep it separate from co-op/solo.  Enjoy the different ways you can replay missions your friends have not done and take a different approach at it.  Great weapon customization, got a good gun with a bad scope, no prob just track down the new part and put in on.  Good graphics, huge map to explore and nice visuals.  Glad me and friends got this cuz we all just kicked GTA V to the curb LOL.  If the vehicles were not to wonky and hard to control I would give it 10/10 but until they fix them it's a 9/10 from me."
76561198072215601,Recommended,460930,30620370,Posted: 19 March,all,BTsanwich,"This game is very fun but two aspects of this game make me so mad I almost can't see straight.1.  When you are infiltrating a base and some RANDOM non-combative npc comes driving up, spot's you, drive's away fast, and guess what?  The whole base knows where you are!  No warning whatsoever it just randomly happens if you are by a street.  The Unidad npc's are getting so annoying that I started returning to the main menu and reloading after getting spotted.2.  Whoever handled the helicopter spawning mechanics in this game is a cruel, cruel person.  Almost everytime I spawn a heli it lands in between two trees, next to a wall, or on top of another heli that is about to explode.  It seriously feels like they did it on purpose to mess with me.  (By the way, the flying and driving mechanics are not terrible, it's just not like gtaV so people are crying about it)Other than those two things this game is very fun.  Notice most of the bad reviews have less than two hours played.  I don't understand how people can play a game for an hour and say ""well I'm sure that's all this game has to offer.  Negative review.""  Wildlands really opens up after the first five hours.  The map is HUGE.  Playing co op is super fun and getting creative with friends can reach lengths of hilarity that you never thought possible.  However, playing solo is still very fun.   And I absolutely love the guns/gun-play in this game.  It's a mix between 3rd person cover shooter and battlefield 4 sighting and bullet travel.  Takes a little getting used to but after a little bit you can make some pretty incredible shots.The graphics look incredible, I'm playing on a gtx 1070 at 2k with everything maxed.  Yes the frame rate hovers around 40-50 fps but even for a fps nazi like myself, it still looks and plays really good.  Definetly worth sacrificing fps for the better graphics options.  (Damn console ports!)Oh and by the way...all these people saying this is a Division rehash...really?  Did you play either of those games?  They are two incredibly different games.  Next time actually play the game before reviewing it."
,Recommended,460930,30629322,Posted: 19 March,all,ajeffery132,"Excellent game. The ai does need some work but the the map is amazing, the weapons customization is great, and the game offers plenty to do for its price. I have 66% finished with 54 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,460930,30630156,Posted: 19 March,all,✝ Rondo,"This is completely my own personal opinion and review of this game please do not take anything I say to heart.Once, I loaded up the game and started playing I was amazed at how much this game reminded me of a similar game I played when I was little on PS2 called Mercenaries by the take down system. I really enjoy this game not only for the Solo play but the CO-OP play as well. I love solo play and I think ive logged around 60 of my hours into it. I caught myself traveling from place to place instead of fast traveling, because of the pure fun of finding random supplies scattered around Bolivia. The most annoying thing about this game is the Unidad. I have a lot of fun on this game and recomend this to anyone interested in the Open World Shooter type of games. But let's be honest what do I know, I love the Division."
76561198050759947,Recommended,460930,30639192,Posted: 20 March,all,必殺の鶏ハム,"If it has Tom Clancy's The Divison's weapon system should be awesome! After get all weapons, and all parts, the game begin get bored in quest and quest.Graphic: 8/10Music: 7/10Game Play: 8/10Nice game but need something new to make the gamer want stay in here."
,Not Recommended,460930,30368074,Posted: 6 March,all,AimlessCinderKnight,"so far im not overly thrilled by trying to make a character and getting hit with the ""running out of date version of game, please check files"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Edit: Well after an hour of being annoyed and confused about how it could possibly have outdated files i varified the game files 2 or 3 times, restarted my pc, restarted steam. it finally seems to work and be playable.another edit: somehow ubisoft has maneged to make the game run even worse, i had issues before but now it doesnt even run smooth. it constantly either freezes or stops for at least 30 seconds at a time. how ubisoft? how do you always ♥♥♥♥ up? last damn game i get from them."
76561198127521182,Recommended,460930,30639024,Posted: 20 March,all,BIGSPUNK81,A Ubi soft game that didn't suck.
,Recommended,460930,30397440,Posted: 8 March,all,Gangstabua,"The gameplay is nice, the map is huge and the graphics are awesome! The only downside is, that you need a rather powerful PC to play it on decent settings.The HTI rocks! best anti-vehicle sniper <3"
76561198065570374,Recommended,460930,30473156,Posted: 12 March,all,Dr. Vapes,"In the midst of unfinished, unpatched garbage that Ubisoft pushes out this is a glimmer of hope for the company. Huge map, plenty of weapons, and enough content in the game without any DLC to get your dollars worth. Fun solo, even better in coop. I recommend this game to anyone who is looking for an open world military tactical shooter."
76561198006715661,Recommended,460930,30468516,Posted: 12 March,all,Cromium,"im giving this borderline a thumbs up.it is what it is, but the gameplay gets so boring fast, the AI ghosts cheat, this is ment for multiplayer, but u need people u know to do that, and if you do that with tandoms you will get 8 year old kids screaming mom jokes at you.Yes its an ""ok"" game but wait for the discount.Small details on microtransactions: everything you can buy from the shop you can earn in game with the exception of 2-3 sets. So its not pay to win"
,Recommended,460930,30466207,Posted: 12 March,all,Looyenss,Eventhough i really dislike the way ubi ports and downgrades it's games the last few years they really didn't ♥♥♥♥ up this time.Although i dislike to play this game solo it is really good to play co-op.To bad the AI has better aim then my teammates but i have a lot more fun co-op then alone..And omg it is georgeous...!
,Recommended,460930,30457490,Posted: 11 March,all,Xeonus,Absolutely lovely with friends!
76561198070303474,Recommended,460930,30465901,Posted: 12 March,all,Wreckless,I'm having a lot of fun so far with this game and have found myself lost in the vast landscape that the game provides.
,Recommended,460930,30465012,Posted: 11 March,all,TheHavokWarrior,"So far I am enjoying this game. I like the openness of the game to go wherever I want and do missions that are to my skill level. So far I have some of the best sniper rifles and scopes in the game, which some were a bit rough to get. Later I will purchase the Season Pass after the first piece of DLC releases. TBH it's a lot better than future soldier. I'm gonna go back and play that after I get done with this."
76561198318438823,Recommended,460930,30465021,Posted: 12 March,all,@Nero,"This game is super fun! It reminds me of Socom US Navy SEALS,. Theres some patches that needs to be done but Im having a blast. The only game I played was ARMA 3 which I love, but I needed a different shooter game to play and this game is was the one."
,Recommended,460930,30466164,Posted: 12 March,all,Floris,"Typical for Ubisoft to offer a massive amount of content. Just in the beginning of this game, so interesting to see if this will start to get old (i did see some of the narco homes already come back, but maybe that is simply the intention).Graphically definitely up there with other games, personally i did not encounter any crashes or even very long load times.For now: ""buy""."
76561198072204343,Recommended,460930,30462813,Posted: 11 March,all,[IFN]Petra[SM],"I'll give this game a 6 on singleplayer but as soon as you get friends it is a 10. Overall shooting mechanics is good, driving mechanics is not good but not bad, I give it a 8/10 for everything."
76561198005742061,Recommended,460930,30463928,Posted: 11 March,all,Grimxonic,"I'm having lots of fun with this game, it reminds me of Far Cry/GTA V/MGS V. On the hardest difficulty and with a customizable HUD the game can be really hard and rewarding. With many settings and in game customization as well the game can be as hard or easy as you want it to be. It can be played solo or with friends, and it's fun both ways. The only gripe I have with it so far is the driving/cars, in general cars taking generalized damage instead of specific."
76561198165079606,Recommended,460930,30461875,Posted: 11 March,all,Potato,Great game. A little repetitive but still a blast. Vehicle physics and controls need some work and possibly nerf the drone. Seems a bit odd to have an unlimited supply of drones in your back pocket haha
,Recommended,460930,30463784,Posted: 11 March,all,sPoNgEbOb sQuArEpAnTs,Great game with amazing view.
,Recommended,460930,30433520,Posted: 10 March,all,Perry_EST19XX,"after playing beta i was abit unsure yes ut was good but felt bit of the same thing each time, but i got it hoping it would be better in the full game... and its is but its not, yeah you have to do the same thing but the way you can go about it is unbelivable! amazing game play and running this with a 1080! my eyes have seen the light of god! great game and makes you come back for more! 9/10! MUST BUY!"
76561198123954524,Recommended,460930,30433830,Posted: 10 March,all,Kilo,The game is super fun.  I am playing buy myself and have never before wanted to pick the slowest vehicle in a game and just drive as far as I can.  The game is just awesome....except the squad voice acting.  I understand that people were never really intended to hear this as much as I do.  The main character is the worst.  I have never felt so much second hand cringe in my life.  I guess they try to seem funny and relatable but it is just awful.
76561198029440782,Recommended,460930,30433952,Posted: 10 March,all,pricegod,A very good game
76561198087012586,Recommended,460930,30433614,Posted: 10 March,all,(×çGL×) Michaelx,"Great game when you play it with friends, and it has excellent graphics and gameplay."
76561198060061431,Recommended,460930,30433927,Posted: 10 March,all,...,"If you get to play it, it's a good game, great character and weapon customization, however the AI is crap and unbalanced for the most part, and the game can get repetitive quickly, but remains fun. sadly my game remains nearly unplayable do to files not given permission/access when downloading, and ingame if I get a fast car the game lags and falls behind in loading causing bugs where my team have no guns and can't help fight.PROS:-Fun with friends or solo (AI team can help but can also get in the way-Story-Good Co-Op game-Bosses give special weapons and accessories as a reward-Very large open world-Choose your own path through the storyCONS:-Repetitive-Buggy-AI is unbalanced (enemies spot you to easily and still a challenge even on the easiest game mode, where as your team does not fire unless you give the order or fired upon)-Your team feeds you false or late info, even when it's their fault (such as warning you of a chopper after you shot it down, or missing/delayed synch shot gets you caught and then saying you did it)Neutral:...(I need to think more for this part)"
,Recommended,460930,30427665,Posted: 10 March,all,haakefan,Dumped in 11 hours in two days. barely even made it out of the first area. Co-oping is easy to set up and its such a blast of a game that its easy to find people to play with. Great time!!!This is the kind of game that will set trends. Great job ubisoft. You have won me back as a customer!!!
76561197979095986,Recommended,460930,30420162,Posted: 9 March,all,Sgt. Rock,"First off, game runs smoothly. Not one crash as of yet. Install to play, no issues. This pleases me greatly. Took awhile, that was it. Nice work, clancyfolks.Gameplay: Feels somewhat like just cause or farcy series in the sense of sandbox execution. Looks friggin gloriously amazing though. My hat is off to the world designers and artists, this game is gorgeous in all aspects, environment, effects, night/day cycles, shadows, volumetric lighting etc etc. Fun gameplay (solo only atm) without the AI feeling too cumbersome or useless. Lots to do, lots to kill. All the towns seems to respawn their enemy pops.Cons: Has a purchasing option for weapons/ mods. Seriously, once you figure out to do a couple intel grabs in each area, all the weapons are illuminated, making them easy to locate. Waste of money.Once I figured out the mechanics, it lost a little luster. I have to say the explosions could use a little more flash, sparks, and overall reworking. Ive noticed a lag issue with grenades and rockets exploding as well.I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who likes to kill things in a gorgeous sandbox world."
76561198031462738,Recommended,460930,30377680,Posted: 7 March,all,The Wide Stone,"ORIGINAL: Half an hour in loading screens. Even my patience has limits.NEW: After getting the latest update for my graphics card, the game runs like a charm. Yeah, yeah, I know. But I'm nearly 40, so let's not bash the elderly too much? ;-)"
76561198053335529,Recommended,460930,30418438,Posted: 9 March,all,"Hey Vsauce, Michael Here","My setup consists of a GTX 970 4GB overclocked, an i5 - 6600K at 4.6 GHz, and 16 GB of HyperX Fury DDR4.  Running this game at 2560 x 1080 on the medium, high, and very high graphics preset the game runs at about 40 FPS. After installing the Game Ready Drivers the game runs the same. Letting Geforce Experience optimize the game puts all of my graphics settings to low. While 40 FPS is playable, the optimization is bad, because Ubisoft. Buy something else if 40 FPS is a dealbreaker.That being said, this game is fun enough to make me forget about it's performance 99% of the time."
,Recommended,460930,30421377,Posted: 9 March,all,Tora,"Great game. I could be a bit bias as I have waited for this kind of a game for a long time (modern warfare style open world with a bit of rpg including elements of stealth).Of course Wildlands has its bugs, it wouldn't be a Ubisoft game without them, but they are very miniscule. Biggest ""mistake"" that I have myself found is hitboxes. For example sometimes when Unidad soldiers are behind the cover but their head or leg is sticking out I couldn't hit them, meaning that hitboxes were f'd up. Why this is a big thing atleast for me, is because if you try to be as stealthy as you can, which is this games kinda idea, enemys will notice you, if shoot them through head without killing them."
76561198042648524,Recommended,460930,30426418,Posted: 10 March,all,CrusaderKiller,"This is a great game. It is very fun. Once I got past that it is an action shooter and NOT a military SIM, I have been having a blast. Very fun with friends. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,460930,30427103,Posted: 10 March,all,malware.zip,This game is really good. Runs ok on my computer. I have Rx 480 8GB but my stupid AMD 8320 is really holding me back lol. But I can play the game on medium settings and 1080P at 60fps. The physics in the game are ok not the greatest but they work in the game. I love the weapon customization and character customization as well. They are very in depth. The map is huge and the guns feel great. Absolutely love this game. 9/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,460930,30429882,Posted: 10 March,all,Kwijibo,"Really enjoyable game. Needs some optimization like The Division did, but a lot of fun so far in co op. Worth picking up. Stunning visuals."
76561197993343104,Recommended,460930,30430089,Posted: 10 March,all,disregarD.,"Its fun until you get in a game with a few buddies... then its AMAZING! Graphics are great, controls seem intuitive, map is large and you are given the freedom to complete things in any way you want.I would highly recommend this game but bring friends!"
,Recommended,460930,30422260,Posted: 10 March,all,J.Z JiN.,"This is really fun for both solo and co op. When co op-ing, the more player the better."
,Recommended,460930,30422402,Posted: 10 March,all,nZeeR,"Soo good. Very immersive and rewards stealthy, tactical gameplay. Heals when dropping back from combat break the Ghost Recon tradition, but it's still so very satisfying to play."
76561198100664801,Recommended,460930,30422336,Posted: 10 March,all,jriosjr15,I like the game justs need to fix frame rate drops
,Recommended,460930,30425784,Posted: 10 March,all,Xeleet,Love the gamegraphic is nicegameplay is greatMore like far cry with co-op. You keep playing and you friend join and play with you. you dont have to leave and join. I really like that.
76561197960292089,Recommended,460930,30381194,Posted: 7 March,all,[ToS]AUT-Cypher,"This game makes fun BUT:- It needs a massive performance patch:(i'm playing on i7 4770 and gtx980ti and getting massive frame drops down to 30 on ""only"" high settings)-> Lastest n-vidia driver solved this problem 4me!- The steering of vehicles (cars/helis and motorcycles):Is crap with mouse and keyboard (I hit the button for just 0.5 secs and the car/motorcycle makes a u-turn or a massive brake) and no: setting the controls in helicopter to mouse is definately NOT an option- Unlocked weapons via u-play won't work (there are many others with the same problem in steam-discussions)-> Solved- The bullet physics:With assault rifles /LMG's its ok but with a sniper (m40a2) over 100m u can forget it. i mean come on... 100m + and the bullet ""flys"" over 2 seconds?This game is called ""Ghost Recon"" but in the current state it should be better called ""Gun and Run - Wildlands"" cause i see no tactics here!For example:My firebuddy and me were targeting 2 enemys, he had an m4a1 assault rifle and i had the m40a2 sniper. We were both lying on the same spot, he counted 3,2,1 and his bullet hits the enemy while mine goes into the wall because the reaction of the enemy AI was faster then my bullet... for real?Fix your netcode ubisoft especially when u'r planning to add PvP to this game or fix the bullet speed of the weapons at least!But anyway in SP this game makes fun (exept the AI problems that i wrote before)cheers[ToS] HadeS"
76561198000790839,Recommended,460930,30421926,Posted: 9 March,all,Jombler,the game the division should have been
,Recommended,460930,30420967,Posted: 9 March,all,okso,"Mesmerizing game. Beautiful graphic with just a great overall experience playing with my friends. Both good for wether or not you want to roleplay. Although the lack of contents and repetitive missions slightly worry me at the moment, a huge map with multiple vehicles do provide me plethora of places that i can maybe chill or fool around with my friends. I definitely do not regret paying 60 for this game."
76561198032777192,Recommended,460930,30420852,Posted: 9 March,all,HollyShiT,I love this game! Grets!
,Recommended,460930,30419529,Posted: 9 March,all,MyBagel,"Did you like Far Cry 4 but craved something more tactical?  Guess what?  You'll love this game.Lost of fun, but will hopefully have enough decent DLC to keep it fresh."
76561198087012960,Recommended,460930,30434372,Posted: 10 March,all,Badchump,"So far so good. Ubisoft did well with the release of this title. It feels like a modernized Ghost Recon. My pros/cons below.--Pros--1. Headshots count. 1 bullet = 1 kill.2. Mistakes count, make them and you will likely suffer for it.3. Character customization is addicting4. Tactics are cool. Every mission can be accomplished more or less with any style of tactic you wish to employ.5. Community of players is good so far. My friend and I played one night and it was filled with ""That was awesome!"" ""OH ***T!!!"" and many laughs.6. Sky -freakin'- diving! Try this one and you will see what I mean if you like this sort of thing.--Cons--1. Driving is a little weird but it is not awful.2.Flying in my opinion is awful. I have flown with use of keyboard and a controller and didnt like either. This is just my opinion however.3. I play on the 3rd hardest difficulty and it still feels just a little easy. (I will have to try to turn it up)"
76561198050999484,Recommended,460930,30472342,Posted: 12 March,all,shoe.burn,So far love it
76561198116932950,Recommended,460930,30475792,Posted: 12 March,all,DIMITROV,:O
,Not Recommended,460930,30458587,Posted: 11 March,all,ActualBP,"Typical 2016-2017 AAA release: tons of hard crashes, network problems, and visual bugs......but luckily the cash shop and microtransactions are working perfectly!TL;DR: Wait until it gets a major patch, or until it goes on sale."
76561198039227284,Recommended,460930,30458530,Posted: 11 March,all,-=SupremeMaster=-,"This game is really fun! At first I thought it was going to be full of repetative missions but I cant seem to stop playing. It is getting progressively harder, and the challenges of stealth fighting are very fullfilling. I strongly recommend this game as a time killer till Mass Effect comes out!"
,Recommended,460930,30456612,Posted: 11 March,all,Dongaldo,Game has been a ton of fun the first 30 hours. Loving it so much bought 3 copies for others to join in on the fun.
76561197999915509,Recommended,460930,30461035,Posted: 11 March,all,UDpierced,"Alphas, Betas, now full release and I already have 24 hours into the game after release.First off I would like to address the faults of the game starting with the driving.The driving feels floaty and sometimes just unresponsive. Get into a different vehicle and those same floaty unresponsive controls feel almost TOO responsive.The second thing I would like to address is the AI (note there is a way to improve AI through the leveling system in the game) However starting off the AI is sometimes extremely unreliable. Talking about Halo Marines or random call of duty soldiers unreliable here. I have died several times yelling at my AI teammates to shoot the guy he is holding hands with and come save me. But other than the driving and the sometimes extremely terrible AI This game is amazing.Now for the Pros. of the game.The game has a huge map that is filled with tons of things you can interact with whether its having to wait on a train or stopping a meeting between 2 of the enemy factions in the game.Approaching any givin situation is completely up to you. From stealthy sniping to driving directly into enemy territory with a tank to going full splintercell using stealth takedowns.There is ALWAYS something to do from side missions, to story missions, to unlocking weapons and upgrades the game will have an objective than you can do.Customization is always a good thing! The customization in the game for character customization is a little strict but with some creativity you can make pretty much whatever character you want.Now for weapon customization you can change everything on your weapons of choice except the ammunition type however some restrictions may apply between the different weapon types. Example: no suppressors for shotguns.Weapon behavior is also a plus for me. The recoil and bullet drop and just the way the weapons feel gives the game a really crisp feeling.Enemy AI behavior during weather and time of day actually matters! clear skys at noon? Enemies will be EVERYWHERE and will be able to see you easier! clear skys at night? Some enemies will be on patrol but some will also be inside and others will be asleep! Storming means enemies will also be inside with only a couple of unlucky saps left out in the storm.The game is beautiful! also you can watch water evaporate and roll around in the dirt to make your character look dirty.llamas are in the game. who doesnt want to chill out with a herd of llamas!?"
76561198033423825,Recommended,460930,30465420,Posted: 12 March,all,Cant stump the Trump,Would have been WAY better if it was set in the 80s during the cold war/Reagans war on drugs. Still fun though.I also wanted a crossbow so I could wear a ghillie suit and pretend to be Chewbacca.
76561197965878110,Recommended,460930,30463260,Posted: 11 March,all,Megabyte,"The game has a nice mix of tactical and arcade shooter. If you're on the fence about this one, wait until it goes on sale. If you're interested in it, it's probably worth full price still.The good:- LARGE play area- Tons to do- Good weapon pool- Decent talent system to cater to how you want to play- ""Story"" is good- Playable with or without friends (friendly AI take a bit of commanding to make them useful though)The bad:- AI are still either completely unaware of you or are blasting you 200 meteres away with dual SMGs with no problem as soon as you're in line of sight- Cover system feels kind of tacked on and could use alot of work- Desynchronization issues where party members wont see/be seen by anything or things just wont spawn in until you're in the midle of them"
,Recommended,460930,30606356,Posted: 18 March,all,[TKS]BIGDADDY,wow love it from the start my kind of game thank you ..
76561198151094084,Recommended,460930,30606012,Posted: 18 March,all,~TG~ Youaremine The Buffalo,"This game is very new, I bought it a  week after it came out, I can not express how much I love this game, a good game if you want to go around this huge map and kill people. They need to fix a few bugs, but overall it is good."
76561198043749213,Recommended,460930,30605838,Posted: 18 March,all,Kris the Abyss,"The sheer amount of content is bonkers...if you like shooting stuff and doing ""operator"" stuff you can not go wrong here. I wish the optimization was better though..."
76561198281503565,Recommended,460930,30605540,Posted: 18 March,all,DC Native,I quite enjoyed the gameplay loop. Weapon customization and character upgrade systems are great. The world design is absolutely incredbile. Story isn't THAT amazing but it does make you feel like a commando running clandestine ops in the bush. I just finished all story and side missions and am bummed there isn't more.
,Recommended,460930,30604154,Posted: 18 March,all,Pozolito,Nice
76561198071033208,Not Recommended,460930,30535381,Posted: 15 March,all,Deerlobe,"Ghost Recon Wildlands is ok. Due to Steam's lack of an in between ratings ill just say negative.Its fun, its linear, and then its over. Thats it really.I personally think that replayability is as important as gameplay soooo....."
76561198369235752,Recommended,460930,30422272,Posted: 10 March,all,gvelez1986,great game
,Recommended,460930,30387522,Posted: 8 March,all,spritian,"If it crashes, reinstall Windows. Worked for me, lol.---Original review and trolls being idiots below:Super furious. This game refuses to load - period. I'm an IT professional and have tried EVERYTHING to get this pos to load, and it keeps crashing when continuing or selecting a save slot. EVERY. ♥♥♥♥ING. TIME. KEEPS CRASHING.I HAVE LEGIT MADE MY CHARACTER, ONLY FOR IT TO CRASH, AND CAN'T DO♥♥♥♥♥♥AFTER THAT. Load save slots? Crash. Try to continue? Crash. Almost break my keyboard in frustration? Crash..5 hrs on record? BAHAHA .5 hrs of ♥♥♥♥ing CRASHING. I don't even know what the ♥♥♥♥ing GAME LOOKS LIKE!WTF UBI, this is a joke. They had a bug that it has to be ran from OS drive, moved it to OS drive, tried running as admin, legit removed everything from startup via msconfig, prayed to g-d, reinstalled graphics card - this ♥♥♥♥♥ refuses to function period.FIX IT."
76561197982704351,Recommended,460930,30586616,Posted: 18 March,all,Rabbit,"Pros:-Massive open world map-Highly detailed landscape-Tactical freedom and multiple approaches to get your job done-Customisable gear has to be collected from enemy bases-Customisable character-Ingame factions are interactive-Nice soundtrackCons:-There are few, if not none, incentives to encourage different tactics-Land Vehicle controls are VERY bad-AI teammates will always teleport into your vehicle, there's no need to wait for them-Physics sucks so badly it feels like your vehicles have 100 times gravitational pull-Missions become repetitive early-mid game-AI Sync shots will go thru any obstacles and hit the targetAnyways still a good game"
76561198063368520,Recommended,460930,30560892,Posted: 16 March,all,Bronn,"If your looking for a good co op game this is it.Every Gun can potentially 1 shot enemiesA lot of weapons to unlockMovies this relates to-Tears of the Sun-Lone Survivor-Black Hawk DownFixes-Further optimization (Fps spikes every so often and some areas can drop to 40 frames on most rigs.)-Needs radios for all vehicles-Dirt bike physics (hitting an obstacle at 10 mph will send you flying off to your death)-Some bushes completely block bullets-Laser pointer appears when aiming in 3rd person without laser attatchment equippedPlease Add-No backpack option-A couple of night vision goggles as appearance items (free of charge plz)Im really enjoying this game. If you liked future soldier you will like this game. In this you feel like a tactical badass. If you like the movie Tears of the Sun or Black Hawk Down you will have a fun time with this game. This is not an adventure game so dont go looking for radiant quests, ancient temples, wildlife to hunt, dungeons, or insane boss type enemies.Roleplaying greatly helps too. Give each of your friends a role in the squad.  Comment on what is happening in areas you explore in the game. Create outfits that relate to the zones that exist in the game like a desert outfit, snow outfit, casual outfit lke that. Give your player character and weapons some character by changing the way they look. Just have fun.Feel free to add your ideas or thoughts."
76561198012015935,Recommended,460930,30603477,Posted: 18 March,all,Wtyrellc,Fun. Tons of potential for improvement.
,Recommended,460930,30603569,Posted: 18 March,all,Mr Sparefox,If your rig is on the high end and you tween your settings this game is awesome. The complaints of repetitive gameplay is valid but that is more of a issue with open world games as opposed to this individual game. Play with friends and this game really shines.
,Recommended,460930,30603594,Posted: 18 March,all,Hektick,"great game, lots of things to do, but would recommend playing with friends or other players to get that tactical gameplay and more fun out of it."
,Recommended,460930,30599211,Posted: 18 March,all,Riehtis,It`s ok
,Recommended,460930,30606165,Posted: 18 March,all,Dr Woody,I Just Beat the Game in 2 Days It's an AMAZING GAME And Cant Wait for DLC and Multiplayer!
,Recommended,460930,30638064,Posted: 20 March,all,Chá,Good stealth tactics game.
76561198088513860,Recommended,460930,30534455,Posted: 15 March,all,Jabir Kuptar,i get avg 53 fps but i still get frame drops to the point were it will freeze for 1-3 secs from tme to time but over all its still a good game but the game does not force you to watch cutscenes you have do do that your self ( would recomend you do so to under stand the story)
76561198086949412,Recommended,460930,30473882,Posted: 12 March,all,wavy dave,This game is fun when it wants to be. However it has an assload of glitches and bugs that ruin the game
,Recommended,460930,30544901,Posted: 16 March,all,Shotgun Mike,"To be honest I really do enjoy the game when playing with friends. It's a blast. You can read more detailed reviews from other reviewers.For a quickie though this game did the same mistake Mafia 3 did. There is really no ""story"" and it's a sandbox go to a point, kill baddies and repeat type of game. It's very similar to Just Cause 3 or Mafia 3.+ great gunplay, very satisfying+ lots of guns with variety of characteristics+ beautiful graphics (very similar to Witcher 3 in terms of visuals)+ co-op with friends is the only way to play this game+ huge world to explore, great looking locations- go to, kill, repeat- 'police' forces can be very frustrating at times. Just run away and skip the gunfight. It's just annoying how overpowered then can be- very vague story (more like a narrative)- your AI team is a bunch of MURICA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s (just listen to the filler conversations)- some weird desync bugs here and there. Had to restart sessions to get the game to work properly again but that didn't happen too often.- your avatar appearance (clothing) doesn't affect your visibility or change characteristics. It's just visuals.- vehicle control is quite weird. It's not bad, just arcade trying to be something more. I loved the fact you can ride a dirtbike but it's almost uncontrollable.- 'all-seeing' AI - this game is stealth oriented but it's very unforgiving most of the times.- I'd say this game is worth 30 EUR if you have friends to play with. Don't expect a great single-player experience. You'll get bored quick.All said I really do enjoy playing this game. I just wish it had more depth and more stealth components. You can't whistle or throw a rock to attract attention of a single enemy which kind of takes the fun away."
76561197960944959,Recommended,460930,30460773,Posted: 11 March,all,aP,"Fun coop, SP, and beautiful scenery.  If you are a fan of Far Cry, GTA5, or Just Cause series, this game is a must have.  Best played with friends."
,Recommended,460930,30514621,Posted: 14 March,all,FALLBOT3,"Solid Game in my Eyes. Worth the price tag-  8/10Good*Good Graphics*Big Map*Verying Map Diversity*Stealth*Combat*Individual Lighting (Can shoot out lights individualy)*Weather System*Looking at 50-70 game hours or so to complete everythingBad-Cover System is a little wonky with the Camera-Enemies spawning near player when alarm raised-AI Team (90% of time AI Team will not return fire when you are being shot unless directed to do so)-Human Team (Stealth is not an option when playing with 3 other people,aka someone always raises the alarm almost instantly into an Operation)Game is challening when on Hardest Difficulty. Makes you think out a Plan of Attack.Also like how this game will make you retreat from combat instead of just Ramboing threw everything. Military in this game is no joke like in other games like GTA for example.Story is better then i had exspected from a game like this. I dont consider it Amazingly Good but its also not half bad also. Kept me interested for the time i was playing the game and each Underboss has a fair amout of depth to them. You dont just kill each or have to kill each. Definetly feel the way these (Ghosts) handle there time in Bolivia is somewhat realistic to how it would happen now adays, as in, the mind-set of manipulating events without officialy being involved."
,Recommended,460930,30520529,Posted: 14 March,all,PaperGoat,"I'm going to write this as short as possible, so TL;DRGood1) This game is good for solo and coop, even when you have 3 friends to play with. Trust me. I played with two friends and we had a ton of fun.2)Side missions actually help out in leveling up. You need the resources given from side missions.3)If you are looking for a casual/stealth/action game, This game is overall pretty good.Bad1) A lot of bugs. Even though this game is just released, but still.. i encountered alot of annoying bugs.2) The AI system is sometimes really stupid. Legit Stupid.ConclusionThis game is pretty good for my taste, although i encountered alot of bugs, but i can deal with it. I still had tons of fun and i am awaiting for any new content or any fixes to the bugs.8/10"
,Recommended,460930,30520536,Posted: 14 March,all,Thymezz,I liked the game over all. I think that when pvp comes out that this game will have a massive following.
76561198019142846,Recommended,460930,30513894,Posted: 14 March,all,anastymoocow,fun game the vehicle controls are bit arcadish but not important is great by yourself or with friends
,Recommended,460930,30514949,Posted: 14 March,all,Imahich,Great game I've had no problems getting this game to work and no crashes. Surprisingly.... For a Ubisoft game anyway.Only thing i don't like is their isn't a jump option :P
76561198254834096,Recommended,460930,30513817,Posted: 14 March,all,zaino1115,Great Game. Map is Huge. I'm currently 30 hours in and I see no signs of stopping.The driving take a little bit to get used to and could defintely be improved but other than I really have nothing bad to say about it.
76561197972772580,Recommended,460930,30513706,Posted: 14 March,all,JsHuA--,Very good game
,Recommended,460930,30367315,Posted: 6 March,all,Iron Lion,"Game crashes at the loading screen after making a char at around 98%. Game Breaking. Refund Requested.AMD 95902 X AMD R9 390x OC xfire32gb Corsair Ram1200w psu2x WD Hdd'sWatercooled.Win10 64 all updates.Edit: Re bought the game after the patch hoping it fixed the crash and it did.Gameplay,graphics,sound are all very good, premise is awsome.Basically Rambo Vs Cartel. Asymetrical guerrilla warfare type♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pretty cool. All the customization options really lets you have your own style and it comes out in the way your guy ends up looking and the way your guns end up looking.One big suprise was that ballistics are simulated so there a delay between you shooting and the bullet hitting longer the distance the longer it takes to hit, and you have to deal with bullet drop too thought that was pretty cool.Guns are pretty realistic all round i havent noticed any glaring screw ups yet and im the type to notice.Performance wise its a little hit and miss. It runs ok for me but between the stupid nvidia exlusive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, the game needing a little omptimization tuning and the fact that crossfire is still pretty messed up (either mental flickering or flat refusal to load) i know it could look and run a hell of a lot better."
76561198046074042,Recommended,460930,30561177,Posted: 16 March,all,Praetor Americanus,"I love it mostly due to the freedom of approach that they seem to have taken from the farcry series, but its also not a flawless game... here is why...(POSITIVES)+Map about 3x bigger then GTA 5+Map zones are as diverse as it would be in an MMO with no zone looking the same+4 player co-op that we desperatly need more of+Intresting tactical options+Open world+Vey Flexable difficulty+Awesome gun customization from future soldier+Decent character customization+Full freedom of how you play this game(NEGATIVES)-Half finished cover system-Unrealistic bullet drop-All tracer rounds-Horribly dumb AI that is outdated by ten years-Annoying AI squadmate chatter-Hardest difficulty is still slightly more casualized then GRAW ghost recon series and older-Feels too much like GTA mixed with Farcry-Repetitive missions-Stealth system detection seems a little buggy at times-Cant kill civilians when they get in the way-Microtransactions for guns, cosmetics and other parts of the game-DLC, delux edition, season pass and micro transactions make this game expensive-Ubisoft DRM and Uplay"
76561198169376345,Recommended,460930,30433877,Posted: 10 March,all,Stagg | h1z1swap.com,i play low-medium at around 35fps with a gtx 750ti
,Recommended,460930,30549592,Posted: 16 March,all,ComradeCleaner,"If you threw The Division, GTA 5, Mercenaries, and Just Cause in a blender and garnished with Sicario, Narcos, Clear and Present Danger you get Ghost Recon Wildlands. In this game you kill lots of narcotraficantes. You will fly drive and subsequently destroy more vehicles than robosaurus. As a co-op game it's relatively fun and as a solo experience it's not bad either. It does suffer from the flaws most open world Ubisoft games contain. There is the obligatory collect em all aspect that either you love or you hate. The non-story missions are kind of derivative and repetitive. Otherwise this probably has done the best job I've seen in an open world game of it's scale. Character customization is fantastic with the possibility of decking a character out entirely in tacticool or ridiculous apparel. The vehicle variety is sufficient. Flying is tricky. At the end of the day it's enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,460930,30548952,Posted: 16 March,all,Circleus,"If you like exploring then the game is good for you but you will require a high end PC to run itOtherwise don't play itGOOD:- Great environment- Great graphic- Great gun customization (You can choose which parts you want for the gun)- Great character customization (You decide how your character look like)- Bullet Trajectory- Huge world for exploring- Different type of factions (Your team, your gangs, your enemies, and the cops just like in GTA)- Have Co-op (Fun to play with friends)- Sync ShotBAD:- Microtransaction in-game shop (Mostly for people pay to win, DLCs, and cosmetics)- Bad AI (AI actions aren't good enough. Like they see you, they will just hide in a spot and shoot at you. Don't know how to move to another spot. AI need improvement)- Unrealistic (If you are playing stealth and you killed someone. You don't need to bag the corpse and hide it. As long as the enemies doesn't see you kill their buddy then you good to go)- No flare aircraft (If Anti-Aircraft shoot a rocket your helicopter, there is no way for you to escape other than move your chopper around to dodge the rocket)- No Main Story (Basically you go to each region and take out the boss then you good to go. There is no story that you have to follow)- Not enough cutscenes (There is no cutscene for each part of the story you play. Other than introduction of the bosses of each region and some ending of the boss)- Limit of what you can do in the world (You not allow to kill civilians just like in assassin creed. You can just kill your enemies or explore the world)- Boring side mission (There are like 5 different type of side missions. It appear everywhere in each region and you have to do them again and over again to unlock stuff)- Bad skill system (You have to run everywhere in the world to gather resources to upgrade your skills)- Unable to remove C4 and Mine (If you put them down, it will stuck there forever until it blow up)"
,Recommended,460930,30549353,Posted: 16 March,all,The Real Jim Shady,Pros:-Incredibly fun co-op play-No bullet-sponge like The Division-Map Size-Satisfying Stealth kills(*see cons)-Continuous combat that negates wanting to fast travelCons:-Single player feels dull-No option to play without AI (I tell them to hold their position and then run off until I die)-Vehicle movement is awkward-* you have to alter the setting to make it feel like a stealth game (minimap reveals EVERYTHING)-No option to edit what minimap shows (I want to see what resources I can tag but not enemies)Overall: 8/10 worth playing if you have a friend. 5/10 if you don't
,Recommended,460930,30549858,Posted: 16 March,all,Vobra,"Game is pretty good, some of ya'll bein' kritikal n stuff cuz its deh ubiseft. It has som lulz in it and is a pretty good game cuz i said so rite. get it 4 deh coop when its on sle n blow ur mates."
,Not Recommended,460930,30548806,Posted: 16 March,all,Big Poppa csgogem.com,wasnt as fun as beta. trying to get a refund.
,Recommended,460930,30404331,Posted: 8 March,all,Vallery,Great game but once you finish the game theres not really anything to do so i guess i'll wait for new stuff to be realeased.
76561198081054213,Recommended,460930,30544111,Posted: 16 March,all,brap.man,"It may not be to everyone's taste given it can become quite repetitive, but as a bit of a perfectionist I am absolutely loving this game. There is so much to do, so many things to collect... it's endlessly entertaining. Combat is fun and infiltrating a base without being caught is part of the thrill. The talent system is fun and gives the resource collection some meaning as the rebels pay you back for helping them out. Rebel Support makes the game so much nicer to play, the ability to call down a helicopter as and when you need, receive additional support in a standoff with the cartel/unidad, spotting all enemies in close vicinity.As I say, if you don't like repitition, you may not enjoy this game, but the missions are different enough to keep you engaged throughout and the story is very entertaining. You can just go through the main missions if you like and dismantle the cartel if that's all you care for, but the game really stands out for me because I actually enjoy collecting all the skill points, weapons, and resources that are available within all of the 19 maps. Each map itself is unique in itself, and the game is beautiful. I'm well and truly hooked and won't be putting the game down until I've collected everything!"
76561198097068926,Recommended,460930,30537938,Posted: 16 March,all,DIAZ,I have no idea why people are complaining about FPS ect this game is perfect!! It makes the graphics look♥♥♥♥♥♥on arma 3 (still love arma) but boy oh boy such a good game I run  A gtx 980 and this runs perfect defs worth a buy
,Recommended,460930,30577353,Posted: 17 March,all,Rodrrico,"8/10, Why? I'll break it down for you.Pros:- Graphics, pretty stunning even on medium settings- World / Setting - fantastic choice of setting and plenty of variety- Helicopter and Car controls, these are actually good as they are more realistic than other open world sandbox games- Sounds, Music / SFX / VO - all pretty good, but the guns vary in sound quality- Mission variety, yes it is a bit repetitive, but for the most part I like this.- Loose story, we don't always need a gripping story for a game like this.Cons:- Thud sound of bullet impact, very 'gamey', very annoying- Mission variety, yes it is a bit repetitive, but for the most part I like this.- ""Ghost Recon"" not really fitting of the Ghost recon nameOverall this is a great game with plenty of variety for those looking for it. The graphics, the sound, the setting are all excellent and I actually enjoy the heavier cars and helicopter controls over other sandbox games. 8/10."
76561198105362383,Recommended,460930,30573313,Posted: 17 March,all,sarg221,"Pros:-Good core gameplay: Basic gameplay mechanics are good. A few gliches, but nothing game breaking.-Good Plot: Story was not unrealistic, and kept some surprises until the end.-Open World: Lots of stuff to do.  Main story line provided hours of entertainment, and various side missions provided additional challenge.Cons (Aside from obvious helicopter controls):-Suppressors: Suppressors are over powered.  No noticable difference between suppressed and unsuppressed weapons.-Reinforcement System: If discovered, reinforcements instantly spawn in and keep coming until you leave the area.  Combined with over powered suppressors, made stealth the most practical approach.  Would have liked to seen a little more run 'n gun.-Sync Shot: Once again, over powered.  Found myself often using the drone to deteremine which 3-4 enemies I could kill without altering the rest.  Helped to make stealth approach the most benificial.Bottom Line: Wildlands was a fun game.  I felt challenged, but I also felt as if it was constantly pushing me towards a stealth approach.  The few large firefights were fun, but they were far too few of them.  Even if you killed the alarms and generators inside the bases, reinforcements would still come, thus it became a race to complete the objective and get out.  The open world provided numerious approaches to each base, and each location provided a unique challenge.Side Note: Would like to see the ability to zero scopes to different ranges.  Bullet drop makes long range sniping difficult without this feature."
76561197963683682,Recommended,460930,30577115,Posted: 17 March,all,Zoltern,"Coop is very fun, its open world is too, good game."
,Recommended,460930,30581114,Posted: 17 March,all,RisenPhoenix,"Its like far cry, but bigger, more tactical, and more buggy. Still good overall but by no means perfect"
76561198020492003,Recommended,460930,30580964,Posted: 17 March,all,Суха паста Балкан,"Good idea, bad execution. Feels really clunky and I have made the mistake of taking it at full price. Be smart and wait for sale. If you like stealth games and you have a lot of time to kill - get it otherwise it's not so worth it. I played one day until I realized I made huge mistake by being impatient. It's really beautiful game and needs decent PC to handle. I have i7, GTX 960 4GB, 16 GB RAM and still I am not playing smoothly. This is for those who really like the idea and are watching clips about it to get more from the game. The game will be patched I am sure it's far away from perfect, but for the love of everything holy - don't fall in the trap called ""Ubisoft"". Dont'buy it at full price. If I could give something in between ""yes"" or ""no"" I would, cuz it's 50:50 for me."
76561198019225853,Recommended,460930,30515115,Posted: 14 March,all,StalkerActual85,"Not bad, definitely not the normal Tom Clancy we are all familiar with. The world is of course top notch, however the game almost seems a bit rushed in regards to overall game mechanics and some obvious bugs. If your itching for it I would go ahead, with a few patches the game should line out nicely however if you can wait I will try to catch it on sale."
76561197987255865,Recommended,460930,30580875,Posted: 17 March,all,Powdered Toast Man,its good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,460930,30431680,Posted: 10 March,all,D3M0N1X,"Surprisingly solid game for Ubisoft. I did not expect i'd even get this, but playing it with some friends has made it worth it."
76561198131386557,Recommended,460930,30569943,Posted: 17 March,all,cayde 6,best game evr it gets very emmersive as your driving theough the streets of Bolivia and being chased by the santa blanka while your getting pounded with rockets from a enemy helo!!!!!!!!!
76561198045567969,Recommended,460930,30569783,Posted: 17 March,all,Hottu Doggu,"Suffers from Just Cause 3 syndrome, whether you think that's a good or bad thing will determine if you buy this game. You can sink hours into this game but the variation comes from how you play the game and whether or not you play it with friends."
76561197971333224,Recommended,460930,30569788,Posted: 17 March,all,Complex Fraction,"Runs well on my potato system. AMD-Vishera 8-core. Radeon RX-480, 16ddr, win 10, ssd. Runs well on ultra. not sure how many FPS, must be less than 60. no stuttering. Have not experienced any game crash or lockups, etc. Very stable. Game is good. Like Farcry 3 but 3rd person. AI team not bad. Level up your drone and your Sync Shot. Find high elevation. Fly your drone and mark targets for Sync Shot (3 Sync Shots), then give command to AI for a take down. Rinse repeat. Pull back when being HUNTED, make sure to Regroup command your AI team.Overall, it's a good game. Like The Division but in a jungle setting. Flying choppers and planes a bit wonky."
76561198370315000,Recommended,460930,30569976,Posted: 17 March,all,kalyan_master_roy,This game is awesome...this time ubisoft  a optimised game getting 50fps average at very high settings..on my GTX 970;)AND PLAYING WITH FRIENDS is lot of fun in multiplayer....
76561197990896995,Recommended,460930,30570684,Posted: 17 March,all,Mr.Gigglebottom,"Love this game, I've been playing solo- and have been having a blast. This very much reminds me of the old SOCOM NAVY SEALS games. Playing tactically, slow, and methodical is the best way to play this."
76561198023260969,Recommended,460930,30570157,Posted: 17 March,all,izi llamarino,Its like spaghetti with meatballs. Not super exciting but still great and worth the money.
76561198041363662,Recommended,460930,30587653,Posted: 18 March,all,shimi,"Would recommend for anyone who is looking for a good coop with friends , however i would expect a bit more from a 60$ AAA titile in term of animations , driving , stealth mechanics . This game offers alot however not enough as a AAA title, people who are really into stealth game or vehicles will be a bit dissapointed , but still a really fun game that feels a bit rushed"
,Not Recommended,460930,30783160,Posted: 27 March,all,[TW]Franz,actully this game should be pretty goodlarge open world lot's of freedomand map is really prettybut too many design flaws and bug(speacaly in coop)kill what it could / should beubisoft should be shame for make a potential game be like this
,Recommended,460930,30449822,Posted: 11 March,all,Flexinator,Pure Madness!!!
,Recommended,460930,30443066,Posted: 11 March,all,Ace,good game
76561198022608858,Not Recommended,460930,30379717,Posted: 7 March,all,amazezinger,No please.
,Recommended,460930,30442543,Posted: 11 March,all,cTreK-421,Do you like ARMA? Do you like MGS5? Did you enjoy the divison but wanted a more tactical realistec experience? Do you enjoy military humour? Do you like massive open worlds givng you freedom to play the game how you wish? If you answered yes to any or some or all of these questions then you should buy this game.
,Recommended,460930,30451627,Posted: 11 March,all,RoJo,I've come across the odd bug. But nothing game breaking so far.I didn't think I'd like this game after playing the closed beta.But here I am after 44 hours of game time. And still having fun.
,Recommended,460930,30463082,Posted: 11 March,all,GamezFreakHD,"I really don't like Ubisoft cause of the games they shovel out but, to be honest I havn't gotten to play much of the game yet.. This game is awesome! I am loving it so far the weapons and gameplay is just great it's completly open world as well which is icing on the cake. This game is best played with friends though, you can match up with randoms in online CO-OP matchmaking that seems to work pretty well, I have not had issues with too much lag just yet.. All I have to say to that one is give it time. The game isn't too well optimized which is kinda sad don't exspect anything over 40-50 FPS, I have a RX 480 with 16GB of ram and a i7 6700k and I get around 50-55 FPS on high, I have talked to people with better rigs than mine that play the game on higher settings and get around the same FPS so Idk, on the bright side there is A LOT of graphic options, and even a system benchmark that takes hours to load but finishes quite quickly.. but it's nothing too special I am going to recommend the game.. DURING A SALE! but this game is one to keep an eye out for it's worthy of your glorious PC gaming collection. OH, and you have to use and install Uplay lol.. Almost forgot to mention that one."
76561198095821122,Recommended,460930,30463040,Posted: 11 March,all,IllusiveBurrito,"Finally Ubisoft did something decent.... Good game, especially with friends."
76561198140098097,Recommended,460930,30451474,Posted: 11 March,all,Saber5561,Guys let me just say this game is freaking amazing i love the combat system.  this game was most definatly done right thank you ubisoft
76561198214233084,Recommended,460930,30451367,Posted: 11 March,all,XTRULY_GIFTEDX,Great game. Very well made. I was worried about this game not having much diversity with gameplay but everything seems like a fresh new scenario. The coop mechanics and servers run very well. I have had zero problems with this game. I was skeptical of buying this at first since The Division was such a poorly reviewed game. This game has met all needs and in my opinion one of the best coop games I've played in a while. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,460930,30415609,Posted: 9 March,all,Paradox,"Terrible performance, I have a pretty beast rig, but I can't run this game for♥♥♥♥♥♥ For now, don't buy this until they fix this. All of those other review where they say they get 60+ FPS, IDK how or why it runs so good for them, but seriously Ubisoft, fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥(EDIT) At first, I was, as stated, getting terrible performance, now they just updated the game, getting 50-60 fps on very high, which is way better than before. I don't know why it was how it was, (maybe because of my CPU: i5-6402P Quad Core 2.8Ghz) but either way, I am now happy it is playable."
76561198292625471,Recommended,460930,30460897,Posted: 11 March,all,[awsm] • Secondleft,"Ill give you a true and honest review here. Ill start off with Pros and Cons than conclude afterwardsPROS:Great graphics (yes better than GTAV if you dont think so get a better graphics card)CO OP Tactics (when playing with adults or other mature individuals) COOP in this game is unique and unlike any game Ive ever played. There are so many ways to tackle unidicks and santa blanca ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s it will keep you and your squad members entertained (for a little while)Combat feels realistic with enemies (excluding unidicks) not being bullet sponges)CONS:Driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥ But we all knew thatPhysics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ but we all knew that as wellFlying is ALRIGHT, but that is still a con to me in a open world gameMatchMaking is horrible, 9/10 matches include ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who don't play well, or ♥♥♥♥ around the whole game. the ONLY good way to play co op in this game is to create or join a taskforce, I opted to create my own, and after recruiting some mature players had a pretty good time in co opStory Sucks. Not that I expected more from ubisoft, but you would think after far cry 4, they would realize how disconnected a story can get in a open world if you don't know what your doing. You go into boliva and kill drug lords. Thats really it. Barely any cutscenes, no ""I didnt see that coming"" just not impressive really.Short Gameplay. I have 38 hrs on record and Ive had the game beat since 30. I really expect more from an open world, and more of a incentitive to explore. Not saying there isnt one, but one that soaks up more time and effort.Very Buggy. Calling in vehicle drops are 50/50 with helicopters ethier not dropping or dropping somewhere where you won't be able to take off. Even on top of you. After upgrading from rank 2 to 3 you lose the ability to call in the armored suv, which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. A unarmed helicopter is hardly an upgrade over the fast and furious armored as ♥♥♥♥ suv with a mini gun you get after upgrading it once. If your going to have such a short and ♥♥♥♥ed tier tree when it comes to vehicle drops, you should at least get to choose. Also the game is littered with terrain and lighing bugs and 1 mission that was bugged for me that I was able to complete on a non hosted game. Also get a endless missle lock blip sometimes when Iam flying and dodge the missle So so far nothing game breaking, however releasing a AAA title with this many bugs is still worth noting.Now I dont know how many people are playing this game in 4k, or with triple screens, but with my triple screen 4k setup I get texture glitches on the edges and minor tears, So bad where I had to downsize to just 1 monitor.Before conclusion I have some friendly suggestions:Allow choices of vehicle drops. I mean COME ON!If your going to promote a game as more long term, there needs to be more content. Went through the trouble of setting up aghostreconnetwork.comprofile to create a taskforce just for me and my taskforce to beat the game 100% (not just story missions) in a matter a few days. Open up to player made missions, or missions that take longer, or something. Seriously half the missions me and my taskforce participated in took only a few minutes. I wouldnt be surprised if someone who has less time in the game as I have has beaten it as well. Keep adding missions and objectives this is a great game for more serious players take some more time to create more content.Conclusion: Dont let my lengthy and mostly negative review deter you from playing the game. I enjoyed it after playing with a more mature crowd and had a hell of a time doing it. The co op in this game is unlike I any I have ever seen and I hope more games come out with such a amazing co op. This is a succesful test drive ubisoft. Gather what you can of the negatives and use that to improve upon. You are on the right track just not there yet. Ill recomend this game because at its core it is a great game, I just hate how publishers get away with releasing half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥console ports. Remember who was here first. Theres a reason PC gamers are harder to please. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,460930,30588757,Posted: 18 March,all,Noobp1ay3r,Good sandbox game from Ubi
76561198250172796,Recommended,460930,30589474,Posted: 18 March,all,Ultradbz,"I dont know why, but i have an addiction to going everywhere on a bike in this game...but it is pretty good anyway lots of gameplay and i am never bored ,recommened."
,Recommended,460930,30587590,Posted: 18 March,all,Tombies,"So far, I have found Ghost Recon Wildlands to be a great game. Whilst the game isn't perfect (and let's be honest, what games are these days?) it is definitely one of those games that keep you busy and challenged, especially if playing on a hard difficulty and online.Good Points:- Extremely large map with multiple varied environments to play in. To put it in perspective, the map in Wildlands is roughly 5x the size of GTA 5's map.- Awesome graphics and scenery. The graphics will definitely not disappoint you and I find myself often admiring the views.- Large choice of weaponry and accessories to suit your fighting style.- The gunplay is quite good. The weapons sound nice and feel balanced, no matter what you are using. Bullets are affected by travel time and gravity drop as well.- Mission preparation is really good and often key to whether you will pass or fail (especially on the hardest difficulty). Whether you choose to use stealth or go gun's blazing, You'll often find things can go sour real quick if you haven't planned things out or scouted the area properly.- The Coop in this game is fantastic and is a lot of fun. Whilst you can play single player, coop offers a whole new way of executing missions and gameplay. Since you are reliant on other people, most missions are completely unpredictable and offer a lot of entertainment. Another key point with coop is that you can drop in and out of other peoples games without it affecting your own storyline missions.- A large majority of people seem to complain of glitches and bugs, but personally I am still yet to find any that annoy me or affect the gameplay. Sure, they are small glitches here and there, but nothing major as of yet, hence they can easily be overlooked or ignored.- Driving: Most people seem to complain about the driving and flying physics. Yes I will admit they are pretty dodgy, but I personally find it makes the game more enjoyable, especially when playing coop and you decide to offroad and get to witness some strange vehicle mechanics. It does take some getting use to though to learn how to fly and drive somewhat decently.The Bad:- Your AI Squadmates in single player. I am currently playing the game on the hardest difficulty and while I do not expect my AI squad to fight the battle for me, I would of expected them to be a bit more useful...Any combat you get involved in, your squadmates never seem to kill anyone willingly. On foot, they will usually sit somewhere behind you and not assist you at all until you are downed and need reviving. They then they come revive you and then proceed to do nothing again whilst you get shot and die (On the hardest difficulty, the enemy basically uses 360 noscope aimbot, so you end up dying with 3 bullets just about).The only thing your AI squadmates seem to be good at is reviving you in any situation (doesn't matter if you're in the open with helicopters and miniguns and bombs being dropped on you; your squad will revive you somehow). The other thing they are good at is spotting enemies through walls and inside buildings, even when they have no clear line of sight (x-ray vision?).- Repetitive side missions. The side missions I find are extremely repetitive. Whether you're trying to obtain supplies or upgrade your rebel support options, you will end up repeating the same missions time and time again. Whilst the side missions are not complex or too difficult, it does become boring and tedious.SummaryOverall, for $60 usd, I can confidently say Ghost Recon Wildlands is worth the purchase. Main points to remember is that this game is meant for coop, so if you choose to play solo you might end up disappointed or bored. The map is absolutely massive and the graphics are beautiful. Gunplay is good and missions often require you prepare in advance and make a plan of attack before going in."
76561197974487036,Not Recommended,460930,30380240,Posted: 7 March,all,Try This At Home Kids,"So here are some basics.CONSThe cars drive like they are on ice.The helicopter controls are wonky.There is no f**king active cover system!!! Despite what some people say. Even though the AI uses cover very effectively.Can't hack AA emplacments (to get them on your side) or at least turn them off.Bad checkpoints.Missions are repetative.Insta-fail stealth missions.PROSNPC team mates spawn into vehicles....you don't have to wait for them.Not overly easy.Combat is fast and fun.Sniping is very satisfying.Great guidance to objectives and...Objectives clearly marked.Overall the game is pretty unremarkable. If it was $20 I'd say buy it, but not at $60."
,Recommended,460930,30594631,Posted: 18 March,all,Владимир Путин,VERY GOOD GAME BUT HAS SOME FLAWSVery fun and tactical. Has bullet drop btw but most of the time its fine cause the snipers kill from knees to head. Only problem is the ai and how they dont shoot without your say so. I also ran into a few problem were i got stuck inside of a wall which is fine. Also the unidad... the ♥♥♥♥ing unidad. They take an♥♥♥♥♥load of shots to kill front on. I shot one with a sniper in the chest and he didnt die. He was not a heavy soilder. In addittion if you kill one and another one notices your screwed cause they call in an♥♥♥♥♥load of choppers and stuff on your position so you have to haul♥♥♥♥♥and run away.  All while your ai companions are standing in the open. Also the unidad and the cartel snipers are weak but have pinpoint accuracy and can shoot a dime a mile away moving in a jet and thats not an under statement. Butttttttttt dont let this deter you from this game. it is very real and idk about people talking about how hard it is to run this game. for me (STRIX RX480 i3 6100 2x4gb Ballistix ram) it runs at 40fps on ultra. I also could be underestimating my system. Overall i would give this game a 9/10 due to the open world and realism of the game. What dragged it down to a 9 and not a 10 was the ai being stupid pretty much.
,Recommended,460930,30592315,Posted: 18 March,all,soffkiller,"pew pew pew ... the go to shooter for 2017 . awesome much better than the division .. even tho story is not as rich as division but overall gameplay is good. preety straight foward a spec ops group is trying to distabalize a narcotic/cartel organization who sudenly have a dream to make a narco state (think of metal gear meets scarface), overall performance awesome. gameplay might be repeative but its the addicting type of repeative (looking at u angry birds). couple it with your firiends (if u have any?) than the fun factor will be triple. all u lore buff seekers stay out this game have not much of a story to go by , all u ocd quest achivement seekers rejoice (just cause 1,2,3 king) there is tons of quest maker on map for u to raid clear and destroy. a nice newbie tip ... dont upgrade your rebel car drop to power 3 ... unless u want to used a helicopter 24/7 cause u cant change it (wish ubisoft make a change in that) anyhow if u got the $$ then buy it ... if not then wait for a steam sale or uplay sale. SK ghost agent out."
,Recommended,460930,30617666,Posted: 19 March,all,OzzyAlf,"This game is very awesome unfortunately it's best with friends, if you play alone the game feels like a saltine left out in the open for a long time. It's stale. really fun game though. This game is ""Splinter Cell"" in a open world with a less immersing story."
,Recommended,460930,30495048,Posted: 13 March,all,Rayth,The game is ok but definately not worth paying full price.
,Recommended,460930,30451614,Posted: 11 March,all,Chrissl.off,Very Nice to playBuit dont p lay it with randoms or with 3 people play it only when you are 4 than its the most fun
,Recommended,460930,30463353,Posted: 11 March,all,Tulathron,Fun with friends. Kinda too easy by yourself even on extreme.
76561198065586964,Recommended,460930,30460910,Posted: 11 March,all,Galaxy Trooper,Where is the Uplay activaction code?????
76561198009482231,Not Recommended,460930,30430231,Posted: 10 March,all,JTonicOA,"This is a decent game with enjoyable features. Yet, the lack of attention to details is astoundingly bad - they are not critically damaging, nevertheless some of them are just so basic and mediocre, which do make you wonder if the developers even really cared about it at all.In addition, but importantly, the driving in this game is absolutely horrible. I would say probably the WORST in-game driving experience I have ever had. To briefly describe; you don't really drive your vehicles. They simply slide on a maigcal icy surface in disguise."
,Recommended,460930,30488714,Posted: 13 March,all,AzeraCoffee,"The greatest loading simulator known to man.Loading issues for the character creator on start up for second time, even since beta. Game completely stops and decides to last second render. Unlike the beta.Wrote this review whilst loading.5/7.For Honor loads better than this and has more character development. Like what the hell? FH didn't even *try* and i loved the conquerer in the singleplayer for his ""goddamn it"" attitude.If you wanna die waiting, get this game."
76561197972393365,Recommended,460930,30482828,Posted: 12 March,all,Yoman,"Great fun for coop.  Not many good coop games out there.  If you have 1-3 friends to play coop with, don't pass this up.  This will be a fun break from Arma for a while.  Kind of arcadey but lots of fun."
76561198088963817,Recommended,460930,30476696,Posted: 12 March,all,bLAST h!im KeRRyt,"Unidad< U n i d a d d i e sIts alright I guess, good cookie cutter game but it REALLY needs some working on in terms of driving, flying, and MORE. All cars are basically 4x4 200% traction offroad machines. You can't turn your airplane's rudder ( no turning left or right ). Side ops need more purpose rather than just for helping you unlock skill perks that require food or oil. Marking EVERY SINGLE crate of supplies is sort of ridiculous. You basically have a lifetime supply of beacons. Although destroying headlights on a car, light will still be emitted through the grill of the car, which is very silly. The customization for your character... it needs to be more in depth really and also needs A LOT more gear to choose from; sorta like Rainbow Six Vegas 1 & 2 did. Also you can snipe with a vector smg from 300ms away, lel.OVERALL, I'd give this game a 6/10. Nothing too special but defenitely fun in some spots."
76561198002735296,Recommended,460930,30485426,Posted: 12 March,all,Bang Blastcleaver,Play this with friends and laugh at how bad you all are
,Recommended,460930,30485428,Posted: 12 March,all,CrusherTechnologies,Well worth the priceStory: WorthlessDriving: WorthlessGunplay: WorthlessAI: WorthlessCommunity: PricelessPeople with open mics never really notice it. I've listened to a couple of roomates arguing about using the room's PC.I watched a guy land a heli on a Unidad AI flying around with the AI wondering where the heck we were.A guy was flying a plane and crashed into my heli killing both of us and failing the mission.Another dude called in a heli drop from the rebels and the plane spawned on him thus he ragequited. A friend teleported to my location after dying and wound up in an unescapable canyon when he spawned a heli it fell into the lake.Game is worth every penny.
,Recommended,460930,30484669,Posted: 12 March,all,trickylatte,very nice!
76561198112152878,Recommended,460930,30414710,Posted: 9 March,all,boohoohaha,The absolute best looking game in existance.    Hiking up a trail on a mountain looks just as real as my hiking photos even to the gravel on 2 foot wide trails in the jungle.    Combat leaves the players free to play their way.    The only way to play this game is on extreme difficulty.  This is my example of a flawless open-world co-op game.   The cars Handle realistically  refusing to do tight turns at high speed on dirt roads unless you use handbreak.     Snipers bullet drop is stupid until you unlock long barrel.   Some mission require some mental intelligence as sometimes it's best to sneak around rather than attack.    Also. Beware the unidade in harder areas they only get stronger the longer you fight.  I highly recommend this game
76561197988825088,Recommended,460930,30477649,Posted: 12 March,all,Whitey,"This game is so frustrating.  Why do the enemies respawn?!?!?! You kill a underboss and they do not respawn. So why the hell would you respawn all the enemies in a camp immediately after you defeat it.Why do they say this is a single player game when they give you missions where you have to rely on the other AI ""teamates"" to shoot someone. Example, I am driving, you Holt or Midas or wtf other dudes name is shoot the damn guy in the truck next to us.  You can't miss him, he is the one completely blazing us with his minigun..... your rifle is literally touching hisface....no?nothing ....and now we have blown upwhy do I go through all this trouble driving a motorcycle, then a boat, then a helicopter to get to a base, clear out all 30 enemies to get a gun part that upgrades one part of my rifle and then downgrades the other part.  So basically my rifle as a whole is exactly as effective as before.Why the hell would you make a map so huge and make every mission nearly exactly the same as the last and have everyone say the exact same things over and over again.  I am so sick of hearing ""man you never let me drive, just because of that one time""  that one time what!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am jumping out of this plane.  Or ""this looks like a medal given out by the airforce or something"" hardee har haaaarrr aaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrr die!!!!!!!!!Why do my teamates get so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when I accidentally kill a civilian. Well they should'nt have been running directly at me when we are in a firefight with 1 million respawning cartel blanca ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.  I am sorry I accidentally ran one over because bolivia does not believe in putting horns on their cars and the developers gave every single one of them balls of steel so they will never jump out of the wayI give this game a one kitten per day rating.  That is what I am going to kill until tom clancy fixes all of these flaws"
76561198044064933,Not Recommended,460930,30477789,Posted: 12 March,all,Ertnyot,"Multiplayer with friends not bad. Pretty hard and it plays alright.Singleplayer forget it. Might as well just give up because your friends for one suck, they will literally stand there as you get shot without even shooting one bullet. Not to mention they must be invisible because the enemy never shoots at them. Speaking of the enemy they must be spider man since I step foot into the base and an alarm goes off. They always know where you are considering a helicopter flying over you is able to spot you even though you're under 50 trees and in a stream of water.The game itself looks really good... that is when it isn't randomly freezing on you. No matter what the game just decides to put you on pause for 5-10 seconds at a time every now and then.Good concept, bad execution."
76561197978988394,Recommended,460930,30477663,Posted: 12 March,all,BodyCount,"Amazing game !. Very beautiful I get hard just thinking about it well done Ubisoft. I have this for Xbox One and I'm %45 done that game it's amazing how much better the Pc is then console again hats off to Ubisoft.Graphics : 12/10    This game is sexier then a smoking hot red head, blond ,and life time of free bacon :)Audio : 8/10    Only because in game radio music sucksLongevity : 10/10  This is going to take you time the world is BIG and there's lots to do.Weapon customization : 8/10  The customzation is cool but there are a small number of guns you can't customize :(Vehicles 10/10 : Vehicles are cool and plenty of them hope to see some more in  DLC."
,Not Recommended,460930,30477336,Posted: 12 March,all,MiRiKuNotToDay,THE BUG Simulator Award 2017
76561198308940081,Recommended,460930,30619700,Posted: 19 March,all,Doggo_,"First things first, I really like this game! The open, vast world of Bolivia, from the mountainous regions, to the salt flats. It's kinda crazy what developers and designers can do with games like these. Anyways, let's get started.The Pros:- Vast, open world with infinite possibilities.- Great to play with in multiplayer, especially with friends.- Lot's of vehicles to work with.- The graphics are crazy. Very beautiful game, just needs a high rig of a computer to work with.- Lot's of Easter Eggs, especially in this open world.- Gunplay is nice, pretty smooth.- Lot's of guns too!Alright, now it's time to talk about the cons.Cons:- The game is poorly optimized. Lot's of drops below 60. (Especially when you're driving along and cars are going by on the road, or explosions that can drop you to 40 FPS.- The story is nice, but the missions feel replayed.- The driving at first is bad. Vehicles can be hard to drive at times.- AI, oh the AI... The AI in this game are pretty bad, at times they can totally compromise a mission.Anyways, that's a short interview of the game. I personally like it, it's just the performance in this game that can ruin the experience. But I recommend this game to the people that are into the Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Series. Hopefully more patches will come sooner in the future, because there are bugs. glitches, performance issues, etc. And I also hope this helped you out in the future if you are ever planning to buy the game!"
76561198368587676,Recommended,460930,30619558,Posted: 19 March,all,CaptainSchatten,"Pros:This Game is amazingCharcater and Gun customization also amazingCombat is pretty funCons:Again this game is amazing... for 10-30 hoursHave a group of friends to play with, otherwise you'll be boredIf you want a military shoot em up I recommend SquadAI is trash tbh"
,Recommended,460930,30614552,Posted: 19 March,all,Krazymagic,"An incredibly fun sandbox shooter with complete open ended freedom. If you can see it, you can go there. Ive been cooping with 2 friends and Its some of the best fun you can have as you plot how to take on all the various missions and side quests. If there is anything id like to see personally, its more tools, gear, skills implemented. The game has a lot of verticle scale in areas, and you will find yourself often stoping at a cliff and just marveling at how gorgeous the view is. The world design is simply breathtaking. Some of the best looking landscape design Ive ever seen in a game.The only cons I can even come up with would be the occasional blip in performance due to loading, but this happens maybe 2 or 3 times a play session and lasts for 1-2 seconds.  I look forward for the next couple patches as Im sure it will continue to polish the game. I have to say though, in about 30 hours of play now ive not encountered any bad bugs or even a single crash. The game runs really well on high settings with my i5 and 970gtx"
,Recommended,460930,30625262,Posted: 19 March,all,LiquidDreams,"so far from what i've played it seems like a great game, the feeling of being in an open world like this is amazing.the combat is pretty nice as well, and the co-op is fun, the squad mate system where you can command your squad is very responsive to have had a great time, but encounter a few crashes now and then and i don't if its on the games side or my hardware siderunningi7-3700Gtx 106016gig of rama little help would be nice from the community but i'd recommend this game !"
76561197995488432,Recommended,460930,30619188,Posted: 19 March,all,Jem,fun
,Recommended,460930,30620283,Posted: 19 March,all,CrownedJet32,"It's fun, immersive, and the map is huge. It leaves a little to be desired in the realism department, but at least it doesn't drop to 4 fps when you look down your sights (cough cough ARMA 3 cough).Just a thoroughly enjoyable game."
76561197976153756,Recommended,460930,32974797,Posted: 28 June,all,Giveson,Super fun to play with your friends.
,Not Recommended,460930,30383062,Posted: 7 March,all,Dreizo,"[Updated Again] The game is just a disappointment after the initial story. There's replayability but it's really not fun after the first time. If you get bored of doing the same stealth acts over and over, you'll burn out in about 4 hours of playing.[UPDATED] Although a lot of issues such as Drones/Binoculars not working occasionally, constant FPS drops and very noticable minor glitches like enemies and allies clipping through walls. Plus a lot of dead-zones where if you fall, you can't get back out unless you fast travel or suicide, the story and coop in this game is actually quite fun. Breaking into bases gets repetitive, but it is still a challenge nontheless and if you want a game with challenging, engaging gameplay, i do recommend Wildlands. It's not spectacular in any way, but it is fun and provides a solid 50+ hours of gameplay if you 100% clear everything.[Original review] This game is just a generic shooter with a very bland and repetitive story. It's fun for the first 1-2 missions when you go into stealth but that's it. Quite a few very noticable and very annoying issues with the optimization make this game extremely frustrating. 1) Framerate often dips to around 30s. I'm running a 4790k with a 980ti and I tweaked the graphics to where it's only using around 70% cpu and 50% GPU with 2.9/6gb on my 980ti being used and i STILL couldn't get a stable 60fps on my 1080p TV, forget enjoying this on my 1440p monitor.2) Game was really buggy, there were issues where enemy NPC's are clipping THROUGH walls. There are issues where I'm hiding but somehow still get spotted through solid objects. The Player + AI heads in the CAR CLIPPED THROUGH THE TOP. Driving controls are terrible. I played it on the Advanced (1 level below extreme) difficulty and it's stupid imbalanced, on the one hand enemies can 1-2 shot you, on the other hand grab any vehicle with a minigun and even the toughest of bases fall apart super easily."
,Recommended,460930,33098973,Posted: 1 July,all,Your Container,"Pretty good game, Graphics are good. Single player is a bit repetitive(point and shoot). Dlcs dont look goodf and dont conrtinue with game but still a pretty good game overall"
,Not Recommended,460930,33101545,Posted: 1 July,all,Rito's Fault,"Great game but very hard to connect with friends becasue of ""NAT type problem""I have my NAT on open in every games on steam but every other games on uplay is moderate or strict.I have also try port forwarding, it doesnt help.Recommend the game?          [Yes]Recommend uplay server?      [No]"
,Recommended,460930,33113375,Posted: 1 July,all,yosniijp,"a nice game, its a massive open world"
,Recommended,460930,33092182,Posted: 1 July,all,Nujabes,decent
,Recommended,460930,33101251,Posted: 1 July,all,PaplooTheLearned,"Overall I enjoy this game; it feels similar to FarCry, which I really enjoyed. In general, I like to play stealthy, taking each base as a puzzle on how to infiltrate it silently.My biggest complaint is that the lack of permanence: you can, say, clear a base or diable a SAM site, wander 1 km away to get your helicoper, and the SAM site and enemies all respawn.Still, this game is overall a blast, and I'm enjoying playing it."
76561198124355843,Recommended,460930,33130622,Posted: 2 July,all,Michail,The most colorful are the most beautiful in my opinion the game of 2017
,Recommended,460930,31267265,Posted: 20 April,all,Underwhere?,Amazing 9/10
,Not Recommended,460930,33123465,Posted: 2 July,all,3:10,Can't launch. Code 14  Code 22      10018    10011
,Recommended,460930,33123245,Posted: 2 July,all,Doorzy,"This game can get repetitive at times but omg the sheer scale of the map is incredible, this game is so much fun and has so many options of killing the enemy forces you are up against for example; flying in by chopper and letting your teammates fire upon the enemy from above, or go in stealthy and take the enemy down one by one. This game suits the needs of all game styles that you like to play.I give this game a 8/10 no more needs to be said :P"
,Recommended,460930,32707557,Posted: 23 June,all,Rha0,"Played the game for a bit and really liked it. Now I can't even start it. Nothing in forums. Nothing from UBI. Just nothing. I've owned it for a bit and can't refund it, or I would. Only suggestions from the developer seem to include dissabling hardware or moving files around, and this has been an issue for a lot of people for quite a while. Hugely dissapointed.EDIT: I figured out, sort of by mistake, how to fix this. Go into Steal - Settings - Download; then delete download cache. Steam will restart and you'll have to relog. Then it will work. Don't know why, but I've done it multiple times now. Hope this helps some people."
76561197981866786,Not Recommended,460930,32970773,Posted: 28 June,all,tantczak,The New update completely Sucks my mouse is all over the place I cant even aim any more not to mention the screen flicker!!!!
,Recommended,460930,32969016,Posted: 28 June,all,declaroix-,"For me this game is good. Very good. I literally dont know why people hate this game just because its ""repetitive"". Well i guess its Ubisoft, if you play watch dogs and you try to upgrade all your skill points before playing the missions, well the game becomes repetitive. You're just running around trying to get all the skill points over and over again, and it takes hours to finish, so before you're done you're already bored of the game itself. There are a variety of missions in this game and it's more fun when you play co-op, whether its with your friends or with random people online. You get that ""ghosts"" feeling or that military feeling with your friends.This game lacks in its bugs. You cant run over animals, some trees (not all), etc. And your teammates (when offline) spawns inside your vehicle when you leave them. I was skeptical at first because, you know, Ubisoft. But i tried enjoying the game and setting the difficulty to high, and the game itself is very challenging.The thing that amazes me in this game is how big the map is in terms of its size (compared to GTA V lol), and the graphics if you play in very high/ultra. This game is stunning."
76561198079120027,Recommended,460930,33065720,Posted: 30 June,all,Inuki74,Amazing game and visually stunning! I have trouble playing the game because I'm looking at the landscape! lol
76561198364999735,Not Recommended,460930,33058962,Posted: 30 June,all,Cheese2448,"Game wont load for me as most ubisoft garbage always has problems!! Cant actually review game cause i never got to play it. Buyer Beware.... if you dont have room on your OS drive DONT buy!!!!! was on steam and ubisoft forums trying to find solution and only one way to ""possibly"" fix it is to have ubisoft and game on OS drive!!Hope this helps you so you dont have to ask for a refund like i just did"
76561198018371850,Not Recommended,460930,32687748,Posted: 23 June,all,VostokMercenary,"This would be a maybe recommend, Main issue is that the performance is inconsistent .I put about 9 hours into the BETA which I liked,  but the full release runs much much worse.BETA  I got around 45-50fps, this I only get 20-25 and even thats on a good day, sometimes when I boot up I get maybe 15. So if you only just managed to run the beta then dont get the full game.Other than that the story is ok nothing special, standard open world repeatable stuffs. gunplay and gun customisation is nice, driving is weird and Helicopters are even weirder, not sure who came up with the control scheme and dynamics but theyre 'special'.Oh and changing the graphics/video settings, does nothing. Even if the screen is set to tiny with PS2 graphics you get the same 'smoothness' as max settings."
76561197993763693,Recommended,460930,32910877,Posted: 27 June,all,[YJL] ZondaFreak,"Ghost Recon: Wildlands is based around a fictional representation of Bolivia plagued by the Santa Blanca cartel - cocaine production, religious brainwashing, suppression and intimidation of locals, the lot. As a clandestine U.S. special ops unit, your goal is to take out influential leaders in the cartel and help the rebels overthrow the regime.First off, whereas in-game violence is moderate and occasional scenes of destruction or murders can be ugly, movies and cutscenes, on the other hand, are often quite graphic with vivid descriptions and imagery of criminal activities. The story and mission premises are compelling and believable. Hearing the twisted backgrounds, detailed day-to-day responsibilities or end-games of cartel leaders can be disturbing. On this basis, I strongly recommend this title for mature audiences only.Now for the environment. Though the map is made up, real places in Bolivia, such as the infamous Death Road, are mentioned and even plotted. The vast open world is pretty accurate for the region, largely comprised of hilly rainforests and deserts, coupled with occasional farmland and some snow-capped mountainous regions. The traffic, NPCs, roads - everything really - lends itself to an authentic South American feel. The lighting is spectacular, water and dust effects are excellent, the mountains, grass and trees are extremely detailed. Graphics leave nothing to be desired.Character and weapon customization are quite good. There are a multitude of character appearance parameters you can adjust, from hairstyle to tattoos to shirts to backpack style. It's all there with respectable diversity. This title boasts a large arsenal of weapons which can be painted several different ways, even allowing custom paint down to each major part of the weapon, giving your favorite guns a personalized feel. You'll have more options as you discover more weapons and attachments scattered throughout military bases and abandoned houses.Finally, the skill improvement system adds an economic element to the game. By collecting resources for the rebels, you can spend these goods and skill points to turn you and your team into an ever-more-lethal squad, enabling you to take bigger risks and complete harder missions. The new Tier 1 patch takes this even further.Since some may find it helpful for benchmarking, key components for my system are as follows:CPU: i7-4790kGPU: GTX 1070 FTWRAM: 16GBOS: Windows 8.1 ProAll-in-all, an outstanding game. Certain elements can become repetitive, but this is overshadowed by the rest of the package. And again, this game is on the dark side. it's worth reiterating this is definitely not for kids.9/10"
76561197961868850,Recommended,460930,30411080,Posted: 9 March,all,Ben,"Love this, cannot wait to play more. It's the game I have been waiting for for years. Loving the character and weapon customisation. I love the balance of penalty vs playability in single player.Great job Ubisoft this time!"
76561197972388876,Not Recommended,460930,33033940,Posted: 30 June,all,[HATE] Dirtay,"Lately the game crashes at start. Logonscreen flashes up for half a second but nothing móre happens.I looked this up on the net and found multiple people who have the same issues. There is no statement from Ubisoft and i moght just have to wait till Ubi fixes it (if they do).Otherwise it looks like I'm not going to be able to play Wildlands ever again.Though it would only bug be for the money i spent.Back when the game was still running my experience was ""mixed"".I mean it was just as every Ubi game is nowadays.Another good looking, open World, Sandbox Game. Like all Ubi titles.But it's repetitive/boring. The other reviews mentioned that too."
,Recommended,460930,30795403,Posted: 28 March,all,snake lives matter,basically-chinese arma ripoff with Ubisolid™ P.H.Y.S.I.C.S™-non-existent storyline-decent shooting but meh-a good lmg + 1 skill can melt choppers in less than a sec-you`ll need about 10 heli flights to finally get how not 2 crash them-dumbass rebels-weapon modification still cant beat peydey_toooverall12/10
76561198089905553,Not Recommended,460930,30691634,Posted: 23 March,all,Garendel,"I recommend this game overall if you like open world story driven shooters but there is still one thing that really REALLY drives me crazy.You are given these 3 AI squad members to support you if you are going at it solo and you are also given this alert status for the enemy AI. Suspected, hunted, engaged and such.What drives me up the wall is that by default we you enter a engaged status with the enemy.. they know where you are.. they are shooting at you.. you're shooting back.. your AI team is over here cheering you on waiting for you to take that unnecessary few steps of holding down Tab, mouse wheeling back to order them to open fire.How many extra hours of coding could you have needed to have the AI work like the players comabt status is engaged, we can start shooting without the order ffs."
76561198113546063,Not Recommended,460930,30495891,Posted: 13 March,all,Perpetual Bloom,"♥♥♥♥ you Pac Katari, dropping my helicopter in the worst damn places."
76561198045117443,Recommended,460930,30501755,Posted: 13 March,all,Sexual Snowman,finally fixed their♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,460930,30680133,Posted: 22 March,all,Creepy Ostrich,"This game is alright. Should be played with friends but can still be fun in single player if you're ok with some handholding from the game.You should know, despite this that it runs pretty poorly even on great systems. I personally have a gtx 1080 and an I7 6700k and I'm getting about 75 fps (not consistantly enough for my own liking) at 1440p with medium to low settings. Very disapointing, especially for such a big game by a big studio."
76561198138735401,Not Recommended,460930,30561500,Posted: 16 March,all,Porridge,"trash, filled wtih bugs and is dead."
76561198131876996,Not Recommended,460930,30450883,Posted: 11 March,all,Parus_owo,I waited 29 hours to see if it got good.It did not.
76561198219452693,Recommended,460930,31064763,Posted: 10 April,all,htfhtfhtf,Shooting at a chicken makes it disappear into a bunch of feathers11/10 physics engine Ubisoft
,Recommended,460930,31067461,Posted: 10 April,all,CQBeasties55,10/10
76561198237880086,Recommended,460930,31067489,Posted: 10 April,all,Masterone,Just WOW
76561198123714073,Recommended,460930,31119584,Posted: 13 April,all,rojoew,Great game! large open world map with plenty to do. graphics are great and smooth. lots of gameplay!
76561198378203846,Recommended,460930,31139088,Posted: 14 April,all,adamcoteb,"Great game! The Gameplay is well-made and the Story/Objective is actually really good, it's hard to stop playing once you hop in the game.+ The 4 player co-op mode is a lot of fun.+ The Gameplay is fluid and well paced.+ The Visuals are simply breathtaking, one of the most beautiful game i've played along the Uncharted series and the last of us.- The Graphics optimisation is a bit sloppy, i've got an I7 6th gen along with 16go Ram overclocked DDR5 with a GTX 1070 8Go GDDR5 and I still have troubles keeping a steady 60fps (it's the only game I have with these issues), But I won't complain because the framedrop I experience isn't really noticable.- The side missions are repetitive, but a lot of fun still.In conclusion, this game is Beautiful, Fun to play (esspecialy in coop) and defenitly worth it, I've even bouth the season pass and I can't wait for more GR: Wildlands"
76561198058824958,Recommended,460930,31149208,Posted: 14 April,all,Certificate_A,This game is soooo much fun!!8.5/10 A little more polish & would have been a 10/10.Patches are out so the support is there.It's just a fun game like I haven't enjoyed in years.Highly recommended !!!
76561198153915350,Recommended,460930,30618053,Posted: 19 March,all,Jamielos,"Good game in general, and I really like the concept. However, certain missions feel repeated, and (I know this is expected just after launch), WAY too many glitches both big and small, from graphics going into each other, to strange vehicle spawning spots, to near game-breaking bugs like getting stuck in the geography (which I have done twice in just over 12 hours of playing this. I would recommend buying it, but only if they fix these bugs in the future."
,Recommended,460930,30466716,Posted: 12 March,all,Bruce Wayne,"Just getting warmed up, story develops pretty nice. Graphics on Ultra is fabulous, fps on my 980ti OC are a bit wanky but this was to be expected. Even on Very High setting this game is a beauty. Weapon handling is great, driving not so much, but let's wait for the patches to come in.EDIT: Played through the whole campaign and all currently available DLC content, and I still like it very much. Highly recommended!"
76561198310519962,Recommended,460930,31199173,Posted: 17 April,all,LuckyEye,this game is awsome
76561198115584425,Recommended,460930,31198232,Posted: 17 April,all,Coupons182,Really addictive and fun
76561198178665391,Recommended,460930,31135678,Posted: 14 April,all,josephhammo,"Fantastic graphics, great storyline and an all round joy to play. My only gripe with the game is the vehicle physics aren't very good. However that said, I would deffinately reccomend this game!"
76561198001113502,Recommended,460930,31135485,Posted: 14 April,all,Osu,"Hands down, best shooter I've ever played. Shooters are not even my favorite genre, but I fell in love with this game and played it exclusively for about 3 weeks until I did the campaign twice. The gameplay in this really sets it apart. When you are completing a mission or grabbing a new piece of gear, you really have to plan your attack. A minor objective guarded by just a few narcos can be taken out by just rolling up and doing a drive-by (shooting everybody from the safety of your vehicle), but the majority of fights have to planned. You have to quietly take out sentries in order to thin the enemy ranks before infiltrating a base. You will always be outnumbered in fights, so the game forces you to plan your moves. Making a dumb decision and getting pinned down will usually get you killed. My only complaint with this game is the AI. Enemy AI is decent. Bad guys run for cover when fired upon and sometimes surprise you by flanking and hitting your rear. Unfortunately, your team members when you play solo are the biggest idiots on the planet. Because stealth is such a big part of this game, the developers decided that your team should be invisible until the shooting starts. As a result, when you are sneaking around, you will sometimes see your team walking in plain sight of the enemy but not being seen. I guess they decided that us players would get mad if our computer buddies always screwed up the missions by getting spotted. I understand. It makes sense. However, they tend to STAY invisible even in the middle of firefights. I have been in fights where every bad guy in the area was shooting at me and totally ignoring the rest of the team. I have seen cartel trucks plow through a dozen hostile rebel fighters just to hit me. If possible, I would really like to see my team be a little more visible in fights even if it meant them getting spotted more when I was trying to be sneaky. However, that is really a minor criticism, and taken as a whole I would give Wildlands a 9.9/10. Just an incredible game and I eagerly await new content."
,Not Recommended,460930,30390627,Posted: 8 March,all,kamilS the Brannigan King,The whole game in a single sentence:It is repetitive and unfinished.
76561198066238151,Recommended,460930,30397146,Posted: 8 March,all,KillAllCreatures,"Soo I finished Ghost Recon Wildlands with a 100% completion and got to experience both endings. The ""good"" or ""bad"" ending? welp. Both endings suck in my opinion. It's kinda nice to get an ending that isn't like OOH WE LIVE HAPPLY EVER AFTER and crap. Both endings were kinda a kick in the nuts. 1 kick for each testical. Both endings were pretty much saying ""OK, so here's that and this, pick the lesser evil and carry on with your life and thanks for playing our game"". Other than that If you have 3 friends that just wanna♥♥♥♥♥♥around in an openworld ""tactical"" fps then sure, the game is a ton of fun with them or alone. Though if you can, Wait for a sale. It's only 60 bucks cuz it has Ubisofts tramp stamp on it."
76561198257901929,Recommended,460930,30794861,Posted: 28 March,all,Beaker09,"Brilliant game 9/10Why does it take 5+ minutes to start? Oh thanks yooplayClicking out of the game causes a PC siezure. (i'm trying to record) Thanks yooplayHas some good air force jokes though, everybody loves thoseGreat stealth possibilities, if you like to creep like me. Plus the story is pretty cool. I'm not compelled to play it all day like some games, but I do wanna see what happens next."
,Not Recommended,460930,30431747,Posted: 10 March,all,Siempre,"Sucks dont buy it waste of money i tried to return it , but i had to many hours i forced myself to give it a chance !"
76561198039498360,Recommended,460930,30793127,Posted: 28 March,all,X,"Very fun game, it has its flaws and can be a bit repetative but overall, I recommend this game especially if you have a group of friends to play with."
,Recommended,460930,30543943,Posted: 16 March,all,VTG1800,"Perfect games, I'm big fans Ghost Recon series from jungle storm.Positive:+ Excellent graphics+ Response A.I+ Characters design and detail+ Full open world+ Custom characters and weapon parts+ Skill level option+ Side quest, mission, and collectibles+ Multiplayer mission+ 60 Fps run on ultra setting 1080p (Very stable)Negative:- DRMScore: 10/10 (Remove DRM for the perfect games)"
,Not Recommended,460930,30611887,Posted: 19 March,all,🌟Limedream™🌟,This game would be great if it wasn't so laggy!-------------------------------------------------------------------I have so good PC components but this game needs more. When I bought this I thought that I won't have lag but it was false.Pros:-good gameplay-really good graphics-missions are built very good-the AI are very good at helpingCons:-not good optimized-unidad is so suspicious-very much lag on medium quality-the missions are very boring if you do with the same tacticSo I will give it 7.5/10
,Recommended,460930,30778676,Posted: 27 March,all,Zycho◈_῟,This game is fun af makes time go by fast always something to do :)
,Recommended,460930,30783814,Posted: 27 March,all,-Death-,"if you ever played Mafia 3 you might find this game to be very very similar, rather repetitive and incomplete in some ways however the beautiful map and cooperative capabilities make it more interesting and playable. 7/10"
,Not Recommended,460930,30415882,Posted: 9 March,all,RainScythe,"EDIT:  This game has an extreme lack of content.  Once you complete the first set of missions and side missions in any ggiven province, every other province will have the exact same missions (Except they'll be in the snow or something).  The game might last a little longer if you have some friends with you, but if you're going at this game solo then I would definitely say to never buy this game.If Arma is too clunky and realistic for you then this game is perfect for you.  I got this game hoping that it would be able to replace the the old SOCOM series on the PS2.  So far this game is pretty much an open world version of the SOCOM single player campaigns with subpar performance and pretty graphics.  However, the gunplay feels fantastic, and the world design is very good.  The customization is hella awesome as well as it allows you to change almost every single detail of your character (Clothing, gun parts, camos, etc.).The Good:-Visuals and graphics-Feel of the guns-Sound effects-Dialogue-World design-Driving-CustomizationThe Bad:-Very little content, and the game got pretty stale after about 20 hours-BGM-Helicopter controls-Braindead squad AI in single player-Stealth is required to survive on higher difficulties (No other playstyles allowed [going in guns blazing for example])Score: 4/10"
76561198041386660,Recommended,460930,30756954,Posted: 26 March,all,Natsuki Subaru,Great game for co-op though there are a few times the game lags
76561198021745288,Recommended,460930,30759462,Posted: 26 March,all,[CARNIFEX]6^6,Good game for the most part. Just a few things I am very concerned about. When you call in rebel support or try to command your AI squad it's very clunky and annoying. Most of the time they are better off being left back. only good purpose is for sync shots. The driving is also very clunky and choppy in my opinion and is not very fun while escpaing from a  unidad or cartel vehicle and crashing at every corner. Player customization is very boring. You really only have like 5 haircuts. Come on guys gor real?? you can be EMO rocker. Snake. or Be MR CLean and Jason Statham. Cool.  :(    I have a lot of the map left to explore the game is Great!!! Dont get me wrong I woul just like to see some of those issues addressed before the release of any dlc or expansion. Thanks for an awesome game! This game has so much land to explore. It's visually stunning. It is a complete new and better way to appoach the military campaign game. Having the option to approach any mission in so many ways adds so much more dynamics than the old linear CoD BF and Ghost title games predating wildlands.
76561198089921681,Recommended,460930,30711244,Posted: 24 March,all,Slowhand76,"Terrible, full of bugs, keeps giving errors and then quit. Story is unclear ok we are in bolivia and now what.It's unclear what we must do exactly and we keep beeing shot at. It no fun at the moment to play this game at all."
76561198048882885,Recommended,460930,30761600,Posted: 26 March,all,sherid50,"the game itself is amazing.  the finish/polish is typical ubisoft grad D ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. tons of bugs.  Game crashes all the time.  It's a ton of fun... when it works.If they ever pull their ♥♥♥♥ing heads out of their asses and fix the damn thing it will be great, otherwise its just good... when it works."
,Not Recommended,460930,30628263,Posted: 19 March,all,Practithulu,"Pretty much everything people are saying about this game is true. Its very well made, but its also pretty bad. The graphics are very good, the shooting is good, and playing with friends or even randos can be a lot of fun. The writing and voice acting are both laughingly bad. Its very repetitive.The gameplay loop is compelling and once you get sucked in, you end up playing for hours and hours. Think Far Cry3/4 crossed with Just Cause or Assassins Creed, but they replaced parkour with high-end assault rifles and cocaine, but not like you would think. This is a VERY UBIsoft game. If you like UBI games, you'll probably like this.update: Game erased my progress after 30 hours. ♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,460930,30762741,Posted: 26 March,all,MelloPanda,"Good game, the AI teammates don't know how to fire a weapon though."
,Recommended,460930,30760182,Posted: 26 March,all,FullyX,"I would Recommend thisYes, most title releases these days have a rough start, and in the PC world not everything is going to be perfect.  Everybody has different specs, different rigs e.c.t, which will all impact your play performance and weather you enjoy the game or not.This is a tactical shooter, BUT you can either go in guns blazing or stealth, just like Farcry 4 and the other predecessors before it.Not everything is perfectNo matter the Rig your using, Intel or AMD they both have things that need worked on, Ubisoft is working 24/7 to make your gaming experience a better experience.I have noticed a ton of smooth gameplay but there are some certain improvements that I wish to see in the future, which will be listed below.FPS Stability, I get 80fps on high right now (big whoop) but I would like to stay locked in and not have drops here and there.Loading Issues, when you get too some areas in the game, your game will essentially freeze kind of like a lag spike, this is caused by a network issue between Ubisofts servers and you, along with it loading in a large chunk of data, maybe introduce Pre - Loading?AI companionship,  For example a Friend joins me, only 1, the other 2 AI players leave which don't make since because what if you need 4 people to take on a base?Bullet Drop,  I love the bullet drop in this game, but it does need some tweaking, whats the point of using a scope if you are just going to aim and pull the trigger?Microtransactions,  I see them, you can go buy digital gear with your ""ubisoft points"" or to purchase more ubisoft points.  Let's not have microtransactions kill this game please.Now, I only have 4 hours in this game, but that is due to me working Full time 50+ hours a week depending, but I can guarentee you over time I will tack on at least 400 - 1000 hours depending on how much time I get to play."
,Not Recommended,460930,30410028,Posted: 9 March,all,PilotdArr,"Changing my review from positive to negative. The game has been mostly unplayable lately due to incessant crashing for no apparent reason. The patch they came out with seemed to make it even worse.Also, having spent more time playing the game I got over the intial honeymoon phase of how beautiful and at times fun the game could be.Now it's shown it's true self and that it's a lazily designed game that is wholly repetitive and runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥even on nice new hardware. this game should be $15.99 not $60. It's just ridiculous that Ubisoft is allowed to get away with this garbage.All this being said, the game still has some potential, but I dont't think it'll ever get there. I don't have faith in the developers at this point. Oh and ontop of all the issue once you do manage to actually make it into a game with other competent players, the servers are down often and run like♥♥♥♥♥♥when they do manage to keep them up.4/10Not recommended."
76561198283646937,Recommended,460930,30986630,Posted: 6 April,all,Hippo.,"***THIS GAME IS AMAZING! DO NOT LISTEN TO THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS. THEY ARE INSANE.**Hands down, this is the best coop pc game I have ever played.  It's basically the result of SOCOM, FARcry, GTA, and RAINBOWSIX having a beautiful healthy baby. The world is massive. The detail in each area/building is incredible. The gun/character customization is amazing. ITS THIRD AND FIRST PERSON! The missions are all fun, especially when playing with good friends. The community, overall is awesome. The game requires teamwork to succeeed which is what makes it really fun to play and believe it or not most players, because the game basically inforces it, play as a team. The vehicles are also really fun. (very much like GTA). Instead of wasting time on increddible vehicle manipulation and control the developers simply designed the vehicles to be fun and easy to drive, which in my opinion, is all that matters.(i'm not a f&*$kn Pilot)  I have played 100 hours thus far and am only about 20% through the game/missions which is incredible. Sure theres a couple glitches here and there but I rearely notice them and in the end who gives a f&*%. Generally they just give you a good laugh and you move on.  Also, if you have a dbag of a teammate (which rarely happens) you can easily vote, and kick said person which for some reason, soo many games have yet to figure this feature out. DEVELOPERS!!! Please keep up the good work guys and keep adding more customization and expansion! Maybe even 5-7 teammates instead of just a squad of 4?? No Rush. This game is absolutely incredible."
,Recommended,460930,30441097,Posted: 10 March,all,-JD^ | #TB12,"Awesome game, I recommend playing the co op campaign with a buddy or two. The game took my friend and I 50 hours to beat with completing all campaign content and a decent amount of side missions. We enjoyed the entire game and still are.  Busting a bunch of drug lords in Bolvia complemented by a large open world map with insane graphics. That alone makes the game worth playing. Norco Road is bogus DLC, according to my buddy. We are in the process of playing Fallen Ghosts, which is a follow up to the campaign and also a great experience. If you like GTA, watch dogs, just cause, far cry,  or sniper elite you will most likely really enjoy this video game."
,Recommended,460930,33020758,Posted: 29 June,all,xsanight,AMAZING! I FEEL SNEAKY!
76561198032077521,Recommended,460930,30577536,Posted: 17 March,all,Doc McStuffit,"I found a wall in this game, their punk a$$ razor wire and snipers were no match for my orange, incandecent glory however. I simply crossed their border to show them the importance of a proper wall being built. Mine is going to be magnificient and glorious. I will have a moat, with sharks, with lazer beams on their heads. OPERATE HARD BRUH."
76561198346246501,Recommended,460930,33245199,Posted: 4 July,all,CB,Its A cool game!!!!!
,Recommended,460930,33136554,Posted: 2 July,all,3ricE,"I play this game mostly in single player mode. The mission is very similar throughtout maps. You will get more and more efficient about it. However, I like trying new weapon and you will receive new weapons when playing in each section. The weekly challenge will get you iconic staffs which you can show off when playing with your friends.I personally do not think the game is design for PVP but in a cooperative mode where friends gather to play in a mission."
76561198072065368,Recommended,460930,33286067,Posted: 5 July,all,JokRanD,Well who dont want to kill a punch of bad people!
,Recommended,460930,33312226,Posted: 6 July,all,Ponis,"Amazing game, perfect gameplay 10/10 -ign. There is an annoying♥♥♥♥♥problem with enemies randomly spawning on top of you which can be such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ other than that it's great."
76561198163797199,Recommended,460930,33357384,Posted: 7 July,all,Socratis,its a nice game but its not well optimizedi recommended it for sure its fun!
,Recommended,460930,33373060,Posted: 8 July,all,Tamanizer™,great game and lots of fun
76561198035173192,Recommended,460930,33343564,Posted: 7 July,all,MorningMoke,"good game if you buy it on sale i would not recommend buying it full price. if you are looking for a stealth game in which you raid bases all day and practically do the same thing over and over in different locations then this is the game youre looking for. if youre not into that youll get bored of the game fairly quickly. Also game comes with annoying bugs like getting stuck in the map or even falling through it. However, these bugs didnt happen very often so I wouldnt worry about it too much."
,Recommended,460930,33301990,Posted: 5 July,all,WarmTummyRubs,Great for screenshots
76561198065260221,Recommended,460930,33326154,Posted: 6 July,all,Hack Daddy,gufd
,Not Recommended,460930,33329188,Posted: 6 July,all,KEVINLOL,"Boring game. Absolutely not worth the price. Only way you'll somewhat have fun is if you're playing with friends...i can't imagine playing solo.  The graphics are great, the guns feel great.....the story is dumb, all of the missions are exactly the same. It gets as boring as The Division got boring.4/10 would not recommend....maybe if it's ever on sale for $10 it would be worth it. (if you're playing with friends)"
,Not Recommended,460930,33329483,Posted: 6 July,all,Toney,"Overall, quite disappointing, lack of characters to empathize with, generic dialogues, except the video briefings are ok.Gameplay wise there are some horrific fails in my opinion which make the game a pain from time to time.Examples: using the command wheel you can select options only with your mouse wheel instead of allowing the selection with the mouse (which would be much quicker, more reliable), you cannot use the command wheel when moving, you simply stop, like it's not possible for you to give orders and walk at the same time... nope not doableFurthermore it only gives you basic commands which always go to all your teammates, a cool feature would be to let one guy behind for sniping/scouting or define waypoints for them which they follow so you can sneak in on another route.Vehicles are simply garbage, although I got used to them in the end but let me tell you, they are not fine to steer with mouse and keyboard... Don't even get me started on flying a med helicopter through two zones with air defense missiles...Graphics wise it looks good but cannot compensate for the other weaknesses...I somehow got the impression that the game is not very well programmed, often needed a second attempt to even start and would also crash one time when it started on the first try.Wouldn't buy again.If you thought why didn't i mentione the AI?Which AI do I ask..."
76561197970438870,Not Recommended,460930,33333116,Posted: 6 July,all,Dr.Mindbender,I have fallen through the world more time then I can count. Game is pretty and the map is huge offering lots of areas to explore the exact same homes and bases. I would not purchase this unless it's on sale for $10.
76561198319205290,Recommended,460930,33333056,Posted: 6 July,all,Kuraito,"love this game so much, the open world is not so boring for me, and most all of the missions like mission impossible for me. but what i hate from this game is vehicle control and sometime my team make me fail a mission, when i order them hold position but they shooting the enemy and the mission must be undetected. but for overall i love this game and i recommend this game"
,Recommended,460930,33331335,Posted: 6 July,all,"NWG_CptStealth ""The Old Guard""","The story didn't even climax. It just had a premature ejaculation and then went to bed wallowing in its own tears.Get this game when it's on sale, it's not worth the price of $60. I Recommend it for gameplay, not for story."
76561198076396065,Not Recommended,460930,30369308,Posted: 7 March,all,tonesims,"It's like an arcade version of Arma 3. It definitely has some great moments, but is ruined by dumb AI, overly simplified game mechanics, and horrid dlc."
,Recommended,460930,33363192,Posted: 7 July,all,steelman97,"I rated this game solid 9/10The goods-good graphics-lot of character costumaziation-lot of guns and you cam earn guns from defeating boss-every vehicle has different feeling-has a lot of boss you must defeat(arrest or kill)The bad:-has few bugs/glitch(as far i played)-few missions feels boringsorry for my bad english,i'm indonesian"
76561198107562510,Recommended,460930,33383374,Posted: 8 July,all,Kloe,"This game drops you into Bolivia, armed to the teeth, in a squad of 4, and with the freedom to destroy the cartel in whatever order you want (mostly). There is a story in this game, and it's not a bad one, but it can be easy to miss when playing with other players. That said, playing with other players is where this game can be the most fun. But for now, to explain in a bit more detail...Your character is customizable from the start of the game. At first you can select what face you want you're character to have from preset options, and then all other visual choices you wish to have. Except for your character's face, all other options can be changed at anytime during the game. There aren't hundreds of options to choose from, but the selection (to me at least) has been pretty statisfactory.Weapons can be acquired around the game world, along with modes, and can be customized to suit your playstyle. Though as this game is best when playing with other people, you may want to outfit your soldier with complimentary gear.Missions take on various forms. Story missions are probably the most fun, because they offer unique tasks are incorporate story elements. Other missions are good for acquiring supplies (needed for learning new skills) or for upgrading your relationship with the local rebels (which earn you advanced support options like vehicle drop-offs and mortar strikes).The combat mechanic is good. The enemy AI is alright. Meaning, a single enemy or small group are manageable with a small effort, but can become very complicated quickly as more reinforcements arrive. The key to dealing with enemies eaisly is stealth. That said, this game's alert systems are a decent challenge. While stealth isn't too difficult, it's can be fairly easy to be detected if you make a careless move. Once you're detected the enemy can become a challenge. Depending on how skilled you are at combat, how many there are, and which faction you're fighting. For example, Unidad calls in reinforcements like mad. I joke that you kill 1 and get 12... but I'm not too far off the mark. The stealth kills are pleasant to pull off, and the chaotic ""front-door"" approach can be a entertaining challenge. So, regardless what you do you can get something out of it. I wouldn't recommend the ""front-door"" approach in single player though, as your AI team needs skill upgrades before the become usefull enough.All in all, if you have friends who want to stomp around Bolivia with you taking out a narco nation in spectacular fashion, then this is a strong recommendation. If you like to solo it for the story it's pretty solid, and/of if you want to just mess around with random matchups and cause chaos that can be a bag of laughs.My only warning for this entry would be that it can be a little repetative with the non-story missions if you don't try different approaches. The locations change, but rebel missions (of each type) are pretty much the same. I find them entertaining enough, but I wouldn't be telling you everything unless I said this. Rebel missions can become repetative.That is all, enjoy :)"
76561198019375995,Not Recommended,460930,33385540,Posted: 8 July,all,archiepwns,"pretty similar missions, AI is poor (however squad control is basic and simple to use), cars are pretty crap so reliant on Helicopters but SAMs respawn quickly so shot down pretty easiler, even with fully upgraded armor, map is large and varied though was nice to see, DLC are utter SH;T do not buy them. side missions are okay, as are resources, but as game moves through story resources seem to spread out more and become much scare making levelling up skills harder unless you horde at the beggining."
76561198072018904,Recommended,460930,33392999,Posted: 8 July,all,hitherdonkey,"Excellent game! I wanted a tactical shooter that allows you to scout, survey, and stealth or shoot your way through an area, and that is exactly what i got. Tons of fun"
,Recommended,460930,33390443,Posted: 8 July,all,The Major,This game is excellent for so many reasons. Most noteably the graphics and realism of vehicles both in appearance and realistic operation. The operation possibilities with squad drone weapons and rebels friendlies. Very very cool.
76561197992064811,Recommended,460930,33377607,Posted: 8 July,all,50millimetre,"Fantastic open world experience.Detail of world is awesome, AI very sophisticated too (0verall). You occasionally get odd moments, but a very enable game.Solo and Coop works very well.Weapon ballastics work pretty well.Vehicles feel like they are made from tissue paper though - very fragile.Squad comands could be more extensive, but I guess they are playing to a younger audience who would rather 'run and gun'Great job though.Nearly 100 hours in and still enjoyable."
,Recommended,460930,33391263,Posted: 8 July,all,Secrecy,Is alot ov fun.
76561197981403990,Recommended,460930,31506176,Posted: 2 May,all,Kaos|Boboso,"First and foremost, this is more of a ""Ghost Recon Lite"".The base game is mostly awesome as you can go stealth or loud.  Unlike older GR games this one is rather forgiving if you go loud assuming you have the skills to back it.  There can be a lot of fun found by playing with others.  Unfortunately the game will become a bit too routine in terms of clearing a complex, grabbing whatever goodies exist, and repeating.  Even worse, it seems as if I keep jumping into games with other people running missions I've already ran despite the vast number of missions that I haven't touched.  It's a rather petty gripe but you'll understand the 6th time you have to sneak into a particular mansion to plant bugs and the person that started the mission gets caught causing a restart.  This will seemingly happen again and again and again...A HUGE gripe that I have is the spawn♥♥♥♥♥♥that can occur.  You and your team will eventually die.  You will all spawn at a friendly hut and in under 30 seconds you will have Unidad or Santa Blanca spawn and drive up with guns blazing effectively wiping your squad.  I don't know how many times I've had this happen.  If you tend to grab drinks or whatever after a death you can expect to come back to find yourself dead again.  It's pretty bad.Still great for a bit of a stealth sandbox.I tried the Narco Road DLC and in under 15 minutes I already agree with the general concensus; it's dumb.  The base game isn't known for the best voiceovers but the DLC takes it a step further into a land of terrible stupidity.  The first time you look at the monster truck you'll probably think it looks pretty cool.  I sure did.  Unfortunately you'll drive it and if you're like me you'll get stuck staring at the tires.  It comes across as one of those situations where the tires have 5 frames of animation and they are not at all convincing at anything under the fastest speed which oddly enough still doesn't look right.  I probably wont be spending much time playing Narco Road and it sounds like most of the community wont either.I recommend the base game ONLY, people are still playing it, and I'm sure you'll enjoy it.  I HIGHLY recommend it on sale though as it is a little more routine than Far Cry.  Skip DLCs unless you hear great things from others."
,Recommended,460930,31514183,Posted: 2 May,all,Dragon Appraiser,"Now is a good time to start wishing I had a better PC. GTX 950, Medium settings, most effects off, and 35 fps :(10/10 Will lag again."
76561198245458204,Recommended,460930,31466442,Posted: 30 April,all,RayDaTray,"The driving is absolutely horrendous. If I follow my rule of thumb, 1$=1 hour of fun, it certainly isn't getting a pass. Everything else seems fins but the driving, ugh just destroys the rest of the game. That's all I have to say.[EDIT}Having played a little bit more of the game, it's honestly not that bad. Yes, missions may be repetitive but they're always different in one way or another. If you're a gun nut, you'll love the infinite possibilities when it comes to customization. The game looks absolutely beautiful even on high settings. If you get past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driving experience, the game is definetly a blast to play."
76561198070989650,Recommended,460930,31619187,Posted: 7 May,all,/|\uz,"This game could have been a breath taking adventure throught an amazing landscape and, and hours and hours of immersive coop bliss.. But somewhere in the hustle to make this landscape, they made budget cuts to the story development department. The game takes itself far to seriously. I mean, the premis of the story has four of Americas best, and none of them have any kind of character development, or are they likeable. They game could have the spice and flair of a Naughty Dog game, and instead you get a storebot experience.Game play is amazing; However driving could be a lot more fun, seeing as how you spend the a lot of your time in a heli.. just saying...I don't mean to bash the game. I think the game play is hallarious, killing is seriously satisfying, and if you're playing with the right friends, things can get very very tense."
76561198024739271,Recommended,460930,31662823,Posted: 10 May,all,KFCZingerBurger,"Ubisoft, have you delivered a fantastic game!Great graphics and tatctical gameplay, recommended to play with friends!8/10"
76561198348568044,Recommended,460930,31659345,Posted: 9 May,all,GRANTITO,5/5
76561198032719066,Recommended,460930,31656385,Posted: 9 May,all,KittyCatMeowFace,"one point i like to say before i say anything elsei feel disapointed that this game has no multiplayer other than coop campaign, i loved future soilders 3rd person gameplay and i thought this would be the next one.other than that i feel that this game is very average game, even if this is your first ghost recon game, you are going to come across a few very noticeable featuresMOVEMENT- very simple very nice, cover feature is their but usually i use my surrounds as cover or just stealth kill.combat- gun play is great with lots of variety in guns feeling and and efficetiveness, that is if you play unstealthly, evrything is a oneshot kill if you are not spotted by the enemy. guns have bullet drop and do damage respective of the gun and caliber typeA.I.- laughily bad and without playing on extreme difficulty cant hit♥♥♥♥♥♥""not that it matters on the easy mode"" also like i said stealth makes evreyone a one shot kill with any gun. also because the game has a extremely long timed meter on when the enemey actually spots you and starts shooting at you, you can easily take out an entire base with just a pistol and that does not take some god level kind of skill to do. Also silencers do nothing, you can shoot unsilenced in a base and alert nobody so take that bullet drop device offCUSTOMIZATION- you find weapons and parts in every province one at a time with each province having usualy 3 weapons and 3 attachments, these attachments sometimes go on only one type of weapon or all of them and some are weapon specific. It feels really sad to find info on weapon and attachment locations just for it to be a pistol and a extended mag just for said specific pistol thats really foor ""pretend stealth"" only becuase good luck using that in actual gunfights when it takes 5-6 shots to kill. i don't really care about clothing♥♥♥♥♥♥and i just stuck with the stuff i gave my character when i created her becuase it look badass and still doesVEHICLES- if you thought this game is going to put much effort into its driving then you are horrible wrong, if you drove a car in farcry you driven one in this game, all drive the same and hadle like♥♥♥♥♥♥and provide no feedback and are solely ment as a charter to places and for goofing off and laughing at it. same goes for helicopters, used for getting to really far away places, ignore the guns on the front though, because of the controls you will not be hitting anything with them. Also pro tip if you want to fly straight and not up and down or into the ground accend to your desired height and while holding the ascend button hold the forward pitch button down, the helicopter will tilt forward alittle and then after a few seconds of hold the two buttons the helicopter will straighten out for a second and then begin to dive towards the ground, when this happens just release the foward pitch button and your helicopter will now fly straight. even if you do crash the helicopter or the plane in the game dont worry, they can vertically nose dive into the ground and not even start spitting out black smoke, and if they do catch fire you have ample time to get out of a comepletly on fire vehicle un scathedSETTING- the world just looks amazing and is so huge that 90 percent of it is just their to look pretty, if a town has no enemey base in it or rebel ops mission or a cartel medal then you have no reason to ever go into, and most of the land is just un passable forrest and farmland anyway so yeah. the locations you do go to look very similar though some are unique and look like an actual cartel hideoutSTORY- i picked my characters name and i forgot it immeditally, dont crae about this cia lady dont care about the dead dea agent, dont care about mmr revolution man dont care about the bosses other than el sueno (though if you can always listen to the conversations of the underbosses before they catch you it hysterical). i will give it this, i love my 4 squad members, though they repeat sometimes they still say new stuff everytime i play and it never happens very oftenOVERALLif this was a unpaid review channel or something they would probably give this game  a 6/10 or 3.5 stars and call it a rent first kind of game. lots hours of playtime and probably tons of fun with friends in coop but no reason to even play again after completing"
76561198013442041,Not Recommended,460930,31498807,Posted: 1 May,all,ZenBlue,So far I'm very disappointed in the voice acting.  It just sounds like some guys sitting around a table reading a script.  At least Future Soldier had me engaged with their amazing voice acting.With Wildlands I feel like I'm listening to a game still in beta.. In junior high school.Can I get my money back?
76561198338485955,Recommended,460930,31658394,Posted: 9 May,all,own.drive.fin,"LOVE, LOVE, LOVEI feel like UBISOFT went into my brain and figured out what my ideal game was and then went and made Ghost Recon Wildlands.I LOVE Farcry 3, 4 & Primal & this feels very similar but without the anoying compulsory linear story mission.Love it."
,Recommended,460930,31657559,Posted: 9 May,all,CaptainWexs,"Considering I played the open beta for a whole day I must say the game is fun. It does have bugs like all other games, but in the end once you look past them it really is quite fun. I recommend you buy it, it was a good investment and I plan to play more then 1.5 hours of the actual game."
76561198321450997,Recommended,460930,31657097,Posted: 9 May,all,Relics,"The only thing I can find wrong with this game is that the driving mechanic has terrible handling, other than that I have a blast playing alone or with friends"
,Recommended,460930,31424956,Posted: 28 April,all,slyver08,"The game in itself is great. The huge map, the graphics, the story are all awesome if you ask me.Fighting the army is probably the most fun I have in this game, would be great if it got even more difficult after level 4 alert because once you have the grenade launcher, fighting Unidad becomes a piece of cake.Now on the less good side : helicopters driving is quirky at best. I fly them well enough that I can clear a zone quite fast, but that's about it. It would be great to have them being able to launch some kind of anti-missile decoy, same for planes (unless its in game and I'm just not far enough)Uplay. Enough said. Believe me, I love Ubisoft games, but I HATE having to deal with Uplay, and that's when it's working."
,Recommended,460930,31610754,Posted: 7 May,all,Fulgrim,"Compared to GTA series a more ""grounded"" open world game with action reminiscent to the movie black hawk down. Took me 2-3 hours to get warm with it."
76561198065241730,Recommended,460930,31697021,Posted: 12 May,all,AurumWeaver,"People tend to take a dump on every game that didn't exceed their every dream, without even trying to appreciate what's actually there in the game. It's a military shooter-style experience, very well-polished, with gorgeous visuals, an excellent and changing level-design form a place to another, and it's worth at least to be tried when it's on sale. Clearly, it can get repetitive, but so does Skyrim, Fallout, Far Cry and every other open-world game with supposedly dozens of hours' worth of content.Just don't let people overreacting scare you, it's a very good game. It doesn't crosses the threshold of ""great game"", but hey, neither do most open-world games. It's just a nice way to blow off steam after a hard week."
76561198145406314,Recommended,460930,31718935,Posted: 13 May,all,TheCptnOfFail,"TLDR: neither good or bad. an incredibly solid MEH of a game that i have put way too much time into.it's ubisoft, it runs like crap, has a story?, has decent controlls, crap DLC (so far), microtransactions, dumb AI, decent Co-op, good shooting, huge open world, battlefield levels of guns and coustomization, and an easy 20+ hours of stuff to do.let me start with what my computer is running and all the negatives.FX8350 at 4.3Ghz, 1070, 12gb RAM.compare that to the reccomended specs, slightly better than what they reccomend.with that in mind on high or medium settings running at 1080p the frame rate jumps all over the place, usually around 45fps with frequent dips to 20.also crashes. this game loves to crash and has been doing so for the past month with no patches fixing this. sometimes i can play for hours with no crashes other times i can move three feet and i am back on the desktop.'micro transactions! everyones favorite! but most of the guns suck or are just retextured versions of guns you can get through normal play. the only exceptions are more for fun than anything. (like the civil war or the WW2 pack)some of them you can get for free (the division and assassins creed pack require you to own the respective games. the guns suck BTW)finally narco road. it could have been a fun DLC, if it was part of the main game. it takes place in a small area of the normal world space. you create a new character and then fly a helicopter to some guy that is setting up a new cartell or something. then drive a monster truck off a cliff with the intent to blow up some cars owned by another cartell.they added more guns, but you can only use them in the DLC.it could have been good, but it was done so poorly.now on to the good side.well the controlls don't suck. they don't suck even more if you can bind some of them to the mouse.the AI is dumb. but this makes doing some things fun. like running around in a base screaming stealth at the top of your lungs while stealthily using a grenade launcher and musket to kill everyone.what other games can you do that in? seriously it is tons of fun.there are plenty of guns to use and many ways to build them. all guns are viable, almost all the attachments are viable.persionally i like high rate of fire loud guns when i need to get into a base unnoticed. suppressors are for noobs. seriously, after a while you learn how to stealth without them.shooting them is fun too, they have the classic COD style hitmarker and sound. but it sounds so good to shoot at someone then hear the wonderfull THWACK of the hitmarker. pretty sure you can turn that off though.grenade spam, C4 spam, flare spam. turning C4 into jeep stuff.a massive open world and tons of fast cars. try the minibus and ""sports car"" for offroading. or take them down death road.bring a friend. FFS bring a friend, you will shout at the AI otherwise. if you dont have a friend, it's ok the AI teammates teleport to you and almost never shoot unless told to... or in  a car...honestly there is so much more to this game. look up some videos, see if your friends can run it or make some friends that can run it, then check your bank and ponder for a good bit before deciding one way or another."
76561198349642658,Not Recommended,460930,31727687,Posted: 13 May,all,GiwaffWifHoovfs,"Unless you want to spend countless hours constantly upgrading weapons and waiting for your friends or those incompitent asshats who play this game to come to you so you can do a mission and use the same entering and sniping tactic as it's the only one that works, this game is not for you."
76561198006660080,Recommended,460930,31727982,Posted: 13 May,all,Ayar,"An impressively high-quality shooter in the vein of Far Cry but more believable and grounded not in silliness like FC but rather a real-world country (albeit with a fictitious bent). The play mechanics are well done, and the interface is natural and doesn't suffer from console-ism like some AAA releases. The story is one of the most interesting I've seen for a shooter--especially supplemented with additional tapes & documents scattered throughout the world. And they did a good job of letting you run the show, doing things in the order and way you want rather than forcing you down certain paths or orders so their little cutscenes and such make sense--rather it's all very natural and they handled the flexibility well.The graphics are extraordinary and there's a lot of attention to animation details with variety and naturalness that helps immersion and continuously impresses during the whole (which for me, was a lot) of the game. Furthermore, it's a true open world--an entire country--and feels like it. And it's not fast-travel-to-regions (although this is available) but you can fly around it. A bit like Just Cause 3 but without the craziness of course. Graphics performance was phenomenal and the game seems very well optimized--and I started playing on a pair of gtx780s, which got me hooked. Yeah, it's that polished. I did update those to a 1080ti (for a different game), and jacked the settings up to max...and got hooked again.The fact that it's inspired by a real-world country, like spy/intrigue novels & movies, would greatly aids the quality. Having been to nearby Peru, the addition of little ""legend"" factoids in the game about the non-fictitous country was interesting.  Large number of familiar weapons was great, and the weapon customization approach was perfect--complete with a natural interface and some good animation, manipulation, etc.I didn't have any significant problems with it. The handful of crashes I had (in ~175 hours, mind) actually only came after a few patches, which is surprising. Probably trying to address issues the vast majority don't experience and introducing a regression that affects the regular players.Regarding multiplayer: don't know, don't care. Didn't get it for that, have 0 interest and usually multiplayer features on a largely singleplayer game just steal quality away from the main game experience, as the tide of MP additional code, attendant bugs, and MP player ♥♥♥♥♥ing for fixes ends up ruining the SP game and any fixes it needs. Not here, thank goodness.I'm additionally glad this was not a pure & classic Ghost Recon game. I would not have bought it if it were, because ain't no one got time for that retentive version of ""entertainment"". This was a great compromise on the *idea* of those classic--and ultimately for me, unfun--games and something a bit more fast-paced, a more action, and with a pretty entertaining NPC crew. Oddly, I'm a slow player, never liking the Rush and run-and-gun approach in any shooter; but I'm not a masocist either (so no, not interested in TC:GR games usually)...so this game ended up being perfect for me.The mountains of voiced NPC--both the great & appropriate lines from your own team as well as the constant walla of spanish from the civies and sicarios--was impressive. And to pick-up interrupted dialogues with ""You were saying?"" here and there is a nice touch. The really awful and broken spanish of the Team was amusing as well.But what really impressed the most was the overall quality level and attention to detail of all kinds. Hard to get past that."
,Recommended,460930,31728267,Posted: 13 May,all,Darkslighter,"I have never played a Ghost Recon game before but after seeing a few videos I picked this up.It feels to me like the first truely open world game I've ever played. Nothing gated. Want to run around the map getting all the best guns first? Go for it. Don't want to micromanage your gun build? That's fine, the ones you have will get you by for a long while.The game for me is playing in the unbelievably detailed and gorgeous version of Bolivia. The real game for me is simply being in this world. The environment plays such a huge role in accomplishing your mission it is as much as a mechanic as anything else. Even though mission types are repetative, they play out in drastically different ways thanks to the carefully crafted environment and an open world where anything can happen. I've had 3 factions all fighting in the same space I was trying to sneak into to steal something. Chaos!The shooty mechanics are fun and well done. The guns feel good. I know that should be obvious for this type of game, but if they were a little off you would really feel it.For those who want a more linear story, major character development, or a game that makes a political statement, you are not going to find it here. But what is here is done so well that all I want to do is just jump back in and snipe some sicarios."
76561198282601661,Recommended,460930,31715926,Posted: 12 May,all,Hitman,Love the gameOnly one problem flying helis
76561198230691720,Not Recommended,460930,30488888,Posted: 13 March,all,thebigt,"Ive sunk over a hundred hours into this game and i can say that after a few hours it just becomes boring, these are the things that i think are wrong with itMicro transactions - i bought the season pass so i expected to have all the paid outfits and weapons however ubisoft tries to squeese more money out of peope with the credits system, these guns and outfits dont cost actual money so they arent part of the season pass instead they use creidts that need to be paid for and you get almost none from the season passHorrible graphics - the graphics look awful and there isnt enough detail, every mission or environment is ruined by the fact that it looks horrible, you just cant get invested in itBland and repetive environments - In one of the trailers they said that this game would have many diffrent environments but every place your in feels the same, youve got the snow environment, the water environment, the forest environment and the dessert environment, for a map this large there isnt enough diversity and no place seems special, theres barly any detail or easter eggs. You cant even ride the train, its just a moving death barrierEvery mission feels the same - threre is only a handful of mission types and there all boring. Theres hack somthing, Defend somthing, get someware in time, follow somebody and kill somebody. This would be fine if they changed each one up a bit but everytime the mission follows the exact same structureIf you buy this game i hope you like romeing around in a barren world if not then just refund it while you can"
,Recommended,460930,31730806,Posted: 13 May,all,Xenocidebot,"This game is at its best when it's providing quick and fast reasons to go on a shooting adventure. You'll think ""I want this gun before I do this mission"", then find a plane to hijack next to that gun, then land near a city with intel you didn't have yet, then notice a guy a few blocks over could be intimidated to upgrade an ability, then hear a character mention a nearby mission, and in the process of doing it engage a passing convoy. The core experience is basically run-on sentence. Hours will go by with nothing punctuating the segue between sneaking into a dude's house to read his cell phone and getting into a rolling firefight with the army.Sure, the DLC's bad and overpriced, it lacks polish, some mechanics are clunky. It needs work. But what they got right they got very right, and it's easily the best open-world game to come out in recent years."
76561197970467519,Recommended,460930,30476092,Posted: 12 March,all,SMelly_wv,An update to an earlier review. Bought this game on release and promptly refunded. Purchased it again when on sale amd I'm loving it. It seems to have had some improvements. So far I am playing total solo. Love the enviroment amd movements and controls are very fluid. Vehicle controls are still kinda crappy but I seem to be adapting. Having a lot of fun wit it. Will hit co-op adfter I finish it.
76561198378447337,Recommended,460930,31748106,Posted: 14 May,all,FkUsideways,fun game but seems repetative different area of the map but same missions.
,Recommended,460930,31756804,Posted: 14 May,all,Duck Without Wings,"Has some feel of classic Clancy games, mostly in the briefings. There are some issues still but most are minor.It is really, really fun!"
76561197997075494,Recommended,460930,31778579,Posted: 15 May,all,BigRed1,"A little more casual than previous Ghost Recon titles but it makes up for this by its fun factor. Single player is a great challenge and is pretty vast on harder difficulties and when you find a good group online you can lose hours to the game.Thus far I've put in 80 odd hours to almost complete the game, and from that point I think its worth its price point.The first DLC is a joke, hopefully the second makes up for it."
,Not Recommended,460930,31727821,Posted: 13 May,all,The Ghost of King Hamlet,"-=+EDIT+=-So I thought the game was fun at first, but then I realized something.This is litterally Far Cry 4, in third person, with 3 ai teammates, and coop.Everything else is virtually identical, it's rediculous.So no, don't buy this overpriced rehash of a decent game.Also, the uplay rewards are garbage, like all Ubisoft games.This game is litterally designed to make you play more than two hours so that you can't refund it and they keep your money.On top of that, there are in game rewards that are obviously designed to make you want to purchase their other overpriced games.Ubisoft is probably the worst AAA developer, just because they don't give two ♥♥♥♥♥ about the customer.-=+END EDIT+=-Hey man, I think the game is fun.The only real problem I find is how you are forced to have teammates follow you around and if you don't tell them to sit somewhere they alert the enemy like highly trained dumbasses, but hey, that's just how being a leader is.Tell them to pop a squat and the game is 40% better."
,Not Recommended,460930,31729773,Posted: 13 May,all,Jimbo,"Yet another identikit Ubsoft game , same stuff , same gameplay , same crap vehicle physics. Squad ""AI"" is terrible, although I did find it quite funny how they teleport around or suddenly appear alongside you in car. One AI teammate healed me in a burning car , which then exploded killing us both. Ugh.The vehicles just sort of float around with little relation to actual physics - why have roads and suchlike when you can just drive the car off a mountain and land at the bottom with no consequences. Just getting to the mission area was a chore.I played about 1.5hrs  but I just couldn't be bothered to get into yet another bland open-world chock-full of nothingness , with yet another so-called story and characters that are so lacking in actual character that I just don't care. Just having a huge world does not make a good game, in fact it just highlights the lack of anything of interest or value within it.I've requested a refund. Sniper Elite 4 is a massively better game - no open world and much better for it too."
76561198101436978,Recommended,460930,31921208,Posted: 23 May,all,Humbly,slightly better than the division and if you say this is nothing like the division youre lying to youre self most if not all of the guns are ported from the division animations and the such its not a really bad game but is also not very good.
,Not Recommended,460930,31893917,Posted: 21 May,all,Kana,"After I play this game, I suddenly realise that the story of Jesus walking above the water is real.update on 6/2/2017 The DLC is just a piece of trash, I'd rather spend money on the MASS EFFECT instead of this game. Regret a lot now because the DLC still doesn't give u all the guns availlable in the main story and u get much well equiped uni-dad to fight with. Story is SH-IT AS HELL btw"
,Recommended,460930,30384930,Posted: 7 March,all,U mess with crabo u get a stabo,Lots of explosions.
76561197996203382,Recommended,460930,32139018,Posted: 2 June,all,relsef,"The most fun I have had game plalying in a long, long while.  A hoot with friends!  I seriously wonder about people who don't like this game.  To each his own."
,Recommended,460930,32138578,Posted: 2 June,all,QB3CKX,Ridiculously fun game blew everything up first time I played it ten went to unidad and began shooting at their base causing havoc and fear.
,Recommended,460930,32068728,Posted: 30 May,all,draft.punk,"An open world bigger than GTA, the freedom and tools to play however you choose, and a military style campaign make for a great game with endless fun - espeically with friends.  You can be as quiet, stealthy and as tactical as you want, or you can run, gun, and explosive your way through the cartel.  Either way, you're going to have fun.  I've been more hours into this game over a shorter amount of time than any game I've played in a long time.On top of that it's probably the best looking game I've ever played - especially in terms of environment, atmosphere and weather.If you liked the old Mercenaries games, buy this game."
,Recommended,460930,32074488,Posted: 30 May,all,Jack of All Trades,"I'm bringing some honesty into view here. I only played 52 hours of the game in which I never played online a single time. I completed the main story with a 97% completion rate so I think I covered the most important aspects of the game.Pros- Graphics are amazing if your computer is beefy enough.- Movement and animations are top notch for the player.- Story was interesting.- This game was free with my GPU and I did NOT pay for it.Cons- NVIDIA added an option for another one of their gimp works which I wouldn't recommend.- Story missions are mostly snatch and grab or just assasinate.- Vehicle and helicopter controls should be redone.- I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when I discovered my 1080ti ""4K gaming card"" couldn't keep a number north of 60fps at ultrawide 1440p due to sub-par optimization by the developer.I played this game at 3440x1440p and floated between 45-90 frames per second depending on what I was doing. My settings were the ultra preset with medium shadows and no ground effects (Nvidia gimpworks). My system contains an i7-4790, 32gb Ram @ 1600mhz and a 1080ti 11GB.Conclusion: One of the better Ubisoft games since Far Cry 3 and exactly what I had wished the Divsion was supposed to be. You better come packing a GPU with at least 4GB of VRAM or better."
,Recommended,460930,30496750,Posted: 13 March,all,Reil,Visceral shooting--easily the best in its genre.Sublime co-op.Suitable opportunities for recon.Suitably tense stealth.Well-designed bases/cities/terrain-in-general. Well designed map.Adequate plot.----Poor friendly AI.Inconsistent AI detection.Can't move bodies.Helicopters overly frequent.No checkpoint reset button.No new game plus.
76561198287946272,Recommended,460930,30509306,Posted: 14 March,all,topsidemule,I have to say this is a fun game gameplay is awsome and playing with FRIENDS is so much fun.  Your going to have those TROLLS that give it a bad review  Good JOB UBISOFT
,Recommended,460930,30508803,Posted: 14 March,all,R O M A N,"A well polished open-world sandbox with the potential to do anything!StoryIt's nothing extra-ordinary or mindblowing, it's not bad either. It plays along just enough to not be too intrusive or to let you down. Considering it's open-world, the story is non-linear. You can choose to progress through it from which ever angle you want.GraphicsThe graphics are really good, the environment is very well thoughtout, textures are nice and sharp, models are high-quality, level of detail is incredible, lighting and shaows are excellent.GameplayIt feels great, there are a lot of ways to approach different situations. A lot of rewarding collectibles and side-missions. The stealth element is better than a lot of games and a lot more realistic than a certain ubisoft stealth creed franchise. Think FarCry stealth with Ghost Recon tactical elements.The game is fun and I've only been playing solo. There's a good variation of vehicles but I will say this, Helicopter manuvering is absolutely horrid. I should also mention I'm playing with a controller until I hop online for the upcoming PvP. Some of the missions are pretty repetitive, similar to other Ubisoft games... FarCry, Assassins Creed, Watchdogs. I feel for this particular game it seems to be implemented better because of the many different ways to approach situations, unlike Assassins Creed where they feel slapped on just to fill a world.This game also has many potentials. The driving physics feel absolutely arcade-ish, as if The Crew and Watchdogs combined their driving systems. It's weird but you can get used to it. But it would be pretty awesome if they could include Single-Player and PvP racing matches such as Rally, Time Trial, Checkpoints, Driving Gun Fights, Motorcross races, helicopter races, etc..Maybe if they took some stuff from The Crew Wild Run and brought it over here, that would be incredible too.Other modes would be great too, there is a good variety of wild-life, weapons and woods! Singleplayer or PvP hunting and crafting missions would really bring a whole new dimension to this game. Something similar to how Far Cry 3 and Assassins Creed 3 did.I am really looking forward to the PvP."
,Recommended,460930,30507334,Posted: 14 March,all,Dan,"After 58.5 hours of solo play with no coop the story holds interest if a little grindy toward the end, multiple endings is a fun little time sink, though the ""Good"" ending will be the Canon ending going forward.The Production Quality is undeniable it's gorgous.(Word of Warning - Multiple GPU Support is there, after a patch(1.15) but there is still some incidence of artifacting)Collectables are a big part unfortunatly you'll spend alot of time in vehicles not fighting AI alot just collecting stuff."
76561198080163895,Recommended,460930,30509803,Posted: 14 March,all,DoomRaptor,"Heres my list of pros and cons from playing GR Wildlands:Pros:- One of the biggest open worlds, probably bigger than planetside 2 or witcher 3- Variety of missions and bases (although can be repetitive sometimes)- Coop is way more fun and is a must when you buy this game.- Many ways to approach combat (stealth, loud, mixed, or just commanding AI with sync shot)- Beautiful landscape, wildlife, and good looking graphics (you would need a beast computer to run at somewhat high settings)- Fun exploration for collecting skill points, weapon parts, documents, etc.- Pretty good customization options for your character.- Has plenty of humor, but its even better with friends (getting run over by a civ car out of nowhere, lol)- Can be challenging, if going loud.- Plenty of tools to use in your arsenal (drones, motar strikes, vehicle deployment, rebel support, grenades, noisemakers, etc.)- Commanding options for teamates, both for singleplayer and coop.Cons:- Bugs, there can be freezes and frame drops occasionally.- Boring story, basically is this: kill the drug lord with his drug lords, save bolivia, wohoo.....- Can't even remember the names of the characters in the beginning couple of hours into the game.- Sometimes Repetitive, especially when you come across delivery missions...however locations can somewhat make it differently not too repetitive.- Driving is way better from the beta but it can be a little slippery when driving.- Can easily spot enemies and know where they are from corners, I can rush stealth too easily.- Helicopter mechanics feels somewhat weird...Overall score: 7.5/10Wildlands is a great game if you play with friends on coop. If you are a fan of MGSV, buy it. If you like stealth, buy it. If you like open world and collecting stuff, buy it. However there is no story, somewhat not challenging when stealthing, and vehicles can be crap."
76561198046960702,Recommended,460930,30494999,Posted: 13 March,all,RossMcSauce,"TL ; DR - A really fun, immersive squad shooter in a beautiful open world. It lacks the polish it'd need to be a truly great game, but I reall enjoyed it, even at full price. I'd say 8/10.What I liked:Guns feel deadly. Even a single goon with an AK will drop you in a moment if you're not paying attention. This, paired with the tendency for things to quickly get overwhelming once the alarms start buzzing, really adds to the tension and rewards patient, careful play.The world is gorgeous. I'll admit, I'm a sucker for scenic vistas, and the gorgeous backdrops really immersived me in Bolivia.Plenty of content! I'm hoping they will continue to ramp up the challenge by giving enemies more tricks up their sleeve. I've played about 10 hours at the time of writing and don't really feel things getting stale.What I didn't:Lack of polish pretty much sums it up. Like just about every game in this vein (Far Cry, Just Cause), it suffers from some rough edges that prevent it from reaching its full potential. Facial animations? Maybe Witcher 3 spoiled me, but look away!I didn't experience any issues with lag or crashing - but I'm on a fairly beefy rig (GTX1070, i7 @ 4.3Ghz, Samsung SSD), but clearly this is an issue for some. Utilize Steam's return policy if this is the case.Squad AI is good, but not great. I love the sync shot, and for the most part they do what I want without getting in the way. They provide some great moments, but occasionally they can be a little dumb and I've ""pierced the veil"", by which I mean, seen the game engine force things like sync shots that couldn't possibly come from any of my teammates, or enemies just standing there watching me be revived, patiently waiting to resume firing.All in all, if you enjoyed Far Cry, Just Cause, and want something a little less Rambo and a little more Arma - then this is the buy for you."
76561198349259478,Recommended,460930,30521994,Posted: 15 March,all,betav3,good but price is high in india....
,Not Recommended,460930,30395983,Posted: 8 March,all,Darkening Demise,Yeah....its awful.
76561198039843216,Recommended,460930,31733727,Posted: 13 May,all,Ares,"WOULD be a great game if!... I COULD JUMP!!! WTF game devs?!?!? you don't think JUMPING is needed?? ITS A NATURAL HUMAN ABILITY! ever tried clearing a gap in Real Life?? im not getting into the OBVIOUS reasions JUMPING is needed...Morons! Also voice chat is AUTO by default?? are you serious??? you realize not everyone plays with headphones rite? I dont need to hear what my teamate hears while im trying to locate something! ALSO has any of the game devs flown a heilcoptor before?? FYI.. LOOK AT ANY OTHER FLIGHT SIM! ITS NOT A CAR! Dont just make up how you think it works! there is a flight control system in place that has beed perfected, use it! then maybe people can fly. Then you have the AI Issue, so your telling me a Heilo can spot me wearing a gillie suitt hiding in a bush on easy mode?If the above issues were to be addressed this game would be one for the record books. but there were too many stupid mistakes made for me to recomend this. This game reminds me when COD nearly killed their franchise in one game. I've never seen so many rookie mistakes made by a AAA title game before.. just a fail! patch the game and act like this isnt your first game PLEASE"
,Recommended,460930,32071879,Posted: 30 May,all,Danki,"The game in itself is okay, gets repetetive real fast tho.The DLCed is a scam in my eyes, you have to create a new ghost with a set loadoutand are set back to lvl 20 (if you had already maxed out to 30)IThe DLCs are NOT worth getting IMO, the main game is worth getting a on a sale.Im recommending the main game, NOT the dlcs..."
,Recommended,460930,32143475,Posted: 2 June,all,DaCrazyDingo,"OK So. I like it and i hate it... It has a wierd duality.Pros-Open worldAn enjoyable game for a few hours at a time. Similar to Far Cry 3 or Just Cause.Looks decentAllows pretty much straight up freedom to approach missions areas however you want.Decently large gun selectionA decently told story that isn't bad (but isn't outstandingly amazing either)Cons-The AI is seriously stupid. Can't my team to engage or cover my back or do anything unless I stop in mid combat and micromanage them. Enemies are even stupider.Driving ... oh my god. I didn't know you could make driving dynamics this bad. Heavy♥♥♥♥♥APCs that slide all over the road, pick up trucks that can't corner and the clunkiest helicopter since BF:Vietnam. Oh an EVERYTHING is made of tissue paper. Touches a rock barely - Car looks like it was hit by a train.Magical appearing enemies. I can NOT stress this enough. I approach, clear an entire area and then make my move on a target and BAM four or five enemies behind me. Very much like a four star chase in GTA.Gun availability. - US Special forces are deployed to a foreign country. No access to STANDARD NATO guns. M249, M4A1, SR-25 or anything. then you have to go to some of the most heavily guarded places in the game to get them. BUT hey I can unlock a cool gold and wood skin for them!Overall I like the game as a whole but man there are some seriously frustrating things. Like the $100 I spent on it only to be told that there is like another $40 worth of content I can't have unless I buy it.... paywall. wow. Also the DLC is not outstanding by any means and does not augment the main story or your character."
76561198030136732,Recommended,460930,30442185,Posted: 11 March,all,毘沙門天,really fun to fool around in the massive world even if the story is not very exciting
76561198101580222,Recommended,460930,32454196,Posted: 15 June,all,The Donald,Great game to play with friends :)
76561198024740626,Not Recommended,460930,32383219,Posted: 13 June,all,BrickHead,"Game is generally fine but after 10 hours play time game started to crash when i open the game map. I googled it its a well known issue and some players still having this problem. This is a little problem for ubisoft, therefore they never bother to fix this bug, but because of this problem i cant play the game, 59$ goes to garbage, steam doesnt give a refund because of 10hour play time. Let me to be cleare, ""I AM BUYING ORGINAL GAMES TO NOT BOTHER THIS KIND OF STUPID THINGS"". Today I realise that there is still that chance how to deal with bugs, crashes on orginal games. So why I bother to buy orginal games, money is thing that you have to earn. So game isnt working for me, so ubi dont deserve my money. Let finish with a joke;Why EA worst gaming company in USA? -Because Ubisoft in France"
,Recommended,460930,32462230,Posted: 15 June,all,Haunted,"Fun tactical open world coop shooter. Lots of guns and attachments to collect, interesting story missions, and a cool drone scouting mechanic. People say that you need a squad to play but I enjoyed most of the game solo. 8/10 very good game."
76561198064767216,Recommended,460930,32457903,Posted: 15 June,all,GhostFaceKilla,"Best ghost recon game ever. The Gameplay is amazing. It looks absolutely fantastic. It can get tedious and repetitive at time but if it does, just jump online and join some random people online just start doing missions together and random stuff. You'll have a blast."
,Recommended,460930,32456291,Posted: 15 June,all,Hewey55,"I think the game is very fun, I believe it would more fun with friends but thats just me. Overall pretty fun, good game to play, if you like most Ubisoft games."
,Not Recommended,460930,31233510,Posted: 19 April,all,Ho0dieNinja,"You are like special forces for CIA manipulating South American Countries for political reasons.Exploiting the locals for their resources just like the cartels except unlike the cartels you have NO relation to any of the locals or their causes.  I'm not even really sure you are CIA, you might be just a Mercenary or Private Military.  It's unsure as there are no ranks or ensignias.  This is definately a black op.  You just maniplutate and use Rebels for your own gain while at the same time ravaging their country side.  Pillaging their only valuable resources keeping them forever in porverty and ignorance.  Ensuring we are the strongest in the world.It's pretty good in that wayAfter playing this game, I'm pretty sure this is a complete black op.  Not even sure the group you're working for is really American.  They have♥♥♥♥♥♥resources, and the op is completely self substained.  Meaning we are just taking the money in the name of Justice and liberty.  Even though we have no intention in bringing freedom or democracy to these countries as this isn't an official operation.   They can't use tax payer dollars and I really doubt Congress approved this."
76561198150302666,Recommended,460930,30532701,Posted: 15 March,all,Mobile,"Honestly, I thought that I would get bored very easily, but i was wrong. it is very beautiful, i can easily hit 60-70 fps at max graphics, which definitely made things more enjoyable At first I just went around collecting the new guns and upgrades, and tried to max skills out before doing missions which made it more fun to use the weapons i actually like. After completely beating the cartel and trying both endings, and finishing the dlc missions, i don't know what to do anymore. this is a lot like far cry, just way more team oriented and stealth oriented, its more realistic, but still has the feeling of you can go in guns blazing, or you can pick off target from far away and go unnoticed. overall its a great game, but i feel that it gets too repetitive in the side missions and rebel upgrades, just the same mission over and over but in a different location. it has a great diverse open world feel, but after exploring a certain area, it can get boring. in the end i loved it, i maxed stats, finished the cartel and dlc, all thats left is collecting gun upgrades"
,Recommended,460930,30379901,Posted: 7 March,all,Wobbel,Buying this is a no-brainer. BUY IT.And don't buy Narco Road. It's pure bs.
76561197973122360,Not Recommended,460930,31525855,Posted: 3 May,all,Enigma,"I was pleasantly surprised by the attention to detail that the game offers.  However, Ubisoft simply recycled far cry and gave it a militry skin. The AI is God Awful!!!!!!  the only enemy tactic is to bum rush you shooting from the hip with incredible accuracy. The cover system is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ You are suppose to be able to pop up and aim over cover but that rarely works. When it does you have to spend precious time getting your guy positioned JUST right so that the arrow appears that allows you to aim over cover. I respect the scale of the game and the covert ops feel. However, taken as a whole it is a low budget far cry remake that they have tweeked to add features from their other titles. There is nothing new nor inventive. Another company trying to make easy quick money!I will say the first several hours of the game has a pleasent feel to it but once you play enough to get a good grasp of the mechanics (peek behind the curtain so to speak) you will be disappointed!!"
76561198193846291,Recommended,460930,31809436,Posted: 17 May,all,..................,wow.best game ever
76561198024773283,Recommended,460930,30436347,Posted: 10 March,all,dibydiby62,still runs amzing for me 1440p 143hz
,Recommended,460930,31888721,Posted: 21 May,all,Kryptosix,this is probably my favorite game
76561198018257779,Recommended,460930,31892539,Posted: 21 May,all,Enxy,"Fun to play with people, gets boring fast when playing alone."
,Recommended,460930,31918745,Posted: 23 May,all,✘Riber✘,Really fun game! :)I'm really enjoying it with my friends
76561198073968129,Recommended,460930,32020450,Posted: 28 May,all,jimisouth10,It is epic. It takes me back to playing the old Tom Clancy' s.  I CAN NOT play on anything but hard core.
76561198199382549,Recommended,460930,32020595,Posted: 28 May,all,PrimeOne,"Great , fun game..However there are a few things I didnt like.1. The team wouldn't have to worry about Apache dropping lead on you. (If it fly's we kill it).2. Body armor on enemies wouldn't matter. We would know this and us right ammo.3. Running around a foreign country to find weapon upgrades. Team would have the best of the best before our boots touched the ground.4. Rebels would take outpost after we cleared them.Spoiler Alert dont read if you haven't finished game.5. Rebels would never turn there guns on you.they would have been told upfront if they did we would kill them all."
76561198101235074,Not Recommended,460930,30383465,Posted: 7 March,all,Devilmaycare,"the ingame store is acturally rly cheap. Changed my review to bad because of the nacro road dlc, the most terrible thing ever happened to Ghost Recon series."
76561198025469739,Recommended,460930,32034116,Posted: 28 May,all,Kith,"Initially it's fun. But after a few missions I felt the need to do other things. Drive off cliffs. Dive off cliffs. Take a van of captured sicarios on a scenic drive. After getting the first ending and being told I needed to complete more than 100% ,I felt no need to do the other ending. You're not going to find a Ghost Recon game here. But you may still have fun with it doing everything else."
76561197966986156,Recommended,460930,31431618,Posted: 28 April,all,AH64_Jimbo,"After a long and irksome download & install, this game repeatedly crashed upon attempting to start a single player campaign. Tweaked video settings to no avail. So very disappointed.UPDATE: Built a new gaming rig that is more than twice as powerful than my old system. Even though the old system met the game's minimum specs, the game would not play correctly.Played over a hundred hours, and have been enjoying Ghost Recon: Wildlands.PROS: Fun, fast-paced action. Easy-to-use squad commands. Great combat system. Huge, wonderfully detailed open environment.CONS: Resource-intensive game. Vehicle handling is pretty bad."
,Recommended,460930,30458204,Posted: 11 March,all,Marc,Good game
76561198057755677,Not Recommended,460930,31200902,Posted: 17 April,all,BirbMemes,"I will edit this as I continue in the game. I preordered the gold edition of this game 10 minutes before it launched and sadly between a vacation and the temptation of CSGO and Rainbow Six Siege I have not played as much as I would like but I have noticed a few things.1. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are the graphics incredible. The size of this game's world should make the graphics struggle a bit but they are actually beautiful.2. It can be a tad bit repetitive and dull if you do not have a squad to play with. Only one friend of mine bought it and he rarely plays it so I'm doing a LP by myself and I usually can't play more than two hours a day because the squad AI is bad and the missions can be repetitive.3. The story has some issues. I'm not gonna spoil anthing but the story is not the best. (TBH it doesn't matter too much)4. It's long. I'm only 9 hours in and I've only completed a tenth or so of the massive campaign. I haven't even been doing side missions or exploring for guns and stuff. (You should, you need side missions to get skills, I'm just trying to get through it so I can get back to Borderlands 2.)To sum it up:Pros:GraphicsMultiplayer GameplayOpen WorldLots of weaponsNeutrals:Meh Plot lineCons:Semi-repetitive story missionsCrappy AIRepetitive af."
76561198126166192,Recommended,460930,31984469,Posted: 26 May,all,강간,"If steam offered a meh rating, this is what I would give the game. Its a cool concept and a fun game, but doesnt really offer anything new to the market. That doesnt mean its a bad game, it just may not entertain someone as long. COOP makes the game much more fun, as exploration and taking out bases with a friend is much more enjoyable. Gameplay is fun, but overall story is bland, and the real fun comes in when you explore, upgrade weapons and enjoy the game with a friend. I would reccomend this on a steam sale."
76561198123987153,Not Recommended,460930,32002970,Posted: 27 May,all,YoloSwagginInABox,"ahhh i could of guessed it was an ubisoft game, story is decent, full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ filler missions. Like kill this person or get this thing and return it to the rebels blah blah. For me it was good at first i guess but i think i was just still high off of excitement of the initial release. The only part of the game that was sort of enjoyable to play with was the co op. The grpahics in the trailer looked much higher quality than what i saw (BTW i have a gtx 1070 with a intel core i7 6700k and max settings) after the release i would still call thegame unfinished. In conclusion pretty much any ubisoft game."
76561198079382252,Recommended,460930,32006870,Posted: 27 May,all,joshua0306,"I really enjoyed the base game.  That being said the Narco road expac is in poor taste.  I already have GTA V, I don't need a wanna be taking a stab at it with a DLC.The base game was great and upping the difficulty made it even more fun on the play through.  How you execute a mission can be pretty much up to the player, guns blazing or stealth, which I really enjoyed.  There are some missions that require stealth but they are few and far between."
76561197998328977,Recommended,460930,31757352,Posted: 14 May,all,reemocin,"Good game worth its money, but not great.PositiveGood graphics and sound. Smooth as silk on my machine.Unrealistic car and bike handling, but it works for me.Lots of weapons, lots of upgrades. There's something for every playstyle.Huge open world to admire; but probably too big for its own good (hence te need for repetative gameplay.Not many bugs, and the bugs that I've had were not game breaking. The worst I had was a mission target hiding under a table where I couldn't reach him to talk to ... so I couldn't end my mission ... I shot him to reset the mission.OkayRepetative mechanics; in every province you basically need to play the same side missions. I can live with that (as long as I do not play too long at a time), but you might not.Great skill customization, but locked behind resource gathering that is too slow. You'll end up having more than enough skill points but not enough resources to unlock skill X that you reallly want. So you hope that the game will spawn a convoy with that resource ... which it 'naturally' will not do when you need it.Workable team and rebel AI. Okay enemy AI.The story is passable.NegativeHorrific plane and helicopter handling; so bad that you'll avoid flying as much as possible.Bad civilian AI."
,Recommended,460930,31229792,Posted: 18 April,all,Ginger Ninja,"Amazing graphics. Great gameplay. Definitely a positive experience, but even on highest difficulty level this game is too easy and doesn't have enough variety. Hundreds of missions means playing the same few types of mission over and over and over with slight increases in difficulty. Automotive mechanics kinda suck. Love coordinating with the AI team for initial snipes & kills, but they're pretty much useless after that."
76561198144420070,Not Recommended,460930,30653909,Posted: 21 March,all,BigCheif710,This is a very boring and useless game
,Recommended,460930,31039217,Posted: 9 April,all,Inx43,good but be aware that inn the end theres nothing to do but roam bolivia
,Recommended,460930,30410598,Posted: 9 March,all,[L²] Bark [LIVE on ECR],"Horrifying port. I have a 1060 and a 4670k and the game is stuttering like mad and freezing, tried on lowest possible settings same issue once they fix it ill reccomend but for now completely unplayableEdit: Patches released for Quad core CPUs (specifically i5) much better game"
76561198062252782,Recommended,460930,31055123,Posted: 9 April,all,TheBeast,"This game is awesome. The guns, the team, the environment, the story, the mechanics, etc. Mostly 10/10.One problem though, Unidad needs to calm the ♥♥♥♥ down. One time I was just sitting on a patch of grass and they shot me. They're worse than the cartel."
76561198132230485,Recommended,460930,31054933,Posted: 9 April,all,Mr.SANDMAN,nice co-op why not PVP???
,Recommended,460930,31284536,Posted: 21 April,all,Battle Buddhist,"Beautiful and a lot of fun, story a bit silly, but i dont need a good reason to murder cartels in hi-fidelity. 9/10"
,Recommended,460930,31285027,Posted: 21 April,all,nayr2012,"An experimental mashup of Ubisoft playgrounds. A little bit Division, a little bit Farcry. And with the Narcos Road DLC introduces a more zany Watch Dogs 2 atmosphere.Best played with friends in Coop.Wildlands has it's shortcomings, but overall is a fun game with frequent updates that will keep you coming back for more."
,Recommended,460930,31289272,Posted: 21 April,all,MBC | DecTech,"This game is great! It also looks great with a HUGE world and it's great! They nailed the motorcycle driving, but the car driving isn't quite as great it isn't a bad driving experience though. The customization is incredible with everything except for the face. You can customize every part of a weapon and paint each part a different color if you wish and there are presets as well. The campaign mode is great and especially in co-op. I often find myself messing around in co-op and it can be hilarious. So is this game worth $60? For sure! If you are into these types of tactical and exciting shooter games then this is for you!"
76561198006866444,Recommended,460930,31287549,Posted: 21 April,all,Cha$eY/ Took over Friar''s,"I really am happy with this game. It has a lot of depth to it, and is very enjoyable."
76561198252619496,Recommended,460930,31284660,Posted: 21 April,all,DaZed,IT is a fun game with many flaws and i dont like having 3 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that dont want to revive me and i would also like to be able to play alone. those three idiots keep ruining everything. the driving is realy wonky and feels realy static to me.
,Recommended,460930,31286377,Posted: 21 April,all,VEX.Wolf,"Very fun game, huge open world, fully-modable weaponry, one of the best games I have ever played. Definately my style, this may sound odd but I love games where you are law enforcement and get to play god, the only thing I wish was different was killing civillians. I understand why, but I think it is a little extreme. I like to kill civillians sometimes. The other thing I would recommend fixing is when you hit civillians with cars. There is only occasionally a thud sound, and it doesn't always kill or hurt them like it should. One other thing I would recommend is adding the ability to down enemies without killing them. That would add to the asthetics of the game. This game has great mechanics, and overall beautiful graphics. I have to say, I am very impressed."
,Not Recommended,460930,30750484,Posted: 26 March,all,mango.xis,"First, I have to say I really enjoy the game. Yes, I know GRW is no perfect. It need a massive update.BUT,""enjoy the ultimate military shooter experience"" ?The new DLC is a joke.And please focus on PVE !!!"
,Recommended,460930,31279649,Posted: 21 April,all,LegendaryGeek1,"Well where to start with this one. I wish there was such a thing as a neutral review. It's best I just post the pros and cons I guess.PROS:Great graphicsDirectional sounds are outstanding.Decent storylineWeapon mechanics are also a pleasurethe need for tactics is a must!CONS:Flying controls with keyboard is horribleStill a few bugs that need to be worked outVehicle handling in general is not goodOverall I would recommend this because I know that Ubisoft will eventually address the bugs but as I said, I wish there was a neutral rating. I may re-visit this review in time."
,Not Recommended,460930,30402155,Posted: 8 March,all,Whiterun Guard,"I'm having fun with it actually! but....those some new stuffs that can't be customized, lot of stuttering after some patches, lame story and gameplay.....thx ubi :')"
76561198361213624,Recommended,460930,31276250,Posted: 21 April,all,camlee807,I do truly love this game there are so many good mechanics in it the way it handles is good the way it gets you weapons good the way the characters talk to each other is authentic. but damn *spoiler* there a so many bits of this game which i feel so bad about. your character can be so brutal and at one point youre tailing a guy youre supposed to kill whilst he calls his daughter... kinda heartbreaking. but yes very good game
76561198010514219,Recommended,460930,31270433,Posted: 21 April,all,= Mike =,Best GTA ever !!!00!!!
,Recommended,460930,32397703,Posted: 13 June,all,Sergeant Hamlet,"It's okay. It's not the greatest game in the world, but it isn't completely terrible."
,Recommended,460930,32420466,Posted: 14 June,all,loxalot,"Friends convinced me to get this game so I did323 hours played thus far (including DLCs) and I enjoyed it.I generally don't like third person shooters but I do like this one (and other Clancy games).There are issues with the game but they don't effect the playing, enjoyment, entertainment and fun. I, and many others, have posted on the UBI forums with lists, photos and videos of the bugs and they are slow to fix them. I won't list them here, see the UBI forums for tech support to find out which ones are not fixed. Some bugs and glitches are more prevelant on lower end PCs (crashes, video stopping, etc.). Be very cautious before purchasing this game if your PC does not meet the Recommended System Requirements - the Minimum does not work depending upon HDD type and space, RAM type (not just how many GB). Processor speed, video card RAM (VRAM) as well as other factors. Check the UBI forums for bugs and other issues related to common PC hardware issues. One of my friends did have an issue with the game loading. Later he found out that even though he had enough RAM (8GB), it wasn't enough. The devs apparently didn't think to list what type of RAM is required, only the amount. It seems that even with 16GB of RAM people have issues if the RAM is not at least DDR3 2133.When I first installed and started the game I set all video to maximum. Thsi proved to be a problem. I kept having video pauses, major fluctuations in FPS and occasional game crashes (before the updates. After the first major update I no longer had game crashes). I changed my settings based on the usage meter at the bottom of the video quality settings page and that seemed to help a lot. I still have had some video pausing but not as long and generally only within the first 5 minutes of playing during each session.  The Fallen Ghosts DLC had some major issues with what the game developers call God Rays. I had to turn them way down just to be able to see in game. It only affected Fallen Ghosts, not Wildands or Narco Road.The devlopers put a ton of time into this game. The scenery is awesome! Plenty of foliage of different varieties, paved roads, gravel and dirt roads, snow, desert, mountains, valleys, rivers, streams, lakes, short and tall trees, grasses, boulders and large rocks, trains, skydiving, ponds, streams, lakes, a large dam, many types of vehicles (which you can drive), plenty of enemies (too many sometimes) and lots of fun. While making any game look very good, anyone is bound to miss things and that's where the bugs happen, but again they are not major.This game is addictive. At first I wasn't into it but it dragged me in. Every day at work all I thought about was Wildlands. I've finsihed everything in Wildlands and all current DLCs. Now I want more.Some areas are extremely difficult while others are fairly easy. Of course that depends upon your difficulty setting. Most of my time in this game have been on Average but I did create a new character and played that one only on Advanced. I have yet to try the game from the start on Extreme, mostly because I'm afraid it will make me want to stop playing it.I'm not a very good gamer but I do enjoy a good game. To me this is a good game and I would play it again and again as long as they keep making quality DLCs or additions to the main game. There are things I wish they would change, like the bots during single player mode: they are stupid so I'd make them either an option or make them smarter. They aren't stupid in the sense that they aren't needed, the bots are literally stupid. They can't do anything without you telling them to; they revive you when enemies are still within sight; they shoot through mountains and still hit their targets; they can't aim to save their lives; they can stand directly in front of an enemy and neither the bot nor the enemy will fire on each other until you shoot.Single player or co-op mode. A few issues: as I said above, the bots are stupid. In single player mode you are the only real player, every other character in the game is a NPC, including your bots, so it's you and 3 bots for a total of 4. In co-op mode it's you and up to 3 friends. If it's just you and one friend, it's just 2 players, no bots. If the bots were smarter it would be nice if they would round out the team of 4.Weapons: Sniper yes. CQB yes. Bullet drop yes. Wind affects bullets no. Penetration yes, some weapons. Suppressors yes, some weapons. Fully auto yes, some weapons. Lots of gun variety / types yes. Shotguns yes. Grenades, flashes, mines, C4 and more, yes. You can carry up to 3 weapons at one time. Generally it's a sniper, an auto and a pistol but you can have 2 autos or 2 snipers. You can only have one pistol and you cannot have a third standard gun. You can have a drone which can do many things like heal teammates, blow up enemies or draw them in one direction. One DLC has a crossbow. One DLC also has a drone that shoots or creates a flash bang type event. Drones do have a distance limit which is annoying sometimes but is more realistic than allowing it to go for miles (it's a tiny drone that fits into your backpack).Challenges: They introduced a weekly challenge where you have to complete some things in single player mode to receive a bonus weapon, paint or other gift. This is difficult since the bots don't care what you tell them and do what they want. There has been at least one challenge that you must complete only if you have a registered team. These weekly challenges are nice and can be difficult which is a nice change of pace.Rebels: their main objective is to help you. They will give you vehicles, helis, mortar, enemy spotting and actual boots on the ground. Of course you have to move up in the levels and other areas to be able to use them. Alternatively they do get in the way and can cause problems when you are trying to be quiet and they just show up out of nowhere, unasked.DLCs: Narco Road is okay. Custom vehicles, new missions, new enemies new tasks. Fallen Ghosts is awesome and almost better than Wildlands itself, just a much smaller land area, unless they make it larger with new updates. (author's note: the season pass was a gift from a friend but Wildlands was purchased at full price.)I hope this reveiw helps at least one person.Not sure if Steam lists my PC specs so I'll list that so everyone has an idea of what I use:Windows 10 64 bitIntel i5 6600k, 3.5GHz Quad Core (generally runs around 20-30 degrees celcius)32GB DDR4 2133 Corsair Vengeance LPXSamsung 850EVO 500GB SSD M.2Western Digital Caviar Blue 1TB 7200RPM internal HDD (multiple drives)Asus GeForce GTX1080 8GB video card (single card)Corsair H100i 77.0 CFM Liquid CPU coolerAsus Maximus VII Hero ATX LGA1151 MotherboardCorsair 750D ATX Full Tower CaseCorsiar 650W 80+ Gold Certified Power SupplyCorsair AF140 140mm case fansCorsair Void 7.1 Channel Headset (best headset ever!)Logitech G500s Gaming MouseRazer Black Widow Chroma Wired Gaming KeyboardAcer XG270HU 27"" 144Hz Monitor - using Display Port"
,Recommended,460930,30661829,Posted: 21 March,all,WhiteSky_,"EDIT 6/7/2017they have added more sh*t to buy and added 5x as many bugs as there were in the beta. i dont know what the F*CK the devs or ubisoft thought was gunna happen, and this game had so much potential if they just kept the beta with a global chat + whisper feature.It seems like the only thing they have cared about since the release was getting the DLC out without fixing any of the minor bugs that existed, and now we have game breaking bugs ( link in comment ) and you are lucky to get a full 4/4 squad that will focus on the same objectives because so damn few people are available.new rating? 4/10. I no longer reccomend this game. fix your sh*t ubisoft, this is Unity2.0beautiful landscapes, detailed physics, amazing range of choice. the story though, and dialogue, are at some points darkly real, and the first of the two endings that you are likely to see shows the twisted corruption of not only the narco state but also of the american governments interaction with criminal organizations. I was a little nauseated after that cutscene when it sunk in how far the devs went to make the game realistic.Possibly my favorite game of all time, my only hope is that Ubisoft adds a global chat feature to find other players as well as fixing the occasional bug (drone and binocular bug, getting stuck in car windows, spawning vehicles in buildings). Its also decently easy to8/10"
,Not Recommended,460930,31405907,Posted: 27 April,all,Delta_Plays,"This is a pretty game, but the missions are so repetitive and dull it killed the game for me and my buddies within 60 hours. We cant even find the will to finish it thats how much we were completely disillusioned by this game once the hype wore down, for the price it is now on sale about $45 USD  its worth it and thats what the release price of the game should of been!"
76561198007386358,Recommended,460930,32353027,Posted: 11 June,all,Max1mu5,"GTA5 meets Special Ops. Great graphics, super easy to co op play. Not come across and bugs yet. Not a military sim, but I wasnt looking for that."
76561198320634713,Recommended,460930,32355736,Posted: 11 June,all,RashadTheRetarded,good game
76561198084683965,Recommended,460930,32357174,Posted: 11 June,all,n0pr0blemx,"This game is a military version of Far Cry.   So if you liked the last couple of Far Crys you will like this.  If you don't, you won't.  Both have very similiar feel and physics.  Both are open world.  Ghost Recon feels less linear in its plot lines and is much more beautiful.  The various climates....  Most visually stunning game to date.   The physics are a little whack at times but the overall look is going to be hard to top."
76561198044730338,Recommended,460930,32360355,Posted: 12 June,all,B33RPACK,Very fun game exactly what I was looking for.
,Recommended,460930,30527317,Posted: 15 March,all,✪Sheepish Mango✪,"The game is great, runs well even on an FX8350, had some stutters but that is due to my cpu as i have 16gb Ram and a GTX 1060 Windforce 6gb Gpu, unfortunatly i've had to resort to playing alone, but you miss out on the funny stealth AI playing multiplayer XD See the video and find out what i mean :Dhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khxk0TgKbXE"
,Not Recommended,460930,32265769,Posted: 8 June,all,Kizuna Ai,This game is not fun to playDLC for ONLY PALIMNU USER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,460930,32268184,Posted: 8 June,all,|~<GhoustiONE>~|,Really good open world game! Driving is little bad but the whole game is good.
,Not Recommended,460930,30367718,Posted: 6 March,all,็็็็็็,"another game ubisoft messed up, not worth the money for a game thats not finished and has bugs that are yet to be addresed since the launch"
76561198169686060,Not Recommended,460930,32607831,Posted: 20 June,all,We drink to Scotland!,This game is a hot pile of garbage.
76561198015891178,Not Recommended,460930,32612925,Posted: 21 June,all,Bone.,not enough content/ isnt fun solo
,Recommended,460930,31467490,Posted: 30 April,all,CiiMous,"ALTHOUGH It is so boring and repetitive after that you 've completed all the missions and collected all legendary items and files, I LIKE THIS GAME.VIVA UBISOFT!"
76561198007300718,Not Recommended,460930,32793723,Posted: 25 June,all,WsntMe,"Fantastic game, solo wise.  Online multiplayer... a nightmare, especially if you want to play with friends and not just a random group.  I am not sure why Ubi is using a NAT rated connection.  They have done this for Wildlands and For Honor.  It's ruined the experience for me.  Every other game I buy that is CoOp or Friends List only MP work as intended, so how can a company (Ubisoft) make such great games with real crappy MP experiences??If you want to get this for solo play - do so!  Very fun game, great graphics.  If you want to get it to play with friends... you've been warned."
76561198039029058,Recommended,460930,30379503,Posted: 7 March,all,Geterdone,I have over 100 hours in this game. Its a good game not a great game but good. You can play it however you want. It can take you 8 hours if you want to rush to the boss and get that ending or compelte everything. Its a great story amazing graphics and some history in the game.
,Not Recommended,460930,30423460,Posted: 10 March,all,SCUMFUCK!,It gets really boring. WHERE IS THE PVP YOU PROMISED?
76561198108507092,Recommended,460930,32707678,Posted: 23 June,all,Doc Ran,Fun game !
76561197999153181,Recommended,460930,31855278,Posted: 20 May,all,r@dek.pro,Awesome game with lots of updates that makes it better.
,Recommended,460930,31849806,Posted: 19 May,all,mathirae,"I really loved this game from the beginning. There have been lots of complaining as usual but I had much fun with it. The graphics are really incredible. I can´t believe all the work that has been done, creating this huge world. I think I had two crashes all the time playing. There has been minor weirdness going on, as getting stuck between rocks and such, but nothing major. They have fixed lots of things. 134 hours played and will continue playing it, even though I have finished all the main missions. I can really recommend it."
,Recommended,460930,31871997,Posted: 20 May,all,Acorn Porn,"I love this game but I can't help but feel like something is missing. It doesn't really feel like a ""Ghost Recon"" game to me. It's more like Just Cause 3 with a bit of Far Cry 3. It's lacking substance and it makes me bored really fast. But what's there is good, just not great. While it is a beautiful looking game; the terrain and enemy bases lack variety.Your AI buddies can't really be detected by enemies, and that is a bit of a buzzkill for me. Which is why I much prefer to play this online. I still reccomend this game. Even if your online buddies tend to do their own thing and completely ignore the missions you're doing."
76561198119870445,Recommended,460930,31820216,Posted: 18 May,all,Fire Away 307,"Brilliant game play, and awesome weapen model and custom details, nice game indeed.But first of all, u got find some teammates to co-op with u.The missions are kind of highly repetation. so if you play it alone, it would be a little bit boring.To have more fun, I highly recomend you to play it in a stealthy way.Even through fighting with your enemy head to head is an option in this game, but it will pretty much decrease ur gaming experience.As the trailler said ""Some are Soldiers, We are Ghosts""Good hunting, ghosts!"
76561197969605344,Recommended,460930,31827152,Posted: 18 May,all,Vandal,"It's a good game.  If you are expecting hardcore tactical realism, this is not your game.  Turn the HUD off and you can play reasonably tactical and the game is a lot of fun.  It's customizable to your liking and UBI should be given a lot of credit for that.If the thought of GTA V in a military theme interests you, you will like this game."
,Recommended,460930,31884094,Posted: 21 May,all,Iceymicdue,What an amazing game. First off i got 62 + hours in this game and i loved every minute of this game. It is very repetive game but like most games now it is still very fun. Takes a lot of computing power to run this game but in my case i was fine. I would recomend this game to anyone that loves third person shooters and a great story.
76561198107253006,Recommended,460930,31884543,Posted: 21 May,all,devilmayrize,"Base game is alot of fun its worth playing through with friends. Season pass? Dont buy it. Narco road is just a waste of time and money, only way I see of getting any value off of it is to play with friends and ignore the story. Fallen Ghost is going to make or break this game for me. Proud to say this is the last Ubisoft title I go all in on."
,Recommended,460930,31884685,Posted: 21 May,all,Tech22,"I LOVE this game! Although, it does get sort of repetative, it is very amazing! You will need insane specs to max this game out. I have a 6700k and a 1080 and I get 60fps avg maxed 1440p. The driving could be improved, but I find this game very enjoyable. If you like stealthy, tactical games - this is a great game for you."
76561198396121026,Recommended,460930,32886693,Posted: 27 June,all,s948702,its fine i would recommend but dont bay the season past
76561198190495793,Recommended,460930,32960966,Posted: 28 June,all,*The_Otter,Veri nice and gud game. veri stealth and niceness like batman without bats. 11/10
,Not Recommended,460930,32971051,Posted: 28 June,all,PapaRegz,"Most of my time on this damn game is at the main menu fixing the settings. The game crashes every 30 minutes I try to play it. It wont stop crashing. I have done everything I can to try to make it stop but nothing seems to work. Besides the frequent crashes, very good game and a great story,"
76561198280202288,Recommended,460930,30651464,Posted: 21 March,all,5fdp0585,Ive had Wildlands for a while now I just dont play every day only because I have so many other games in my library. But i absolutely love this game. I also have The Division which i also like a lot but I much more prefer Wildlands because enemies dont take a million rounds to kill an enemy like it does in The Division and you can truck any vehicle and fly planes and hellicopters whereas in The Division.....you just either walk or run lol.. Anyways the game play is awesome. Ive had a blast playing Wildlands. I LOVE playing solo the most because at times when id play online Id end up with some kids which i HATE because they either talk WAYY too much or are stupid and dont follow missions or fail missions and do their own thing. Sure Solo isnt the most fun but I quite enjoy it alot. I also love the freedom of going where and doing pretty much anything in the game. The AL team mates you have arent the greatest at times but unlike in Co-Op the AL actualy will fire and follow your commands and wont randomly shoot things and start a war which is a PAIN to end and you either barerly escape things or you die and start all over....UGH. Anyways the graphics are amazing and totally beautiful. The controls are great for what they are. No issues for me. I run a i7 4790K GTZ 970 4GB and i can get anywhere between 65-80 FPS ive never had a single crash. The game might stutter or slow down due to a lot of stuff on screen but 95% of the time ive played without any major issues. People who complain about the FPS or complain about the gameplay or this or that prob run a crappy toaster of a PC and then complain the game is crap and runs like crap. But anyways great game totally worth it.
76561198115257148,Not Recommended,460930,32974188,Posted: 28 June,all,AnDoSIS,"The game play is unfinished. Cars run over animal without any damage (if u know what i mean). Plus, the new update got my laptop crashed every 10 minutes. Please release an update to fix this! The issue did happen before the update, but just happen once or twice since I bought the game. With the update, my laptop crashed 3 times in an hour playing. Please release an update to fix it!"
76561198067192104,Recommended,460930,32599030,Posted: 20 June,all,ali mph,"FIRS OF ALL TO HELL WITH IN GAME MICROTRANSACTIONS,i know allof of people like to hate on ubisoft so they hate on this game but i think with watch dogs two this is one of the best games from ubisoft in the past few years, its Arma III but more casual and fun. less serious and sometimes thats a good thing, I work from 8AM till 8PM everyday, when I get home and I have few hours to relax to take my mind off all the♥♥♥♥♥♥in life I can use some not so serious games and this is one of them <3."
76561198100497056,Recommended,460930,32830540,Posted: 26 June,all,Beno,"hi guys,Can u plz help me with this game, in general I like it, but gathering the information across the map makes the game to frezze at a certain screen til i press my right click on the mouse, does anyone face like this problem before????"
76561198030510221,Recommended,460930,31862573,Posted: 20 May,all,lol ;;),Have Been playing this a alot and its  worth it even though i cant play with my friend coz of my NAT type but still i'm enjoying this game till now.
76561198166255412,Recommended,460930,31865116,Posted: 20 May,all,schaksta,"the last update made my game stop working everytime i select solo or online campain,which sucks butt,please fix:)"
76561198254202255,Recommended,460930,31863822,Posted: 20 May,all,ZeusHimself,"This is in regards to the base game, as I do not yet have the infamous Narco Road DLC.First off: The user experience is VERY different depending on whether or not you are playing by yourself or playing with friends.  The solo experience is good albeit not particularly exhilarating, but with friends? One of my favorite co-op experiences! Its fun having freedom to take differenct vehicles together, make little plans for your approach to the missions (even convoy side missions are awesome together), and the sandbox experience with have you all feeling a mix of sometimes badass as you stealthily infiltrate camps/coordinate targets/create diversions/prep getaway vehicles, while other times laughing when things go horribly wrong.Graphics: If you can max this out, it is breath taking. Ive never wanted to take so many screenshots of a game before.  It takes some serious power to crank it up, but given the open world nature of the game its to be expected.  It scales pretty well however, and will still look pretty with settings dialed back.Story: Wish I had paid attention in the beginning.  We skipped all the cutscenes cause we just wanted to play but by the end I started watching and wish I had been watching them all, because it seemed interesting.  So I cant 100% comment on this aspect.Audio: Sounds great. The ambient music perfectly fits the mood, and the guns sound powerful.  For example after a stealthy approach and getting used to the sound, firing your gun without the silencer on and hearing the meaty crack echo through the hills sounds fantastic.Customization:  The customization aspect is pretty interesting.  There are many clothing/appearance options and a bunch of weapion parts that affect stats in various ways.  There are also a respectable ammount of weapons per category, which are scattered throughout the world like the weapon parts are.  Additionally, you can acquire skill points an level up various categories from weapon handling, to your drone, to special perks you can call on your rebel friends for such as artilelry strikes and diversions.I bought this game when it was on sale a few weeks back for $47 I believe, and playing with a friend I definitely feel I got my money's worth in fun.  Also, there is an alternate ending after you beat the game so since gameplay is where it shines its cool to ""beat"" the game and still feel like you have something new to work towards.TL;DR: If you are looking for a great co-op experience with your friends and have at least a decent gaming rig this will provide hours of good fun for you and your mates.  Especially worth it if you can snag it on sale."
,Recommended,460930,31526471,Posted: 3 May,all,MajorMaccas,"I don't own the Narco's Road DLC, so this is purely for the base game.Overall, this is a tremendously fun tactical shooter.  Only spent 10 hours ingame so far, but I have completed the first region.Pros:Graphics - they don't make a game, but they really are stunning on ultraVery tacticalNice scalabilty on difficultyCons:Very sparse fast travel points, though I may have been spoiled by other games, sometimes a mission can just be out in the middle of nowhere and you have about 5 mins of travelling to do.Driving physics are pretty arcade, which isn't too bad as driving isn't really the focus of the game.AI Teammates can sometimes take a while to figure out you want them in the car... -.-As with most of the negative reviews of the first DLC, Narco's Road, it doesn't seem to belong in this game so I'm passing on it, but I can really recommend the base game."
,Recommended,460930,30601237,Posted: 18 March,all,EL SUPER BEASTO,"It's ok, but not something I would really recommend. The fun drops off quickly and what you're left with is mostly thin and aggrevating, but it's not a bad game in all. Ubisoft could make a great game along these lines, but instead it's kind of just reprocessed stuff from more popular current gen games, tied together with a few small bugs, and spat out the other end.Biggest drawback is squad management, it really sucks. Bullet velocity is way too slow as well, seems like everything is subsonic .22. The fact you can sync shot through barriers is outstandingly stupid, whatever rationale there is for it...there's none, it's stupid. At the end of the day, other things like the bugs/design with combat movement and the obsurd flight model make combat very frustrating in clutch situations, which is really where this game should shine the most. The writing and story in general is also awful, it borders on cringe.Biggest plus is the map and weapons configuration. The terrain is amazing, best I've seen in a game to date. The weapons each feel unique and the loadout/support menus are decently smart in a firefight. It's an ""OK"" game with an amazing map, nothing I would suggest a friend spend full price on, though."
76561198125009052,Recommended,460930,31523063,Posted: 3 May,all,Adam™,"Before rate this game iam say sorry because my bad engglish.This game its so cool,i love this ultra ghrapics play single player is realy good. Not bad to play Multiplayer because the balance ping and not lag if you play with bad connection. I love this game so much and recommanded to buy. 😊"
76561198331425998,Recommended,460930,30625332,Posted: 19 March,all,outerwings,"Possibly the GREATEST Video Game ever made!Ok now I know that what I'm going to write will be against a lot of (especially recent) 'popular' opinion but frankly I don't give a damn.Its cool to trash AAA developers like Ubisoft since they are the establishment. I get it.But the fact of the matter is Ubi managed to pull off something spectacular here. Almost 500 sq km of absolutely stunning next gen dense forests, awesome deserts and breathtaking sunsets, explore anyway you want. This is a huge 'technical' achievement. (A step in the right direction. Keep it up Ubi)Nothing comes close to the scale and scope of this title right now (and yes I've played GTA V and Just Cause 3)The attention to detail, the changing weather patterns, the look and feel of thunder and rain, the unbelievable draw distance, will make your jaw drop. I felt like taking a screenshot every 10 seconds (You can check them out on my profile page).So yes. If you're not a mouse and keyboard marine and understand that a game should be an experience that needs to have the realism and graphical fidelity to transport you to an alternative world then buy this. You won't regret it. If all you care about is shooting stuff, blowing things up or accomplishing virtual 'missions' then don't. Go and play Doom instead.But the mindset here seems to be no lets go give 'Neir Automata' a higher rating because its different and weird and japanese but if a mainstream developer takes out a good title lets♥♥♥♥♥♥on it!That doesn't help anyone"
76561198034577140,Recommended,460930,31499403,Posted: 1 May,all,RPS 12324,"While it has a Ghost Recon name, you might well be disappointed if you expect it to be like another Ghost Recon. This game is more like Watchdogs with more shooting and mountain road driving, and good thing because you have 3 AI controlled teammates in addition of other players to shoot for you while you drive."
76561198267491377,Not Recommended,460930,31497829,Posted: 1 May,all,Fade | Lliyo,"Sorry, I want a refund....... The game doesnt work for me. I cant run it"
,Recommended,460930,31500334,Posted: 1 May,all,Crazy Josh,"I absolutely love this game. This is just an amazing game, although the ending puts you in a certain kind of mood, but other than that the environment is well done and the story is kinda repetitive when it comes to the Rebel missions and supply missions. The customization of your player and weapon make this game worth the play if that's your thing. 9.5/10."
76561198064944641,Recommended,460930,31494715,Posted: 1 May,all,Mad_Machine,"I have not played any of the past Ghost Recon games so i can't compare them. Great enviroments, smooth graphics and all-around fun in both solo and co-op play."
76561198129731131,Not Recommended,460930,31497726,Posted: 1 May,all,Aztec303,Why did I buy this?
,Recommended,460930,31097927,Posted: 12 April,all,Iron Ferret,"Join us as we share our thoughts on Ghost Recon Wildlands. We discuss what we think are the positives as well as the negatives, and ultimately whether or not it is worth buying.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0QsROOTd44TL;DW. (Aw come on, its just 9 minutes)Co-Op it's one of the best experiences we've had, enjoyed it more than borderlands 2 which is saying alot."
,Recommended,460930,31447145,Posted: 29 April,all,My Parents Biggest Faliure,"Ghost Recon Wildlands: Becuase of the fail that The Division was in my eyes, i didn't know what i would get out of this game. So far i have put 8 hours in since purchasing it yesterday and i actually KINDA like it. My main gripes is that the driving physics suck♥♥♥♥♥and the story is a bit lack luster. Low framerate is also an issue, on a PC that can play everything from GTA V to the Witcher 3 on high settings around 60 fps, i only get 30 fps on medium/high-ish settings. all in all though i like this game, and ill be playing more."
76561198196628049,Not Recommended,460930,31043302,Posted: 9 April,all,Astrophysics,One word: PHYSICS
,Recommended,460930,33679466,Posted: 20 July,all,Bottom Fragger,"I love the open world type games and the steathly games, this game is a great combination of both."
,Recommended,460930,33271847,Posted: 5 July,all,ItzBrendan,"AWESOME! This game is super epic with friends playing co-op. We played for four hours straight! I highly recomend it! There are a few glitches but they were pretty funny so it made the game more interesting. The NPC's aren't the smartest but that doesn't really matter :P. This is more a stealth game and you may have do the mission a couple dozen times but that's ok, because the game needs thought involed. I recomend the tutorials because they can be super helpful we you need them.That's why I say that this is way better than Divison."
,Recommended,460930,32399466,Posted: 13 June,all,joeyk24,Great game with so many different ways of inflitrating enemy bases.
,Recommended,460930,30892963,Posted: 1 April,all,TSei-,"Quite a good game, Unidad is quite overpowered when on 5 partrol hunt"
,Recommended,460930,33670103,Posted: 20 July,all,Arafat40411,best open world ever
76561198093310663,Recommended,460930,33297885,Posted: 5 July,all,Croaton465,This is the most fun game ever!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198096527658,Recommended,460930,33534106,Posted: 14 July,all,TheLastChalupa,This game is very fun but scary i witnessed someone get molested.
76561198345183417,Recommended,460930,30518920,Posted: 14 March,all,w_h_o_d_i_n_i,The game it's self is repetitiveThere will be glitchesAnd there will be dumb momentsBut that's y we have friendsOnly play this game with friends and do urself a favor and stay a way from the dlc
,Recommended,460930,33546657,Posted: 14 July,all,evilfunky,"Ok so to begin with, I was about to recommend this game couse I actually like Tom Clancy games but after what happened, I am not quite sure about that. So I was raideing some ♥♥♥♥ers you know casually and then I thought that I am done with the game for now and turned off the game. Right after cliking the ""yes, I am sure I want to leave"" button a message appeared saying ""You are offline"" or some♥♥♥♥♥♥like this but I ignored it and shut it down. As I was waiting the game to be shut down, I noticed that it was taiking too long time to actually shut down and I had to CTRL-ALT-DEL the game. Later on that day I wanted to play it again but this time Easy Anti Cheat showed up and said ""♥♥♥♥ OFF YOU LITTLE PICE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥WE DON'T GIVE A ♥♥♥♥ THAT YOU PAYED 59.99 ABOUT THIS GAME, SOME ♥♥♥♥ING DATA IS MISSING AND YOU CAN' PLAY IT AND WE CAN'T REFUND IT COUSE YOU HAD ALREADY PLAYED ENOUGH HOURS !!!"" So I tough that I could fix the error (btw the error is 10011 so if you coul help me I would be thankful) and google it. Found out that many more people had this problem some of them which still got it. Some Admin in some support site about that error tryed to help me by suggesting me to check if all data is valid and not deleted but anything was ok and baisicly now I am    in a situation where I can't play one of my favourite games but also I can't get my money back.NICE.Oh and completely off the topic the only CON of the game I see is WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS WRONG WHIT THESE NPC/ENEMYS LIKE THEY ARE COMPLETELY ♥♥♥♥ED UP!======================================================================So apparently I fixed the crash thing and can run the game properly, but as I read the forums about crashes, there are still people that are ♥♥♥♥ed up and can't run the game and can't get a refund. WTF Ubisoft, get you♥♥♥♥♥♥together and fix that game."
76561198288324006,Recommended,460930,30669114,Posted: 22 March,all,collard.trist,It's a nice game
,Not Recommended,460930,33585284,Posted: 16 July,all,Guinea-Saurus Rex,"This game makes the division look like a damn simulation.i dont dislike this game but in all hounesty it doesnt feel very well designed at all the map its self has to be the only part of the game i feel they polished up on, Driving and flying is some of the worst iv done in any game to the point where even just cause feels more realisitic.the missions feel recycled and repetitive, the game's ai is some of the worst iv seen too, with them getting stuck in a loop of getting in and out of the same car and the fact they stay so far behind you, you feel like you dont actually have an AI Squad.Either way i will be completing this because i want to see the overly disapointing ending people have told me about."
76561198132117820,Recommended,460930,33576095,Posted: 15 July,all,DaNumba1Pimp,good
76561197982877381,Recommended,460930,31832248,Posted: 18 May,all,Dethstarr,"There is a lot to like about this game. It is reasonably open. Which for me is massive.  It has a reasonably nice looking environment.   It really does look quite nice but not so much that it really wows you except in terms of how badly it runs.Even on extremely overclocked 1080TI.  The frame rates are all over the place and it seems that SLI doesnt really work even now.  Which is a shame as it could really do with all the extra help it can get to work smoothly.  I find the performance issues actually get in the way of gameplay fairly often and are one of the primary reasons for the thumbs down.   I realise this is as much Nvidia's fault as the game designers however, nothing stopping them using mGPU and cutting out Nvidia.   Not that DX12 mGPU seems to be very good so far, it would be better.Having said that, it is quite open and the environment is interesting enough to keep trying.  The way you have to actually think out what you are about to do before doing it and cant just stroll in shooting everything in sight makes a nice change.But, there are some odd barriers to immersion and just enjoying the experience.  Helicopter piloting is just torturous for no really clear reason.  It just gets on your nerves.The general principles are there. Someone set out to create FarCry 2 but state of the art and in some ways they did.   It is as open as Far Cry 2 and avoids the cartoonish console hell of every far cry after.   Yet, it doesnt quite deliver in terms of being as much fun and I think for me it is the third person view.  I this really kills the immersion.So while it is good, something seems to be missing that stops it being fun.I keep going back and trying again,  I just dont seem to be able to engage with this as much as my buddies do.   It seems like something is missing. I think it is mainly the third person issue which stops me being quite as immersed as I want to be combined with the performance inconsistencies.It does have a nice big map which is a major plus as it provides lots of terrain to explore and it is going to have a lot of longevity.A great game in many respects but just slightly missing the mark for me because of the third person stuff.A really good field of view option  is definately worth a mention.  Obviously designed to support the PC rather than badly ported from something else.  So while, I dont particularly like the gameplay, I think many would and I would recommend it to people that I think would overlook the performance issues because they like games like this."
76561197995378078,Recommended,460930,33589817,Posted: 16 July,all,Ferry Delta,"Really good tactical action game. Hybrid between 3rd and 1st person gameplay. I had a lot of fun playing with my character  customized as a Delta Force Operator. You´ve got several tactical possibilities thanks to the expansive levels and a wide range of vehicles.You can fully customize your weapons, tactical gear and the appearence of your main character.I have to say that I have found some annoying bugs such as poor colision detection and some times unfair enemy difficulty. But on the other hand, the bullet drop physics are super cool!In terms of art and technology, this game is quite amazing: terrains, vegetation and landscapes are incredibly beautiful. If you have a good PC, you can really enjoy high fidelity graphics.Overall it has been a really enjoyable experience: 8,5/10"
76561197972605610,Recommended,460930,33590112,Posted: 16 July,all,Matstodon,"Probably my favorite co-op game of all time.  My friends and I are casual gamers who don't have a ton of time to get great at PvP, so an open world PvE with a fully co-op campaign is perfect."
,Recommended,460930,33455236,Posted: 11 July,all,Prof.DR.Sugiono.MJav,ikeh-ikeh kimochii........???
76561198285066415,Recommended,460930,33457554,Posted: 11 July,all,Atom Cats Gaming,"Really fun to play, and it is challenging."
76561198163188316,Recommended,460930,33543569,Posted: 14 July,all,thechued1,"While the game may seem repetitive and empty at the beginning, it definitely gets better as every single base and boss mission is always sightly different. In fact, the freedom the game gives the player to do whatever they want so long as they have the balls to do so greatly reduces the amount of grinding needed to get good gear and skills. Give it a shot. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,460930,33592965,Posted: 16 July,all,STABBY,meh
,Recommended,460930,33594301,Posted: 16 July,all,Ahnold,It's the best non pvp shooter I've played in a very long time.
,Recommended,460930,33594083,Posted: 16 July,all,RMTop,nice
76561198067874549,Recommended,460930,33590406,Posted: 16 July,all,Nomad,love this game 220 hours in it and still lots to do no crashes no bugs no problems love it
76561198086439280,Recommended,460930,33476357,Posted: 12 July,all,Jasper Reikevik,Really Tactical game sometimes i go to take advantage of the Tactical part cause you could simply mark enemies  and they will be defeated automatically without efforts....The World in this game is Huge less than Final Fantasy XV but we are there....many skills and the possibility to climb obstacles....graphic really cool...... citizen doesnt look cool the game focused  on the main character.....you can roleplay i mean you can walk and take a look to the environment.....Rifles and pistols are well made.....customization is not detailed ( i mean like Fallout 4 or The sims) you can play stealth and kill everyone without make a noise.....quests almost the same but the gameplay wont maqke you feel tired of this title!
76561198352566960,Recommended,460930,33471488,Posted: 11 July,all,rdj1094,"Ok I have spent about 70 hours on this game, and I can confidently say, it is 100% worth the money. Say what you want about the story. Thats not what you buy this game for, you buy it for gameplay and holy **** is it fun. I enjoyed every second of it. And when you play join your friends, hands down the funniest experience ever.Pros:Huge mapSo much customizationBeautiful WorldChallenging MissionsDLC contentReplay WorthyCons:Bland StoryCopy and Pasted missionsRepetetiveWeird Animations while climbingToo much DLC- (EXPENSIVE)Overall I really enjoyed this game and would give it a 9/10"
,Recommended,460930,33468883,Posted: 11 July,all,hatchet5891,"I have been a long time fan of the Ghost Recon franchise since it came out. I was on the fence when it came to this one at first though. I saw the previews and instantly felt like this was not a Ghost Recon game and was unsure if I would even enjoy it. I bought it on sale during the summer sale and didn't look back.Now, I will agree with pretty much everybody to review this game, it is repetitive. But for me personally I didn't think it was nearly as bad as many made it out to be. Yes the game revolves around clearing out a base and looting the heck out of it for supplies, weapon upgrades, and skill points. But each base is for the most part different in it's own ways whether it is size, layout, location, and the bad guys all move and respond to situations fairly differently. But the missions are generally the same regardless of the different bases.I've seen some complaints on the gunsmith and personally I enjoyed that ability a lot. The game saves each gun that you modify and you can switch to it in the menu at any time, even in the middle of the mission. The story was significantly better than I thought it was going to be and I loved the open world enviroment. No area on the map felt or looked the same to me and holy cow was it HUGE. The environments were beautiful and the gameplay was extremely fun and easy to play. One this that did take some getting used to though was the sniper rifles bullet drop. This made sniping an enemy slightly more difficult depending on the range and made me more cautious of other bad guys before deciding to actually take that shot.My gameplay time for 100% completion was 70 hours. I definitely give this game a 9/10 and would recommend."
76561198173599151,Recommended,460930,33467355,Posted: 11 July,all,shanehockey,"wait for a good sale. I love the open map and driving around while my friends get on. although things get repetetive and outcomes are the same (usually). My dad loves playing it cause he finds it easier than Battlefield 1 and 4. I liked it, but the last time I played this game was about 2 months ago (from the top of my head)."
76561197968335774,Recommended,460930,30478658,Posted: 12 March,all,Jonboy,"All in all, not bad. Classy videos and story/ Good variety in missions. By far the best componets are the guns which are beautifully modelled. There are a few tech issues but they have largely been addressed.If you like Far Cry , you will love this."
,Recommended,460930,33503994,Posted: 13 July,all,Maschen,cool
76561197971309565,Not Recommended,460930,33494870,Posted: 12 July,all,FieldMedic,"Very disappointing title that clearly had lots of potential to be good. The character and weapon customization is cool and the synch shot mechanic is neat but the rest of the game is mechanically dull and uninteresting at best; buggy and poorly designed at worst. Visually the game is great and the audio and voice acting is serviceable. Dialog though, is pretty bad and the story is a derivative 'fight the cartel' plot.Speaking of derivative, that sums up the gameplay in general. That's compounded by poor AI (both allied and enemy) and some extremely poor quest design. Maybe this title is better with friends but even if you have 3 people to jump in with I wouldn't suggest Wildlands unless it's heavily discounted."
76561198095914504,Not Recommended,460930,33593045,Posted: 16 July,all,MrG00dV1bes,This game is fun at times with friends but it is pretty lackluster aside from that. You will get laughs but that will only come from the games poor physics and repetitive bugs.
,Recommended,460930,33598797,Posted: 16 July,all,Morty Smith,Must have a decent gpu or else the game will crash and bug out lmao
,Recommended,460930,33651010,Posted: 19 July,all,Reaver,"190 hours in and I still play this... It has its bugs which seem to appear more in multiplayer and its not well optimized, however if you enjoy a chilled tactical shooter with a lot of weapons to choose from then this might be a good game for you BUT, it is not worth the full price... £20 at the most."
76561198041181149,Recommended,460930,33733679,Posted: 22 July,all,✪ Lewis Graham,"All in all, a great game that I had fun with all the way through 100% on hardest difficulty and down to the lower tiers. Once you reach max level(30) you can chose to activate tier mode and start at tier 50 and work your way down to the lowest possible tier 1, game gets more difficult for each tier on top of the hardest difficulty setting and you get some crappy and a couple decent rewards including cosmetics and weapons.It's just that the entire time I was playing it I couldn't help but feel it could have been SO MUCH MORE, and oh SO MUCH BETTER.. it has such potential to be an incredible game, I feel like the focus was more so on the world and what they could achieve there than the actual story and gameplay(which is still good just not as good as it could have been I feel).I will say though, the view distance and LOD in this game is quite remarkable and unlike any other game I've ever seen, you can see cars driving on the road from across .. well as far as you can see on the map when you're in the air, and lights from buildings in the small towns on the map... everything you see from above and far away is ACTUALLY there, no popping or fading or anything like that. Hopefully this is something they will stick to with any upcomming open world titles, it is legitimately quite beautiful on high graphic settings. Sadly my fps dips to around 20-25(old rig) on the highest settings so I had to play with most settings on low-medium and a few on high for 55-60 fps, game still looks great though.As for the story well, even though I kind of liked the style of the ""story"", there just wasn't much to it besides a few short cutscenes some collectables and slide-shows..As for the guns, well, at the lower tiers you'll mostly be using your pistol tbch for perfect stealth, or at the very least a suppressed assault rifle. SMGs shotguns and LMGs are fairly useless tbch, at least from my experience, maybe when you play online with other people they have some use, but for single-player I doubt you'll even want to touch anything but sniper rifles, pistols, and at times a suppressed assault rifle. I personally ended up sticking with the assault rifle you get from the very start after trying out every single assault rifle in the game, can't remember what it was called but I really liked the versatility of it and it felt really good to shoot, like really good.. and once I upgraded its damage after I got in to the tier system the low damage wasn't an issue anymore. This takes a lot of time to upgrade though, since the increase is very minimal and the cost is fairly large. I might be a bit biased since I'm a sucker for good 3rd person shooting, and it's easy for me to spend hours on end just enjoying that part of a game, honestly...I do sincerely hope despite the meh reception this game got that they'll make a second game but improve upon everything and add a better more fleshed out story-line and better character creator, I would absolutely love that, maybe that's just me.I would say if you're the completionist type and you like 3rd person tactical shooters with at the higher end some insane difficulty(frankly unfair, and almost impossible unless you stealth perfectly, still somehow fun though imo..), then you'll get at the very least 60+ hours out of this game so I would say the €59.99 is worth it. If you're not and you don't then wait for a sale I would say."
76561198006064887,Recommended,460930,33115615,Posted: 1 July,all,Willibald,"This can be described as a four-player-coop open-world just-cause-3 far-cry-4 gta-5 etc. crossoverrippoff type of game. There is nothing unique to it, but the game picks good elements from other series and combines them in a nice way.  If you don't mind its hardware-hungriness and the clunky steering of vehicles, let alone some strange bugs and deysnc sometimes, this game is enjoyable, and I like it. Best experience is when playing it with friends.Update 20th July 2017: Public coop / matchmaking is nonfuntional since a week, many players are affected. Ubisoft support makes customers jump through hoops (open your ports, reinstall client, reinstall game, blablabla, which leads to nothing) instead of fixing their server problems. So for now, I do not recommend the game anymore.Update 22th July 2017: It's functional again after more than a week. A patch and a server maintenance on THEIR side solved the problem. Thanks for wasting my time meanwhile, ubisoft support!Make out of this what you think."
76561197984485662,Recommended,460930,33587965,Posted: 16 July,all,Fresh Veggies,"I've been playing this almost exclusively in co-op mode and it has been a ton of fun.  The plot is unremarkable, but not awful.Connecting to friends' games has been fantastic.  No issues connecting, very little if any lag.  Similar to the drop in any time co-op play of Borderlands and Dying Light.In general game play has been pretty excellent.  Helicopter flight controls are terrible, but that has not been a deal breaker.**New patch has revamped helo controls.  Way more fun to fly them now."
,Recommended,460930,31070748,Posted: 10 April,all,creapy,"Game itself is good but it lack of serious finishing.. biggest open world game so far and  still!  after couple days you feel like what i,m going to do now when finished story missions. there just is not anything reasonable when even supplies start to reach 200k and all skills are full on the level 30. Big hope is that dlc´s will patch it or that was it and time to leave this game after 2 weeks of playing since dying for boredom instead of playing it too much because loving it.+ Awesome Looking enviroment+ Massive open world+ Combat feels rewarding+ equipments+co-op+ variety of different kind of guns+ latest patch on 20th of the july makes controlling of the heli more comfort. ( you don´t have to lean forward 5 seconds for max speed)- mouse issues  ( delay 1-5 second  )     ""fix ""   1. polling rate from 1000 / 500 to 125hz  , 2.low priority for the game using task manager,   3. shutting down 1 processing unit which make less cpu power for the game but helps,   4. locked framerate to 30,60 and so on depending on the hardware.-fps issues  game sometimes just feels freezing a second and fps goes to 30 from 60 with  combination of the  i5-4670k cpu and 1070 xtreme gpu while using 16 gb of ram at 1866hz with windows 7 home premium 64-bit .   Game is installed  on  the WD black harddrive.-if you like to play singleplayer then this it not for you- After completing story missions game feel ""empty""   would  be great to see more activities inside- when joining to public co-op  you see very often the same players  and that is not bad until you have banned them because  you guys just can´t get  along too well- vehicles feels clumsy to use  what makes you want to  use the tripskip instead of using those epic mountain roads- a lot of bugs that sometimes make game experience really low.  example some of the food convoy helicopters just aren´t there but green arrow is and there is sometimes invisible players on the map until doing restart.When bugs are patched and more activities inside i would recommend the game if you like challenging combats and  have good crew to play with you in co-opFallen Ghost. This dlc feels like another game and that is good.+ Intersting new main and rebel  missions+ totally new skills to unlock+ special weapons like a crossbow and awesome sniper rifles+ competitive AI+ Well equipped enemy bases+ Stealth feels important now because if you are engaged you end up killing endles waves of unidads-  so far no cons related to the fallen ghost dlc  after 14 hours of playingDlc´s like this in future pls."
,Recommended,460930,33730029,Posted: 22 July,all,SlicedBread2014,This game I a great way for friends to get together and mess around. People can join in on any game and it is fun to go around and get all the different guns and attachments. Yes there are bugs here and there but nothing to bad. The game looks amazing on my PC and there are many ways to change your character. People say the missions are boring and repetitive but that just tells me they don't try other ways to do missions or play by themselves. (Much much funner with freimds) all in all it is a fun game that you should give a try with friends.
,Recommended,460930,33829286,Posted: 27 July,all,Goodly Iguana,"Either play with a full player squad or on your own, because if you have even one player companion you'll lose all of your AI guys. Your AI companions are pretty much gods, able to shoot through walls and once you get sync shot and drone maxed you can clear out entire camps while sitting back playing a point and click adventure game with your drone marking targets for your companions to kill.The driving and flying is preeeeeeeeetty bad. But sneaking around and dismantling a drug cartel is pretty fun.Buy it on sale/10"
76561198078893168,Not Recommended,460930,33826740,Posted: 27 July,all,AntlerAnarchy,"This game is medicore if very ""samey"" and what i mean is, that this game is like every godamn game that ubisoft made, i really want to like this game, but it gets boring after awhile, when you're playing this game you wonder, ""why the hell your not playing squad, csgo, and etc.""Let me get more specific, this game as you capturing districts which is done by killing and capturing bosses, your prime object is to kill or do somthing with the boss of bosses.(note: I didn't finish this game because it got repetive and i cannot remember much with this game because it's so bland.) You do some side missions and help the rebels yadha, yadha, yadha mostly ""samey"" with any franchise that ubisoft released.Do youself a favor and not purchase this game, save your money."
76561198081291853,Not Recommended,460930,30659035,Posted: 21 March,all,Life,"Massive world. Lots of guns. fun 4 player coop. Poor optimization. Driving is wonky. Repetitive missions. The drone is your bestfriend. Bad solo play. Sniping is fun. good gun customization. good outfit customization. Freedom of choice. Forgettable story. Pretty environment. Low replayability (can get boring once you've done everything there is to do.) Not worth the $60 price tag. Wait for sale. I would recommend this game, just not right now."
76561198095908284,Recommended,460930,33844929,Posted: 27 July,all,BradenBash,good
76561198310849466,Recommended,460930,33753023,Posted: 23 July,all,stehbens,i need better graphics card it glitches and crashes all the time so for now i can not play it
76561198337234746,Recommended,460930,30390057,Posted: 8 March,all,Laiiittthhh,"Ghost Recon Wildlands is a very entertaining open world game with lots of large beautiful environments to explore.----- Great gameplay, the gun handling and shooting are very solid and feel real good. Your character seems to run, move, duck etc. all with no problem. There is no jump or cover system in this game however it doesn't seem to be an issue as the character model will hug the wall when crouched and leaning against it and the ""vault"" option allows you to jump over/climb objects in front of you.The Driving isn't a big issue as many have claimed. It's certainly different than similar open world games, however once you learn how to drive/fly it’s very easy. I actually prefer Ghost Recon Wildlands vehicle mechanics over most other games.----- The graphics of this game are defiantly above average however the environments are top notch and very beautiful. I was also impressed at the level of detail to the weapons and how the weather looked in this game. The rain pouring down and how your character looks soaked or while you’re out in the snow and the snow is accumulating on your characters hat. All of those minor details make a huge difference.*** Bonus to graphics - I also really enjoyed the graphic settings option in this game. When changing a setting in graphics menu the game has a very cool image displayed on the right showing you exactly what the function you’re adjusting will change in game. Example: Switching texture quality from Low to Medium, High or Ultra really does show the graphical progression. The game will show you exactly on every setting what it does and how it will look after adjusted. I wish more games would do this as good as Ghost Recon Wildlands does.----- The missions are all very unique and can pose a true challenge when played at higher difficulty. Everyone plays differently and this game successfully allows users to go in guns blazing or quietly take out the objective. Each zone is comprised of 5-6 missions and seem to have their own little story. This allows users to drop in and out of friend’s games and play together while not disrupting their own story progression. You can simply just start a new zone together and continue to progress together.Some of the missions can be a little weak or easy no matter the difficulty. Example: some missions are simply just go and locate someone to talk to them. However, they do not repeat, the game really doesn’t have any repetitive mission format at all. I personally took notes of the very fun missions while playing in order to replay them later on.----- Character progression was done well in this game. Without a “leveling up to become more powerful system”. Ghost Recon Wildlands allows users to simply just find items to unlock while playing and leveling. More weapons and levels do not make players of higher levels 'stronger' it just means they have found different weapons or unlocked gadgets and such like night vision.The plus side to all these new weapons and attachments is that they all seem to be pretty balanced. I'm able to run through every mission using the assault rifle you’re giving at the start of the game and it wasn't any additional challenge. I also really enjoyed how the game never was a grind of gear. A large portion of the gear can be discovered and collected while you play through the story.Character progression does stop at level 30 as right now it’s the level cap. I’m not sure why they capped the leveling but at 30 I did feel less incentivized to do as much as I was before since I was no longer getting XP. Even if they didn’t supply a skill point for leveling up or give you anything. Allowing players to keep leveling up would be a fine incentive to continually play and level.----- The story line of Ghost Recon Wildlands isn’t anything too special or unique. I mean, you’re just another “Super Duper Ultra Top Secret Elite Task Force sent in to do whatever is needed by the U.S. Govt.” I’m pretty sure we’ve all played many games like this and it’s a core theme ripped from a plethora of movies. However, it does have its moments where it shines, the ending was done very well as it does set up the DLCs and explain some cool story line stuff. For those seeking a huge rich/deep story, there isn’t much that Ghost Recon Wildlands is going to supply but if you can watch an average cheap action movie and enjoy it than Ghost Recon Wildlands will be an entertaining storyline. It’s worth paying attention to, however missing a cut scene here or there isn’t the end of the world.----- The endgame and replayability is very similar to any other campaign based game. You get to replay the story and try different techniques to complete the missions. At the moment there isn’t a horde mode or anything like that, however there seems to be a lot of open world type things to do after you’ve completed the game. Like any other open world game, you can run around and collect all the lootables, complete the never ending side missions, try to stop random convoys that are around the map, steal supplies and return them to the rebels or simply just run around doing, whatever you want.----- Overall it deserves the $60 and worth playing. I’d most defiantly recommend the game as it’s proving to be a positive release for Ubisoft. The game has a lot to do with a huge open world that is incredibly drawn up. Each zone looks so amazing and I have found myself just exploring random caves, mountains, forests only to find some very amazing things. The story alone is around 40-50 hours of gameplay if done at an average speed. I’m sure it can be done quicker but I do enjoy the story of a good game so I ended up playing pretty slow, but took the time to play very efficient.-----Here are some quick tips that helped me through the game;Since weapons/attachments/Kingslayer files/Intel are practically on the path of the story missions. I’d recommend simply just playing the story mode and not worrying about collecting everything. I played by selecting a zone and focusing on the story missions in order then going to the next zone and running those story missions over and over. This kept the game interesting as the story missions do not repeat. After you’ve completed the story go back if you want to pick up the collectables you’ve missed. Since doing the story will allow you to pick up most of the collectables, doing it the other way around would make you back track and run in circles. - After I had killed the final boss I had realized I picked up more than half the collectables on the map.[/]Skill points and medals seem to be the biggest lootables that are not on the path of the story; those are worth going a little out of your way to collectDo NOT rush the end boss. I don't care how fast you complete the game, however it's worth it to go after El Sueno only after you have 100% all the other story missions. You don't need to have all the lootables collected but make sure each zones story is completed. (I won’t ruin/spoil anything however, it’s much better when you kill El Sueno if you have 100% the zones than if you hadn’t)Play on elite difficulty. The game can be pretty easy playing on lower difficulty, especially after you've been playing on elite for a while. At first it may be too hard on elite, force yourself to adapt and you will end up enjoying the game more.Take notes on your favorite missions in order to remember which ones to replay after you complete the game."
76561198047390123,Recommended,460930,34529956,Posted: 27 August,all,DeadShot,"Oh yeah this is something I like. Loved it as much as I love the Far Cry series, so if you love Far Cry you are going to love this game as well. A lot to explore. I have played for 62 hours and couting and I must say I have not got bored of it."
,Not Recommended,460930,31495644,Posted: 1 May,all,Rex Talon,"(Base Game/no expansions)Pro:The map is HUGE! and you can set foot on nearly every square inch.Weather patternsDay/night cyclesSomewhat dynamic storyline allows you to complete chapters in the order you chooseLots of weaponsSkill unlocks allow you to customize to your play styleFairly wide range of character customizationVariable difficultyVery finished appearanceImmersive environmentCon:FLYING USED TO BE FUN BEFORE THE PATCH:They added rudder control but now helicopters stop on a dime when you release controls. They actually stop faster than a ground vehicle. There's no art to flying anymore. There's no way to perform an assault landing. There's no flaring, there's no drift. Flying is like you'd expect out of an 8-bit video game from the mid 1980's. It completely sucks."
76561198078390822,Not Recommended,460930,34513109,Posted: 26 August,all,Cpl SwompDog,the game at first is nice and nice graphics but then it get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your teamates (a.i) couldnt shoot an elephant in a corridor and the ennemy become some elite shooter and you die with one bullet
,Not Recommended,460930,30644240,Posted: 20 March,all,Mr. Lemon,Bad and gay
76561198202177471,Recommended,460930,33838372,Posted: 27 July,all,LuciferCreed,"Does Ubisoft start making good games? (Assassin Creed Syndicate, Watch Dogs 2, For Honor, and now this game)-Graphics are Incredible on Ultra/4K WOW !-Story is good !-Side quest are nice.-Combat is good.Buy the game !Recommanded 10/10 !!!"
76561198211904779,Not Recommended,460930,34206106,Posted: 12 August,all,milkybootywhole,"dont reccomend this game at all.  if you want a laggy studdering, even with a 1080ti, buggy game, this is it.  game has been out for some time now and most of the bugs they have yet to fix.  along with pvp they promised, still tba.  out of 10, this is probably 6 but only get this game if it goes on sale.  its ubisoft what do you expect"
,Recommended,460930,34488286,Posted: 25 August,all,Dragonfly,"From point of my view, game is really perfect. But this is not Ghost Recon. For example if this game published under the name of The Division for single - coop story, maybe.. yea it would fit whole concept. But again from my point of my view, it is not a Ghost Recon. Lets check previous Tom Clancy titles. It is a universe. Like old characters in Vegas & Vegas 2 binded to other Rainbow Six. Some of Rainbow operators transferred to Ghost Recon team etc. Like I said, it is a chain binded story or had to be.GRW is an open world game maybe this is biggest problem of the title. Huge map, very detailed environment but no interiors. No tactical entry mechanics, interrogations are there but so simple. I mean it should be a persuasion system like threatening. Game is way too FAST. Camos not effecting our stealth. Most of them are cosmetics. Drone is okay but explosion, EMP drones are really OP! Most of HVT killing missions done by explosive drone. Bullet drop system is really ridiculous. I played whole game extreme difficulty. Some time later AI behaviors unraveling. Even I closed HUD still it is same. Hardly no tactical gears. There is a ""Dead Body Found"" mechanics but if you kill someone, later dead bodies disappearing. It has to be like we have to carry or hide dead bodies somewhere else.Closing: GRW is a perfect game. But not as a Ghost Recon. I felt like I was playing a new Just Cause game with 3 people team up with me. Sync shot through walls... damn boy =))"
,Recommended,460930,34469594,Posted: 24 August,all,Yowza,"It's a good game overall. However, it is very buggy and demanding on the graphics. I've tested it on my new and old computers to test the performance and I wouldn't buy it unless your running new hardware. It's kinda like a buggy MGS V."
76561197961802432,Not Recommended,460930,34006261,Posted: 3 August,all,frzburn,"Too much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery. Seriously, I spend more time fighting against ♥♥♥♥ed up game mechanics and bugs than fighting ennemies..."
,Not Recommended,460930,30419187,Posted: 9 March,all,☈ProShots,"Repetitive, boring fart heads."
,Recommended,460930,31372076,Posted: 26 April,all,Bray,"Yeah it's fun, but not $60 worth of fun.If you can find it on sale I recommend it."
,Recommended,460930,34014333,Posted: 4 August,all,AnOnYmOuS<3,Not a bad game at all
,Recommended,460930,34008109,Posted: 3 August,all,Althedude90,Good. Real good
76561198032313700,Recommended,460930,33881776,Posted: 29 July,all,llama,"awesome game.beautiful as ♥♥♥♥.incredible open world.stealthy if you want,long range if you want (a little underdeveloped scopes)♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up and kill everyone in sight if you want.after 30 minutes of carefully timed long range shots and almost completed long mission, rage inducing BSOD."
,Not Recommended,460930,32632081,Posted: 21 June,all,Efrain_Rox,"This was a fun game. If you need something to play while you wait for your favorite title to come out then this one is good for you.Latest update has ruined the controller layout. When I try to switch the grenades it also activates the different views as in the night vision. It's also really fast so I have to lightly tap it to get the next grenade type I want. It also ruined the speed of the aiming and camera movement so I had to adjust that as well.Also the helicopter layout is aweful on the controller, a fix is to go under gameplay and switch back to original then go to keyboard and mouse and turn off the mouse steering for the helicopter.I am lucky I was on the last mission now that the patch ruined things ha ha well it's done at 100 percent so I won't be touching this game anytime soon. If this gets fixed I'll update for sure but as of now I cant recommend it with the glitches the new patch brought. Also they still haven't fixed the vehicle spawning which is aweful, it's either too far or the worst possible location to get the vehicle."
,Recommended,460930,34105753,Posted: 8 August,all,reaper,"Personally, I really like this game. My brothers and I always play Coop, its the game that we hoped for. We like Far Cry very much, but only as single player. Wildlands is like the Coop version of Far Cry, and we loved it."
,Recommended,460930,32954475,Posted: 28 June,all,Axii,"Updated Review !I fall in love with wildland after the tier one update. honestly, Wildland is one of greatest tactical reconnaissance shooter stealth game i have ever played in my entire life. even as far as you can shot from long range with HTI. hahaha sniper guy approvedSuch tactic,Much stealth,Very ghost 8.5/10 paw"
76561198066723340,Recommended,460930,34148367,Posted: 10 August,all,All Sneaky Beaky Like,jefe de jefes boss of bosses name in english translates to the floor
,Not Recommended,460930,30701401,Posted: 24 March,all,Pavelovsk,Was fun for the first 6-10 hours then it gets repetitivealso ubisoft sexually violated it
76561198093248399,Recommended,460930,30460485,Posted: 11 March,all,Sgt. Rice,Good Game
,Recommended,460930,30380079,Posted: 7 March,all,Sketch,"You play as a government death squad where your actions have no consequences on the civilian life and you can sustain civilian casualties as long as it's not too many that it's news worthy. As long as none of the footage gets on Live Leak you're all good! It's a true simulation, a must play."
76561198175464133,Recommended,460930,34416215,Posted: 22 August,all,Surfhunden ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Good game i like the story i will start to play With my friend soon
,Recommended,460930,30411288,Posted: 9 March,all,crazyrobban,"One of the most fun co-op experiences I've played.Wouldn't recommend it to someone who plays solo though, since the story isn't very inviting and the chat of your fellow AI ghosts gets tired really fast.However, played with friends it's amazing!Highpoints are the seamless co-op drop-in/drop-out mechanics, the customization of weapons and clothing, stealth and gunplay.The lows are generally stupid AI and a few minor bugs here and there.Oh, and flying a helicopter really is as bad as the reviews say.Edit:Helicopter controls have been updated and is now a lot better.Get the game with a few friends, have fun, skip the DLC"
,Recommended,460930,34408172,Posted: 21 August,all,MLG So Dirty,"The game is great! My biggest complaint over all is the bullet drop in this game. I feel like its super over tuned. I loved the story mode to this, but I am actually more excited about the upcoming release of Ghost War when that gets a release date."
,Not Recommended,460930,30456109,Posted: 11 March,all,Spankbob,Game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks after 30 hours
76561198038747273,Not Recommended,460930,30382924,Posted: 7 March,all,riley090,"I enjoyed this game in the beginning; however, I can no longer play with friends even though my routers nat is open all ports are correctly set per instruction and yet multiplayer still won't work.Game play was nothing spectacular but was entertaining, but without the ability to play with friends I cannot recommend buying this game until they fix the issue.This is literally the only game I have that doesn't work for multiplayer so it's Ubisoft's doing, I doubt they will fix this being it's now August."
76561198042644742,Recommended,460930,34174413,Posted: 11 August,all,dugankowal1,"After finishing the game, and the alternate ending, I can say this was an excellent game.  Not without it's faults, but overall EXCELLENT storyline (a bit linear and unalterable, but good story) and the graphics are top notch.Definitely some areas that need improvement, like animals having substance in the game.  physics of driving offroad are ridiculous but fun.  I can see where some would get tired, saying its repitious, but there are only so many takes on missions.Haven't tried the DLC yet, but looking forward to more CO-OP fun."
76561198067663643,Recommended,460930,34071901,Posted: 6 August,all,♛King Carter♛,"Great Game. Amazing visuals, great combat. Needs more blood."
76561198164748683,Recommended,460930,34234436,Posted: 14 August,all,guruson,"If you're into tactical shooters, or like other Tom Clancy games, you're gonna like this game. Especially nice to play with like-minded friends. Since Uplay automatically optimizes the game to match your system's performance, it'll even run on systems who weren't intended for gaming. Provided you don't try to run it on an outdated system.[If you're having trouble launching the game, I recommend completely uninstalling and re-installing Uplay, that's what worked for me]Don't take negative reviews too seriously. There are bugs in this game. Most of which break the fourth wall, but never the game. A bunch of reviews outright hate on Ubisoft, usually because they're on a smear campaign and ignore the good parts. Some also dislike the game for it's microtransactions, but those are entirely optional and the items do not provide any advantage over not having them.For a massive open-world story-driven tactical shooter, I find this game well worth the full price. If you find it a bit steep, come back during the Steam Summer Sale, everything is cheaper."
76561198160642100,Not Recommended,460930,31535230,Posted: 3 May,all,WarEagle5500,"This game is a very good game, freedom of choice, large arsenal, good environments, fine storyline, and a good variety of vehicles. However, there are things that could be improved. One, when shooting, the enemy should be searching and firing ramdomly in all directions, not heading in one direction and not firing. Want to be realistic Ubisoft? Then fix the enemy AI. Two, getting spotted at a large distance, not realistic. Three, infiltrations are hard sometimes, you get spotted way too fast, especially on normal difficulty, easy is just right though. Four, AI Ghosts are sometimes dumb when you're trying to be stealthy, I had many fustrating cases, but they are great fighters, so use them as a distraction. Five, they can't spot you if you're wearing a ghillie suit. Six, you can get spotted through walls."
76561198056357544,Not Recommended,460930,33773099,Posted: 24 July,all,Half-Life 3,fun game with friends but the story is terrible. not a real ghost recon game just another game ubisoft screwed up
76561198166198547,Recommended,460930,30549781,Posted: 16 March,all,Sum Phat Ho,The gameplay itself is 8.5/10The campaign is a 3/10
,Not Recommended,460930,34306423,Posted: 17 August,all,Eeyooree,"It's odd to see a negative review with 40+ hours in to a game. I saw plenty of negative reviews before I bought this game, and I ignored them and was glad I did. Now, however, the game is unplayable.The developers recently did an update which made helicopter flight more realistic (before, helo's moved as slow as cars, now they can actually move). With that update, however, they put in a ton of bugs. When you go to fly a helo, on lift off, the thing just jumps 15 feet in the air. On landing, it decides to flip over and blow up, killing you, even if you had an otherwise perfect landing. Sometimes the drone doesn't work, and no it isn't on cooldown it just won't work. Earlier, it wouldn't close out of the drone. These bugs are often fixed by closing the game and re opening it, but who wants to pay for a game you have to close every 20 minutes just to keep playing?"
,Recommended,460930,30417253,Posted: 9 March,all,Arzt,YAY SERVER ISSUES
76561198124974992,Recommended,460930,34270600,Posted: 15 August,all,crazyguy_03,"8/10Pros:/Cons:Co-Op is super fun / Solo sucksNice gunplay / can be clunky at timesBeautiful environment / if you don't turn off turf effect, the game will chop and ripVehicles feel nice since the patch / there are bugs with large helos (Mi-26 and CH-53) hit or miss game playMissions and side missions are fun / the missions that require large helos are as hit or miss as the helo bugsOverview:If you buy this on sale and play with friends you will have a great time.If you pay full price and play solo you will feel cheated, hate your life, and hate this game!"
,Not Recommended,460930,31428217,Posted: 28 April,all,Steeltooth,They made nightvision goggles that don't work and tried to sell them for 15 bucks. The whole thing is ugly. Just no on this game. It's not good enough to weather its suck.
76561198093686269,Recommended,460930,34737701,Posted: 4 September,all,captain hamunnero,gameplay is fun over all but  every time i look at my character i always get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off as my ocp bottoms are not bloused
76561198162842222,Recommended,460930,30483266,Posted: 12 March,all,Screwdge,"I really enjoy the gameplay, the story isn't anything special, but to me at least, the gameplay more than makes up for it. My only real problem with this game is I have no one to play it with, it gets boring playing solo after a while and playing with randoms isn't any fun. Then again, that isn't a problem on Ubisoft's part."
,Recommended,460930,33111582,Posted: 1 July,all,Dak,"changing my review, the PVP update is FANTASTIC. it uses so much TEAMWORK and tactics, ive refunded this game and just got it again because i loved the pvp so much. its improved a lot. come back and try it now."
,Recommended,460930,35383140,Posted: 1 October,all,Cass <3,"If you look at it as a more realistic Just Cause as opposed to an open-world Ghost Recon game, it's pretty good.7/10, great fun to play though once and do a couple of the side activities, but doesn't have a huge amount of replayability.I'll update this review when multiplayer is added."
76561198341006860,Recommended,460930,31178586,Posted: 16 April,all,Hear the Wind Sing,时间久了就觉得很单一
76561198151937777,Recommended,460930,35427947,Posted: 2 October,all,Joobance,"Amazing game, great gameplay, fun to explore, never a dull moment."
,Recommended,460930,35508619,Posted: 5 October,all,torre,Ubisoft has created this game for people like me. I love this kind of video games.
