user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197985903334,Recommended,460920,32122034,Posted: 1 June,all,Wayzz,Game it self is great but its too expensive and I finished most things in 12 hours. But i will come back to this game one day and check out the new content. get it off sale
76561197989552056,Recommended,460920,28135720,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,xBuzz,"Beautifully made game, really fun with good bit of progression, leveling to get to different mountains and buying gear. Played a goood bit of beta.Game runs really smooth, optimised well and haven't seen any bugs yet.If you're anyway interested in snowboarding/skiing, or just scenery this is an awesome game, only downside is the cost, it's abit ""Steep"" har har!"
76561198033819694,Recommended,460920,28333816,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,surgeon,"Brendan Caldwell is an idiot (RockPaperShotgun).He has totally missed the point, this isn't an arcade style SSX. It is attempting to capture the real world feeling of exploration and finding a unique line to shred in a realistic sim style physics based way.Any bad reveiws of this game are posted by non skiing/snowboarding players who assume holding forward the whole time is an accurate way to get down a mountain and timing in jumps is irrelevant.If you're having trouble with the controls, try going slower, the right stick is used to wash off speed, which im sure Brendan never touched unless his character was in the air.I don't post reviews but I felt I had an obligation to this amazing game to correct Brendans' crap effort.It is simply a joy to play and I couldn't recommend it highly enough to anyone who loves the snow."
76561198010854764,Recommended,460920,28201990,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Nils,"From Ubishit to UbigoodSeriously, Ubisoft gave this game a soul. The atmosphere is just great, unlike any sportsgame I've played yet."
,Recommended,460920,28699730,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,unit,"So here i am completing a mission where i have to follow this ai, but at one point of the mission we have to climb a hill and jump off a cliff. At this point when we jump off i lose track of the ai and start flying my own way. As i am flying i see another player skiing down the mountain, so i fly towards him and belly flop into the snow. That is where my journey with Wamuel begins.Wamuel and I after that meeting explored the vast mountains. We completed many missions together and discovered many new places, glitches, challenges, and made snow angels. But there was one challenge that would be the greatest of them all. Wamuel and I reached a mission and it told us to get the summit any way possible and the summit was like 5 mountains away (took around 45 minutes to get too). Wamuel would ski and I would use the snowboard. We glided across mountain ledges and climbed the mountains on foot. We parachuted across the gabs until eventually we made it to the summit. At the summit Wamuel and I saw the sunset and we knew what had to be done. We rode down the mountain we had once tried to reach. As we went down the mountain Wamuel split off never to be seen again. Wamuel will never be forgotten.But on the flip note this game is great for anybody that likes sandboxes and appreciates sking/snowboarding. Many stories will come from this game that you create and you will meet new people on the summit from every path you choose (also the music is good)."
76561198046338879,Not Recommended,460920,28532169,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Six-Foot Turkey,"The game was quite fun, however I was quickly becomming bored after trying out each sport. I don't think the game is worth £40 however, since there is no way to play the game offline so if you are suddenly disconnected from the internet, the game will go to the home screen.The game looks great graphically and the animations and design on the map look great. But I find the mentioning of singleplayer on the store page to be quite misleading since singleplayer, to me often implies there is the ability to play offline without other people or an internet connection. Usually games that are only online multiplayer are much cheaper, but this game at full price is a bit much.I don't recommend buying this game at full price or if you have a bad internet connection, but maybe during a sale."
76561198004811351,Recommended,460920,28431305,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,AbsoluteDeicide,"Steep is a weird game. A love letter to exploring the picturesque Swiss Alps by way of extreme sports, it toes the line between realism and Red Bull guzzling, MTV goofiness. It's built for scale and spectacle, but digging deeper to actually play the game can feel like you're on a team of beta testers, sharing challenges you pulled out of your♥♥♥♥♥and turning a blind eye to the glaring glitches and rough edges. It suffers from an identity crisis; one minute you'll be paragliding peacefully above a glacier while your avatar narrates a somber diary of conquering the wilderness, fighting oxygen deprivation and dehydration. Then you'll be following a literal ghost rider through the mouths of Ubisoft's Raving Rabbids mascots or being lectured by a stereotypical New York agent for not hitting enough “sick” kickflips. Or a mountain will try to intimidate you, reciting some Robert Frost style poetry. Steep is best played with an open mind. A really open mind...The game can be stunningly gorgeous; the scale of the mountain range is very impressive and boasts some of the most realistic looking representation of snow I've seen. The glittering of the sun off of fresh powder in particular is approaching levels of photorealism. The detail of your character is quite sharp as well, especially considering the vast amount of unlockable accessories available to outfit him/her in. Traversing the frozen environment also leaves convincing tracks as you sink into the drifts, climbing steep slopes to reach points of interest. An applaudable amount of work and artistry went into the snow, but some of the elements surrounding it look out of place. Rocky surfaces can look like smears painted with a broad brush, often visibly, hastily thrown together at artificially rough angles and clipping through each other. Trees and glaciers are carbon copies of each other, leading to stretches of boring, repeating terrain. But the large scale picture is the reason for playing, and these are the compromises of a completely open, load-free playground.You have five modes of transport at your disposal: skiing, snowboarding, paragliding, wing gliding, and walking. Skiing and snowboarding are similar and the challenges that feature them are interchangeable. You have very simple controls with these two: steer with the left stick, the right stick cuts sharply, you hold and release jump to ollie, and from there you can spin and grab. For the most part, though, you're at the mercy of the mountain; it's incredibly difficult to make quick adjustments and it can be a struggle to get your avatar to do what you want to do without serious effort. You have no control over the camera, and that becomes an adversary; jamming to the right trying to hit a checkpoint can easily be undermined by a wild, uncontrollable swing or zoom because the game felt like it. You certainly don't have Tony Hawk/SSX levels of control, which is fine, but what's in Steep is better described as “loose” than simulation. After about twenty hours of playing I felt adjusted to the game's quirks, but more often than not trying to get your rider to generally perform something specific still comes down to trial and error, combating the controls, and a good amount of luck. You're provided with a G-meter that is supposed to track how much punishment you can take before you spill, but in practice the game just does what it wants; a ten second free fall onto solid rock might be okay, but hitting what appears to be a pebble may or may not send you into a knockout faceplant.Wing gliding is the highlight. Flying inches above the ground, weaving around snow covered trees and sharp rocks is exhilarating and it controls responsively. Most of the challenges in the wing suit revolve around passing through rings and gives a serious Pilotwings vibe. Paragliding is more relaxed and is the preferred method for exploring the Alps, allowing you to cover large swaths of land and soak in the sights while you're at it. You're given a very generous updraft system: get close and kinda/sorta perpendicular to a mountainside and there will always be uplift, essentially allowing you to glide endlessly. I'm pretty sure that's not how wind works, but whatever. Walking is where you put one foot in front of the other to initiate locomotion, and while on foot you can use binoculars to spot drop zones and places of interest.The scale and freeform exploration is great, but the “game” part of the game, the challenges, are all over the place. These events are scattered all over the mountains and they're generally races against the clock or score based affairs. They are categorized into Easy, Medium, and Hard difficulties, and you can earn bronze, silver, or gold medals depending on your performance, which awards XP to level up to unlock drop zones and currency to buy cosmetic items. The open nature of the game itself wrecks havoc with any scoring conventions; a single, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t trick pulled out of your♥♥♥♥♥can destroy a gold medal challenge in seconds. Alternatively, a glitchy camera can be a repeatable bane to finishing a race without ragdolling down a cliff face, and the difference between a gold medal or complete failure can either be a matter of minutes or seconds. There's very little consistency between which challenges will be a fun exercise in sharpening your skills or controller throwing frustration.And that's Steep broadly speaking. It demands to be enjoyed with a relaxed demeanor and forgiving nature from a zoomed out perspective. If you can find that zen state it's one of the best extreme sports games that's released in years. Just don't look at it too closely."
,Recommended,460920,28179986,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,irrel™,"Steep is a gorgeous game.It's beautiful. Once you get past the admittedly repetitive and bland missions, poorly-voiced characters, and a story so shallow it has negative depth, Steep is a sandbox of exploration, tricks, badassery, beauty, and danger.As a note before we begin: Steep is not SSX. You won't find that level of ridiculous stunts here, and the game is not as forgiving. It is comparable to SSX, though, and if you liked SSX, Steep can still offer something to you.Of course, that's when it's at its most poetic. Naturally, the game fills a niche: if you don't like snowboarding, skiing, paragliding, or wingsuiting, you won't like this game, and even if you do, the price is, pardon the pun, rather steep.If you do like them, and the price isn't a problem, you next have to deal with the missions and, consequently, the voice acting. While some of the voices are alright, the grating radio personality and the bland ""boss"" voice are the most frequently heard and the least likeable. The best voices are, thankfully, those of the atheletes (snowboarders? they don't just snowboard).The missions themselves are pleasant at best and teeth-clenchingly frustrating at worst. While the game is difficult on its own, many of the missions are particularly hard, which is poorly-conveyed by the three-star rating system of difficulty. Adding to the problem is that you have to level up to gain access to Mont Blanc, the best mountain for generally having fun, and you have to go through the worst of the mountains to get to it.The ""story"" is as follows: you are a professional extreme sports person, you make money of footage and competitions, you are the best at them, go win and you will unlock more of the competitions. Of course, you shouldn't have expected a story, silly. However, the tone is inconsistent: some missions take themselves seriously like the Red Bull invitationals, but others act like you're on a Hellish game show like the missions of the Mountain of the Damned.The incredible beauty of the game is immediately apparent, though: as soon as you enter, you're dropped in on the mountain range to see the snow-covered hills and glittering snow itself. The graphics are wonderful, and the optimization is pretty solid (my thoughts on optimization are probably not the most reliable, as my rig is pretty high-end). Naturally, though, beauty is subjective, and if you don't like what you see in the screenshots, you won't like what you see in-game.The gameplay is where the game shines, though please read before downvoting because you had a hard time: the game takes some skill and practice. This isn't to say you're bad, this is to say you need to give it time, get used to and good at handling the controls, and note that the keyboard controls are much worse than controller, but the game is entirely playable with mouse and keyboard. Snowboarding and skiing handle mostly cleanly, though inconsistently: sometimes you get slung off to the side when cresting a hill at an awkward angle. The wingsuiting is fast and requires precision, but use the IJKL keys as a second directional pad to dodge and you can slip through gaps you wouldn't be able to before. The only place where the gameplay falls off is with two things: glitches and paragliding. The glitches are maddening at times: sometimes a jump your character landed cleanly and lightly on a steep slope will reduce their endurance gauge (that's the best I can call it) when they should have been fine, and the paragliding is murkily explained with tooltips that don't give any tips at all. The most helpful thing I discovered with paragliding: the stunts button is not just for stunts. It helps you move down in updrafts.Overall, Steep is a beautiful, clean-looking sandbox for high-speed skiing, snowboarding, and wingsuiting, and for leisurely hangtime in paragliding. It's a little unpolished, and you will encounter glitches - perhaps it's best compared to Skate 3 in that regard - but it's a fun, satisfying experience if you're looking for a more modern snowboarding game.TL;DR: Steep is flawed, but it's not bad: the repetitive missions are annoying, the voice acting grates, the keyboard controls are awkward, but once you get past all that and get better at the game, it's a winter wonderland made to be explored and shredded with solid, if slightly inconsistent, handling and beautiful graphics. Use the stunts mode for paragliding if you want to go down fast."
,Recommended,460920,28195671,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,roly!342,overpriced casual fun game.
,Recommended,460920,30719309,Posted: 24 March,all,Jayson ッ,"Ok. Let's break it down.- Good Graphics- Good Multiplayer- Good Mechanics, it feels good and it responds nicely.- Controller is highly preferable- On sale (currently)This game is a really good game if you're an adventurous person. I wouldn't buy it for $60. However, rn it's $30 which is a great deal.Before you buy this, keep this in mind. Steep is essentially this large mountain that you could do whatever you want on. Yes, it will get boring because you are basically doing the same thing over and over again and Yes, you will probably only have about 10-12 hours of actual entertainment. The environment look will grow old. I have a GTX 960M and I can run this game flawlessly on high/ultra graphics.Keyboard and Mouse isn't the best thing to use for this. Being completely honest. You will have way more fun with controller. You can move more accurately with controller as opposed to directly left and right.The wingsuit on keyboard is absolutely aids. You have to constantly hit the Down key (S key) just to remain in the sky. If you get close to ground, you get more points, however, it is more likely that you will get hit and KO'd.Snowboard is alright. You can pretty much do everything alright, but like I said earlier, a controller would be a lot better. Expect to fall on the snowboard a lot because its hard to control the G-force and the way you land on keyboard, for beginners atleast.The ski is basically a replica of the snowboard, however there is only a change in speed. All the movement and everything feels good and its responsive. I don't use the ski's that much so I really don't have a say although in the times i've tried it, those are what i've noticed.I find the parachute to be the easiest to control on keyboard. I prefer to be on the ground going fast on snowboard, but parachute is easy to control, its not that hard to use and you can get some great views from it. Good screenshot material."
,Recommended,460920,28582107,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,twillsie,"I bought this game on the winter sale, for what I feel was a fair price. This game is a cross between EA's SKATE and SSX 3 (for the old PS2). Like SKATE, this game takes a serious approach to extreme sports, the tricks can be difficult to pull off and some of the 'lines' (read: levels) are a bit tough, but it is also rewarding. Like SSX3 you get to ski from the top of a gargantuan mountain range to the very bottom, without loading... Seriously no load. You can transport from one end of this insanely large mountain range to the other in a click of a button and it doesn't even load. Bam you're there, bam you're skiing, boarding, skydiving, whatever you want. Well worth the price I paid for it on sale."
,Recommended,460920,28151809,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Big Doinks in Amish,"When I was a child , SSX was one of my favorite games of all time. I had them all, and SSX Tricky made me have an epiphany:Snowboards are ♥♥♥♥ing sick.Shortly after I purchased a snowboard, and the rest is history. You can say that I love snowboarding just as much as I love video games, if not even more. So obviously, Snowboarding video games are a genre that I have played just about every ♥♥♥♥ing title that gravitates toward the extreme snowsports side. And I will say one thing: this is it. This is the one you've been waiting for, the one with a huge awesome mountain range to explore and♥♥♥♥♥♥around in to your heart's content. That's why SSX 3 had such a lasting impact on me, I spent more time in that game just riding around as I pleased because I loved it. Steep is very identical to it, you've got characters to select from with unique personalities, drop zones to unlock, and each mountain has it's own sort of weather effect or day/night restrictions to make it feel unique from the others. This is the kind of game where you can start at one single fixed point and play for an entire hour and not get bored because of how many places you can actually go/access from said point, and the wingsuit and paraglider are both much more fun methods of transportation than I had originally thought. And, there's lots to be done in this game.I'll leave you with this: we're all here cause we like games, but in the same sense that people who have no interest in motorsports will have no interest in racing games, I feel like this game is meant to be appreciated if you're either an enormous fan of wintersports or you ski/snowboard yourself. You'll get that 70 dollar value from this game If it's your thing. I know people with several hundreds of hours on Games like DiRT Rally and PoxNora, because for people like them it fills in a missing gap , a game that truly encapsulates something they love while hitting all the right notes.I've been waiting for a game like this, and while it may not be perfect (no jibs make me sad) it's definately more than I could ever have asked for from a snowboarding game."
,Recommended,460920,28199849,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Carve,Turn off trick safety and enjoy the game.
76561198343564648,Recommended,460920,28137180,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lv01 Magikarp,"Initial ThoughtsI played Steep in the Beta a few weeks back and was impressed by it then, I didn't play it a whole lot as I generally don't like burning myself out in beta's before the game is released due to progression getting reset etc. etc.I've been playing now for the past few hours and the game is excellent, there are still a few things that need sorting but it's well worth the price tag compared to some games that have come out this year.It's not just your generic snowboard racing game that many dismiss it as, you are free to do what you want, you can create your own challenges, play in a variety of ways (Currently there is skiing, snowboarding, wingsuit and paragliding with more coming soon)As one who enjoyed SSX at a younger age but since moved to playing more competitive games I am not usually attracted to these sorts of things anymore but the way the game is done is what makes it so unique, it caters for everyone so you can play it as casually or as competitive as you want, like I said above it's more than just a racing game on snow.G-Force Meter[Aids]-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10This could be in gameplay but deserves it's own section.This is basically a meter which goes up and if it goes too high you fall off but the game does not tell you how it works,what so ever.This felt gamebreaking in beta and still does in full release, I have noticed on multiple challenges now that start off at high speed leading towards a ramp if you hit a slight bump and get just a milisecond of air time the game gets confused and puts your g force meter borderline ""Falling off"" so when you do hit the ACTUAL jump your g-force stacks and stack and stacks and RIP goes your line.This seriously needs re-working and honestly is a massive dampener on what is an awesome game.Gameplay / Controls1-2-3-4-5-[6]-7-8-9-10When it comes to the gameplay / controls side of things I feel this is what really lets Steep down, on keyboard it can feel very out of control at times, you don't have the precision you need on certain challenges which can easily lead to frustration.It is playable on PC however without a controller (or I wouldn't have bought it in the first place) but if you really want to get the most out of it and get gold in everything / really challenge peoples scores then I do recommend you get a controller.Sadly in typical Ubisoft fashion it seems they catered for console first and PC was a bit of an after thought.Visuals1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-[9]-10It's gorgeous, hands down one of the best looking games of the year, my steam link arrived yesterday so I am quite looking forward to settling down on the sofa (once I get a controller) and enjoying this bad boy on my 50inch.It's hard to really talk about visuals really but if you look at any media of the game you can see for yourself, better than I can describe in words anyway.I've yet to see any graphical glitches.Dropped a point as at nightime the slopes can be insanley dark, but they're supposed to be, I am nit picking.Sound1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-[10]Loving the sound in the game, the music is very fitting and not intrusive, it makes enjoying the slopes relaxing and the challenges intense but get you pumped as you are hurtling down at breakneck speeds.Also noticed that each costume has different taunts, I have just unlocked the giraffe costume and if I press T I can make it squeek, pretty funny when zooming past someone with your long neck flopping about in the wind.Overall1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10Overall I can highly recommend this game, even if you have just a slight interest in snowboarding / snow sport games now or in the past you will find something to love in Steep.There is plenty of replayability and ""Holy sh*t"" moments, I find myself saving clips and playing about with the replay editor constantly.The community in game also seems very inviting, whilst I was chilling on top of a mountain I was constantly being invited by people wanting to ride together.There is plenty of content to unlock, loads of challenges and hidded secrets with plenty of progression.Loses points due to the horrible g-force meter and really requires a controller to enjoy it fully.Extras:How not to play Steep (Props to Cow for nailing that tree at full speed):http://plays.tv/video/5841698c477353e14d/autism-alertSnowman and replay testing:http://plays.tv/video/58413b4a300d61f3c8/snowman-lyfSlight odd bugs can still be found:http://plays.tv/video/58413844970975f869/sliiiiide-to-the-right-take-it-back-now-yall"
76561198021807883,Recommended,460920,28211992,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Rapid Railgun,"I love snowboarding and this is my dream open world snowboarding game.Steep is a fantastic sports game in many ways.Its open world is vast, fun to explore, and filled with challenges to complete.The game plays greatThe controls are tight and responsive and it is satisfying as hell to pull off tricks and death defying feats in all the sports. Especially in the wingsuit.The audio is fantasticI love the sound of snow crunching and this game does it well. You also hear your gear hit different surfaces. I'm basically trying to say the game is an ear gasm. The music is also great. I listened to the Rock playlist and turned on copyrighted music. There are some good songs. They're also not obnoxiously loud. Songs stay quiet until you begin to snowboard, ski, etc.But I have some gripes.1. The challenges are repetitive, mainly for snowboarding/skiing.The vast majority of challenges are doing tricks before you reach the finish line, and it doesn't play to Steep's strength of its environment. There are some cross-country challenges, where you have to reach a certain point in a given amount of time. These were my favorite because you get to explore the environment more and work your way around it rather than short jumping paths to do another flip or spin. There are also mountain missions that have you follow another rider, discover places, and more. They're fantastic and goofy at times. I found them more memorable than the races and trick challenges.2. There is no custom character.You do get A LOT of clothing options, but you don't get to create your own custom rider. I found this odd because of the crazy amount of clothing items. Balaclavas are included too, thankfully.3. The world feels unpopulated.This is a constant online game, and you will run into other players, but the actual map itself is devoid of life. I'd like to maybe see some NPC's Snowboarding, Skiing, Gliding, etc. Or maybe some avalanches? Wildlife?THERE'S ALSO NO FILTERING ON THE MAP WTF?!UPDATE 1:I'll update this review as I find some other things that may or may not bother me.Jumping:It's REALLY inconsistent. This is probably realistic, but in my honest opinion it's not fun to play. Nothing is more annoying than jumping, moving the left analog stick, or pushing a or d, and seeing your guy do nothing because you released the jump button a little too late or early depending on how the game feels. I understand that there is something to learn here: the right time to jump, but in all the hours I've put in I have yet to find a consistency in it.G-Meter:This is your regenerative health bar. If you land a trick poorly, fall from large heights, or land of rocks, etc. you lose this. The screen goes black and white and you want to avoid doing any tricks or jumping until it recharges (NO MATTER HOW SMOOTH AND SKILLFUL THE LANDING YOU WILL CRASH). It's horribly inconsistent. Sometimes you'll lose all your health on small things or lose nothing at all.It should also be mentioned that there are times when the physics will ♥♥♥♥ YOU. Sometimes if you hit a hill at an angle you'll be sling shot backwards or if you ""try again"" you may spawn in the ground.Season Pass:I rarely ever buy season passes, so I didn't look at it for this game. I did find out that there are some exclusive challenges and sports to it, such as sledding. I think it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and that it should be included in the nearly $100 base game. Just something to be aware of. For all I know the future DLC could be amazing, but I don't recommend buying it. This practice should not be supported.Update 2:While exploring the mountains, I noticed that they are a lot of towns and chair lifts. Sadly, you cannot interact with these. It would be awesome if you could ride the chair lifts, and for the towns to be hubs for players to sit at and possibly invite people to group up based on gameplay style (challenges, exploration, snowboarding, all sports, etc.)Despite my many issues I still can't help but love this game.I love the setting, the free roaming, the graphics, the audio, and the rush that it gives."
,Recommended,460920,30135047,Posted: 23 February,all,MrPewl 👑,"This game is frikin amazing. Especially after the alaska update, theyre updating the mechanics and really improving the game. Its awesome if youre a person like me who loves exploring and is a perfectionist :)"
,Recommended,460920,28227324,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Kara,"If you like Skate, or grew up with SSX, or just plain harbour some love for winter sports, you'll find this is a pleasant combination of the three, which looks gorgeous and runs smoothly.And which is not worth 60 bucks.Must-have buy when on sale, for 30 or below."
76561198043407114,Recommended,460920,28163974,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Cramm789,super relaxing game snow boarding down a mountain jumping off cliffs and wondering how many of these falls a human would not survive.
,Recommended,460920,28214656,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,mago,"Incredible game. Scratches the Skate 3 ""itch"".Few tips:Controller highly recommendedTurn trick safety offDon't hold forward the entire timeLet go up sticks in the air to catch flips"
,Recommended,460920,28271387,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ƒεƒε,"I don't know what happened to Ubisoft lately but it looks like they decided to finally release proper games : Beautiful, well optimized and interesting. Keep up the good work guys.As for Steep, it might be one, if not the, of the most relaxing games i've played.The game is beautiful, the open world is huge. Sure, it has is problems like collisions glitches but free roaming around the mountains, discovering new spots, enjoying some rides or just riding while listening to the great OST feels just good.If you're looking for some SSX like game, pass your way, it's totally different. You won't manage to get some crazy tricks. But if you're patient enough, the trick system is good enough to have fun.PS : Devs, please add the possibility to remove the HUD.Edit : Devs added the possibility of removing the HUD <3"
76561198077423599,Recommended,460920,29354690,Posted: 19 January,all,Mishka,"How to enjoy Steep:1. Dont take this game seriously.This game is fun snowbox, not a hardcore simulator. Its simple, you have everything at the start of the game. Items change your badass look, bu not skill. ""Easy to learn, hard to master""2. Friendship.Grab your friend, or team up with the others, and explore, compete, laugh and share your happines. (i have played both solo and co op, and i have to say that the game plays diffrently in both cases, and doesnt loose its charm)3. Music is good, but yours is better.I personly love in game music, but nothing stops me from opening my YouTube/Spoty account and turn on my favorite music.4. Chill. Just chill and enjoy the mountain. Enjoy every step, every fault, every tree that you have kissed, because if you fail once, you will never fail the same way again.5. Passion.Man it feels good to nail this trail with golden medal! It has been a long time sins  i was so passionate about getting best score. And it feels so good. I guess last game that made me feel same way, was old Trackmania. Sins then non of those racing games gave me the same feeling. I will try, i will fail, but at the end i will allways succeed.6. Make your day.Game offers lots of customization. From Go pro camera to spade on your back. No one look alike, be cool, play cool. Customization touches  not only cosmetic items, but also world as well. Switch from day to night, take your neon suit and slide down with some chill music in background while in go pro view. Trust me, thi is unforgetable. Use your creativity, create your own moments, create your own trails, create your own playstyle.As for me, i might not get 50 or even 20 hours on this game, but those that i have allready are inaf to say that i have spend my money well, because this game gave me experience that i wont forget for a long time. If award for most ""Chill game"" would exist, i would gladly offer Steep as a candidate.Now, lets grab some ""Red Bull"" and 360 no scope that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,460920,28143680,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MasterLeoTheInvincible,"Extreme Sports dreams came true in game first!TBH, ￡40 cannot buy 100% security in real life when youre skydiving and skiing.It will be super cool if VR is supported.Hope u guys enjoy :)"
,Not Recommended,460920,28142493,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Khan,"TL;DR: Wait till it goes on sale. The frustrations this game has outweighs its aesthetics and gameplay value.There are more ways to arrange a deck of cards than there are particles in the observable universe, but Solitaire nonetheless feels a bit ""samey"" after the first few trillion games.The same goes for the challenges. They're each unique, but they're all just ""go through the orange circle"".While it's quite a beautiful game, it isn't long before you'll get frustrated with most of the medium + hard challenges, requiring dozens if not hundreds of attempts before being able to complete some of the more agregious ones.The controls don't feel at all intuitive.Jumping with snowboards feels more like luck rather than skill, wing suits are frustrating in turns greater than 10 degrees, paragliders have an annoying ""wind"" mechanic where you'll end up rocketing skyward (usually when you least want it to happen).The G-force mechanic which serves as health in this game is a nuisance more than anything else.The mountain view. Oh god the mountain view. The camera will not stay at one particular zoom level. At all.If you want to check your place in the world briefly, or plant a flag to work your way towards through the monstrously proportioned game world, you have to sit through two overly long zoom-in and zoom-out animations.It'd certainly be worth your hard-earned money were it priced at a more reasonable $30-40, but $60 for a game you'll more than likely play for 3 or so hours before putting it down and leaving it to rot in your library is just too much. Buy food instead. You deserve it, you beautiful person."
,Not Recommended,460920,28164759,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Drhank,"Great graphics and optimization, plays well. But the price they're asking for and what they're providing simply doesnt translate to me. It's a fun little sport game but not worth the price.And is it just me that gets incredibly annoyed with these kind of games where the story/announcer is always suuuuper impressed by whatever simple tutorial thing I do and basically hailing me as a superstar or something. I remember this from some recent racing games and it's really silly. ""Oh look how amazing you are, you're gonna be the next big star with this sport, because you pressed <Space>!!!""Definitely worth it though if it's on some super cheap sale, afaik it's the best ""snow sports game"" you can get."
,Recommended,460920,31512547,Posted: 2 May,all,Ultium,"My Position: Currently have 66 hours in game and have max level and all achievements.Summary: Steep is the first AAA title to return to the Extreme Winter sports game scene after the genre ran dry for several years. Developed by Ubisoft, it has many of the drawbacks and advantages that come with being the firs tto return to the genre as well as being devolped by a majopr company.Buy or no buy? Depends. Here are some pros and cons that I have run into in Steep.+Pros:Unrivaled polish for the genreGraphics are stunnign on maxGreat Environment that can be explored pratcially foreverPartial Multiplayer Experience (more later)Party System (More later)Decent update rate with more maps and gamemodes comingComprehensive Player Customization-Cons:THE PRICETHE OPTIONAL (however surprisingly unobtrusive) MICROTRANSACTIONSOK party system that caps at 4Physics that can seem slidy at timesMultiplayer system that often leaves the game feeling emptyStange Stamina meter physics that makes any good trick feel like complete luckIncomplete Dare system that won't let you even name your own challenges or share them publiclygraphics that run ok at lower settings but scale very poorly. (i.e. Higher settings become harder to run exponetially)Points of Interest are almost to compeltely find without a guide (Could be a plus for some, though I doubt it)2-3 challenges are near impossible to beat (Though many are fixed now)Conclusion: I am a little harsh on this game, mostly out of love, but also because there are problems with the game that I feel make the game forgetable. Part of the appeal of the extreme sports genre is how timeless they can become and how warmly the people who play them look back on them.So do I think players will look back on Steep with warm hearts 5-10 from now? NO. While other titles like SNOW (A free to play on Steam) come nowhere close to Steep in terms of quality, I have no doubt that other large game companies are looking at what Steep here and taking note.Expect to see EA Winter Sports coming soon, as well as other large names entering the field after Steep. Perhaps when gamers go to open their history books, they'll see Steep as the first quirky little seed of a larger green forest.Thanks for reading. :D"
76561198037332014,Recommended,460920,32970560,Posted: 28 June,all,staplejw,"Fun, easy, and relaxing. Quality except for Winterfest DLC. That can go fall off a tall cliff as far as I'm concerned."
,Recommended,460920,30907282,Posted: 2 April,all,Kemo,"A Steep price for a mountain of funSteep is an extreme winter sports simulator developed by everyone’s favourite company, Ubisoft. (Don’t let that put you off). It predominantly features the Alps but Ubisoft recently introduced some Alaskan slopes too as part of a free update. In Steep you take to the slopes with a snowboard or skis or you take to the skies with a wingsuit or a paraglider. You can complete challenges and events already in the game or you can simply explore the mountain, finding new points of interest, challenges and the best lines you can come up with.When you first get to the Alps, you’ll be struck by the game’s beauty (even if you’re running it on Medium/Low like I am). The dev team did a great job at creating the Alps in-game and you’ll get some truly stunning vistas fairly regularly in the game. Hurtling through a lush forest or gliding your way to a different peak, it’s going to look good. There are some muddier textures which look a bit rough when you get up close (particularly rock textures) but I didn’t see those too often.The ‘main way’ to play the game is through the challenges and events. Of course, you don’t have to these but they are the best way to unlock Steep credits (used to purchase customization options) and earn EXP (some events have level requirements). There are a few different kinds of events. You have Freestyle events (snowboard or skis) in which you have to score a certain amount of points, you also have Extreme Rider events where you score points by narrowly dodging objects. Bonebreaker challenges can be wingsuit or ground events, they feature doing ridiculous things that inevitably lead to you knocking the ever-living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your rider several times before success (they’re a lot of fun). You also get race events for the wingsuit and paragliding disciplines. There are also some story-ish ‘challenges’ called Mountain Stories which attempt to tell you a story while you complete objectives such as destroying snowmen or following another rider. Personally, I didn’t see the point in trying to tell a story with the game but the challenges themselves are pretty fun.So, as I mentioned, some challenges require scoring a certain number of points to be successful. Unfortunately, the game’s trick controls suck and there are no tutorials to help you. The only tutorials are for how you can ollie and then flip or spin, which is good to know but will net you hardly any points. For snowboarding or skiing it’s all about the grabs you do and the game doesn’t teach you how to do anything other than the most basic grab. I had to look up a separate tutorial to figure out how to do and start getting decent scores on jumps. Getting combos is also very important for racking up high scores, the only way to end a combo is to fall over which happens if you take a few hits (bad landings or riding into an object) or if you just go head first into the ground, that’ll mess you up pretty good surprisingly enough.Now, as much as I enjoy Steep and I think Ubisoft Annecy did a good job with it, there is one part of this game which is simply unforgiveable. It’s always online (and Ubi servers can’t be connected to if you have University WiFi without a VPN connection). It’s one of the most ridiculous design decisions I’ve ever seen in a game. The multiplayer aspect of Steep isn’t even slightly interesting, you can see other riders around the mountain (since you’re always online) and you can group together with them but that just means that the game lets you know what you’re doing and lets you compete with their scores on challenges you’re both doing. Sure, it’s an okay implementation of multiplayer and it can be kind of cool but it most certainly isn’t worth having the game always online. I really hope they add offline functionality before they inevitably shut down the servers. As much as I like the game and want to like Ubisoft for making it, you can’t argue anything other than this is a super ♥♥♥♥♥♥ move on their behalf.As I mentioned earlier, there are a few different rewards for completing challenges. Levelling up your rider is done by earing EXP from challenges which then unlocks new event challenges (like a Red Bull Extreme Rider event) and new Mountain Story events. Some challenges reward you with items such as new helmets, boards, wingsuits etc. that can only be unlocked by completing said challenges. Lastly, you earn Steep credits (the in-game currency) which can be used to buy more items from the in-game store such as ridiculous unicorn costumes, an imp wingsuit as well Helicopter tickets. Helicopter tickets are used to drop you anywhere on the mountain, very handy if you don’t fancy a trek up a steep incline to find a new dropzone. The customization options can be pretty fun to mess around with but they’re definitely not the main focus of the game and it’s really easy to earn Steep credits so there’s no need to pay for microtransactions.One of Steep’s strongest points is how quickly the game changes pace. If you want to find your own line from a dropzone it can be an incredibly relaxing experience that’ll take your mind off of the real world for a while. It can also be a controller smashingly infuriating game when you’re playing the hardest challenges, failing time and time again before you finally get the sweet satisfaction of beating the challenge.Last but not least, this is not a $60 game. I paid $30 for the base game which I’m happy with but I think I’d probably feel different about the game if I had dropped $60 on it. There’s a lot of content here, I still have plenty more to do, and you can create your own content too (finding your own lines etc.) if that’s your kind of thing but this is one to pick up on a sale of at least 50% off.VerdictSteep is a niche game and it doesn’t come without issues but it’s an incredibly enjoyable game that takes you from exhilarating wingsuit challenges, dipping and diving down cliff-sides, to relaxing snowboard rides through a snow-covered forest. It’s well worth picking up on sale whether it’s the kind of game you’d usually play or if you’re looking for something a tad different.El K."
76561198023957622,Not Recommended,460920,28667923,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sean Chronnery,"Lower the price to something reasonable, and I'll probably pick this game up again in the future. As it sits, it feels a little unpolished and unfinished for an $80(cad) game. It's alright as it sits, but even on sale, this game just isn't worth the asking price.Ubi, drop this to $20. You'll get more than four times the players, and it's actually reasonable at that price."
,Recommended,460920,28184284,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Tibbles,"I've been a huge fan of snowboarding games since the original SSX and have played just about every Tony Hawk's Pro Skater game except the newest one. Overall at bottom.The Main Drawing PointThe main drawing point to this game is being able to switch between sports at any given moment and having random players show up right next to you as you're playing. This game captures that perfectly. It's got that Journey feel to it where the players that you meet can have a huge impact on the gameplay itself.The Missions and CustomizationsThese aspects of the game are well done. Certain clothing are locked behind missions or require steep cash to buy. Steep cash is rewarded for completing these missions as well and how much is determined on if you got bronze, silver or gold. These provide good incentive for players to have a goal in mind, but also to meet and group up with others who are also trying to complete those missions.ControlsThe controls are difficult to grasp and from experience are much more suited to a controller. Keyboard and Mouse are fantastic for FPS games where controllers don’t do so well. Controllers are much more suited for Sports games where keyboard and mouse aren't that great. Doing tricks in this game is one of the main reasons why controllers are just about a must have for Steep. The way you do tricks, put simply, is very much like Skate 3 and fits a controller.Turn off trick safety if you aren't able to do tricks the way you want. It prevents you from doing a trick if you won't be able to land it in time. (Personally prefer it off)OverallOverall I'd give this game an 8.5/10 Fantastic.The game provides a scratch to those who've been itching for a fantastic snow sports game. It's good looking, well optimized and plays well, but way way WAY better if you have a controller. While there are missions, the bulk of fun comes from meeting and grouping up with other players and making the game your own. If you prefer solo play then you just won't get much out of this game. The controls can be difficult at first but with some patience you can master it easily. While the game is everything I've been wanting it obviously isn't going to be friendly for everyone and has some gameplay qwerks that can be off putting to some causing it to receive my score."
,Recommended,460920,31331353,Posted: 23 April,all,AStopidChimp,Better than For Honor
,Recommended,460920,33827036,Posted: 27 July,all,korjal,Relieving my itch for skate 4
76561198131172496,Recommended,460920,28186999,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Floor Puck,"This is a great game.The fact that there are 0 loading screens except for when you first boot the game blows my mind. You can pop anywhere you want at any time and you'll be there instantly. The map is massive and it's only going to get bigger with the FREE Alaska map dlc. Tons of customization from wacky costumes to serious snow gear. The controls take a little bit to get used to but once you get it, there's only room for improvement. The skill cap is ridiculously high. You can Spawn at the top of a mountain, make a line and then share that line with your friends as a challenge, race, best jump, etc. It has its glitches but no game breaking ones I've seen yet. Did I forget to mention the game is BEAUTIFUL? Everytime you do anything in this game it's screenshot worthy because of the beautiful Vistas. As someone who put 30 hours into the beta and 25 so far since release I highly recommend this to anyone looking for something new and fun."
,Recommended,460920,33015188,Posted: 29 June,all,OGJASKA,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing great of corse you need seasonpass but for me all of this has been worht it.+ Good controls with PS4 controller+ Good music+ Creative missions and costumes+ Nice graphis+ I have played 22hr and I have still 70% mission done+ Big world no loading times+ Pretty stady FPS+ Very creative DLC:S- To many boring mission- Need litle bit more stuff on the mountain too much only snow- Bad keyboard and mouse controls
,Recommended,460920,28153437,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ReinforcedTRUMP,"A fantastic game for anybody who likes exploration and chill games. Some of the mechanics are a bit clunky at the moment but it's nothing the devs can't fix. Based on the map size of the Alps (and considering the Alaska map that will get released later with this game), I can say that the amount of routes/slopes that you can find is seemingly endless. If you are looking for replayability, this is definitely your game!I enjoyed the hell out of the beta and I can't wait to explore what else is out there. I have faith that the developers will continue to add new content to help improve the game over time."
76561197987526601,Recommended,460920,28652034,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,UnfriendlyToast,"Disclaimer----First things first to properly play this game you must go to the options and turn tricks safety off. Without doing this the game plays itself. It feels clunky in that you feel a massive disconnect from your player while doing tricks. It wont even let you initiate a trick if it doesn't think you'll land it. In the end if not turned off it just simply isant fun.I feel it is unfortunate that many of the  gripes people have with the game in general attribute it to the tricks safety option being on. Please give it a try without, and be willing to learn how to do tricks on your own.Review---As a game that didn't really catch me in the beta, Steep really surprised me in both gameplay and progression. The physics feel great. Beyond a few glitches here and there regarding loss of momentum, they function wonderfully. The first few times down the mountain I just gained speed and barreled down like a lunatic. As my snowboarder/skier was speeding up he was hitting the bumps faster, and faster. Until I was going so fast that without me properly maneuvering I was tossed like a rag doll from the force of the bump. Some people may be turned off by the harsh reality that you do not have heels of steel and your bones may very well buckle under the force. But I think this adds to the fun, this forces you to manipulate the physics with the terrain. While also keeping a basic idea of what the human body can take in mind. Im personally a huge fan of dieing again and again cause I got impatient and just demanded speed. Falling can be half the fun. Keep in mind Steep is by no means a hard game but it captures the feeling that you can do anything if you can use all the mechanics well enough. And once you learn to properly carve, trick, etc. The game opens up a bit.New events and areas of the mountain can be slowly unlocked by leveling up. You can do this by doing challenges, or simply by playing. You can view all of the events either by using your mountain view(World Map) or browse within your menu to see quickly whats new. When I played I said !♥♥♥♥! that! And scaled the god damn mountain on foot and found a bunch of cool areas right away. This took for ever but I wanted to see what the game was made of right off the bat.I love the option to explore and just get there anyway despite the level requirement to technically fast travel there. The game even rewards you XP for exploring. So I was pleased to see I wasn't limited to grinding early snowboard, or... Any parachute missions for that matter, before getting to the good stuff. (oh yeah, real quick the parachute missions are awful,boring ,and slow...  They just suck it doesn't hurt the game, I just ignore them till I inevitably have to do them). Where as the wing suit is exiting fast and fun. There are a surprising amount of areas that are tucked away that blew my mind when I found them. Be aware one of the best features of the game is the ability to switch to any of the other sports on the fly by simply stopping. Some of the most fun ive had with the wing suit was after being half way down the mountain on a snowboard, just finding a spot that looks nuts. No event, No mission, just pure discovery. Thinking, is this high enough to get enough lift? When it all comes down to it I find myself never using one sport for very long, and this is one of the games biggest strengths. While also being one of its biggest weaknesses. I love the game, Its scratching that skate itch that is oh so hard to reach now a days, but I would love to see some more sports added, purhaps a snowmobile? I feel boredom may loom in the future, but for now its the perfect hot seat game to play with friends. In the end though wanting more is rarely a bad thing, and with the promise of added sports I know ill at least check them out in the future even if I put this game down. It really is the most relaxing game on my list and fills a niche that no other game currently does. Perfect after work, kick back kinda game.-In short the multuiplayer does a good job at making the mountain not a lonely Barron place, by populating areas with random players.The mupltiplayer fuction is great but limited. As far as moment to moment gamplay is concerned it places players randomly (it seems) into your game world. This works pretty well, I find people disappearing and returning sometimes but its not breaking. The game is at its best if you find a group willing to move together. The group up feature works great, simply by tapping x near another player will send a invite, once recieved all they have to do is press x to accept. I would like to have had options to possibly add more players. 4 player max feels a tad small, although I could see the sheer scope and speed of the game limiting the devs. My biggest complaint though is that there apears to be no way to directly compete with your fellow badasses. You can beat high scores and beat race times which is great. But it just doesnt make up for not being able to race neck and neck with another player. down the mountain.Shareing and replays work great but not quite as good as skate. I have not found a way to share more then one run, which is a bit ehh. I will be tinkering with this feature more. Although it comes down to this really is a social game and i found a lot of fun to be found in watching others replays and sharing the expierince.In closing I waited until it was on a $40 sale. Which really I have to say is the perfect price for this game. I feel like I got a great value for the content, I'm still having loads of fun, and at this point would even say if i put it down for good it was worth playing. It is one of the few games that me and my girlfriend can sit down and play for hours without getting bored and for that I thank you UBI soft."
,Recommended,460920,33586029,Posted: 16 July,all,Gombel,"Review from a 15 years old guy.I love snowboarding in real life, and this game is very fun to play.I bought this game when it came out and I was very impressed by the graphics and the map, the map in steep is huge. I like that, there is always some new place you can try out, which is very fun. Its also very beginner friendly, but I would 100% recommend playing with a PS4 or Xbox controller, personally I use an Xbox controller, which is perfect for me.MissionsThe missions in steep are mostly funny, there are a few missions that is a little bit boring, but generally is very funny, and you're able to unluck new cloth and snowboards/skies, which is very cool.Pros and ConsPros:- Good sounds- Greate graphics- Good controls- Fun to play with controller- Great missions- Creative DLC'S- Huge map- No loading time- Very realistic- Beginner friendlyCons:- A few boring missions- Bad keyboard and mouse controls- Very expensive, I would say 40 euro is betterHope the review helped you, if you have more questions just add my steam account and you can ask :)-Gombel"
,Recommended,460920,29494540,Posted: 25 January,all,Scrub,"My ultimate game dream finally came true, an open world game where you can ski..For real though Dev's should consider adding the ability to fly your quadcopter.  It would be useful for filming friends going down the hill. Not to mention it would be awesome!11/10 would K.O again.*Update*I got to the top of the tallest mountain and looked down. It was pretty steep."
,Recommended,460920,28356232,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Yolo Swaggins,"Steep is a pretty casual and fun game, its stress relieving and overall just fun to snowboard down a mountain and do some tricks, i personally love the snowboard and havent used the other 3 sports (skiing, paragliding and wingsuit). I have been snowboarding once or twice a few years ago so sort of relate. I feel like the other 3 sports are underused i have as of writing this review 6.6 hrs and i have seen only one person using skiis. Its opitional whether to use skiis or snowboards in the challenges.If you are going to get this game wait for a sale since i would say the only real con about this game is the price, 59,99 is too much for what it offers, around 29.99 is probably the max price i would say this game can go for.For more fun turn offtrick safety"
,Recommended,460920,29931292,Posted: 14 February,all,Numor,"If you had the option to be skiing right now instead of playing video games would you do that? If yes then buy this game, you'll love it. If not then it's probably not worth the $60. Wait for a sale or skip."
76561197977653787,Recommended,460920,28305288,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,cactus22minus1,"This game is everything I hoped it would be ever since the original preview at E3. If you like games with less structure and anxiety, this game is for you. Full of beauty and awesome shared moments with strangers."
76561198076082541,Recommended,460920,31923102,Posted: 23 May,all,『CinnamonWaffle』,"Like winter sports? like falling on your face? like a game where you can blast your music and just let go of your troubles? Like repeating a race over and over again because you just can't land that one flip over a jump? Nothing like this game to scratch that itch, folks!"
,Recommended,460920,28321657,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,ChuckDanson,"When I heard about Steep, I thought it sounded like a great idea for a game but there would be no way it would be done right or hold my attention. I'm happy to say my speculation was drasticly wrong.While it doesn't hold your hand to get started, the first few missions are relatively easy to identify and give you just enough information to continue your exploration. You only need to be mildly curious to start your adventure into the vast playable area of the Alps. The more you play, the more curious you will get. This map has a ton to offer and is bafflingly huge. Seriously, zoom in on yourself on the map and slowly zoom out. Your mind will be blown.Among the things to do in this game are, snowboarding, skiing, paragliding, and windsuiting. Within each of these sports, there are many different types of challenges. From racing, to freestyle, to finess manuevering in the snowboarding and skiing sports, to skydiving, proximity racing and stunt racing in the windsuiting, there is plenty to keep you interested. Paragliding features racing, but where it really shines is when you use it to explore the mountain, peacefully taking in the breathtaking scenery. It truly is a beautiful world.All of these things are at your fingertips at anytime. UI and the map allow you to seamlessly teleport to any discovered point at anytime and use whatever equipment you want from any point on the map.Technically, the game has been supurb for me. I play at 2x hdr on my 2560x1080 monitor will max settings and Multisample AA off. I also upped the pixel multipler to 110%.One con of the game, and this is just a personal thing, is that i can't directly share replays from the game to social media. I'd like to see this feature added in the future.Let me know if you have any concerns about the game. I truly believe it is worth the $60 as it will keep you engaged for many hours of spectacular fun.9/10"
,Not Recommended,460920,28175123,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Deadman Wonderland,"Very fitting name given the price of the game.It's fine and fun, but ultra repetitive. Make no mistake, the only difference in the different types of way to go down the mountain are in terms of speed, otherwise, it's a pretty shallow experience.Skis- Really fastSnowboard - pretty fastWingsuit - average speedParachute - ridiculously slowI gave it a good shot but after a little more than an hour I could feel that this was going to be one of those games that after the initial buzz wore off, I'd never go back to it again.BTW, ran at a solid 60 FPS, with everything maxed and shadows on low (I always set shadows to low in every game) and I have a very average AMD 8320, 8gig ram and a Geforce 1060"
,Recommended,460920,28160795,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Doctormix,"Played ""Open Beta"" when the game came out, and have to say I've been hooked from day 1. There were a few technical flaws, and the game control scheme can take some getting used to, but the released game is a best wintersports game I've ever played.It's the type of game that can be frustrating at first, but with practice is extremely fun and rewarding. The game offers 4 different sports (Skiing, Snowboarding, Paragliding, and Wing-suiting) which give the player different ways of exploring and tricking down the mountain.But have to say that the ""Paragliding"" feels a bit boring and non attractive, but Skiing, Snowboarding and Wing-suit feels awesome. Those looking for the next SSX, arcade-style game will be disappointed. This game strives for a more realistic and scenic take on extreme snow games, where each run has to be approached strategically."
,Recommended,460920,29365357,Posted: 19 January,all,-BMF-,"Im pleasantly surprised with this game, it runs and plays great and if you have done snow sports in real life it feels pretty natural to start hitting the hills! The game has a allways online function but in my opinion it adds to the immersion because you will see other people around you hitting the hills and wiping out and stuff also I have never had a DC or lag in the 11 hours I have played so server stability seems good. With the graphics maxed out and a mix of MSAA and supersampling Steep still runs at above 60 FPS on a GTX980. The game seems well optimised and is fully utilizing the hardware running it. I play with a friend most the time and getting our group going is easy and quick and shredding the different challanges together is alot of fun. I have never really been a fan of snow sports games but this one caught my eye and im glad it did because I can see myself playing alot more before the fun wears off!"
76561198285740650,Recommended,460920,28199161,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Swole Cuck,"Steep is an open world extreme sports game. If you decide to play with friends get ready for some competitive gameplay in an extremely unforgiving enviroment. This isnt your average open world game but it holds true to its name i have played 41 hours with multiple friends helping to discover everything and still am no where close to riding every part of the mountains.If your looking for a game to really sink some hours into this is a must have. No matter what you expect from this game you will not be disapointed. The gameplay and visuals are absolutely SAVAGE, once you try it you wont put it down for a while."
,Recommended,460920,28200811,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,All-Amerikkkan bada$$,"One of the best games I have ever played, I recommend using a controller as using a keyboard and mouse is hard, it says partial controller support when really it supports controllers just as well as it supports a keyboard. Beautiful game"
,Recommended,460920,28437314,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Robert Plant,Very Fun I love the game it is very relaxing i would recomend using a controller to play though
76561198202486731,Recommended,460920,28214002,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Mega Heart Attack,It's skate 3 but snow
,Recommended,460920,28436082,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,seaGULLS,"the lovechild of SSX and Skate 3.this game is a really chill, fun and exciting free roam sports game set in a gigantuous map set in the french / swisse alps. the tricks are fun and difficult to pull off, pre made lines are good and making your own is the most fun youll have in a while. random encounters with strangers are always rewarding and sharing lines with friends is dope. id say that the graphics are pretty good, but certaintly could be better.some would say that the price is, well, a little STEEP for what it is, but i enjoy this game alot and find myself getting lost in it every time i play.UPDATE close to 60 hours in, forgot how much i love this game. i play whenever i am sad or unhappy and it makes me feel good inside"
,Recommended,460920,28184592,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Gottaburn,"Let's jump into it!Literally!!!From the first step you take in the steep tutorial you get introduced to the beautiful and breathtaking world of Steep.You start off by doing the tutorial. If you proceed slowly and pay attention to the instructors tips and hints, you will be a professional anytime soon.You can chose between the challanges Ubisoft created for you or just buy helicopter tickets and go for an unreachable location to start freeriding. To spice things up, you can invite friends or random people which you pass by and create challanges for your party!MechanicsI am not sure if it is my personal controller handling or something, but paragliding needs some tweaks. The AI's fly off with an unseen speed while I am stuck at a relatively low speed. (Once again, could be just me)Sound / MusicF... me sideways in the most collosal way you can imagine...The sound effects are so damn accurate. The way that the powder snow stamps together as you ride over it is very very very (very x 10000) realistic.The music is something I find very fitting to the challanges and the game in general, although I think there should be a bigger variation? I only heared about 4-5 different songs so far.SuggestionsMusic: Unlock new tracks as you enter new zones or by doing challanges.Maybe even by purchasing them with the in-game currency.Switching Riding styles whilemid air.Let the hate flow trough on this suggestion, but I think it should be awesome to switch from snowboarding to paragliding if you make a big jump aka big air.This would be a nice update which I would love to see happening in steep.Thank youA special thanks and a brief moment off silence for the developers, riders and everyone who has put a hand on this piece of artwork. I trust that Ubisoft as well as the Steep crew will take this game to certain hights.Estelle BaletYou were too young to leave the snowboarding scene.I am sure you would love this game as well.You are missed Estelle!Take care, the brightest star!"
,Recommended,460920,34502182,Posted: 26 August,all,Sam,good but too much money
76561198154028017,Recommended,460920,34132235,Posted: 9 August,all,DheGesh hellcase.com,I broke my arm irl because of this game11/10 realism
,Not Recommended,460920,30670276,Posted: 22 March,all,AudioOwl,"If I could give this game a mixed  review, I would.The best way to describe it is that it's fun in bursts.It's fun for a bit, but there isn't really enough there to compell you to pick this game to play above anything else in you library.It also doesn't help that the game's WAY too much for what it is."
,Recommended,460920,28223734,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,)))))][(((((,A very beautiful and relaxing winter sports experience in one of the most beautiful open worlds I've seen.
,Recommended,460920,28249351,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rushork,"Played the beta, bought the game straight after its release.Pros:-Open World-Every run is different and unique-Online is smooth for meeting random players.-Good CustomizationCons:-World is big, but not that big-Tricks/Jumps seem repetitive-Playing with friends is all right but sometimes glitchy.-18 hours in, allready reached max level (25)So basically this game is pretty good but like every game it has flaws. Do not get this game if you don't like grinding since the only way to get money is by completing missions/challenges. One good thing is the ""Specialities"" you can choose; basically there like 4 or 5 different ways you can snowboard: Blue, Green, Orange, Black and the colours are the different points you get so like if you go on ice you get orange points (extreme) and if you go around places and explore then you get green points (explorer). The controls when you first start of can be a bit weird but once you get into the game you learn enhanced tricks and stuff like that. All in all I would probably say get this game if you have loads of money but if your poor wait for the sales."
76561198024364669,Recommended,460920,28149191,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pixelchaser,"Steep satisfies my mountain sports gaming requirments and hopefully is the start of a series of adrenalin fueld extreme sports game franchises.The price is high, however its not a cash grab by ubisoft. its the start of a new franchise and its first iteration should be built upon by further support.The price is normal for a AAA studio title in todays world. but still to some its suggested as being to Steep for them. but the play per hour rate is fantastic. 200 hours minimum i am expecting. The quality of this game is not on a par with anything else ive seen. and extreme sports games are one of my goto game genre . The genre in general is bereft of attention. The developers have captured the sheer feeling of mountain life and the fun associated with the sports on offer.As a fan of similar genres such as tony hawk and skate series. and shaun whites snowboarding game. and everythin else Steep is the next iteration of such titles. I snowboard and skateboard in real life and Steep scratches the itch i have. When played with friends it is very reminsicent of my time spent doing the mountain thing in real life. the planning. the exploring. which really is exploring given the vast scope of whats presented. the mountain landscape size available is certainly life like. taking around 20- 30 minuites to ""safely"" reach the bottom so to speak. and that is if you have navigated it correctly.Very happy with the purchase is all i can end this with. Smooth release by ubisoft. servers fine for first day. never thought id see the day that ubisoft cares about their own product but it appears to be that. . Steep was made with love by people that love mountain life and the associated gaming that can be had from it. the ""Art"" of game creation is contained within I am pleased to say."
76561198154614025,Not Recommended,460920,28486919,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Padawan1993,Not worth the 60 euro's. I would recommend buying this when it is in sale.
,Recommended,460920,32798202,Posted: 25 June,all,Colin,"Gets really intense when trying to get some gold medals but that makes it interesting, wingsuiting is also hard and aggrivating."
,Recommended,460920,32798298,Posted: 25 June,all,DragonPixels,I love steep it is sooo fun to play! The graphics are the best I’ve seen ever! I recommend this game to anyone who loves snowboarding and skiing etc
,Recommended,460920,28172175,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,PG5K,"This game is pretty fun for the first 15-20 hours, so I would say it's worth the money.There are however some downsides to this game.- Bugs- ProgressionWhen it comes to bugs, there's a lot of minor ones, and they add up. Camera issues, physics that make very little sense, stuff like that.Progression is a slighly bigger issue. As you progress in the game, it stops being about you doing the ""coolest tricks"" and starts being more of a ""do the same tricks, but avoid a million rocks while you do it"". I don't personally like it, and it will be the reason I eventually stop playing. I'm looking forward to the DLC though."
76561198027986118,Recommended,460920,28182140,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,phatbyte,"I love this game, super chilling and yet so fun and challenging. Perfect for this time of year.This is not SSX and that's ok, in fact, this is exactly what I was looking for. An adul,t sober, without over the top tricks and stunts, that makes you feel you in the alpes with awesome view and sunset with a hot chocolate waiting for your down the mountain.Pros:- Amazing graphics- Unlike so many reviews, the controllers are just perfect with a gamepad. Feels solid and easy to grasp.- Great challenges, with different sports. You will never be bored exploring it.- Open world, awesome to chill, put some music and have some fun in the alpesCons:- Music is cool, but it would be awesome if you could use your own spotify playlists- Bugs, I caught a few bugs that prevented me from starting an event sometimes. Eg: respawn inside a rock :O- Replay camera modes could be better, more cinematicI give it a 8.5/10"
76561198043845342,Recommended,460920,31757351,Posted: 14 May,all,Aisling,"I remember back in my Xbox pleb days I had this game called Shaun White Snowboarding. Steep is so much better. The landscape is breathtaking, and once you figure out the controls (A bit wonky without a controller) your in for a treat. The soundtrack is relaxing, the challenges difficult, and the world is massive. One small nitpick would be the voice work...the lines are super cheesy and some of the charcters are down right annoying. That aside I highly reccomend this game."
,Recommended,460920,31959788,Posted: 25 May,all,Zacheous,"What ""Skate"" is to Tony Hawk games, ""Steep"" is to Shaun White games.Basically on a whole new level of scope and realism.Only thing it's lacking in is the tricks department but to my surprise ubisoft already added grinding, a town to parkour in, and plans to add more. The game is actually being updated and supported.Absolutely worth a buy if you like snowboarding OR ski'ing."
,Not Recommended,460920,30741150,Posted: 25 March,all,Superultimate12,"Honestly, with only under 2 hours of gameplay for Steep I can't say much, but I can definitely say that Steep is a great game. Beautiful Graphics, Beautiful (ish) controls, Beautiful Gameplay with an infinite number of things to do, whether it be gliding, parachuting, skiing, snowboarding, or playing Co-op with your friends. The map is very Open-World with endless snow parks and places for you to do epic tricks, and big enough that you might never find all the locations. That usually means this game is good.However... The game does depend on a continous internet connection. Which ruins the game for me as I have to redo whatever challenge I was playing Every 20 Minutes because Steep automatically boots you back to the loading menu as soon as your internet goes wrong, for me, this happens a lot, and unfortunately warrants a refund for unplayability. it also extends the loading time for the game longer than other games (even the ones that also require internet connections) since it's played like an MMO. However, if you have a good, steady PC with great connection, than you should definitely get this game and play it.I'm conflicted about giving it a 'Yes Recommendation' for the greatness of the game itself or a 'No Recommendation' Because my experience with it wasn't the best."
76561198136558993,Recommended,460920,34893273,Posted: 11 September,all,sinistermusix,Pros:Pretty GraphicsRuns well on PCMechanics feel well balancedGood sense of speedlots of freedom to play your waythey added an offline modeConsMicrotransactionsEnviroments get samey
76561198039005520,Recommended,460920,28222770,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Wise Man,"Personally, I am loving the game! I have a ton of fun just cruising lines with the chill play list going. It's super relaxing. The environment is absolutely beautiful! This is especially apparent when you using the wing suit and flying around the environment. There have been plenty of times where I have just been wow'ed by how realistic and picturesque it looks! Carving with ski or snowboard down the mountains is so much fun! You can tell that the devs put a lot of love into this game. Some cons for me have been the challenges. There isn't a whole lot of direction with them and when you unlock a new challenge, it's hard to know where it is. There are a couple of little bugs with the trick system and handling that can be a bit annoying but they are minor. Over all, Steep is the first game that I have truly enjoyed that hasn't involved guns and violence, not that that is band thing. I would definitely recommend it despite the price tag. I have zero regret paying $60 for the game."
,Recommended,460920,28222179,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,bpG´ 1334,"Steep is a cool game if you have are willing to make fun challanges on youre own.After Lever 25 you basicly have played most of the ubisoft created challanges and you need explore the ""sandbox"" game youreself.If you want to grind levels dont buy steep, if you want to have fun in a sandbox game with friends buy it."
,Recommended,460920,32890153,Posted: 27 June,all,damajor4linux,"Just a great game !Really fun, nice social features, and huge open world."
,Recommended,460920,28192806,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Lob,"Excellent game!  I bought this mostly for the snowboarding, but the other sports are great as well.  This genre has been neglected for some time, and it's such a relief that Steep delivers.  The day after release, I played for over eight hours straight without a hint of boredom (highly unusual for me).Start with the challenges, but stay for the exploration and sharing features.  It took me a bit over two hours to even start appreciating the scope of this game.  For those complaining about the standard triple-A price tag, this map alone justifies it.  You really can go anywhere, and it is impossible to fully appreciate the map without dropping in hundreds – if not thousands – of times.  I have found nothing but beautiful, diverse, well-crafted areas that are perfect for exploration and creating your own lines.  At the time of this review (about ten hours in-game), I have not even seen most of the map (much less been bored or run out of things to do).  I already know that I will be racking up hundreds of hours with Steep.The trick system does take some time to get used to, but eventually become quite intuitive.  I highly recommend watching the official Ubisoft tutorial videos over on YouTube.  This is a true triple-A title:  fantastic gameplay, well-optimized, bug-free, zero connectivity issues, and excellent graphics.  I have no hesitation supporting it at full price, and will be purchasing any DLC that comes out (assuming it is of the same high quality)."
,Recommended,460920,28979444,Posted: 3 January,all,BurtStanton,"The more time I spend in Steep the more I am enjoying it.  I find I spend most of my time just riding down the mountain with no objective but to relax and explore.  Skiing and snowboarding feel different enough where I find myself picking between the two for certain challenges.  Wingsuit flying is way more fun than I ever thought it would be.  The more difficult wingsuit challenges that send you flying through canyons and around rock formations can be quite tricky and require a lot of trial and error figuring out the correct line to hit the checkpoints.  When you finally get the right line it is supremely satisfying.  Paragliding is the aspect of the game I have spent the least time with and haven't had the same enjoyment as I have with the other 3 sports.  Though with time and practice that may change.  It is very useful for scaling mountain sides and getting up to new spots to ski or wingsuit from.Coming from the SSX series the trick system took several hours to get used to.  I guess you could say it was a ""Steep"" learning curve... for me at least.  You can't prewind for rotations like in SSX, you do your rotations and flips after you have jumped and the timing can be critical.  Timing your jump also seems to be more important here.  Late jumps will really hurt your ability to do any trick at all and early jumps will limit your air time.  Tricks feel more rooted in realism here than SSX and there is nothing along the lines of an uber trick to be found.  All of this makes it so much more satisfying to land a big trick.Challenges are plentiful and varied.  You can participate in freestyle trick competitions looking to get the most points possible.  Variations on this include getting the most point on one jump or getting a big score on a line that may not be so conducive to freestyle riding.  There are free ride challenges in which your objective is to reach the finish line in the most expeditious manner.  Some of them have checkpoints you need to hit while others just have a finish line and it's up to you to find the fastest line possible.  Wingsuit challenges mostly consist of proximity flying and extreme challenges.  Proximity flying nets you point for flying in ""proximity"" to the ground and obstacles.  The extreme challenges are the most fun (to me) as I had mentioned above.  Paraglide challenges I don't have that much experience so I can't really say.  There are also some fun challenges in the vein of SKATE when your objective is to get the worst fall.  You achieve this by getting the most g's inflicted on your rider in a single fall.  I am only 44% through the game so there may be even more challenges out there that I haven't tried yet.  You can also make your own challenges to share with friend simply by riding a line and then sharing it afterwards and setting which type of challenge you'd like it to be.Plenty of gear to collect and customize your riders.  All of the gear is purely cosmetic and don't offer any boosts to your riders like they would in an SSX.  All lot of it you can buy with the in game currency you earn from challenges and some is only unlocked by completing certain Mountain Stories or achieving a certain medal on a challenge.  Gear ranges from normal jackets and pants to some pretty outlandish full costumes.  There is enough there to make your rider look unique out on the slopes.I know a lot of people are comparing this game to the SSX series.  You can't really compare the two as they are very different products but the comparisons are inevitable.  If you are looking for the over the top point fests of say SSX Tricky then this may not be the game you are looking for.  The closest the SSX series comes to what Steep is was SSX 3.  If you, like me, had a lot of fun just starting at the top of the mountain and free riding your way to the bottom, then you'll enjoy Steep's vast open mountain world.Overall a great game so far and I definitely recommend it.TL;DR - If you love winter sports and exploration, definitely check it out.  If you want a trick/point-fest like the SSX games, I'd still recommend it.  There is enough there for freestyle riders and you may find other parts of the game you enjoy."
76561198151393276,Not Recommended,460920,34342613,Posted: 18 August,all,connorjd02,"Do not recommend unless an offline mode is patched. I can't even play for five minutes without it shutting off and restarting because 'internet failure' when I have full internet connection. It is a beautiful game but it desperately needs a single player, even though it remotely mentions that it does have a single plater by saying 'you can play alone'. This game would be a hundred times better without restarting all of the time and actually having a single player mode. A beautiful game like this shouldn't only be multiplayer and certainly shouldn't disconnect every time the internet drops even slightly. Not worth it to buy unles your computer is right next to the router, because chances are, you wont be able to play."
76561198173293466,Recommended,460920,28262606,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,nitr0x606,"Played the crap out of the Beta and really enjoyed it, caved and bought it before it was on sale. I am terrible at anything winter sports related and will probably never base jump in my life so this is a good fix, enjoy carving up the hill or doing challenges alone or with friends. You can link up with 3 other friends for fun on the slope. Can customise your rider down to the boots, gloves and accessories on your backpack etc.Fun10Exploration10Controls9Price7/8Soundtrack10"
,Recommended,460920,28196549,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,SirusTheMadDJ,"Outside of the time shown, I've also played in two betas. The closed beta at the start of November, and the last open beta a week or so ago.While I can certainly argee with the comments about the game not being worth the full price tag, it's a decent enough title to just blow an hour or two on. Either to attempt the runs left by the developers, or to just unwind and chill out or go as mental as you want.The controls are a little confusing if you're coming off titles like the SSX series, and the G-Force system makes the later trick based challenges a pain given the seemingly random nature of it, but outside of that and a bit of practise, you can pull off some pretty epic jumps.EDIT. As with the release of Alaska, they've now changed the flip/spin system so that you can ""preload"" the rotation before the jump. This is a mild improvement, but still is a little tricky as you still have full control of turning.The only real down sides I can think of right now, outside of the price, is that I don't agree with the hard limit of four players to a lobby, if the lobby system is even working. I spot the odd player or two spawning somewhere near me, and then they either vanish, or spend most of the ten minutes I can see them 10k meters away. Add to that and the need to physically behind them to invite to the party, and I seriously question why Ubisoft did it this way. There also seems to be a few issues with inviting friends, but I cannot comment on that due to no-one else playing this.Overall, I'd wait for a price drop or more content before pulling the trigger. It's rare enough for games like this to come out on the platform, and Steep certainly is worth trying, outside of a few questionable design choices.I mean, currently your only other option is SNOW. And I don't think I need to explain the differences there, do I?"
,Recommended,460920,31277194,Posted: 21 April,all,HoomanSA7,Great optimization . liked the enviroment and gameplay
,Recommended,460920,28819901,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,zachboris,"Love it!!!I am absolutely in love with this gamepros:- stunning visuals- fantastic mix of all sports- loads of customisation of character and gear- first person view is absolutely fantasticcons:- jumping sometimes a bit fustrating with input lag- moving through trees in first person viewoverall the cons are minor issues that can be fixed, i dont see much wrong with this game at all"
,Not Recommended,460920,33203404,Posted: 3 July,all,Wyu.// 信 治 ( ｡◕‿ ◕ ),"The Patch from June 26 broke the game and the game crash in the loading screen, and ubisoft gives no support, worst company ever :/UPDATE - 21 July: They released a hotfix to fix everyone with the famouse 2/3 CRASH Glitch caused by the DLC extreme released in June 26. So, now the game should be running for all. I will keep the negative review, since the support was awful, taking longer than 1 week to answer the message and making everyone (with AMD processor) that purchased the game in this specific date for 5 weeks without play the game."
,Recommended,460920,28224959,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,"=1PARA=Jessie @Fort Worth, TX","Ubisoft are seriously getting better with their open world games,  they are keep improving themselves with each tittle.Steep is one of them , map  is huge already and it will expand with future DLCs.There are many fun stuff to do either solo or with friends, snowboarding,skiing,wingsuit,paragliding.It's a great Winter Sports Open World Game and pretty challenging to master all the tricks.If you are fan of  Winter Sports/Extreme Sports/Alpine skiing, then pick this game up, it might be expensive but worth it at the end.There are no Snowkiting,Snowmobiling or Monoski, but they might arrive with DLC."
,Recommended,460920,34059989,Posted: 6 August,all,m.frenzy,This is essentially Test Drive Unlimited Winter Sports Edition.
,Recommended,460920,28890828,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MVme,"So I played the Beta, wasn't too fond of it. Then I saw it was on sale, decided to give it another shot. Figured hey, if I don't like it I can refund within two hours. WELP I WENT OVER MY TWO HOUR LIMIT AND I DON'T WANT TO STOP PLAYING THIS GAME.  My two favorite snowboarding games was Amped, and SSX.  Well.  This is becoming high up there within the few hours I played it.  I highly recommend it if you like snowboarding games."
,Recommended,460920,28183060,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Xtra Squishy,Played 11 hours of it without realising the time just goes by. if you are like me and played games like the crew and just drove around for hours then this is a game you will love its great fun just roaming around the mountain finding new places to jump off or ride down and sometimes bailing out halfway to mix things up.
,Recommended,460920,29635344,Posted: 1 February,all,Polish Girl From Iceland Stream,Closest thing we have to Skate 4 in 2017
,Recommended,460920,28302131,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,bobdylan401,This is the best snowboarding and skiing game that I have ever played hands down. It's the best sport game that I've played hands down. It is absolutely breathtaking. If you liked the freedom of SSX3 and the realism of Skate get this game. You will be thanking me and staying up hours past your bedtime. I know I sure have.
76561198065823285,Recommended,460920,28399539,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,The locomotive Gang,Game is the baby of 1080 snowboarding and skate 3. with wingsuiting and para gliding mixed in.  So much more to this game then the 100 plus challenges and 30 mountain story misions.  So many random sick spots to do whatever sport uw ould like.
,Recommended,460920,28140290,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,AlexMoc,"Smashes head on a rock at 200 km/h, doesn't die.10/10"
76561198073141421,Not Recommended,460920,28190833,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hitler,"Fun, but overpriced."
,Recommended,460920,28439880,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,❤ Gaben Croft ❤,I bought this game on an impulse buy and had a lot of fun with it. This game has fun challenges with some dedicated to literally just crashing down the mountain the quickest. This game is really fun for a while but I'm almost 30 hours in and getting bored with it. I would recommend getting this game on sale or get one of your friends to buy it for you.
,Recommended,460920,33548778,Posted: 14 July,all,Hatless,"Gosh, where do I start with this game. It's gorgeous for one thing. I love snowboarding, be it in reality or in a video game, so maybe it's just my excitement talking, but this game is incredibly fun. Doesn't matter what you're in the mood for, it's here. Speeding down the mountain as fast as you can? Wingsuit jumping off a cliff and flying far too close to jagged rocks than anyone should even think of? Quietly exploring the beautiful map and getting mad when you reach the boundaries? It's all here. There's even challenges to fling your avatar down the mountain and try to take as much damage as possible. Now I will say I bought this game on sale, half price. I'm not entirely opposed to $60.00 for a game if it's going to be good and I'll be playing it for a long time, but I'd greatly prefer a discount. My method is to buy a ridiculous amount of games during the summer sale, play those until winter, and then repeat the process for the winter sale. Saves me some money. Long story short, I highly recommend this game. There's something in it for nearly everyone."
76561198084509756,Recommended,460920,28198720,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,soggy bread,"Overall I have enjoyed this game so far, but I do feel that the price is a little much for what you get... That being said, good, current, snowboarding games with good physics and a large environment are very, very hard to come by. So if you're like me and you are just going into it looking for a great snowboarding/ skiing/ paragliding/ wingsuit experience, you'll enjoy it. Don't go into it looking for a riveting story or deep characters because you will be disappointed.The season pass adding sports that the base game doesn't include is kind of cheesy, especially at the price point of the  game but it doesn't bother me that much because I only really cared about the snowboarding.The one thing I would REALLY like to see in this game would be the added sport of snowmobiling. It would integrate so well in the game especially for finding new locations and if they added that it would be a definite pass for me.Overall good job on the game though, easy to tell they definitely spent some time on this one."
,Recommended,460920,29488635,Posted: 25 January,all,PHROG,"Okay so lookWhen I bought this, I was skeptical that it would even run well on my computer. However after a relatively quick install, I discovered the game ran excellently at a capped 60 fps and I haven't even bothered to check without vsync. This was one in a list of many happy surprises I've had with this game so long story short here's my pro and con list.Pros:-Huge World once fully unlocked-Plenty of unique and challenging ""missions"" including the very creative mountain stories-Huge character customization with 8 (?) different characters and a huge variety of outfits and gear to choose from-The credit system in game is actually decent enough to where you don't have to buy credit packs to play the way you want-The gameplay feels fluid and controllable usually-The music choice is decent and there's even an option to turn off copyright music if you want to stream or make videos-The stunt replay feature is great for watching tricks and jumps from any angle-The wingsuit-Fun multiplayer and group sharingCons:-The voice acting can get repetitive-Always Online-Songs can also get repetitive-(Very rarely) a rock or object appears almost magnetic and messes with the downhill line- ""Not Enough Height"" for a trick if you jump too early but sail though the air (fixed by turning off trick safety)-The ""La Fieuse"" and ""Falling Rocks"" challenges-Paragliding while scaling the Matterhorn-The price of the gameOverall:Not a fan of the price and not a fan of the occasional snow magnetism but overall I really like this game and more specifically I love the wingsuit.8/10"
,Recommended,460920,29565138,Posted: 29 January,all,BAYMAX,"Its a nice game, but sad it had many connection problems and it can be completed so fast.However for extra fun I have created a clan called ""Alaska Penguins"" so all the riders can come together and enter contests and giveaways and just chat about the game.I plan on hosting a contest best trick where winner gets a game of their choice, so if you're interested then please join our community! :)"
76561198127861787,Recommended,460920,31466387,Posted: 30 April,all,Ibuprfeno 1KG,"10/8It's actually better than what it seemsMusic is in sync with your ride, looks awesome running in my crappy PC, has some Skate 3 spirit within.Fun and sometimes hard as ♥♥♥♥, challenges are made to keep you trying new stuff."
76561198043633862,Recommended,460920,29553747,Posted: 28 January,all,alex_stewart_13,"A beautiful game. Good atmosphere. Definitely has the replay value and is hopefully a good sign of change for Ubisoft. Even if the story is probably the most skippable story I've ever had to play through.I would definitely say that this game is good value for money, which is a rare statement nowerdays especially for myself who has been dissapointed with the gaming industry for the past few years, and Ubisoft has played a big part in my dwindling confidence with the gaming industry.Steep is flawed though, as to be expected by a game from Ubisoft, but these flaws do not apply to every aspect of the game and so do not completely ruin it!The almost gamebreaking camera plagues your every step, making it sometimes impossible to clearly see your path and definitely takes you away from the experience.The way your character interacts with the enviroment is inconsistant and is littered with tweening issues, bugs and glitches. I've discovered that all the issues ive had with the way my character travels around is due to the fact that the game keeps your board flat even if youre on a slope, which means if youre on an uneven surface your character doesnt try to adjust to the changes but simple stays static which leads to the many soul destroying crashes we all have to put up with.The scoring is unfair and is mostly based on luck, last night i just did the same trick for two hours, never getting the same score twice and the scores i did recieve did not reflect what had happened on the screen. Sometimes poorly executed tricks out perform well performed tricks and visa versa. I believe every player has had that moment where they have performed an amazing trick only to be given a +150. Then a while later your character spazzes out on a rock and youre given a score of +3200! In order to play this game you have to suspect disbelief and just wait for the good scores to come.The crashes - Yes...ive messed up. But does my character have to ragdoll down the whole mountain before i can start having fun again? A lot of the time its easier to just retry the event than wait for your character to stop ragdollingStory - ergh.characters - -vomits-Mountain Stories - jesus christ burn them with fire."
76561198085571279,Not Recommended,460920,28814705,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,WarPig960,"I REALLY wanted to like this game. I'm not having any issues running it and it looks gorgeous. I can't tell you how excited I was when I heard about Steep. I loved Skate and completed every challenge in the game, and spent hours just free skating and making lines. I'm a bigger fan of snowboarding though and I haven't gotten into a snowboarding game since SSX tricky, which was arcady and completely unrealistic. So I was really looking forward to a more realistic snowboard game, where I could just throw on tunes and go crazy on the mountain. Steep is EXACTLY that, and I was ready to start sinking days into it. I got through the tutorial and started exploring the mountain, found a run I wanted to do and away I went.The controls though... my god... they just don't respond in a way that lets you feel like your character has any sort of flow.The timing just feels very off to put it plainly. You need to jump pretty early in comparison to any other skate/snowboard games, which is awkward at first, but forgivable once you get the hang of it. You use the LS to either flip or spin your character and LT or RT + RS for grabbing and tweaking. The grabbing works fine but the spins and flips seem to only work half the time I want them to. Theres a bit of a sweet spot just as you leave your jump to start a good spin or flip. The landing is where I gave up though. Even if I look like I'm coming into it perfectly, I bail more often than not. The whole experience made me feel more frustrated trying to get my character to do what I want, and land a regular jump FFS, rather than feeling awesome pulling off sweet tricks. Maybe i'm missing something, but it was enough that I uninstalled it. Hope they tweak the controls, it's close to being the perfect snowboard game. But right now I find it more frustrating than fun."
,Recommended,460920,28830324,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,introspXtion,"After 10-20 hours of playing, I was going to give Steep a bad review but then everything changed (except for my underwear).The first thing you'll notice is that Steep is visually stunning (like me). It's easy to pick up (also like me) but when it comes to performing like a pro and knowing how best to get the most out of it, it's badly lacking in instructions or tips. Granted this may be because I'm stupid, but it took me longer than usual to figure out why I couldn't land tricks and do other stuff. Also the menu is rather unintuitive and seems to be filled with useless information (like me) that I don't have any interest in.That said, once I figured it all out and had spent enough time exploring the slopes, the enjoyment increased dramatically. By this time I had unlocked more locations and the courses became far more intense and challenging. All of a sudden I was getting nearly more air than what's between my ears and I also began to find locations that I could make a course/challenge out of. The speed you get on the steepest slopes is exhilarating and the slightest mistake will have you crashing like my mum on a motorbike. The wingsuit had also gone from getting into a starfish position and falling, to zooming through tricky rock canyons and caves that are destined to give you more brain injuries than what I’ve accumulated in real life from riding on the back of my mum’s motorbike.Paragliding has still yet to excite me but it is useful for exploring, especially as it can climb up when you get some wind under you and I kinda like the exploration element of the game. The narration during parts of the game tries to be cool but is pretty dull (like me once again) but totally makes up for it in the fashion stakes by offering numerous jackets in pink, though I would’ve liked to have seen 1-piece lycra bodysuits like they wear at the Winter Olympics. I like lycra.I could name a number of bugs, issues and things that should've been in the game but for $40au (on sale) I’m more than happy with my purchase.★★★★★★★★★✰"
,Recommended,460920,29395436,Posted: 21 January,all,Murrcy,"Visually stunning. The controlls are smooth and crispy af (played with a PS4 controller).The gameplay is addictive, but for me it did last for only 40 hours. I've 100% completed the game and besides than setting new records there is nothing much more to do in this game. There is no real endgame content.Do I recommend it? Yes.Do I recommend it for more than 30 Bucks? No."
76561198039497928,Recommended,460920,29831655,Posted: 10 February,all,Ku$H R3APER,"this game is phenominal, the lack of requirement to really do any one thing except in the interest of being a completionist is very nice. there are still bugs but the amount of enjoyment i get from this game extends past that of most. i highly recommend steep to all"
,Recommended,460920,29509690,Posted: 26 January,all,NAJS,"30h played: Best free-roaming-winter-sport-madness ever created, a must if you like winter sports and/or is a adrenaline junkie!55h played: Even though the feel of plowing randomly around the mountains was sick to begin with, now with the alaska update everythings just more smooth - alot of bugs seems to have vanished and i havent had a glitch or bug since the update, big recommend!"
,Recommended,460920,28314068,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Cloudy,"Despite this game having no story, npcs, narrative, or interactable enviroment its still quite fun. I wish they had spent a little more time on singleplayer features but the freeroam aspect of this game is fantastic and the world is massive. If you enjoy mindless freeroaming/sandboxy style games this will be right up your alley. If you're looking for a story or singleplayer experience you will get bored with this game very quickly."
76561198002737404,Recommended,460920,31205973,Posted: 17 April,all,Ectafloggin,"This is a pretty solid game, but you get bored of it fairly quickly. You get worn down after playing around 10 hours of the game. Overall, not really worth $60. Worth more like $30 or maybe 25$."
,Recommended,460920,31639218,Posted: 8 May,all,Ace_Abelsion,Fun as hell although a little pricey for its quality
,Recommended,460920,29855665,Posted: 11 February,all,✪ Maik -CZ-,"Very good game, can be heavy on graphics"
76561198102429805,Not Recommended,460920,29324821,Posted: 17 January,all,Little Kev,With friends i can imagine this game as amzing fun but DO NOT buy this game if you have no friends (like me)
,Recommended,460920,30417246,Posted: 9 March,all,Cyanyde,Great game with great graphics! Endless fun!
,Not Recommended,460920,28700131,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Acinonyx Jubatus,"This game is bad. The UI is impossible to comprehend. The controls— once you've mastered the very unconventional layout (and good luck, after the laughably shallow tutorial)— just flat-out don't work sometimes. The challenges become less about skill and instead about trying and re-trying until you finally complete a run in which the game actually responds to every input successfully.The laws of physics, too, seem to have been described to the programmers over the phone while on a crowded bus. I've lost count of how many times my character has built up speed by whizzing down a mountain only to come to a screeching halt atop the smoothest ramp in the Alps and stumbling uselessly off the lip.The snow is quite pretty, though, and you'll get plenty of time to admire it as the camera makes a point of aiming just low enough to ensure you've no idea of the precise moment to jump, then laughing in your stupid face as you bounce gracelessly down the cliff you couldn't see coming.If you're looking for a fun, challenging (for the right reasons), rewarding snow-sports game, I reccomend SSX."
,Recommended,460920,28365621,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,istan,"The graphics are great, the map itself is most of the time something else, so its not repeating itself. It might look like its about the same every mountain, but it is not, while the challenges / quests are most of the time similiar (reach that point in this amount of time, score that much points etc.) the routes of the challenges is always something else. For my choice I like the Bones - Challenges the most fun. After about 1 day of gaming, I reached level 25 (max level) and rechead ""Legend"" in Freestyle, because I believe it is the easiest.The game is openworld, and you can change everywhere you like, but not on the run, so you have to get to a stop.What I dont like: The spawns of you character. If you travel to a Challenge by ""Mountain view"" I sometimes found myself on top of the location, where you used to spawn, like on a rock. But even more depressing is it, if you set yourself a spawn, and then try again and end up being teleported 1 Meter downwards in the ground, so you see the entire map from underground. Sometimes you can just fly out or ski out, but can't walk out which is really annoying.If you are in a group you don't just go for Gold, but try to get the higher score than your mates, so its much more fun and is more time consuming.Would I buy it again?- Probably, but its not made for everyone, some got other expectations.Was it fun?- Hell yeah.Will I be playing it more?- Only with some friends, even though I haven't got every character maxed out.Is this review too long?- Probably yes, sorry for bad english :)"
,Recommended,460920,34441765,Posted: 23 August,all,Limes,"Just a summary:+ Graphics, it's a gorgeous game.+ Sound effects are good and add a lot of atmosphere.+ Mountains are good, huge both of them with almost infinite possibilities for great trails. A lot to explore even after many hours into the game.+ Several sports to choose from, wingsuit is a highlight for me. The extreme pack adds 3 more but the new ones are kinda situational and there aren't many challenges for them yet.+ Challenges are well designed for the most part, some of them are kinda hilarious.+ Community challenges add replayability since they're constantly adding them.+ Customization is alright. Several characters to play and a lot of costumes, clothes and gear skins.+ Replays and director mode are great, you can make very very nice videos of your rides.+- Leaderboards are good to have and being able to spectate the best times and such is nice but they are too small and should allow for easier browsing and let you choose any trail from the top 10 at least, etc.+- Trick system. While there's more depth to it than it appears at first I find it a bit clunky sometimes and the G-system can get in the way and become bothersome forcing you to slow down too much or fall. IMHO there should be a freeride mode that does away with this or tone it down a lot, but I get that they're going for more of a sim game than arcade.+- Multiplayer stuff could be better but what's there is ok. I haven't played much with people but trying to beat friend's scores was fun.+- Stories. Although most of them were fun to complete, some had terrible voice acting and were very cheesy or silly in a bad way.- No character progression beyond cosmetics and no stats even for the gear. Apparently every snowboard is identical.- Music isn't very good and the way it's implemented annoyed me a lot. The constant slow down on fall clashes with the way the challenges are designed (hard ones are repeat after repeat until you get it right). After a while I completely turned it off and began playing my own things while in the game. They should allow players to play custom music anyway like other games do. Pretty meh feature.- Mountain navigation is pretty terrible and imprecise, clunky UI. I ended exploring as much as possible and then just playing the challenges from the start menu instead most of the time. Also, you can't input coordinates manually and sometimes you do need to go to a specific location, very bothersome having to move the pointer around until you more or less find the area.Tl;dr: A good game not without its flaws. Don't expect SSX at all. Probably worth playing for the wingsuit gameplay alone :)."
,Not Recommended,460920,28178525,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,RgKFenrir,"SO, i loved ""snow"" and i thought to myself. Gee this is a uplay game not some random dev.surely it has to be good. and for the most part it is.HOWEVER there are a MULTITUDE of problems i ran into within the first hour.overall the game is well optimized and operates well.but for me, ill stick to ""snow""The problems i have with it are as follows.1. its overpriced2. i ran into a fair few collision issues on some ramps.3. its seem to be WAY more about the challenges than ANY kind of free roam.3. (extended) i was free roaming and after about 5 ish minuets i got ""you have reached the border of the map"" and it made me restart. This happened 5 times. everytime i tried to make a long-ish run.4. a strange lack of pricision. you tell your character what to do and he does it on his own. I could not tell him to keep spinning or stop spinning. he just decided when he wanted to stop. and more often than not it was backwards (skiing).5. ANYTIME you touch a rock, for ANY reason. you take damage.6. the little wood ramps and Roofs just STOP you like a ROCK.7. the air physics feel OFF. you can speed up hardly at ALL on the parachute. and the wingsuit just feels like 3 settings, Dont fall vertically, fall vertically, and fall vertically faster. none of them felt like it slowed me down or sped me up at all.8. You have 0 control on ice.You can stop no problem, but anything else is a NO. I HAVE SKI POLES PUSHING ME FORWARD. and im sliding completly sideways.9. I just felt stuck to the ground unless you press jump. otherwise you never leave the ground. little ridges in the snow? NOPE magnet feet.In the end im just not that impressed with it at all."
,Not Recommended,460920,32980559,Posted: 29 June,all,Encòde,"I love snowboarding in real life, every single aspect of it. But this game...?Oh man... Yes the graphics are stunning, yes the physics are great, but it's such a boring and repetitive game. You're just cruising around, that's it.Refunded after 1 hour of playing. No campaign, no real challenges, absolutely no variety on tricks, and the controlls are just bad.Honestly i'm really dissapointed by Ubisoft. I was expecting something much much better, and more challenging."
76561198089342645,Recommended,460920,32962442,Posted: 28 June,all,『 Ari 』,This is probably the only sports-related game that I'll ever enjoy (besides Skate 3)
76561198068360611,Not Recommended,460920,28177188,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AllGilbertsMustDie69,"Honestly, it looks great. has really good physics in a genre that doesnt have a lot of good games. but 79.99 is just way too much to ask for the content you get with this game. if you seriously love these games and need one in your life by all means buy it. but if you can go two more months without it just wait. theres simply not enough content to be worth this much. I played for an hour. realized this is what it was and got a refund. i will buy it back when its 29.99, like it shouldve been at launch."
76561198141860626,Recommended,460920,28471138,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,sdikwols,If you like snowboarding skiing and wingsuits and a great view from the top of mountains and crazy stunts and t oexplore mountains this is really a great game love it worth every penny :) eight different characters to choose from but those are just for looks but amazing graphics and extreme fun cant wait to see more dlc for this but im fine just running around on this giant place always discovering some new place!!!
76561198042302439,Not Recommended,460920,29102904,Posted: 7 January,all,2TALL,"Horrible game. Clitchy menus and a manditory internet connection makes game start up a long and tedious process. Actual gameplay is amazing, but you are forced to go through the hoops to stay online for no reason. FIX IT! I dont care about online, I dont care about uPlay, and I am not epilleptic, so please stop warning me litirally everytime i open the game. Give me the option to open the game easily."
76561198172071538,Recommended,460920,28571474,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,big titts tommy,Really nice game. Good graphics and overall a good community. It's cool that you can do extremesports in the air and at the ground.
,Not Recommended,460920,28315976,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Mr Oujamaflip,"So I played about an hour of the game and to be honest there's not much game here.Steep is an open world winter sports game developed by Ubisoft Annecy. It’s got a pretty cool concept in that you travel around a big mountain range finding new routes to do races or points trials in 4 different sports, snowboarding, skiing, wingsuit flying and paragliding. You can compete with friends to get high scores and medals and stuff and that’s about it really. Unfortunately after about half an hour it really wore thin on me and for £40 there’s just nowhere near enough content to justify a purchase.On the plus side it looks ♥♥♥♥ing awesome with snow reacting to you walking through it the draw distances are really impressive and it has a solid sountrack too. Performance is also top notch, no frame drops at all. You do get people yelling cringy♥♥♥♥♥♥though, stuff like “this is living” when snowboarding down a mountain, might as well get them to say “radical dude” or something.The controls were a bit unresponsive as well and the scoring system makes no sense, this main video is me getting a gold on a challenge despite messing up every attempt at a trick. Good job Ubisoft.Can’t recommend it, if it gets some DLC to flesh it out it could be fun but £40 for this is pretty crappy value for money. 3/7 no bobsleighing.If you want to watch my review on YouTube you can here: It's only a minute long!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaiC-m61fw8"
76561198077023301,Recommended,460920,29474314,Posted: 24 January,all,Mytch,"Great game if you're into the extreme sports stuff but it has its flaws for sure.Before I get to the bad, let me emphasize that this really is a nice snowboarding/skiing game, with a little bit of flight as well. The mountains are beautiful, there's a lot of diversity between mountain ranges as far as rockiness/'steep'ness go, the challenges can be pretty fun, and the multiplayer isn't THAT dead. Not to mention very nice customization.But, as for the drawbacks,- soundtrack is okay but there's maybe a total of 20 songs, that you'll be hearing over and over again.- mechanics can be a little buggy at times, though overall they aren't bad. Just expect to get hung up and flung around ridiculously sometimes when you hit slopes sideways or the edges of rocks.- controls for keyboard are fine. I have 99% of my playtime on it and can't complain. I plugged in a Steam controller and Xbox just for the sake of this review, and while the Steam controller is pretty good the Xbox controller is fantastic for this game, almost makes me wish I had been using it all along. Very well integrated. However, if you get used to keyboard you aren't losing out by not having one.- Only took me about 24 hours to 100% all challenges w/gold medals and get all drop zones. There is a lot of replayability, though, and it feels like a lot more content than 24 hours makes it sound.I give this game a thumbs up, but consider some of the other things you could do with $60 before purchasing."
,Recommended,460920,28294962,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,iR2bMLG,"Really fun game, only problem is that the price is a bit too high for what the game is. Other than that it's a great game."
,Recommended,460920,33101412,Posted: 1 July,all,AFarCryAway,STEEP is the most welcome surprise I've had during the Steam Summer Sale!Ironic considering it is a Winter Sports game...
76561197967854681,Recommended,460920,33289973,Posted: 5 July,all,Peisi,"The ""Dark Souls"" of Wintersport Games...."
76561198055960775,Recommended,460920,28197233,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Infinite,"Steep is a game that I had high expectations for. As a kid I loved to ski and still do, nothing beats looking down a snowy white mountain with snow hitting your face. The feeling is like nothing else in the world, a feeling like at any point everything can go wrong but it doesn't. When you go down the mountain your making art, your trail is your trail and can never be fully replicated. Steep nails this feeling perfectly. The world is beautiful and gives you the freedom of creating your own lines and doesn't force you on a set pathway. The ski/snowboard physics are very good and but there is one gripe I have with them and thats the way they interact when on rocks. The game plays it off as it being impossible to have control on any rock surface which can really ruin a great run. The challanges themselves are all very fun except for the paragliding ones. I rarely got frustrated while playing except when I had to paraglide up the Matterhorn. Even though I still got Gold it was one of the few times during the game where I didn't want to continue, ddn't want to explore the next slope or challange ahead of me. Some say this game is light on content but I truely dissagree. On paper this isn't on $60 dollar game but when you break it down and actually understand the range of things you can do it's unbeliable. The soundtrack is amazing at times and irritating occasionally as well but I found that most songs were enjoyable to listen to even though they are almost all liscenced music. A common misconception with this game is that it's the next SFX or tony hawk pro skater with a snowboard. That's not true, it's more of a mix of a simmulator and if Skate was a winter sports game. I very much do recomend Steep at it's launch price tag since it's a game that has more under the initial layer that you just need to find. Find the perfect slope and racing down wiith friends or other online players is insanely fun. I expect to continue playing this for a while and I can't wait to see what more it has in store.8.5/10 -Infinite"
,Recommended,460920,28295932,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,PRYDAX,"10/10 would crash while wingsuiting again.- Gameplay: Awesome- Handling: Great- Graphics (ultra): Fantastic- Playerbase: Fine- Atmosphere and music: Just perfect- GoPro (first person): Crazy- Share your ride: Just do it!- Glitches: I have only had 1 during 5 hours of playing which is pretty good not forgetting it's a ubisoft game! (I was stuck in the ground for 2 seconds after crashing on my snowboard)Conclusion: It's just a great game to play at any time, especially when you're bored of playing shooting games allthe time. You can choose for yourself how intensive you make this game (challenges or freeroaming). Just buy the game and you'll see it for yourself!(I don't recommend buying it for the full price dough. In my opinion this game is worth about $30 - $40, so if you can pick it up for that price, then just do it!)"
,Recommended,460920,33427221,Posted: 10 July,all,Goode,"Overall: I bought this on sale and I gottta say. Very, very satisfying game!Steep takes on this extreme sports genre in a very arcade:y style. Which caters to me alot. Its easy to just pickup and play whenever you just want to not think about anything else. Go down some slopes and then just turn it off and come back later, or take on longer game sessions of course.My first hours with the game I had a really rough struggle with navigating in the menus, which I do believe is this games biggest flaw. Causing me to restart when I didnt want to and travel up slopes or even to different locations when all I just wanted was to return to my character on the mountain. It felt like it was very much designed for using a controller, cause many keybindings feels pretty random(at first!). But once I got the hang of the menus there have been no stopping me in enjoying this game.I bought the season pass as well on sale. So far I feel that every penny spent on this game have been adding to a very compelete experience with tons of stuff to do. The base game itselfs offers many hours and huge locations to explore with the standard sports to use, while the extreme pack really spices things up. I do believe this game can feel repetetive in longer sessions but as I pick it up occasionally for 30-40min sessions I have no personal issue with it!"
,Recommended,460920,33626077,Posted: 18 July,all,CURsE,"I have really enjoyed this game. I usely only play multiplayers but I have enjoyed playing this solo. The multiplayer aspect is not that great, but it lead to some funny moments. It is a very chill title but I think the price is a bit ""STEEP"" (I'm sorry). I suggest you buy it on sale."
76561198071824839,Recommended,460920,28790435,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,xXSK[I]LLERzz,I like this Openworld flying or driving  arround... NO i LOVE it.There is alot of fun in the game for the first 12 hours....Then u are level 25 and   got enough money to get your equipment and  enough heli points to get even the last viewpoints.The good things are... the quests are getting harder and harder and the mountains bigger and more beautiful.The Season pass is useless for now. You dont need the 10000 coins and even not the 10 tickets for Helicopter.Maybe with the  DLCs the Game becomes round and round PERFECT.Finally its an amazing game BUT Ubisfot has still to work on it.
76561197963492478,Recommended,460920,28915054,Posted: 1 January,all,El3ktroMode,"if you are a freerider ski/board in the real life ,then you definitly love this game...amazing effort in graphics ,atmosphere and controls..well done ubisoft..."
76561198018076098,Recommended,460920,28333266,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Reverse Flash,"totally worth it!My budget doesn't reach the Alps, but sure does Steep! Great feels in this game!"
,Recommended,460920,28864165,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Narh,Think I broke a rib on that one
,Recommended,460920,29380691,Posted: 20 January,all,Cancer Police,we need more soundtrack !!!!!!!!!!!!the playlist is a bit tasteless...but overall it's a good game.
76561198039738544,Recommended,460920,28184425,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Goldfish,"I bought this game before first update and tbh it got bored quickly, but now with Alaska update, there are so many terrains, new houses, rails, contests to mess around with, and less stones as well (but perhaps more trees in some areas). Anyways now the price isn't as steep as before.I don't think it's a must have for full price, but if you got money and maybe got tired of run & shoot this game might be fore you.And GoPro Cam View is mindblowing! I made a wingsuit montage replay with it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_820W22jC_gHere's my favorite thing to do which is snowboarding, with a funny chicken helmet!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHKcCuDpzX8"
76561198249924166,Recommended,460920,28181803,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ChrisC-0,Honestly，It's a quite cool game~Cool acitvities and it's a good way to relax.
76561197969542541,Recommended,460920,29388885,Posted: 20 January,all,bmcts,This game is super under rated. I played the beta and it was♥♥♥♥♥♥unoptimized and controls seemed♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. After playing the release version I was quickly surprised at how much they optimized and improved the controls. I am an avid skier and this game is as close as you can get to the real thing. A nice mix of reality simulation and action adventure style play. The graphics are absolutely breath taking. The physics are really good. HUUUUUUUGE map absolutely impossible to find every line. Amazing exploration game. I cannot wait for the new map which is supposed to be the same size as the first. If you are on the fence and you love skiing/boarding/wingsuit♥♥♥♥♥♥you will love this game. I have played around 30 hours so far and I am not even close to getting 100% or explored every peak. Not even close to being bored. Oh and the COOP is sooo sick. You can follow your friends around make challenges and do all sorts of creative stuff that isnt even listed in the features.. PICK IT UP!
76561198004823414,Recommended,460920,28681278,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jrk,"The ultimate ""Feel Good Game"" of the 2016.Definitely a must buy for the lovers of either genre: Be it competitive sports or a laidback simulation.The mountains don't seem that big at first, but turn out to be YUGE!Only thing I find missing is to be able to throw snowballs at people who collect themselves after falling, as I curve around them while cheering ironically. So not 10/10."
76561198094082488,Recommended,460920,28720120,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,sad,"People bashing this game because of the price.. Yeah it is a bit overpriced don't get me wrong, But it is worth the purchase. I've always been a huge fan of snowboarding games. (I'm not a snowboarder and love this. Mainly a BMX rider} Kinda brings back the old days where I would play SSX 3 for hours nonstop each day.  SUCH A GOOD GAME :DD"
,Recommended,460920,28967605,Posted: 2 January,all,Wolven,"awesome game...great environment, GUI, controls, and game experience."
,Recommended,460920,28174400,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Protos Ω,"Great chill out game for when you want some challenge, or just feel like skiing, snow boarding, wing suit diving or paragliding. The game doesn't seem to rush you into finishing it's campaign, and feels like it has quite a bit of staying power."
76561198148455156,Recommended,460920,28701304,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,f8lcowboy,"I learned that skiing can be accomplished on my chair, sitting down, in my house."
,Recommended,460920,28771316,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HoodedRobin,"This is going to be a review of great length, of mixed feelings, of ups and downs, and of hopefulness. It will go chronologically from the beginning to the end (at the time of posting) of my experience with the game.First off, I have snowboarded for a good portion of my life. I started more than 5 years ago and have loved it ever since. I've snowboarded in Utah and Colorado every year since I first experience how fun winter sports are. In terms of this game, I've played it during two of its private testing phases, as well as the final public testing phase. Although I only have 11 hours in the game at this time, in reality I have played steep more than double that amount of time. I have gold-medaled almost every challenge on almost every mountain except the Matterhorn and Mont Blanc, and you will soon discover why this is the case. Originally I intended on reviewing this game after gold-medaling all of the challenges, but I was tomahawking down the Matterhorn when I realized that it was time.Now, to the review.The tutorial is fine. Having played the game before, I was annoyed that it was mandatory, but it ended with relative swiftness and I was able to be on my way. It was useful for the uninformed, and fast enough not to discourage those that know what they're up to. The first locations I played around in were the lower mountains. These are my favorite places to play this game. The physics and controls (ironically) work best in areas of less steep terrain. The game is relaxing, the lighting is beautiful, and it's a playground for skiing and snowboarding. PIllow fields are fun to jump around in, there are alpine forests to hike through on foot or shoot through on snowboard/skis. Around the peaks you can find wonderful routes to paraglide, and you can wingsuit through trees and powerlines for an adrenaline rush. There are plenty of cliffs to ski down and plenty of rooftops to jump off of. I even managed to jib a tree, which honestly might be my personal favorite accomplishment so far in my experience with the game. I love the lower mountains because they are enjoyable.After sufficiently leveling up to gain access to the more ""challenging"" (but in actuality more frustrating) mountains, I had my foray in those as well. Peak of the damned was difficult, but I enjoyed myself for the most part. I damned some of the challenges for reasons I will soon mention. One of my first (minor) gripes with this game was noticed here. Some of the challenges you do reset your ambiance (basically, the lighting and mood of the game world) to what seems to be a predetermined mode. This is annoying and cannot be tampered with. Giving the player the power to change the ambiance of the game and then wresting that control from them at certain points in the game is something I would like to be able to opt out of.The Matterhorn is where my feelings for this game take a turn. The Matterhorn is the epitome of the difference between something that is HARD and something that is CHALLENGING. Peak of the Damned was challenging for me. I had plenty of goes at the challenges before I got gold, but I never felt like they were impossible (save one challenge that, in hindsight, was foreshadowing of what was to come). On the other hand (or ski), the Matterhorn was simply hard. The challenges given to you are nigh-impossible. I don't say that because I couldn't do them. I gold-medaled a good portion of them; however, I did so after crashing over and over, hiking up the mountain to reach checkpoints, and skiing down when I could.The Matterhorn is supposed to be extreme, but I don't believe it's designed to frustrate you. I don't believe it would frustrate you if the game played as the game should play. Ah, the meat and potatoes of the argument. The game does not function as it should.Rocks are like lava. If you run into a rock going 40 mph, of course you should crumble. That's realistic. What isn't realistic (and is instead extremely frustrating) is wiping out because you skiied over a 15 foot stretch of smooth rock/ice on the face of a mountain, and your knees gave out like they were remotely detonated.Switching direction of travel requires two thumbsticks to be pushed in opposite directions. Why is it, then, that as I slide down the side of the Matterhorn Jeremy-Jones style so as not to crash, with the left thumbstick pointing back and the right thumbstick untouched, that my rider decides to change direction?Winguiting is fun as all hell. Nothing is wrong with it.Paragliding is fun as all hell. Nothing is wrong with it.I'm sure I could play another hour of the game and encounter more of my forgotten gripes with this game, but I think I've made a point. The game has SO much potential. It's already the best game on PC that has ever been made in the snowsports genre. If the phyics are fixed, the G-force system is rewired, and unrealistic ways of dealing with real-world occurences are done away with, this game will kick♥♥♥♥♥ I'll still be playing the game after this review is published, but I'm going to spend a lot less time on the more harsh mountains. They would be fun if the game was built to handle them, but untill all of the game mechanics are fixed to allow CHALLENGING descents on the harsher mountains, not FRUSTRATING ones, I'll be spending my time cruising through some low-elevation powder.If there's anything in this review that I seem to have missed and/or totally screwed up on, please notify me so I can take care of it.TL;DR: If you want to cruise through powder, fly adrenaline-pumping wingsuit routes, and enjoy the beauty of the mountains, buy the game on sale. It's the best there is at the moment. If you're looking to descend mountains that no one would descend in real life, I wouldn't recommend it. You won't want to descend them in-game either."
76561197997137436,Recommended,460920,31333114,Posted: 23 April,all,MARNE,Great game ....refreshing after play so many FPS. Competitive and a whole lotta fun!
76561198211361413,Recommended,460920,34374653,Posted: 20 August,all,Skyrim,Steep almost the best skiing game i ever played        first of all The mountain whitch Covered with snow is so beautiful     then If you enjoy the idea of openworld alpine this is an amazing game     at last  Steep have lots of awesome sound designwhen u ski enjoy those CD is real coooool.
,Recommended,460920,28166952,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,assist,Great Winter sports game
76561198089333557,Recommended,460920,28214279,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,The Wernicke Legend,"Bad mechanics and very annoying sound track (some songs are ok I guess). An action sport game. Very unreliable trickablity. To a certain extent it really just becomes luck. My character will randomly start hovering and I can't control them till they wipe out. Also I get yanked off of ramps and kickers, and some times even off a whole mountain face. I think its a problem with the game trying to be realistic and sorta unpridictable, however it just kills some of the realisum, its alittle to out of your control some times. I do, however enjoy the game its kinda like skate. It really is far from a great game but has a certain charm and playability. I bet with updates it will get better. Not worth full price though. I would give it 3.4 out of 5 stars."
,Recommended,460920,28263061,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,ShrowJo,19/17 would play again
76561198064413958,Recommended,460920,30752311,Posted: 26 March,all,PM,Steep is a very well made game created for people that enjoy free roam exploring games.
,Recommended,460920,30622694,Posted: 19 March,all,stratoroc,"If you chose to stay inside to play games because the ski hill has conditions so lousy the drive isn't worth it, this game is for you.If you're wondering if you could customize the character to look like your actual ski/board setup (no you can't, the item selection sucks), this game is for you.If you when look at a mountain you see sweet colouir lines and wonder if you could ever ski them, this game is for you.Anyone else will be bored of this game in a half dozen hours."
76561198146565996,Recommended,460920,32507815,Posted: 17 June,all,Low Enthusiasm,"Enjoyed the game at first but ended up continually getting disconnected every other minute. Found out it was due to my colleges wifi connection. Seen other people with this same issue. Its only significant fault is the need for a consistant wifi connection, so its online only thing is what made me refund the game. If you have reliable wifi or do not live on a college campus, I'd say definately grab it next time its on sale. Otherwise, it might be best to stear clear."
,Recommended,460920,28181840,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Guxany,"Really good game, so far much fun and not bored of it!Maybe its not worth the full price tag but fans will not be disappointed"
76561198115206233,Recommended,460920,28301099,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DarkJimmy,"bloody good game, got it cause it reminded me of amped for the old xbox(gg btw), use the steam browser to play some upbeat music and this game becomes epic"
76561198073102767,Recommended,460920,29127629,Posted: 8 January,all,Boris Tha Man,"A great game that sadly many people dosen't like, I think it's really funny with a good nature and ok ""physics"". But i really do recommend you to play with a controller to get better feeling. I bought it for 40£ during the winter sale, I think that's a better price for it, 60£ is a bit too much and it would sale way better if the price got lowered/reduced"
,Recommended,460920,28292963,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,cs,"This game is amazing. The graphics are great and all the sports are so fun to play (except mabey paragliding). If you have friends who have this game, it will be even more fun. The challenges are hard but rewarding and the items that you can unlock make you want to grind the game even more. The only thing that I would say bad about the game is the price. I would say if they made it £29.99 then lots more people would be willing to get it straight away. But that shouldn't be a problem soon in a couple weeks since the price will probly go down in the Christmas Sale.This is why im giving this game a nice 9.5/10"
,Recommended,460920,28818356,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,boyfriend,"I guess the only issue people have with this game is that, it gets really boring pretty soon. And yes, even with the leveling/unlockable items system, it still feels like the game does not encourage players to progress. But, if you got nothing else to do, this is the perfect game. You know, enjoy the gorgeous landscape and some decent music while snow boarding around freely."
,Recommended,460920,29454066,Posted: 23 January,all,[FP] rann @ OPSkins.com,"Even without multiplayer, this game is fun.  However the always-online DRM can be annoying.  If Ubisoft is getting DDoSed or whatever, you can't even play.If the DRM went away and a few of the clipping bugs were fixed, this would be a legendary game."
,Recommended,460920,28932251,Posted: 2 January,all,Tat,Skate 3 on ice
,Recommended,460920,29425927,Posted: 22 January,all,Alka,It's Skyrim with extreme sports.
76561198068498392,Recommended,460920,29403315,Posted: 21 January,all,Stormtrooper FN-2199,"I don't get why people do not recommend this game. After playing SSX, SSX Tricky, SSX 2012 and other great snowboarding games i can actually say Steep is the best i've played so far. I think people who are interested in snowboarding will enjoy this game."
76561198020459513,Recommended,460920,29423572,Posted: 22 January,all,Sexy Joseph The Fuck Mashine,"Crashed into a tree, got 20 points10/10 would crash again"
,Recommended,460920,29389800,Posted: 20 January,all,Mouzzi,"This's a game that provide you challenge,which requires your -Skills :To controll your character and perform tricksCreativity :You can actually CREATE your own race/challenge for everyone, not just that, you need to create your own path/way to play in every race that already exist to get more score.By both above, they provide a wide and huge world for you to PLAY around.So enjoy the game itself, enjoy those short stories, enjoy learning the snowboarding, enjoy you how good you become and those cool move you can make.This's a game that all about enjoy."
76561198073278524,Recommended,460920,29381963,Posted: 20 January,all,BenSan,Dank
,Recommended,460920,33166687,Posted: 2 July,all,cybeerboy,Open Snow World. A lot to discover. Sport activities = fun pure.
76561198019127184,Recommended,460920,28226950,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mr. Smith,"Love this game. Remind me Tony Hawk games when you must do one challange 50 and more time to master it. That is because i love it.- Addictive !!! i did one challange 2 hours till i master wingsuit :D now bite me Steep :)- Graphic is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (o.r.g.a.s.m)- Hard challenges, not for whiners (so many in review, cry about difficulty :D)- Controls are moderate but it can be learn ... (again crying about something that is just on your brain to learn)P.S.: half of reviews are bad because they think game is overpriced ... it is AAA title so ... what you expected?If you dont want to pay that price dont pay it but dont write negative review ... Its like you eat big tasty steak and than cry about the cost ... Its good it must have relative price..."
,Recommended,460920,29071733,Posted: 6 January,all,Jake Paul,Actually Pretty good lol.
,Recommended,460920,29074906,Posted: 6 January,all,kim jong uno,"I really like this game. The machanics are good, and I enjoy exploring the mountain. I see myself playing this game often in short bursts. Highly recomended."
76561198053224698,Recommended,460920,30774971,Posted: 27 March,all,Highlaenner,"Steep remembers me of the good old times back on ps2 when i played ssx3 with my friends with split screens. Now you can do that on a completly new level of epicness and over the internet. Beautiful atmosphere, accurate and easy controlling and a superior gameplay! Every fan of skiing and sportsgames will love this."
,Recommended,460920,28840615,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bill_Jacobs,"Trick controls had a weird learning curve, but other than that it is a lot of fun. Great open world fun, and some addicting rag doll type play"
,Recommended,460920,28961958,Posted: 2 January,all,Baby Driver,"(Posted on 1/2/17) level 11 as I write this review, so review is still in progress other than Pros/Cons(1/3/17 edit): Now level 13, and would like to update my review (I will mark new pros/cons with the word ""edit"")This is probably one of the best snow-sport games I've played in a long time. I remember back when Shawn Whites Snowboarding came out and thinking it was absolutely amazing. Nothing really seemed to top that game for me, not even SSX, but this game definetely takes the cake. Ubisoft has done an amazing job on this game, though I wish that they had advertised it more, because it definetely deserves more attention than it is getting.Pros:-Large open world to explore-Variety of different activities to do (i.e: Snowboarding, Skiing, Wingsuit/Base Jumping, Walking)-A lot of customizability in what your character wears and the equipment he/she has-Amazing visuals (i.e: realistic looking snow, rocks, particles, etc...)-Real life products (i.e: Red Bull, GoPro, etc...) if you really care about that sort of thing-Great song playlists that vary from ""Chill"" to ""Electro"", ect...-Replay feature that allows you to go back and watch your most recent ride, even in slow motion-Not too many bugs from what I can tell-Has PS4 & Xbox controller compatability-(edit) Very well optimized for PC from my experience (cannot speak for others)-(edit) Microtransactions aren't all up in yo face constantly (meaing you can get by just fine without paying for microtransactions)Cons:-World has borders which makes it feel small at times-$60 price point, may not be all that worth it for some people + a $20 season pass with 3 DLC's already in the works-Game requires internet connection-Wonky keyboard controls-Checkpoints in races are a bit buggy at times (i.e: riding through them but it not registering that you did) which can be quite annoying-(edit) There are microtransactions (despite my pro, microtransactions are cancer in general)Current Rating:7.5/10*I will edit this review in the coming days if I feel the need to*"
76561198082311729,Recommended,460920,28963957,Posted: 2 January,all,Bad Potato,"I have never enjoyed sports games, I have somewhat despised them. Yet this game called to me for whatever reason it drew me into its snowy hills and sheer cliffs, and so far I have enjoyed every minute of it. Even if I grow angry from a challenge I can not conquer I go and cleer my head just ridding around. This game has never made me feel this way before."
76561198087592345,Recommended,460920,29346559,Posted: 18 January,all,Pexii,"Having followed this game since I saw it unveiled on an E3 stream, I was eager to try it out. I tested it when the open beta was released on Steam and I wasn't disappointed in the slightest, the game hadn't visually changed much at all since it's unveiling, yet the actual experience of playing it myself was very different to watching someone else doing so, and I spent a good few days grinding out the available challenges alongside my friends and generally enjoying the free roam aspect of the game. Of course, as a beta it wasn't without it's strange behaviour and minor bugs but I had expected that, despite the inconvenience at times.  I had a good while to decide on whether the experience was worth spending money on for the full game and later, after christmas day, I decided I'd indulge myself and buy the game proper.Getting down to brass tacks about the finished product I can tell you that the game, once again, still hasn't made much of a change since the beta. In fact, I was kind of disappointed in how little had been done since then on account of a fresh new set of bugs and what seemed to be barely, if any tweaking to the games mechanics, thankfully the biggest change I could see was a tweaking of the G-Force system which I'll explain a little bit later on.Overall, Steep is a fun, open world experience with a charm that other snowy, mountainous sports games from memory seem to not manage to pull off in quite the same way. Initially, the game is set up to treat you like some kind of extreme sports rising superstar in generic fashion and, to be honest, I found it to be a lot more distracting from the overall experience of the game, since when you're out and about freeroaming and not partaking of the countless public challenges that dot interesting routes across the map, you can really take in the beauty of the sun shining on fresh snow, with a good ambient track to fill the silence, much like you probably would if you went skiing in the alps on holiday in real life. However, if you're not like me, the game is not without it's own soundtrack, comprised of a small selection of premade, dynamic playlists of a few genres that suit the game's setting and theme, in particular, I found it amusing to be cruising down a mountainside, weaving in and out of some blue glacier outcroppings glistening in the late afternoon sunlight to some almost zen like music only to hit a bump and smash my pretty face against one, the track throwing itself off and fading out while dusted myself off and shook myself back into reality, only to fade back in once I'd sorted myself out and got back underway, quickly dropping me back into the game before I could think of booking a much needed appointment at the nearest alpine dental practice.The free roam aspect really is the meat and potatoes of the game, it's clear to anyone that the developers spent most of their time building the game around this, as you can waste a few hours simply travelling from one range to the next, finding new routes to experiment with or simply to enjoy the view, both of which can be customised by the option of changing the position of the sun or the ambience of the weather. Riding down the same mountainside in dark fog is a very different experience to doing the same in clear, cold sunlight! This is not to say that travelling around the map is a slow and laborious process, as you're given the ability to teleport between preset locations at will with the option of discovering many more along the way and, once you've unlocked the ability to do so, you can choose to teleport via helicopter to any part of the map you choose. For those hardcore masochists, if instant and near seamless travel is not your thing, you could spent a whole heck of a lot more time trying to walk back up the mountain if you're willing. Another aspect to the game is the flighty side - wingsuiting and paragliding. Of the four sports in the game, wingsuiting appeals to me the most, it is by far the fastest and most intense way to travel in the game, requiring fast reflexes and precognition if you don't want to turn into alpine pâté. Paragliding is the opposite: a much slower, more relaxed method of travel best for taking in the views while you sail along the mountainside.For those that like to spend a little time tailoring their online image, Steep offers a few preset, voiced riders, all of which play in the same manner, but a LOT of clothing combinations for you to spend time deciding on. Some of the costumes you can get are incredibly amusing the first time you fly off a mountain or sail past someone, taunting them like a squeaky toy or a Yeti as they faceplant repeatedly.Now, this game isn't perfect. In fact, in friendly competition, I've had more than a couple of colourful words to say about some of the mechanics of this game, most namely the G-Force system, which for a game that has a fairly comprehensive tutorial at the beginning, does absolutely nothing to explain, leaving it up to mere speculation as to the finer details of how it works. This mechanic can be downright infuriating if you're a completionist like I am as it makes your job of nailing a perfect jump or getting a race time down to an extremely fine margin a living nightmare. You WILL notice what I'm talking about simply through the course of the game. Heading down a steep slope before mounting a ramp for a jump, if you so much as tap your board or skis on the tiniest bump before reaching that ramp, you can say goodbye to your legs and spine, and enjoy your new diet of your own teeth and liquid hospital food, and a lot of the challenges are purposefully set in locations that have these hazards, adding a level of difficulty that sometimes isn't even related to the challenge you're trying to do. Trust me on this one, it sounds part and parcel for a mountain game but you'll see what I mean when you have to retry the same challenge over and over and over again. It really does test your patience in certain places.Aside from this intentional yet seemingly unreasonable mechanic, the few other cons I have with this game are rather unintentional. This game is, for some reason, an online-only game, meaning you CANNOT play offline or, that if you have sub-par internet like I do, you can run into a few annoying issues such as lack of other players that are supposed to dynamically appear and disappear around you when in range. (A feature of the game, but a sort of psuedo matchmaking or instancing system), making the game rather lonely and desolate at times, with only the annoying narrator shouting generic motivation to their supposedly biggest bread winner over the radio every now and then.This is tied with the games current instability, for example, occasional but random freezing that happens in game, usually at critical moments where you're at high speed, mid air pulling off a trick, or in the middle of winning a difficult challenge. It doesn't last for long, but it seems to be reported as happening to a lot of the playerbase, as well as all the friends I know that have played it.All of that said, I don't regret buying Steep, I can sit and play it for a few minutes to pass the time or a few hours and still come away feeling like it was a worthwhile use of my spare cash.My advice to those reading this far into this review is thus: Do NOT buy this at full price. I got it on the christmas sales and it was an adequate price for what I consider to be a better than average game.I think of Steep as a relaxing, elaborate time waster, a calm immersive experience set aside from my usual library of carnage and mentally engaging games. Sure, there is an element of challenge to this game, it can be brutally unfair to you a lot of the time but if you keep your cool on those icy slopes, you'll find yourself enjoying the stunning vistas, fantastic sound effects and a surprisingly long lasting (yet not quite fully polished) ride down some impressive mountain ranges."
76561198204063280,Recommended,460920,31514822,Posted: 2 May,all,Taliban Dan,"Great game, looks amazing, no loading times, loads of customization, stack of challenges to beat and chilllllll"
,Recommended,460920,33923823,Posted: 31 July,all,Eery Petrol,"A very welcome leap forward in the winterports genre. Apart from putting its AAA budget to good use, it also adds something brilliant to the wintersports genre I hope dev teams with any kind of budget will pick up and improve on; in addition to an analog stick for your movement, use your second anolog stick to control how you slide over the snow. It feels so right that I tried booting up golden standards like 1080 snowboarding again, and went straight back to Steep. This is the way to go."
76561198008818553,Recommended,460920,28889251,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Slim Pickens,"First my specs:My old rig still runs even the latest games extremely well.Nvidia GeForce GTX 760Intel Core i7 CPU 860 @ 2.80Ghz to 3.46 GHz (Released 2009!!)20GB RAM (Old DDR3 1066/1333!!)1920x1080 Monitor @ 60HzMicrosoft Windows 10 Home EditionI prefer to use an old xbox 360 wireless controller, but the keyboard and mouse are also acceptable here.Graphics: I discovered that by not using the GeForce Experience ""Optimize"" function, and instead using the in-game autodetect feature, I get much better FPS/better looking/higher graphics settings.  VSync on/off had no real impact.Initially, I thought the environment was empty and very limited.  No other players to see or interact with.  It is a HUGE mountain range and you are free to roam anywhere.  Your only limitation when you start is you are level 1 and can't see/use everything available just yet.  I started to wonder if a refund was in order and if all the negative press about Ubisoft was true.After roaming around and getting a feel for it, I reached level 2 and all of those feelings of dispair and uncertainty melted away as the world around me suddenly sprang to life.  The difference was like night and day and it was astonishing.  Steep was slowly preparing me for what I was about to exprience.The scenery, physics, music, control, customization options are stunning.  I see others around me now and we join each other in this amazing winter playground.  Not a ton of people, but just enough to make the social aspect satisfying and not overbearing.I can't even begin to describe the fun I'm having playing this and I know writing too much will prevent customers from reading this.My advice?  Buy it.  It's a nice change from all the violence and such associated with most games today and it's very relaxing.  Absolutely brilliant."
,Recommended,460920,30789757,Posted: 28 March,all,BlackBeast,"Ребзя это просто ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,в летние деньки погонять по снежку каеф)"
,Recommended,460920,35127692,Posted: 22 September,all,TBA18,"Great game, looks fantastic, but gets boring after a while. Also definetly not worth the price, so get it on sale."
,Recommended,460920,28836984,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Papa Bay,This is fap material lmao
,Recommended,460920,29329518,Posted: 17 January,all,Kus,"Steep is a great game.At first I have to admit that I was blown away by the open-world and the mountains themselves (I worked on Mt.Blanc for many years) but quite disapointed with the maniability of the game. The controls felt clunky and it took a while to get used to the system.Having 4 sports to choose from really puts the game on another level. I really enjoyed exploring the map by paragliding around and found the windsuit exhilirating. Skiing is quite fun but snowboarding definitly takes the medal and after a few hours of gameplay it becomes pretty obvious that Steep was directly inspired but the S.K.A.T.E. Series. It is much either though and I will be hoping that Steep 2 will be a bit harder.Pros:Open WorldReal mountains4 Sports to choose fromMultiplayer unexpectedly funScoring system (freeride/freestyle/extreme)Cons:Trick system too assisted and too easyNo real career modeGear is only estheticMusic tracks will change if you reset your characterIMPROVEMENT IDEASA better trick system: The actual controls are too permissive. Since there is a lot of S.K.A.T.E. In this game, well go full distance and emphasise more on the analog sticks. Make tricks harder, add a trick list, make landing more intuitive and less assisted.Snowmobile: open flat areas would be perfect playgrounds for the snowmobile, that can have it's on trick system. In multiplayer mode you could pull other players behind you.Kickers: Build your own jump. Define the size, angle and slope. You could gain speed by being pulled by another player on a snowmobile. Kickers can be used for taking off and landing.Snowline: Area walls, really? The best wall in this game would be... no snow. The ground at the bottom of the mountains are bear of snow and grass is appearant. No frozen lakes but water. Rivers could come out of glaciers around this altitude.Punitive bails: You fall off a cliff and only K.O? Respecting the mountain means understanding how dangerous it can be. Show the broken bones of the crashed player model, make them loose a bit of money or make heir gear show damage!Snow conditions/Avalanches: Making people more responsible when they go up the mountain to ride in real life and not get carried away after playing too much Steep by adding a disclamer on the loading screen is not enough. That also has to be implemented in the gameplay. The snow conditions (it's thickness, the max speed it allows, how you can land on it) could change and dangerous areas could appear, creating the conditions for a player to create an avalanche. Other players caught in it would bail but the player that started it would have to take responsibily for other player's demise.Proximity bonus: Having your avatar score points next to a player of your group should add a bonus of share some of the points.Helicopters: Make them flyable! Instead of having am automatic sequence and tickets, why not make a great simulator where you can carry other players around? It would be an end-game unlock.You could have to pay for your fuel and be paid by other players. I know this might sound like I want an Arma version of Steep but having one player pull off a double flip above a helicopter controlled by another player is just too rad.Replay/HUD: Replay mode should be deepened. Static cameras, keyframes, more speed variations, and the possibility to save the replay as a standalone video.That's it for now! I'm going right back into it, if I have more ideas I will probably come and make an edit. Tell me what you think!"
,Recommended,460920,29384930,Posted: 20 January,all,Haven92,"So you probably were like me and keep coming back to this games store page thinking, ""Man I would like a really good snowboarding/skiing/wingsuit game for PC! But this game is only ""Mostly Positive""...""Fear not child, for I have good news.  Steep is a very good game.I LOVED the SSX games.  Have probably a collective 400+hrs in that series. If you are looking for a game like SSX, you will get some of the things you want and some things you don't want out of Steep.  Before I say what these are I just want to say that I realize as I played Steep, that even though I wanted a game like SSX at first, I realized what I really just wanted was a snowboarding game that feels good in it's controls and is confident in what it's trying to be.  Steep is both of those things.You will like:+ The CONTROLS feel good.  They are tight and responsive.  You feel in control of what you are trying to do.+ The GRAPHICS are very nice.  Very big and varied enviriontments lush with detail. Lighting is awesome.  Animations are great.  Snow looks better than any other game i've played. Overall awesome atmosphere.+  The SOUNDS are very good. Great soundtrack.  Nothing too specific to mention.  The sounds just do their job well.+ The REPLAYABILITY.  Some people may not be able to sit and play hours worth of this game in a single session (I can because I like exploring).  But regardless, this game has A LOT of challenges to complete.  You wont be done anytime soon.You may not like:-+ The CHARACTERS.  I feel some of the characters and their voices can be a bit dramatic and cringy.  Others are much better at not sounding so ridiculous.  However, some people may like this.  I'm indifferent about it.-+ The PHYSICS.  On the whole, I like them.  However I think that everyone who has played this game can agree that sometime your skiis or snowboard just act kinda ""funny"" when going over a slope or bumping into something. sometimes you remain connected on the ground when it feels like you should've left the ground for a second or two.  Sometimes you just turn to tight or lose momentum when it feels like you shouldnt have.  The thing to remember here is that these instances are rare on the whole and the positive physics experiences outweigh the bad by a considerable amount.-+ The PRICE.  A lot of people keep mentioning the price of this game being too expensive.  I do not agree.  I bought this at $60 and I definitely feel like i've gotten my moneys worth.  However, I seem to be in the minority on that one.  Keep in mind though that if you love snowboarding and skiing games, and love to explore, I dont think the price will bother you.Overall, If you are looking for a great extreme snow sports title I just dont think you can go wrong with Steep."
,Recommended,460920,29380778,Posted: 20 January,all,Sampson,"Super fun, best snow sports game on PC right now. Highly reccomended if you are a fan of that kind of thing."
,Recommended,460920,28192672,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Chaimer,"This is a wonderful, resfreshing, fun, and long-lasting game. But it has a select Audience: extreme sports video game enthusiasts. And it requires an open mind in regards to learning a new controller/control paradigm. (Once you get it, its very fun and intuitive.) If you are Ok with those 2 comments, the price will be well worth it -- I promise."
76561198106680079,Recommended,460920,29349225,Posted: 18 January,all,Monkeyjesus,"So far, as a skier, this game has been awesome to play. The challenges are fun and you aren't forced to do them. If you want to just go down a hill and do tricks, whether it's for practice or for fun, you are welcome to while still being able to earn XP.Pros:+Great map+Beautiful graphics+Good physics+Awesome soundtrack+Fun challenges+Large variation between what you can do+Multiplayer doesn't suckCons:-The types of challenges can get repetitve (But that's not the point, the map is part of the challenge, which is what makes them great)-Game is still a little buggy.Overall, I would definitley recommend this game to anyone who enjoys snow sports and/or is curious about buying this game."
,Recommended,460920,28194582,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,shmaxy,Despite the fact its by ubisoft. Its a good game if you like snow sport games
,Recommended,460920,28148495,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Flo4President,"I've played a lot Shaun White Snowboarding and SSX when I was younger, so I was quite hooked when Ubisoft announced Steep. After playing in the closed alpha and both betas I can safely say: Steep is an excellent sports game and the best of its genre.The controls are intuitive and the trick system is easy to learn. There's a replay feature which lets you rewatch/share your latest sessions and create challenges.The open world is huge and it looks absolutly stunning. When you're looking down from the top of a mountain for example.If you like skiing or snowboarding games, this is the game you were looking for.I'm sure this game will calm me down if the winter is like last year.EDIT: They just added a new world: Alaska. It's just as big as their previous map, the Alps. You're also able to grind rails now. And they added a bunch of new tracks to the playlists.Mura Masa <3All of that for free!Thanks Steep Team!"
,Recommended,460920,29900878,Posted: 13 February,all,≮•PuN•Iяís¼ ♫,"This game reminds me of the first ski fact it was super fun, but sometimes there are some points that could be because I've never played this game. I give this game a 8/10."
,Recommended,460920,31549121,Posted: 4 May,all,janlothar,Both extremely relaxing and extremely challenging. Extreme!
,Recommended,460920,28191595,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DemoManowar,"I am biased as this is the first game primarily made by Ubisoft Annecy, my hometown. It is not one of the best in tricks-based snowboarding, especially compared to SSX. It is more of a pure winter sports/mountaineering game. Playing steep brings back memories of my own skiing, obviously not completely true to life, but containing enough little touches you can really feel there at times. The chalets are convincing, as are the pine forests, and the crunch of the snow when you're on foot is perfect when you're stuck in a snowless piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥city and longing for the mountains of home.I realize I am getting tacky and dramatic, but Steep put me in the mood for that. See, above all, though, it is a gushing love letter to the mountains and winter sports, and it is impossible not to like it when you're a boy of these regions.Is the midnight ride with a personnification of the Pointe Percée chanting the wonders of the mountains a bit tacky ? Yes. But tacky and overly passionate is a rarity in current year's video games. It's made by mountaineers, for mountaineers, and it shows.It is not exempt of faults by a long shot. The physics are often pretty ♥♥♥♥ed, there are no goddamn ski lifts when they should be shaping the landscape, the places named in reference to the real Alps have pretty much nothing to do with reality (though in regards of the refuge de leschaux, putting a traditional chalet was more tasteful than the real thing), the tricks system is awkward and a bit too restrictive, and the snowing effects are tame. But the game set out to make a game where you're free to ♥♥♥♥ around the mountains as you please, and by all accounts it succeeds at it. It even dares being very well optimized, with smooth 60 fps and barely any load times even when teleporting."
,Recommended,460920,28348117,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,null,pretty sim but fckuing impossible to alt tabedit: and moving the map with mouse
,Recommended,460920,28363872,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Byrone of Tart,"this game is epic. once you completed the tutorial and have done a few events and tried out some harder lines, you really start to get it and you improve very fast. It looks pretty but the gameplay is very smooth overall. i have glitched in a rock 3 times in 5 hours or so but overall a great game and way more enjoyable than expectededit : tried lul"
,Recommended,460920,28691318,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Leww,Really fun!
76561198104313035,Recommended,460920,28171391,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,GAINZ LORD,Ubisoft making good games....havn't heard that in years.
76561198139525583,Recommended,460920,29340171,Posted: 18 January,all,A Dozen Pickles,Best snowboarding/skiing/wing suit/paragliding game in a very long time!
76561198037291396,Recommended,460920,28264501,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,天昇KINKYSCARYKINKYSCARY,Amazing game
76561198043221083,Recommended,460920,28257223,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Kackeklo [CH],"10/10 I would buy it again, instantly. This is a fantastic game, it's very atmospheric and a very cool Extreme-Sport game. I only can recomend this game!"
76561198076609201,Recommended,460920,28198291,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Cole,Ubisoft makes a ton of shity games this is not one of them.
76561198015627508,Recommended,460920,28183500,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jallball ッ,"Great game :) reminde me about ssx games but this is diffrent where you have paragliding and the wingsuit i just love to fly and make some insane trick with ski and snoboard aswell. Very nice graphics  and great soundtrack on this game to, i mean its a little expensive to buy bot my opinion is worth every single penny. 10/10 is mye rate."
,Recommended,460920,28723592,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Xray_dude,"Some people think this game is bad, I think it's AMAAAAAAAZZZIING!!!"
,Recommended,460920,29696942,Posted: 4 February,all,The-Lost-Demon,The best game on a genre filled with bad games. The gameplay and the sports available without the (yet to be released) DLC are really great and every single one controlls like how you expect them to control (PERFECTLY).I think that you have more than enough missions and a whole lot of space to explore and play in with community made tracks.For me this is one of the best sport games that has come out in the last years and the best snow sports game that has ever been released. If you ever wanted to play a snow sport game this is the one you should get.10 / 10- Hope Ubisoft keeps up the good releases.
,Recommended,460920,29795747,Posted: 8 February,all,key,"Definitely captures the feeling of big mountain riding.  I love the generally open world and progression system is decent.  Great amount of challenges, huge mountain, great atmosphere.  Runs well on my medium range computer.  Could have done without some of the paragliding and wingsuit stuff, but I guess those will appeal to some people.  If you are looking for a great modern ski/snowboard game, this is it.  Best played on a controller."
76561198047624448,Recommended,460920,28361039,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,flöjt,"I don't know what to do now, ive got gold on everyting exept the boring paraglider thing.I want more competitions and stuff ;("
76561197964433562,Recommended,460920,28649253,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sinnoh Master 2K17,Awesome... love the deer head!
,Recommended,460920,28652103,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Husky ❥,"Very relaxing to play, I love it."
76561197971262152,Recommended,460920,31405843,Posted: 27 April,all,Ntimid8ter,best winter game ever fun great graphics game play have fun with friends
,Recommended,460920,29557946,Posted: 28 January,all,Liggy,"Finally a new sports game that comes to PC. Steep is beautiful, it's massive, and it's straight up relaxing. A little frustrating with challenges, but enough to leave you satisfied when completing them. I prefer skiing to snowboarding, however the tight trails really make you lean more towards the snowboarding side. The views are absolutely gorgeous at times, and being able to change the time of day and ambiance really spices up the immersion. I highly recommend this game if you find relaxation in sliding down a giant snowy mountain. Don't think you're going to be pulling off SSX tricks though because that's not happening. I spent the first few hours learning how to play, the next few admiring the scenery, and the last couple trying to be competitive.Now that's the good stuff about Steep. Am I going to say there isn't stuff that bothers me? of course not. There is a bunch of things that bother me, just not enough to rant about and hate the game. Physics could be fixed, but I believe Ubisoft can fix these things soon enough as nothing is game breaking.Thanks for a solid game, Ubisoft. 8.5/10"
76561197980508845,Recommended,460920,28208412,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SSDD,"Fun and relaxing. Not too realistic, not too arcadey.Addictive(if you like speed and racing/competition/challenge)There are things that could and should be improved but nothing major.8/10Price is reasonable. Normal price for AAA games."
,Not Recommended,460920,29262552,Posted: 14 January,all,Kira Kusai,No singleplayer. You cannot stop people from joining your game and stalking you. I like it other than that so hopefully they patch in some kind of mode for that.
,Recommended,460920,32357777,Posted: 11 June,all,almaz,Super fun to play singleplayer and co-op. I definitely recommend a controller for the game. It feels made for controller.
,Recommended,460920,32705051,Posted: 23 June,all,Piper Chapman,"it turned out to be my fav game , love at frst sight. Epic everything , outstanding graphics same as in Rise Otr. not to miss relaxing as hell .worth buying . go for it. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,460920,35305119,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr. Cappuccino,"Really fun game, at least for the first few hrs imo, I still play it sometimes.Awesome Graphics, but mostly ""eye candy"" as most Ubisoft games are *cough*Division.............Pretty fun tho but I srsly dont think it should be priced this much.Buy on Sale...Not gonna recommend this coz of the price"
,Recommended,460920,28153695,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SlideShow,Very good game I love it. Reminds me of the time I use to play Shawn White snowboarding on my psp. Controls may be hard for some people at the start but you will get use to it.  All in all I give it a 8/10 worth the price.
,Not Recommended,460920,30157758,Posted: 24 February,all,Mist,"Becomes really boring after just 3 hours.Very little multiplayer, and just in general really dissapointing. Doesn't look like the pictures."
,Recommended,460920,28144549,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Nick,"So far so good. Plays very nicely with barely any performance hiccups. Game runs flawlessly completely maxed out including 8x MSAA anti-aliasing method. Graphics look ""ok"" but nothing mind-blowing. Load times are insanely fast allowing you to just re-start events after falling in an instant and allowing you to teleport to the top of the mountain to try a different path all that much easier.Exploration is key and the game really doesn't hold your hand after the tutorial and let's you play it your way. Very large map, lots of customization options, a seemless online multiplayer experience and an overall great game. Highly recommend if you're a fan of snowboarding games. This is MUCH better than Shaun White Snowboarding or that trash-heap ""Snow"" indy game.For more in-depth review, check out my video review. It's processing atm but should be ready soon.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFf9OZwLTp8&feature=youtu.beAnd here's a short PC Benchmark to give you an idea of how it runs.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YAL2nTOYw8&feature=youtu.be"
,Recommended,460920,28153596,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,White,This is the best extreme sports game of all time!!!The game is very relaxing to play. Just turn some tunes on and the time just flies by. :)10/10
,Recommended,460920,28140209,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Cyran Atlas,I like my tricks like I like my womenSlow or knocked out
,Recommended,460920,28141748,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,RT_Mythictang,"Participated in closed alpha and open beta, I'd say it is a solid game from Ubisoft. The game has stunning graphics and butter smooth gameplay experience.(Yeah..There goes my winter.)"
76561198096914137,Not Recommended,460920,30266271,Posted: 1 March,all,McFroyo,it's fun for a few hours until you've done every thing in the game in a matter of hours. :(
,Recommended,460920,28135868,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Sahand3000,"I played 17 hours worth of this game on open beta and I didn't finish what I could of done, so theres a lot of play time. Ghrapics are great and well optimized in my opioion. Only problem im having on release is with using my xbox one controller, kinda broken but hopefully there will be a fix. That shouldn't stop you from playing this game because it works pefectly with a keyboard and mouse, xbox 360 contoller, and ps4 controller as far as I know."
,Recommended,460920,29475566,Posted: 24 January,all,SleepyRadio182,"lOVE THIS GAME! Not the best sports game out there, but I was expecting much worse."
,Recommended,460920,29487218,Posted: 25 January,all,^ea†er^,"Awesome game. Plays great on my asus gaming laptop i7 1070 8gb g-sync.been running it in 4k lately still no lag at all ever.this game is a breath of frreeshh air out of nowhere, physics, snow that seems voxel based llike spintires sort of. in 4k ultra the snow looks even more better, the rendering is great at that level.been snowboarding since 8o's first winterstick and burtons when i was young  to the better futuristic designs of today,fing awesome...."
,Recommended,460920,29473605,Posted: 24 January,all,Jeff,"Best snowboarding game i've ever played, not to mention wingsuiting is amazing! So many obsticles to dodge, sights to see, and outfits to create!"
,Recommended,460920,30452918,Posted: 11 March,all,•●SloWolf●•,Gives me inspiration to make dangerous stunts IRL... Not gooood
,Recommended,460920,30451567,Posted: 11 March,all,Lê Roasted Chicken nugget,good♥♥♥♥♥♥ubisoft france
,Recommended,460920,30452383,Posted: 11 March,all,Jeng (ユキオ),"Not much of a story, but I mean, did you really expect one? It's an extreme sports game, not sure if it really needs it, not to say it can't have one, but personally, I just love to do the challenges and coast down the mountains or slopes."
,Recommended,460920,30493580,Posted: 13 March,all,Baker's Tub,Fun Snowboarding game. Not much to it.
,Recommended,460920,30732110,Posted: 25 March,all,Very Buttery Bread,Fun.
76561198326265280,Recommended,460920,28834373,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,RYMaster_777,"I love this game! the graphics are amazing and the gameplay is amazing (which is hard to find now. It's usually one or the other). I have already played this game for hours, and probably will be for many more. I understand that this game is still in Beta, but developers if you're reading this, there are few bugs that Many people (myself included) have come across. The first one that I found was that, text in the menus would sometimes not appear, but in-game, the text is there but it flickers. The problem I have with this, is that it isn't really ON but flickers OFF. It's more OFF and every couple seconds, it flickers ON for enought time to read half of a word so it's almost impossible to read. The second glitch isn't as bad, but it gets tedious after a while. Every 10-20 minutes, the game crashes, but it still syncs my progress to ""the cloud"", so I'm thinking it's a glitch where it crashes when it uploads your progress. Overall, it's still an amazing game, with a few bugs that are annoying, but not game breaking"
,Recommended,460920,28834645,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,zesty memes,all the fun of ubisoft bugs that we know and love going down a hill at high speeds.
,Recommended,460920,28821090,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,K1LO_EC,Just AWESOME.
76561198117506060,Recommended,460920,29040125,Posted: 5 January,all,Mememaster28,"SteepThis game is great, but there are so many horrible bugs that sometimes, you want to throw your computer out the window. For example, one time I was doing a race, and out of nowhere, I just fell, and trust me, I did not hit ""R"" (which is the fail button) It has great challenges and is a lot of fun, but it needs a LOT of work"
,Recommended,460920,29240468,Posted: 13 January,all,Shredder,This game is one of the best games ever created. I have played a lot and never get board. There are an infinite amount of runs and challenges. If you dont like skiing or snowboarding or other extreme sports this game is not for you. Highly recommend it.
76561198201931336,Recommended,460920,29343764,Posted: 18 January,all,boris,"I absolutly love this game and gameranx is wrong, this is super fun to play and i can't wait for the extreme pack. Ubisoft nailed it <3"
,Recommended,460920,29531731,Posted: 27 January,all,Chicken Noodle Swoup,very awesome game! zero loading times. runs very well
76561198302642354,Recommended,460920,29423720,Posted: 22 January,all,Arekkusu,Steep is very fun and chill with a lot of funny customs and great comunity missions 100000/10
,Recommended,460920,29348618,Posted: 18 January,all,loganswagg77,I absolutely LOVE LOVE this game. Really nice job Ubisoft.
,Recommended,460920,29359470,Posted: 19 January,all,sexiest man OCTOBER 2017,good
,Recommended,460920,30253544,Posted: 28 February,all,ShadowPlayz,"If your a big fan of extreme sports games there's nothing like it in this era of gaming. There has not been an extreme sports game like it ever. Even though Tony Hawk Pro Skater 5 came out in 2015 it wasn't that good and the controls felt unnattural compared to the previous titles. And the game didn't even come out for PC but that's a good thing because console peasants understand what a bad port feels like. I have Tony Hawk Pro Skater HD and it's terrible everything about it. We haven't got an SSX game in a while probably 10 years. And we need to embrace that this is a game that is a spirtual successor to SSX Tricky and Tony Hawk Pro Skater. When this game first came out of course with Ubisoft the controls are not gonna be up to par and network connectivity wasn't going to be the best. That's with every Ubisoft game that comes out for open beta and even full release. Ubisoft did great with Shaun White Skateboarding. I had it for the Wii and the controls were excellent, it's replayability was awesome and it had personality.I got for PC last June and I love the game I just hated how it lacked the option to use a controller. But it was still good. I'm Glad that Ubisoft didn't ♥♥♥♥ it up compared to the studio that made the last Tony Hawk Games. This game has excellent controls,personality, it runs well and looks gorgeous. It doesn't need a beefy system to run games on high settings at 1080p. It's not boring and not anything you'll expect from a sports game nowadays and it's being constantly updated and it's way better than the open and closed beta, The unlockables make me feel like I accomplished something and I haven't had that feeling in almost a decade when it comes to video games. The only problem is the price, Don't buy the game only for $60 and the Gold Pack for $100 wait for it to go on sale for the Gold Pack, I bought the Gold Pack for $67 which is like $37 for the game and $30 for the season pass. It adds a bunch of new sports,challenges,characters and costumes for more fun and real playability with friends and strangers online. I almost picked it up on release but I was wise and picked it up while the Gold Pack was on Sale for $67. Theonline is very great and fun depending on the people your playing with of course. I've only played two hours of this game which isn't much but it's an extremely great timekiller for extreme sports finatics. The oionly thing lacking is the soundtrack and the Characters. The music is okay but it can always be better and they could've had extreme sports athletes be characters in the game for more people to be interested. But if your a big extrem sports fan and a big fan of the extreme sports gaming genre this is the best that there's to offer. SSX Tricky fans this is the closest thing to SSX in my book."
,Recommended,460920,32830704,Posted: 26 June,all,Crammie,"I wasnt sure to buy this one or leave it because it is easy to mess something like a sports game and particular a snowsports game up pretty badly but as it turned out it is one hell of a game.What really got me hooked is the ability to free roam and go wherever you like. I like the competitions and as i am a quiet competetive person im allways going for gold which can be frustrating because you sometimes have to hit everything 100% but id rather have that then having to get every gold medal for free.The graphics are something else. Im playing everything on Ultra (120fps for the once carring about that) and it is just astonishing. The Snow and the Sun just looks so well. I love it.Can i recommend it? Totally! If you love good looking games and have a competitve nature then this is a mustbuy for you. It is worth full price BUT if you can get it cheaper you should allways go for it (jut for the indie titles, support them lot)"
76561197970436937,Recommended,460920,28315331,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,JohnnyG,"Amazing game.  Don't believe the ""professional"" games critics (RPS/PC Gamer), they know ****.I love it.  Good one Ubisoft."
,Recommended,460920,28856777,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ϻ Σ Ð ᗐ Σ Ð,"Honestly one of the most beautiful games I've ever played (graphics, gameplay, aethetics) of course you can look past all of that and go into gameplay, which I find to be very fun and enjoyable to learn how to get better. The free roaming aspect of this winter sports/extreme sports game brings a feeling of openess like you are able to do whatever you want and not be held back by a storyline and main missions. You do as you please and have fun. Very proud of Ubisoft, they made a game that has become special to me (the last Ubisoft game that did that way AC Brotherhood). Only major cons I have found or minor graphical glitches and minor gameplay issues which I dont doubt will be fixed in due time. 10/10 I have faith in you Ubi, don't let us down."
76561198034620461,Recommended,460920,29590582,Posted: 30 January,all,JGrizz,"Legitimately fun, and a HUGE open world"
,Recommended,460920,29130963,Posted: 8 January,all,Doctor Futurity,"I thoroughly enjoy playing a much more phsically fit avatar dude hiking up high mountains and jumping to his death, repeatedly. Worth it for the terrifying sceams right before he crashes....would be 10/10 but the game needs more wolves, bears and yetis to spice up the hiking bits. This could have been a serious ""survival on the mountain"" game but as it stands, it's a fun game for doing all that stuff I am allergic to in real life (due to a sense of my of frail mortality and a love of creature comforts).Should you get it? Look, I ended up getting the season pass so whadda I know."
76561198064921466,Recommended,460920,28807130,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Propel,its fun
76561197993864956,Recommended,460920,28434826,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Lyser,A really nice game if you are into exploring mountains. Stay clear if you expect to do unrealistic snowboard tricks like in SSX
,Recommended,460920,29447437,Posted: 23 January,all,RSG | BillyGatez,"This game was 100% worth the money. I played the free beta version and had a ton of fun, but the fun didn't end there. I bought the game about 2 weeks later knowing how much fun I would have, and the game had already opened new mountains and new missions. There is so much to do. Amazing game."
,Recommended,460920,29005549,Posted: 4 January,all,PlebForEver,bast game ever
,Recommended,460920,28393875,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BeltwayBandit,"Finally an open world snow sports game. Ski/Snowboard/Wingsuit are pretty well dialed in. Some of the controls/physics are a little wonky, but after an hour or so it is easy to get the hang of. I must admit, the paraglide aspect was one I approached with apprehension. I will say, while there is a steep (pun intended) learning curve, it is one of the most rewarding methods of locomotion in the game.Some have criticized individual mechanics of the game, and I agree with some critiques - but overall this is an addiciting game, and I will be playing for years."
,Recommended,460920,28432389,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PointBlank,"Pro: Good game, cool physics. not a sim, not a arcade...the right mix.Con: the price matches the title. its steep. gets a little repetitive for the price. maybe features like snowmobiles, getting to build  your own jumps, a couple more parks, rails, more expansive freestyle ect. would ammount to a $60 title."
76561198060663042,Recommended,460920,29215210,Posted: 12 January,all,JSquared,"It's pretty fun. Here's why:Cons:-The G force is annoying as hell. Snowboard over some rocks and die asap. Lose ALL control while trying to turn sometimes.-The bugs here and there like being sucked down a cliff after jumping over it, clothing page glitching, etc etc.Pros:-Relaxing AF if you aren't doing challenges. Just flying or riding around is a blast.-Really pretty. Great graphics. I'm on a gtx 770 and I have a great time running it.-The character customization is dope. I really enjoy messing around with my style and unlocking more gear through challenges.-The progression and sense OF progressing are really pleasing and make it much more entertaining.-When the tricks and riding work, it's really pleasing and flowy and so much fun.Over all, fun game.8/10"
76561198320476007,Recommended,460920,29114415,Posted: 8 January,all,KiMoJi,游戏是好游戏 可是你们能懂那种上线五分钟掉线俩小时的感受？不过我还是要给好评，因为这游戏实在是太好玩了23333
76561198082332467,Recommended,460920,28281902,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ajg202120,"It's a really great game. I saw it and wasn't really sure I was going to get it until it was on sale. An hour later I bought the gold edition. The extra content is not out yet, but I don't regret buying it at all. Theres plenty of open map to explore and slopes to tackle. The game also controls wonderfully with a controler. I have not tried the mouse and keyboard. Just don't try to pizza when you are supposed to french fry. If you try to pizza when you are supposed to french fry you are gonna have a bad time."
,Recommended,460920,28226650,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Minty,"great purchase!! really fun game to play alone or with freinds.. even random online players!!! realistic tricks so if you are used to a game like SSX this game may not be for you! but even then still one of the best snowboarding,skiing and other winter sport games!!! i recommend 8/10 ! :)"
,Recommended,460920,28796052,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,I got a jar of Dirt,Very interesting Fun game my friends.1:starts up game2: falls off board3: cries myself to sleep
,Recommended,460920,28805647,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,1 kill only dot com,"Perfect game for people who like winter sports, but are too lazy to stand for more than 15 seconds at a time. 10/10 would play this instead of getting exercise again."
,Recommended,460920,28195595,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,STRANGER,"With eleven hours in the beta, and about ten and a half more as of this review, I've really been enjoying mySteepexperience.It plays like you’d want it to. The controls have taken some getting used to, but I didn't seem to mind learning because the game does well with challenging at all levels. Steep will definitely be a bit nostalgic for any of the N64 era players as it requires you to learn in depth, albeit simple, controls while just slightly veering into the realm of monotony you’ve probably come to expect from sports games. That aside, this is a good title and it’s worth getting if you enjoy the idea of a fluid extreme winter sport game with some minor (fun) glitches and relatively competitive play."
76561198065823512,Recommended,460920,30707857,Posted: 24 March,all,[LENG] Flashbang Monk,Some days I get home and I want to throw myself off and down a cliff.Steep lets me do that with both style and with out fear of it actually being the end of my life.Love it.
,Recommended,460920,28898658,Posted: 1 January,all,thecrazybot,"I had my doubts about purchasing this game as the price is quite high for what seems like an experience you can get out of other games like SNOW. But really, this is a really a unique game with quite a steep learning curve (if you are new to extreme sporting games) but the work pays off with a beautiful mountain range with details at every corner. For example the first person mode even has the sounds changed so it feels like a go pro, the snow is dynamic so that even your ski stick will create a change in the terrain. Overall, amazing.Although the multi-player is a bit weird, it always feels epic when you dive off a cliff edge and race a snow boarder down the slopes. Hopefully they will allow the game to be played without an internet connection, but other than that, this game is a solid9.5/10"
,Recommended,460920,30760614,Posted: 26 March,all,AnonymousZombie,"Expansive, open world skiing/snowboarding with top notch graphics.   I like the dual stick control scheme.   Tons of droppoff points, events, unlockables.  Underrated."
,Recommended,460920,30744188,Posted: 25 March,all,'tRuDz',"WoWDream come true gameFor all xgames and stunt lovers....Easy handling, game format and controllingGfX & Environment are also awesome​"
76561198058777721,Recommended,460920,30747266,Posted: 26 March,all,deine Mama Homosexuell,i juumped off a cliff but only got knocked out 10/10
,Recommended,460920,29105075,Posted: 7 January,all,Scarce,"A really fun game if you enjoy winter sports, I wouldn't recommend it to everyone. There are some bugs with the environment but they usually correct themselves. Only problem I have with the gameplay is that only 20% of the challenges you do are actually challenging, the other challenges you can get a gold metal in 2-3 attempts. Overall I would recommend it to anyone who likes this kind of stuff."
76561197961667237,Recommended,460920,28336805,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Frontm@n,great snowboard/ski game
,Recommended,460920,28296975,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[コロシ] Murdersauce,"This game makes me smile and ""wow"" so much!The price may seem STEEP but the game is super quality physics and realistic gameplay.  I spent most of my childhood participating in HALF the sports available, and they represent the realism of the actual experience!   The paragliding and the squirrel suits are probably pretty close to reality, however i dont have real life experience with those.The skiing is amazing!  the powder reacts to your skis and vice versa, very close to what happens in reality.The exploration capabilities, and the ability to create and share your own lines and using two different types of challenge for people you may find on the mountain.You can join with friends, or find people on the mountain as your are exploring or riding.  It's pretty silly sometimes finding someone with a crazy line!This game was bought on a whim, after thinking about how much fun it would be to have another snowboarding game.  I give it a 5/5!   this game is sooo worth it, especially if you have a steam controller!!!"
76561198182756527,Recommended,460920,28954648,Posted: 2 January,all,Craig,"Being the skiier/snowboarder I am, I bought the game with little research. I went on to see what I liked and disliked about it, and I have to say, this is the only sports game I like. From all the other racing games/sports games, you don't have to be good or bad to play. Just get to know the game physics and tricks and you feel like a real pro! The openworld style gives you a lot of freedom, and you unlock new slopes as you go by the game, so when you're at it you don't feel like you need to go higher as you feel good at your current comfort level. The only thing that really dissapointed me was the dlc content. This game is 60.00 USD and I feel like this is a price for a full game, but the DLC offers 3 new sports for 20 more dollars. I find this greedy of Ubisoft, and should atleast have the 3 more sports in the full price. Other than that, great game, hard to find one once in a while.Pros:-Amazing Graphics-Realistic Physics-Good community-Easy to play-Many challenges and endless things to do-Many sports to choose from-In-Game currency which you don't find necessary to earn or worry about-In-Game character customizationCons:-Too high of a price-Repatitive game-Could use a singleplayer-Could use missions, ingame objectives, though there are small ones you can do"
76561197988688643,Recommended,460920,28287131,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Mofuk,"Great atmosphere, excellent controls, and a nice and clean HUD really makes this game. If you're a fan of the SKATE series definitely pick this up, as this has a very similar feel and makes for a perfect winter-sports game."
,Recommended,460920,28697908,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,JohnVicious,"The game brings me back to the excitement of 1080 in N64 and SSX on the PS3. This game feels like a mash up of SKATE and SSX. You can't just press a button and do a trick, you have to do combinations and land correctly in order to avoid losing your score streaks. Honestly, one of my favorite games in my library."
,Recommended,460920,28699309,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Yung Autist,"reminds me of the early 2000's extream sports games i useed to play, may be nestogia fueld but damn dose it feel good to play a new game in this genre"
,Recommended,460920,28719735,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SPOOKY MEMES,very good graphics
,Recommended,460920,28720024,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,THEhawkMASTERofDOOM,"best extreme sports ever love it have a lot of fun, specially with friends"
,Recommended,460920,28772079,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GoD_Kroghern,"SYSTEM CRASH SIMULATOROne of the best games I've played so far. Extremely good graphics, challenges, multiplayer system, but there is only one downside to it...Everytime I open the game I can play it for aprox 20-30min before the game crashes. It also made my whole system crash at some points, which made me restart my PC using the famous ""Swedish power button""-technique.Besides some crashes here and there, this is my summary:Graphics: 9.5/10Gameplay: 9/10Vibes/feel: 10/10Physics: 7/10 (my guy falls off his board too much)Overall: 9.5/10"
,Recommended,460920,29075440,Posted: 6 January,all,Two Tyson Chicken Patties,"I bought this game during the winter sale. I saw all the negitive reviews about the price, the tricks, the glitches, everything. And I still bought it like an idiot.And I love it. I love it to death. It's a fantastic, fluid game with a good soundtrack, a hard as nails trick system that airs on the side of realism, and a fun social element to it that a lot of games just don't have.I am a huge Skate fan and I can see all of the obivious influences here, from the camera to the trick system. If you want Skate but in an SSX shell, get this. You won't be disappointed.The price is a bit sharp and the DLC's they plan on releasing is another case of ""Why Didn't You Put This In Here In The First Place Ubisoft"". Also if I put a full mask on a character, it clips through the face and causes a huge black dancing shadow that is super districating to show up and it's really annoying.But to be honest, I can deal with the flaws. I can deal with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. This game is fun, challenging, and it really makes me proud that Ubisoft, a game studio that has it's own bad track record recently, can still put out a fun and innovated and amazing game."
76561197999754874,Recommended,460920,33201245,Posted: 3 July,all,goforth_and_die,"It took me about 10 hours too really get into the game, but now I love it"
76561198069667784,Recommended,460920,33705714,Posted: 21 July,all,PoisonSandwich,"Fun game overall, This is a game where you pretty much have nothing else to do in the day and sort of just want to snowboard and waste some time. There are definitely improvements that can be made like when you go on ice, and also adding rails and other things. I have hope for the game overall though. I say dont buy it unless you really have nothing to do and just want to waste time snowboarding."
,Recommended,460920,28351463,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Hoplite,"I know a lot of people are not happy with the ""repetative"" nature of the game.I will say up front this does not bother me. If you like snowboarding games, you will love this one. It is beautiful. Physics feel great. Doesn't pigeon hole you into set lines. This game definitely has a vast feeling of freedom to it.Only things that I would improve would be:+Moar clothes and equipment!+Moar songs! (Or custom playlists?)+Goggle color effects toggle?Playing with a friend is awesome. If nobody is on, I just screw around and freeride sometimes. I think my longest freeride is like 10min? It is really relaxing.Definitely recommend!(If you're on the fence, wait till it goes on sale.)"
76561198301651150,Recommended,460920,28733341,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NEON_FIRE,its awesome
76561198157763539,Recommended,460920,28737750,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,bolojameing,"it lags very bad in the shop, but other then that its a good game"
,Recommended,460920,28740340,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Big eef,couldnt open
76561198152359240,Recommended,460920,28755394,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BuckNastey,"Great game! If you are a fan of extreme mountain sports then you will like this game. Good physics, good feel, good music, good fluitity, overall a great game"
,Recommended,460920,28768656,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,VLADIMIR LENIN,"Cant even lie, when I first started this game I wondered how my buddy even recommended me a game like this, Couldnt do a trick couldnt stand on my ski's for more than a minute thought that the whole physics of this game was crap. but then a epiphany hit me. Try to learn the game. shorly after actually understanding the game mechanics I almost thought I was running a pawn shop, was getting so many gold medals. decently addicting and understandable at most to be mad, this isnt your typical ssx. overall good on you ubisoft but could do without the blatant advertising. sipping a redbull as im getting out of a redbull helicopter? i get it."
,Recommended,460920,28777158,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Crabapple,"Although I have not played the game for too long, I believe I have played it enough to write a review about it. So for all of you that are a little bit pushed away by the game's ""steep"" price, this might help you out a little bit.The game is a sports game that is based around skiing, snowboarding, paragliding, and flying in a wingsuit around some big mountains (just in case you haven't figured that out yet). It is made by Ubisoft which is somewhat unfortunate due to the fact that you have to have a UPlay account for the game and Ubisoft is known for its incompetence. Despite that information it is a really solid and fun game. The controls are user-friendly which enhances the experience of dashing down a snow-covered mountain at maximum velocity. For those who have an amazing computer, you will likely find that the graphics are amazing and for those with a relatively bad computer, you will find slightly less amazing graphics, but stil amazing! Basically, the graphics are pretty sick. The gameplay is extremely awesome too (for the most part). Snowboarding and skiing are both the biggest highlights of this game compared to the other two sports to choose from. I guess the wingsuits are okay, but honestly, the paragliding is pretty boring. Despite that, the gameplay is pretty sick and definitely makes you feel like you are actually skiing or snowboarding.This game is great for both sportspeople and gamers a like, which is helpful because it allows for more players and a large variety of players. Although I haven't really done much with the social aspect of the game because none of my friends own this game, the little I have seen of it seems to be pretty solid. One thing that is really cool about the game is that it is an open world game so it feels like you have more freedom to just do what you want. You can either do the challenges or you can just mess around by snowboarding down giant hills or maybe faceplanting into a giant boulder in a wingsuit. The possibilities are almost endless.There really is not a lot to say negatively about this game. The main things that are negative about the game are the paragliding, Ubisoft, and not a lot of stat progression (which really is not a problem for me but it could be for most people). This game also has couple of bugs every now and then which comes with Ubisoft, but those could possibly be worse due to the fact that my computer is not that great.Although the game is some what pricey, it is most definitely worth it on a sale and still worth it even when it is not on a sale assuming you aren't breaking the bank by buying this game.Overview:Pros:1. Great Gameplay2. Great grapics3. Great Open-World4. Fun Challenges5. User-Friendly ControlsCons:1. Pricey2. Ubisoft -_-3. ParaglidingFinal Score | 8/10"
,Recommended,460920,28886070,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Joker™,This game is absolutley stunning! The game itself is beautiful when it comes to the graphics and the gameplay brings me back to the days of Skate. Highly reccomend if you are looking for a fun casual game to past the time while you shred some slopes or glide down the side of a mountain.
76561198042332359,Recommended,460920,28917927,Posted: 1 January,all,col fagooggot,"Fun and exciting, I like snow sports so this is fun for me lol"
76561198311647559,Recommended,460920,28958840,Posted: 2 January,all,Boomstriker101,"Steep is an amazing game with high quality graphics and a unique playstyle. This is literally the best sports game i have ever played since ssx tricky. You buy this game and step into it, I guarantee that you will play it for at least too hours (and fall in love with the game)!"
,Recommended,460920,28974465,Posted: 3 January,all,Super saiyan 3 pepe,I won't stop playing this no matter how many times I die
76561198117224756,Recommended,460920,28978803,Posted: 3 January,all,Nick111211,"The best sports game I have ever played. It sports a massive open world which the player is free to explore by skiing, paragliding, wingsuiting and snowboarding, by themselves or with friends. There are also many races and challenges one can also do by themself, or against friends. Graphics look amazing, and the game's loading times are practically non existent in game - you can instantly teleport from one mountain to another in one click. The switching of sports is also very seamless, meaning you can be snowboarding one moment, then wingsuiting the next. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,460920,28990341,Posted: 3 January,all,fannysmasher,"If you wanna relax and just enjoy yourself then this is the game.Get it on sale though, purchased for £26."
,Recommended,460920,33180370,Posted: 3 July,all,Ampha,"I play this game when I need to chill, it's a great relaxer and the music fits the mood great.If you're looking to explore the open world the gameplay gets somewhat repetitive and boring after a while, but if you're looking to play for the challenges then this game is great for that.I'd give it an 8/10."
,Recommended,460920,28345694,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Whopper Jr.,"its not what i expected, but still fun.still waiting for the skate of snowboarding though"
,Recommended,460920,28696587,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,deathpunk2783,"Something so satisfying about jumping off a mountain, be it with ski's, snowboard, glider suit or paraglider! Also watching yourself fly into the side of a mountain after glider suit accident with action replays, even left a snow dent like a looney tunes cartoon. Highly reccomend"
76561198030744587,Recommended,460920,28843076,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bender,"If you got an itch for snowboarding or skiing this is the scratch to meet your itch. It did for me anyways. Open world, freedom to go anywhere and do anything. the Mechanics are very realistic plenty of fun to be had. Helps if you have friends that play aswell. Couple things i would like to see in the future is the ability to grind rails and more tree trails. understandble that switzerland doesnt have many tree's in the high alpine to begin with. but i look forward to the North American expansion. Hooruh!"
76561198118747380,Recommended,460920,30788206,Posted: 28 March,all,taltsibulia,"to people that love to play games with missions,history,pvp the is not really for you. but there is one thing.1.the game do not have any history elements (only annoying guys that always talking with you)2.the game not rly have that big kind of tricks3.the game will boar you after aweek4.but still this is game about an abig open world that you can race with your friends and have fun with themi personally like this game soo much-beacuse i can push my friends out of the kliffs :)"
,Recommended,460920,30350562,Posted: 5 March,all,Shiab,"With about 50 hours into this game (and growing) I think I can say that I enjoy this game. It does get boring when you reach the level cap, but I am looking foward to the DLC. It is not something like GTA, but if you love winter sports this is the game for you. Likewise, you can get SNOW, which is free, but STEEP has much more to offer."
76561198315081446,Recommended,460920,28332914,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Epicness 357,The game is very fun although I decided to get a refund as for £40 it is not worth it. People say the gameplay wears thin quickly although I find it thoroughly enjoyable. I would advise buying this if you have a relatively large sum of money available or if it is on offer for a max of £20. Also I think that the gold editiono should be included for £40.
,Recommended,460920,28947097,Posted: 2 January,all,nP | The_SaireX,Nice Game I like ItBut need to do the graphic that run easy
76561198142561040,Recommended,460920,28947319,Posted: 2 January,all,A Pharmacist,"I was justifying whether or not buying this game for the $40 price tag. After playing for a while I'm glad I did. If you liked SNOW the game, I would definitely give this a go, especially while its on sale."
76561197965030955,Recommended,460920,28519658,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Sicksense,"Good Game, Hope the patch wil do the trick and make it even better..."
,Recommended,460920,28183344,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ProMiner64,"its cool, i love it"
,Recommended,460920,28315155,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Rezza,Skate 3 + SSX =Steep!
,Recommended,460920,28611279,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DWLooney,Very fun game! Lots to do and explore. Skiing/Snowboarding is by far the funnest mode.
,Recommended,460920,28492133,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,kaEfbaMl,"Im having a lot of fun with this game. Ive got about 100 hours played on SNOW. SNOW is extremely fun, but I feels this game will offer just as many hours of fun that I had in SNOW. SNOW took me roughly 20 to 30 hours to get the mechanics down pretty smooth and true, its hard to do the same with this game due to the spin restriction if you do not have enought air for the trick. Turning it off helps, but dtill have restrictions. All in all, good game"
76561198188490635,Recommended,460920,29383328,Posted: 20 January,all,ROtBIRD,This game is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome for guys who like skateboarding.
76561198011102536,Recommended,460920,29385265,Posted: 20 January,all,Vicious Hanzo,Based on the reviews for this game I was debating on if I should get this game or not. So far it has been really fun and since I have been without Amped snowboarding for a long time this was a great game to fill the missing joy I have for winter sports games. The parachute gliding is aboslute ♥♥♥♥ing garbage though.
,Recommended,460920,28199445,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Grimwald580,Great open world game if you want to explore/goof around/love snowsports in general.
76561197972658084,Recommended,460920,28197646,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,America's War Boner,"The health system and trick system aren't properly explained at all. It's not SSX. Your're not screaming down the mountain busting out dumb combos and besides landing as smoothly as possible you HAVE to be sure to cut momentum to restore health. There are also tweaks to grabs that will greatly boost your trickscore. Other than their failure to explain those core systems, the game is great. Just skiing around the mountain feels amazing. The wingsuit offers pure hilarity and the paragliding is a peaceful ride."
,Recommended,460920,28805104,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Maejlene,"Well.. I wish I just could write a review sooner.. But I was really busy playing the game.To me the game is made for chilling. I just go in and spend hours without noticing.Here's what my thoughts are by the means on pros and cons;Pros:1-Game is fun, whatever you do paraglide/snowboard/skii/wingsuit, doesn't matter. Game will always stun you with it's beautiful views and somehow interesting story at times.2-It doesn't force you to do missions at all, if you are bored; go around and explore, pull of stunts and share your great moments with players, dare them to a challenge!3-Map is huuuuuuge. Yeah, it's not huge. It's what you call huuuuuuge. There are places I yet to explore, but so far all I can say is that the game haven't let me down yet.4-Despite it's being only online, you can send party invites (i still haven't figured how to accept the invites though) and play with your friends, or make new friends by randomly sending invites. Don't hesitate, people always like to share good moments!5-You are not obliged to follow mission's trails (well... except it's a checkpoint one). You can always pick up new routes to achieve what the mission says, do whatever you feel like, and just have fun out there!Cons:1-Game is a bit expensive, even in winter sale, but it just gives back what it takes from you so it's not a loss at all. For me at least.2-Some stunts and tricks are really hard to pull off with keyboard, so in my opinion, it'd be better to play it with a controller.3-As I stated above, I still couldn't figure how to accept the party invites I've got. I looked up for any leads, but people claim that G key works both when you are about to send a party invite or accept it. For me, if it's working, it's 10 seconds later or around. I hoped they would make it more clear so we could actually accept the invites.So far that's all I've countered. Thanks for reading till the end.I heartily rate this game 10/10*hands a cookie*Have fun y'all!"
76561198095201422,Recommended,460920,29323575,Posted: 17 January,all,»Purple-Archer«,"This game is not bad at all. The snowboarding/skiiing/wingsuiting is really fun! My personal opinion is that paragliding is incredibly boring, but once again, my personal opinion. It's fun to turn on a podcast or listen to some music and just screw around in this game. But with all good games must come some bad things. While Steep is an incredibly fun game that I do recommend, it does require a constant internet connection and cannot be played offline. I feel like this would be an easy fix to just add an offline mode but I guess the devs aren't feeling it. So while it is my only complaint with this game, it is a pretty major one and I do hope it gets fixed somewhere in the near future.8/10 ""When snow falls, nature listens"" -Antoinette Van KleeffAnd all that nature hears is the screams of agony as you tumble down a mountain."
,Recommended,460920,30763212,Posted: 26 March,all,GoldPlease,"I see a lot of people talking about Steep in a really binary way. There are the people who think Steep is trying to be a snowboarding/skiing simulator and argue that it's a realistic game. There are also the people who argue the opposite -- that Steep is trying to be an arcadey game  like the old Tony Hawk games or SSX.To me Steep is neither of those things, Steep is a game that is meant to simulate the *feeling* of skiing and snowboarding. When I'm at the top of some random mountain crest and I pick a line, power through it, and throw in a few nice looking tricks where and when it feels right, I truely get the same feeling I get from actual snowboarding (a mix of adventure and creativity). Likewise when I'm doing some challenge or replaying a race over and over to get that perfect run -- I feel like I'm playing a video game. The beauty of Steep is its ability to toe the line between a fun game and a simulation of something I really enjoy. That is why Steep will be staying downloaded and In my library for a very long time."
,Recommended,460920,28663276,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,liptaz,"This game is super fun, but it got alot of issues... I have played 100 hours ish, and the game crashes, you can not conmnect with friends, sometimes you cant even get in the game because it crashes before start, then you need to restart you computer and try again. Don't get me wrong, like I said In the beginning - I LOVE THIS GAME! The graphic is AWESOME and the tricks are difficult, but simple. (When u get a hang of it...) To little challenges and too small world. BUT with all this said I give the game a 7. Lots of hours on the computer with fun for friends. Will this game die fast? YES! Will I continue playing it anyway? YES!!!"
76561197964833842,Recommended,460920,28261013,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Anderelict,The game is sweet af.G meter makes it fun cause you cant go balls deep without consequence.:>
76561198301483303,Recommended,460920,28641450,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,meat.org,"this is an awesome game, i got confused when i saw people who said they got bored after 2 hours.. ive been playing for 7 hours and its still as fun. good  job ubisoft"
76561198279953659,Recommended,460920,30153239,Posted: 24 February,all,Angry VIKING,"DudeZ' - I have a love-hate feeling towards Ubisoft... On one hand I personally find that they in recent times have provided one of the most diverse ranges of games: from The Crew [driving] - to Far Cry - Watch Dogs - to titles like Steep [wintersport]. And each of these... they've paved partly new parths and not gone the 'given road' like emulating ""Need for Speed"" or ""Call of Duty"" etc etc.In one word: Creativity. Perhaps because of the mix of European and Canadian lead studios. At least I see for good and for bad a distinct French' tone in both game-art and game-concept as well as in the attitude towards the customer.So: Steep? Well, lets say that my background isnt beeing a total ski-freak. But still, I've done recreational alpine skiing since I was 8-9years old, and while I studied at University I took a stint not as ski-guide but as Ski-destination guide. Which pretty much means skiing after-hours 4-7 hours day for 3-4 months :- ] Sweet.AnyWho. Steep is just about as close as I've been able to get to ""the real thing"" while not getting my butt' cold!The feel when you'r carving your turns and try to nail the rythm... aaaah.... its juuuuust about the point where you forget you'r gaming and find yourself back in memory, carving slops in the Alps, Scandinavia or Russia.Now, I have issues. Mainly w. Ubisoft having deplorable customer-service, especially re. The Crew [their english staff - man, talk about trying to disencourage returning customers to the brand]. However, Steep - > This one has really turned my opinion about Ubi':  No sneaky micro-transactions that mar' many other brands these days. NO - instead: ""Hey Dudez: Here's a FREE Expansion just about 1/3 of the TOTAL GAME"". Sure enough, the game prissy-boys cry about that's theres not this or that extra glitter on their free lollypop. But hey - that's humanity for 'ya :- ]ENJOY this one - I sure did and am still doing.If you'r into snowboarding more than traditional skiing, then you might prefer other titles. But to me, that they add snowboard, wingsuit, paragliding (sweeeeet) etc. Well, thats fine. If I dont like it, it doesnt hurt my JOY in my preferred core-part.Trick-parks' - there isnt such in particular. And there's plenty of crying about this in the comments. Well, be a little creative my teenage-teddybear-huggers ;- )  Try fx. the ""Whale Bone Yard"" at Alaska. There's grinding for ya' if thats what your after.... Personally I dont use 5min.s on the ""challenges"" in the game - I just free-ride my sweet way for an hour and am happy as a squirrel whos found a pair of king size hooters' ;- ]Btw:  I do professional sports [extreme-sports] and ironically I've not been able to ski for about 10years. The risk of ruining my knees and thus my income is too high especially since I love off-piste and especially taking 'stupid' risks. Now I can live out that part of my persoality - without the RiSk - YaY :- ]]/Dr. Mabuse, aka Angry Viking.www.worldrun.org"
,Recommended,460920,29112148,Posted: 8 January,all,MadReizka,"If you liked EA Skate series, you will prolly like this game.Lot of reviewers are missing the point. WAB was complaining that you cant pull a parachute out your♥♥♥♥♥like in Just Cause 3 and all that stuff.This game is trying to mimic snowboarding in a arcade/realistic way, similar how Skate did skateboarding.I like these types of sports so im really liking this game so far. Snowboarding and skiing is the best part, but gliding around with the chutes is not bad either.Controls are pretty good even on keyboard, but Im sure the best experience is with controller. But again, im playing with KB and its all good.Game looks amazing.""Story"" is♥♥♥♥♥♥but thats to be expected.Its an Ubisoft game so it has microtransactions for outfits."
,Recommended,460920,28258937,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,lukilinixD,I think this is a cool game! But there are some glitches and bugs ingane and while saving data on the cloud.All in all it's a nice game for everyone who liked games like SSX or Shawn White!Also the cool possibilities to design the character are very nice but I would like a character editor.
,Recommended,460920,28206270,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Riding The Storm,"Been looking for something like this for quite some time now. And at last someone created something thats instead of doing it good, making it great. The open world, the challenges and the diffrent sports, its hard to stop play! Only thing i think is negativ, i really would see a splitscreen option, since my better half and i want to play together on the tv for example, now we have to do it one at the time and that sucks a bit tbh! otherwise best game so far in this genre!"
,Recommended,460920,34275489,Posted: 16 August,all,ThijsMeneer,Amazing :)
,Recommended,460920,28539660,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,buddhaven,<3
,Recommended,460920,30355779,Posted: 6 March,all,webchamp,"I would recommend this game, but i would only buy it when it had a discount. The game itself is pretty fun and the game world is HUGE. But you have to like this kind of game to play it longer than 1 or 2 hours."
,Recommended,460920,28661560,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ㄣ Cpt.Frøsty,"Its a great game love it so far. Get it while its on sale not full price, honestly this reminds me of skate 3 but winter!"
76561198294725211,Recommended,460920,33674576,Posted: 20 July,all,ALDZYA,Cooool game
76561198294260882,Recommended,460920,33470922,Posted: 11 July,all,Growler,Good game!
76561198067555609,Recommended,460920,30509254,Posted: 14 March,all,Ironbounder,"Steep is the Best winter sports related game of its kind.You can choose from : Snowboard, Ski, Wingsuit, ParaglideBasically its game where you ride, fly down the mountain, and challange other players, or BOTs, there are many races from difficulties such as : Easy, Medium, Hard. There are 4 categories : Freeride, Freestyle, Explorer, and Bone catcher.Each of these categories have its kind of races.As almost every game it have its own easter eggs such as : Rabbids, Far Cry Primal, ''I Love You'' sign on ice etc..It is really adrenaline to play this game, you can do many tricks on snowboard, ski, and even on parachute.For completing races you can recieve new skis, clothing, helmets, glasses, snowboards, wingsuits and parachutes.I would recommend you playing this amazing game, i never played this kind of game so iam amazed about it, i think you will be amazed too if you will get the chance to play it ! :P."
,Recommended,460920,30912282,Posted: 2 April,all,Pvtjace™,"No other game is even close to the feeling this game gives to snow sports. The sounds are on par, very realistic. The graphics are 10/10 and creates a very immersive world around you.Would like a better system for getting back to certain areas. Maybe even a lift system where you could chat with people going up.Add snowmobiles and this would be an all round success.Plays well on Steams Big Picture mode on the TV with a Steam Link and Steam Controller."
76561197983487088,Recommended,460920,28347684,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,DeadElvis,"Pros:-Great game without SSX's over the top trickery, and a huuuuge world with real mountains! Fiiiinally!! :D- Publishers office is located in annecy france, wich is the most beatiful city i've ever been too recording a punk rock album- You need skillsCons:- Cant select nighttime anytime (i hate that yellow Deus EX'ish colored sunset)- Annoying music (""Say My Name"" is gonna give me cancer if i hear it one more time)"
76561198041416969,Recommended,460920,28564298,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Derpface,Great Fun To Play Open World Extreme Sport Game
76561197969399711,Recommended,460920,28686689,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Schofield,"Amazing game. However, terrible mechanics and non fluid controls makes this a frustrating experience. Could be amazing. Fell short on the ability to make the character do what you want to off of jumps. Sad"
,Recommended,460920,28692038,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,The Kidd,"Steep is a good game, but it needs some work before it can be a great one. The controls are far lass tight than they should be, and nothing really seems overly intuitive. The game's objectives are generally unclear, making it difficult to really progress in this game. That being said, I've had a lot of fun exploring the game's expansive map, and making use of it's many different means of travel. Definitely pick this one up when it's on sale."
,Recommended,460920,28756889,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Falcon^,10/10
,Recommended,460920,28844408,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Freeden,"A really great game for relaxing. Played the beta and fell in love with the ssx like game, it lives up to ssx 3 like hype i had when i were younger"
76561198255337283,Recommended,460920,28848550,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CoffeeCat_,JUST GET IT
,Recommended,460920,28877791,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Evad,"May only have a few hours, but this game doesn't seem to get old. You find new lines, new drop ins EVERYWHERE. You never take the same path going down. The visuals are amazing, the physics are pretty good aswell. It's online so you always see other people and the group of system and spectating is a nice feature. Only problem I have is when changing my riders outfits it goes into a white out, bogging and laggy my game down to 5fps, have to close and reopen if I want to continue customizing my character. Other than that, I don't see any bugs.Cheers!"
,Recommended,460920,28219675,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,PerfectLife,"It's an UbiSoft game they some how managed to not ruin and it's fun. Needs some polish, needs a vastly improved community system, needs more bikinis.Oh, and... this game takes a while to get used to. I can basically enter any medium challenge and get gold first try now, regardless of what it is while when starting out it was a real challenge. You get used to the game. You get used to the trick system. You get used to g-force meter. It just takes a bit of time. As a VERY impatient person, who managed to figure it out and git gud, what's your excuese? Also, add in another 15-20 hours from beta to my play time."
,Recommended,460920,29508141,Posted: 26 January,all,Some Pigs Can Fly,"The best snowboard game that you can play with friends, I love this game and would recomend this game!! ;:)"
76561198320200887,Recommended,460920,29567902,Posted: 29 January,all,Slashblade23,it crashes the title screen while loading so i made another account and tried my first account to let my second steam account play the game but iy needs third party service
,Recommended,460920,28783989,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Zerix16,"Best snowboarding game to date. Throw in a wingsuit, paragliding, and open free world to explore with your friends, its a no brainer."
,Recommended,460920,28275159,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,☠ Dignity ☠ [⇄],I request a Harambe costume immediately.
,Recommended,460920,28238337,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheSillyNetwork,"This game really demonstrates a good balance between sports sim and sandbox. You can go anywhere and do anything. The challenges are fun and can get difficult and the relaxing rides with your friends creating your own lines is an awesome experience. Really neat game, a good pruchase in my opinion."
76561198040512622,Recommended,460920,32925397,Posted: 28 June,all,+^_^+ American Astro Boy =^_^=,One of the best games that i played
,Recommended,460920,29386084,Posted: 20 January,all,Ajax,This game is worth it. Lots of fun!
76561198080379751,Recommended,460920,28209714,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Zarathustra,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING!I don't write many reviews, but this game made me want to take time out to write one.i was worried about some reviews moaning about the controls.you need to use a GAMEPAD! and you have to get the TIMINGS right, and DONT TRY TO ROTATE OR FLIP BEFORE YOU RELEASE JUMP!!then it works BRILLIANTLY. i can do trtick after trick after trick if i concentrate and do the timings right.its quite realistic, and i ski and have tried boarding.wingsuit is great and so is paraglider.paraglider is much better than reviews say, but you have to learn to use it properly.this is THE BEST GAME I'VE PLAYED IN QUITE A WHILE!.i dont normally get so excited about games, im a 34 grumpy heavy drinking dude with two kids and a missus that take up most of my time, but i HIGHLY RECOMEND this game!ive only played a few hours, but i can see me playing this for years to come. its really cool just chilling down the mountain. through the tress. its amazingTHANK YOU UBISOFT!! YOU MADE THE GAME I DIDNT KNOW I NEEDED, AND I LOVE IT. DONT CHANGE A THING, MAYBE MORE OR A TUTORIAL FOR THE LEARNERS.9.5/10    6.5/5"
,Recommended,460920,28155589,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mellow d(-.-)b | ChallengeMe.GG,"Very fun with friends, just riding or trying to hit them on the ground with your wingsuit.Gotta say i have missed a good snowboard game ^^"
,Recommended,460920,30422036,Posted: 10 March,all,Epssco,Great now that they have patched it cant wait to see what else they bring to this game
,Recommended,460920,28614579,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SMC,Best game. 10/10.
,Recommended,460920,28462612,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,A Nice Dude,i can finally kill myself in a horrific wingsuit accident!
76561198046694985,Recommended,460920,28698879,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,dprill95,"This game is amazing. Ive honestly been waiting for a game to come out that was somewhat realistic and that happens to be this. This brings me back to a game i grew up on called 1080 for the 64 with the high speed racing and freestyle. IT's addicting to say the least. Also, the games graphics are beautiful"
,Recommended,460920,29773101,Posted: 7 February,all,krizma,fun.
76561198021739629,Recommended,460920,29986844,Posted: 17 February,all,BeatLjooz,"I really like the idea and the game, but I am missing real ""grind"" mechanics, which I believe is a big part of 2 extreme sports incl. in the game -> Skiing and Snowboarding require the ability to grind obstacles!Please give us real Grinds!!!!"
,Recommended,460920,28191293,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Pressman20,"Steep is a phenomenal game. The gameplay and the mechanics are amazing and very fun and satisfying. Also the game looks amazing on pc. I max it out on my GTX 1070 and get over 100 fps. Ubisoft really stepped themselves up for this game. Many PC ubisoft games in the past have been♥♥♥♥♥♥but not this one. I give it a solid 8/10, nice job Ubisoft."
76561198330717104,Recommended,460920,28212412,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,JonACat (YT Gamer),I would Highly Recommend this game as it is a Great way to spend time relaxing and just enjoying the fun it has to offer.
,Not Recommended,460920,28730878,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ValidGoblin,"I like the game. I think it is abit lacking in overall content and the controll scheme could be better, but i like it.Though i do not suggest buying it untill they do some serious optimisation.in beta it was constantly crashing and in play its constantly freezing for me.Refund requested."
,Recommended,460920,28989537,Posted: 3 January,all,Inlexed Gamdom.com,"I had bought this game in the winter sale, for what it's worth, it's actually not as bad as everyone says, the game features a great atmosphere and the graphics are just stunning, multiplayer is definitely a great aspect of the game and even on 300 ping, i can still play fine. I was worried the game wasn't worth £26 but so far it's been great.I have a few small thoughts though, considering that there isn't much to do gives it the negative impact that eventually you will get bored even with friends, luckily though if they add more DLC to the season pass i will buy it and i have faith this game will be updated with new content because of the price people have to pay.Overall, The game is fun. There are magnificent graphics, gameplay isn't too bad, voice acting needs some work and the idea of exploration is just incedible i really hope they do update this game with dlc, but as of now i have a few tips before your purchase...Do not play this game straight or it will get boringBuy it maybe from somewhere else cheaper (unless there is a sale)This is a multiplayer game, make sure you have semi ok internetOther than that, buy this game!"
,Recommended,460920,35346603,Posted: 30 September,all,Bluzie,I lik game
76561198204405053,Not Recommended,460920,28796098,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Quartz Pillar,"Wow, this game looks really appealing.I love snow sports, love snowbaording, so I thought why not buy this game?Narrator, always a good start.I spend five minutes trying to figure out how to do tricks and finally learn how.Ride some slopes and travel for around three hours.Some things are realy annoying to get to.Game is a bit glitchy, could use some work.This is a fun game to play on your freetime, I don't see why anyone would leave a bad review.Everything about it looks decent, I don't see why I would leave a bad review.Oh wait, I spent $60.00 on this game!?I thought that said $16.00.Don't buy this game, not worth it.I really do love it and I was hyped.Just don't do it.I thought it was a good idea.I got bored in four hours."
76561198007641442,Not Recommended,460920,30154810,Posted: 24 February,all,superpersonarchermanwoman,So I've been playing this game a little while I'm out skiing in the alps this season. I can say it's a very pretty game and some challenges can be pretty challenging. The physics are just meh nothing amazing. I like the game and enjoy certain aspects but Christ all mighty whatever guy chose the music playlist for this game must have some serious depression. Seriously haven't heard a single energetic song so far. I'm skiing gnarly lines and hitting big air I want some energy In the music instead the game plays some slow sad country song or what I think was coldplays most depressing song ever. Also the music track resets every time you do so you can listen to the same song 20times in a row. At its current price it's not worth the money. The fact this game is always multiplayer is just daft aswell. Unless you play with a group of friends it's a pretty pointless endevour. You will be playing solo 95% of the time and seeing other people on the mountain is a brief encounter as you speed past each other. I'm sorta stuck 50/50 if I reccomend this game or not. I'm gunna say no with all the irritations and the price tag. That coupled with the game Snow being the rival game and is free and less irritating I'm probably gunna go with no. Maybe if this game was cheaper and made offline play available.
,Recommended,460920,28381197,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SYNERGY,"I'll be realistic, this game is not worth the full price, so buy it only if you want it really bad. Don't get me wrong, the game itself is really nice, relaxing, multiplayer winter sports vibes and such, but tho I really enjoy playing the game, as far as mechanics go, it feels a bit clunky in a slight way regarding controls and movements within the game. The game is not 100% optimized, it works great, but no 100%, oh and it does not support SLI, maybe in the future... Oh and this game is usually enjoyable only if your playing online with some friends, otherwise... being alone sucks...Pros:- map is HUGE and REAL- you can instantly change from using skies, snowboards, wingsuits and a ""parachute""-thing [another thing which I forgot :)  ]- fast travel- you can share replays and routes with your mates [really awesome]- relaxing, good winter vibes- you can do a dozen tricks, but this is no SSX- you can customize your character, buy new snowboards, full body costumes etc- graphics are ok, but could be way better [sorry Ubisoft]- generally you can have a lot of funCons:- the price- the game's overall mechanics feel a little bit weird [maybe it's just me]- does not support SLI- it can become boring, but hey... you don't shoot stuff here, you only chill and go with the snow...OVERALL = 8/10"
,Recommended,460920,28234181,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,OPTTWoodrow,"After playing the alpha and beta and each version of the game improving on the last I am not dissapointed by the full release. Steep is a euphoric game, and can be enjoyed however you want. The feel of going downhill is awesome and the feel going downhill very fast is even more awesome! Paragliding around mountains and using updrafts to reach unexplored locations is sublime and is a welcome change of pace (plus you can then wingsuit back down the mountain and do it all over again!).The trick list is a bit limited however the variety of sports avaliable makes up for it and the scenerey you ride over is always changing so you never have the same ride twice. As others have said, it feels a lot like Skate 3 so if you enjoyed that game then you know a lot of what to expect.Only issues I have with it are occasional physics engine glitches and non-game play issues such as wanting a continuous soundtrack rather than having it restart every time you restrart a challenge. But these are very minor complaints compared to the fun I have had so far!"
,Recommended,460920,30760144,Posted: 26 March,all,RainbowFireBeast,Extrime YO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,460920,28899035,Posted: 1 January,all,Rick Astley Sanchez,"The game is beautiful and the mechanics are very polished, no question there. But it lacks substance. In the first 10 minutes, you are given all the different ways to get around. From there you do missions, challenges or just go around discovering new areas. The whole time you're just skiing, snowboarding, gliding or parachuting. It's boring and repetitive. Far Cry with snow and skies and absolutely nothing else."
,Not Recommended,460920,29192262,Posted: 11 January,all,Belladonna,The game is fairly fun other than1. the game is broken as hell and buggy as hell.2. most of the levels are very unrealistic and defy the laws of physics and gravity...3. theres already people hacking in the game and there are replays of this which you would think ubisoft would watch them and block the hackers.UBISOFT GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER
,Recommended,460920,28699795,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bray,"Yeah! This is our place, our time and our world for the taking!!!"
,Not Recommended,460920,29015981,Posted: 4 January,all,JollyClaret,"I refunded this game. Let us begin why.Firstly Steep could be used to describe the pricing of this game. It's worth noting I bought the game for £26.79 during the Steam Sale, yet I still think valuewise this is a £25 base price game.You may say ""How can you review the game with just 2 hours played?"" Well I assume this is the reason Steam made the refund time 2 hours to give the ability for the consumer to sample it enough to see whether it is enjoyable. After two hours Steep made the refund list.Don't get me wrong, Steep is enjoyable but it isn't a game you will play for a long time and you probably won't be playing it in a years time. Why? The game is repetitive. Yes this game goes for a more realistic approach similar to Skate does for skateboarding but the difference is I can still try interesting tricks in Skate that might be impossible in real life, Steep doesn't offer that luxury. The wingsuit is fun at first but ultimately tedious. The paragliding is just the worst it's boring and sure it is nice to look at the great graphics, it eventually loses the dazzling nature.What this game is really missing is fluidity. I can switch from my wingsuit to paragliding of course, but then I must land, be on foot and then switch to my snowboard. Where is the ability to attach your snowboard midair and as soon as you land go straight into snowboarding?Microtranscations, it's Ubisoft. Should be nuff said but for the unintiated Ubisoft are massive cockwombles when it comes to microtranscations. Noted it's not so bad here but basically everything ingame can be bought for real world money. Why do you need to further monetise a game which costs full AAA price and and has a season pass? This is a greedy business practice.Character customisation, very poor. Sure the ability to tweak accessories is very cool, but can I actually customise the physical aspects of my character? No I have to choose from presets. I have no clue why this is the case.I'll probably get flack from the hardcore fans of this game but Steep isn't worth £39.99, a lot of the postive reviews have even said so. If you absolutely must have this game, pick it up next time it is on sale for £26.79. It's not a bad game by any stretch, it's very beautiful, and I am sure extreme sports fans will enjoy it, but it leaves much to be desired. It's not as good as it could have been."
,Recommended,460920,28154238,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MoldyDakota,Ubisoft made a good game... let that sink in.
,Recommended,460920,30347646,Posted: 5 March,all,lukysdotnet,"I was playing all betas, and even with some things I don't liked on this game (strange controls, but I think, they are better now), after beta ended, I have found, that I really missing this game.I just wanted to start game and rush down the hill - I simply love it! :)Big fail of this game is the price (59,99€ at this time I am writing this). This is not an AAA game, it should not be treated like it! It is nice game, but definitely an AAA article! But but even this it is a fun and addictive game.So get it on sales, I got it for 40€ - I was simply not able to resist, even I told that I will spend on it max. 30€ ... :)"
,Recommended,460920,28218063,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Guinea-Saurus Rex,"Since my last review the magnet boards have been fixxed and alaska has been released, the game has also received alot of polish. The game feels almost flawless still an always online game though.For this review im purely reviewing the new content as much of the old good hasnt changed.Alaska its self is massive and really mean its massive, there alot of detail and alot of oppurtunity to find your own killer line's.You can finally turn the game to night time too and i mean real night time not just moving the sun in a circle.Grinding is now a thing, Even if it doesnt score you points.Alaska and its post updates have really made the game a solid experience for all the sport's.(I still dislike paragliding but i guess thats not everyones cup of tea)I feel like the game has progessed enough to earn a 9/10 and im happy to recommend it for its current price tag now.OLD Review===TL;DR - STEEP        Score - 7/10---Good's---Massive and well designed game world.Beautiful effect's for weather and snow on groundSimple control'sEasy to navigate menu'sPlenty of challenges with the ability to make your own and play other player's tooEverything is purely cosmeticGreat soundtrackCurrently the community behind this game is really friendly (Always a + IMO)Ability to customise your characters clothing and equipment (Free unless you decide to waste money buying the same currency you can earn super easy in game, Hounestly unless you litterally want to buy every peice of everything in the game you wont need to buy currency)Free DLC (Alaska)  - I know it's not out yet but a whole new map and your not charging a penny? thats always good.---Bad's---Magnets on our board's/ski's (Seriously if you dont time your jump right your gonna be glued to the floor)Some challenges seem rushedParagliding is boring outside of exploringSome fast travel's leave you under the ground (This is annoying but also hilarious as when you go to move it launches you into the sky)Online Required (Sadly if your on a trip and you thought maybe your ""Gaming"" Laptop could play this while your on the road/rails/ in the air your going to be disapointed)---Conclusion---As much as i love and have been enjoying this game since the Alpha and would love to tell you its worth £40/$60 i cant.40$ would have been a fair price for release. Yes there's lots to do in the game but if you cant find people to eventually play this with when you have completed all the challenges then your probably gonna run dry on things to do. But that being said this is probably one of the only AAA titles iv seen this year that hasnt been released broken.In its current state without any of the season pass content and alaska i give the game a forgiving 7/10"
,Recommended,460920,35041496,Posted: 18 September,all,Wet,Buy game and make pepe happy
,Recommended,460920,28641173,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ApexXtinction [Twitch],One of the the best sports games (if not the best) that I have played since 2008. Amazing game with beautiful graphics and amazing gameplay. Controller definetly recommended because its a little jerky on keyboard. Probably one of the best games Ubisoft has ever created. Cant wait for more games like this. 10/10 would buy again every time.
76561198078226446,Recommended,460920,30754776,Posted: 26 March,all,Frostbyte,"Runs great, great gameplay"
76561198086737015,Recommended,460920,30422973,Posted: 10 March,all,OnBlue,Fun gameNice Ubisoft
,Not Recommended,460920,28659533,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Stripesthecat,"Warning, there is a possibility you will not be able to launch the game ie crashing on startup, it has nothing to do with outdated drivers or slow hardware. I can find no information on a surefire solution and have reinstalled multiple times with every kind of usual fix methods. I am certain it has to do with Uplay not recognizing the game's activation code, and closing the game right away. Will edit review once a fix has been found. The problem is only connected to Steam, Owning the game through Uplay works fine to my knowledge.Also don't downvote because the game works fine for you, and you think the problem doesn't exist, because it very much exists and is a very serious problem."
,Recommended,460920,28613417,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Liidero,"As a skier myself, I find it relaxing to flow on the snowy mountais while listening to some good music.5/5, will play again -Liidero"
76561198257370336,Not Recommended,460920,30688037,Posted: 23 March,all,oriwoli,its a great game but 50% of the time the server doesnt workin the last days the game wont turn on at all :(
76561197989949090,Recommended,460920,30709427,Posted: 24 March,all,[PAK]ADHD,"I'm a huge snowboard fan, and at first glance, Steep has all it takes for an excellent game.Casually exploring endless gorgeous slopes while pulling off sick stunts is sublime joy of this game.Which gets interrupted as soon as the game tries to force you into narrow-scoped parts of gameplay. Which alone are not that bad if not for:-Speed and three star courses challenge controls which are not set for precision - which leads to endless attemts to beat these courses. In fact, you cannot enjoy this game fully without a decent gamepad.-Lack of well-designed progression. Yes, you have level and earn currency for outfits. But it doesn't change what you do and how you do it. It's too sandboxy and doesn't engage for lenghts. The career should be more peculiar and directional, with championships to qualify, sponsorships to chase and things to spend dough on.-Fast-travel becomes too common. New slopes get unlocked instead of being discovered - you loose track of surroundings.-In-game store lacks of major brands.-No social activities. Yeah, you can bump into couple of people here and there but there's nothing to do together to stay in touch. Ideally, you would chat with people about cool slopes while in the chairlift - to then get there and explore.-Annoying region lock. Why should Ubisoft deprive customers of choice of language? Not to say that it came with the chinese pack when installed.-Offputting price. Regardless of your region, the game costs premium. On top of that, there's microtransactions.Oh, and remember how much you paid yesterday? IT'S ON 50% SALE A DAY LATER.-Other sports are kinda... meh.Note it's just a perfectionist criticism.I rate the game 7.7/10, and will come back over and over. Just maybe not that often."
,Recommended,460920,28516518,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jkid44,STEEP is like backwoods compared to SNOW which would be swishers
,Recommended,460920,29338551,Posted: 18 January,all,GD-Axon,Aside from the Guy Fieri-esque announcer it feels like if ArmA was a sports game.
76561198205740080,Recommended,460920,29212248,Posted: 12 January,all,crak horder,fooken lit
,Recommended,460920,28778866,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,waterwang,Why no offline mode!!! F**king server!!!
,Recommended,460920,28278800,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Frisky,Wait for price to drop or a sale.
,Recommended,460920,29218592,Posted: 12 January,all,r a k t o n,its pretty good
,Recommended,460920,30820470,Posted: 29 March,all,Avrasya CEO,Game That Was AMAZİNG GOOD OPTİMİZATİONS GOOD JOYS
,Recommended,460920,30124225,Posted: 23 February,all,2100Volts,YEEE HAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
76561198013339890,Recommended,460920,29258468,Posted: 14 January,all,Sync,Absolutely amazing game if you are a fan of games like Skate. I would 100% recommend this game.
,Recommended,460920,28187675,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ceramic_Plate,"10/10 :) Extreme sports and beautiful location, nuff said!"
,Recommended,460920,29170966,Posted: 10 January,all,Marc,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,460920,28657056,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Big Doggo,This game is fun and great if you need to relax10/10 would fall to my death again!
,Recommended,460920,29043231,Posted: 5 January,all,Joseph Stallen,"WOW! This game is great! Here's why;- Graphics- Makes you feel like a BOSS!- Fully coustomizable character.-  Brutal KOs- Huge map- Easy tricks- GreatHowever, there are cons;- No full controller support :steamsad:"
,Recommended,460920,29030173,Posted: 5 January,all,Smugz,"If you are going to play solo I would reccomend waiting for a sale however, if you have friends to roam with get it now... like right now what are you waiting for!"
,Recommended,460920,28174129,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Londrex,Its cool
,Recommended,460920,29339909,Posted: 18 January,all,Arcuila,Is a relax game !!!!
76561198354216821,Recommended,460920,29413647,Posted: 21 January,all,gavinolivares261,This game is very cool but for me it isn't. The textures are all green the man is green the snow is green almost everything is green in the game. please help me.
,Recommended,460920,29424102,Posted: 22 January,all,HΛX,"A really fun free roam x-sport game,The game huge and the devs updates the game often.Currently it have render issues, but i talked to the desv and they said they were going to fix that in theire next update.You can team up with randoms or friends and ride together in this wounderfull winterland.I would higly recomend, but do some research if you would like it, since the price is rather high."
,Recommended,460920,28943516,Posted: 2 January,all,Spooderman,Bone breaking simulator.Would not recommend for bad temper players. Just tryna save your money and controllers.Git Gud
,Not Recommended,460920,28310235,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Interknet,"Ubisoft are getting better. Surprising.Watch Dogs 2 was fun. The Division is better, and now this game.Though I'll admit, the game is good, but it's really not $60 good.Considering I've only put 5 hours into it and haven't touched it in a while, I'd say it's worth around $25. If I didn't play the beta, I'd have more hours for sure. It just doesn't have the long-term appeal."
76561198169795461,Recommended,460920,29835556,Posted: 10 February,all,Tyrone Hays,I just had the steepest erection
,Recommended,460920,28187715,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,PIE,It's good fun
,Recommended,460920,28646001,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,PatrocleFrumuselul56,Pretty cool . Fun gameplay and nice graphics .
76561198140297435,Recommended,460920,28265713,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,[Kaze]PapaSmurf,great game 10/10 IGN
76561198059001927,Recommended,460920,29709079,Posted: 4 February,all,waterformysoul,"Fun, relaxing, open world, exploration game"
76561198043671592,Recommended,460920,29973008,Posted: 16 February,all,tifferoni,"Steep is one of those games where you probably will need to have experienced similar games prior to playing it to enjoy it [Think Amped or SSX] however, unlike those more traditional sorts of snowsports games, Steep takes it one step further and makes it open world. You can do whatever you want, you aren't bound to any obligations, but you do have to do challenges to level up. It's challenging, seeing other players randomly is also very nice too, it makes it feel a bit like Journey in the sense that you don't see 100 people around you at once, but you'll get a few in there to give you more of an 'I'm not alone on this mountain journey' vibe.Really the only negative thing I can think of is once you run out of money to earn through the story and challenges there is no way to make money anymore so there will not be any 'unlock every piece of gear' runs, which is unfortunate. Hopefully that has been fixed or updated by the time you read this review."
,Recommended,460920,29424009,Posted: 22 January,all,JapanGamer29,"I'm really enjoying Steep. The controls are easy to pick up, and it's fun playing through the numerous challenges trying to better your time or score. If you visit mountain tops or some of the easier challenges, you can find other people to join and either race against or explore with. Personally, as a real-life mountain person, I love just freeriding off the beaten path until I reach the edge of the map. It's an experience you don't often find in a video game.Snowboarding and skiing are great, and wingsuiting is exciting, but a bit more difficult. Paragliding is slow and boring, though sometimes the best way to travel from peak to peak. I haven't bought the DLC yet, but would like to have the sled option, too.As for performance, I've had no problems worth mentioning. The game looks great and runs smoothly on my machine (i7-4770K, GTX770, Windows 10).If you're a sports fan or outdoor lover, then Steep is a must have. Others might enjoy the novelty for a few hours, but that's probably it."
76561197990897377,Recommended,460920,28648659,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mozart forain,this game is like no other gamethe sensations are crazy good  the landscape is beautifulif you are like you will not care much of the missions and do what the ♥♥♥♥ you want !start from the highest point you can and go for it !just go crazy !  this game is pure bliss if i could rate over 12/10 i would !and the choice of the alps was freaking genius ! so go on and come with us !you might ask is it worh it's price ? haha 10x yes !
,Recommended,460920,29338755,Posted: 18 January,all,Lord Kamakazi,"This is my Game of the Year for 2016. Polished, beautiful and incredibly fun. Its a ride."
,Recommended,460920,29322295,Posted: 17 January,all,uxagency,"I love this game.  Yes, like everyone else, I think Ubisoft are mean spirited thieves generally, but this game is really great.  It's perfect for actual grown ups, ie not highly competitive kids who scream at each other on war games.  It can be genuinely relaxing and fun to play, almost meditative, or you can go for huge jumps and do some races and all that too.It definitely makes you want to actually go skiing!The weakest part is some sort of canopy/parachute thing that seems pointless and boring, but the rest of it, the squirrel suit, the boarding and the skiing are just great.  and the helmet camera mode is very very exciting!  The best thing is you can just mess around and not feel like you have to be leveling up all the time, collecting crappy plants to make a stoopid potion or whatever.  It's chillsville funtime."
,Recommended,460920,30014968,Posted: 18 February,all,Paper Mystery Beast,"Well I do not have a substantial amount of hours in this game, comparing it to other snowboard/skiing games, this one has much to offer. As you may have seen in the store page, you can paraglide, and use wing suits, The paragliding can be alil sketchy, but wing suits seem to run really smooth, both work pretty well into the game. I would say this is a really cool game with a great idea, you may not see as many people in game as you might expect, which is probably one of the only downsides to this game."
76561198309663635,Recommended,460920,28644036,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheInsanePaco,THIS GAME IS AMAZING. Reccomended for the gamer who seeks to be thrilled highly in just a video game. BUY BUY BUY BUY BUY
,Recommended,460920,28184830,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,ZySj,"The game is good, great graphics, ok mechanics but I think this is one of the games you just play through the story and never touch it again.I recommend it but not for the price it is currently set to, wait for a sale.7.5/10"
,Recommended,460920,28646720,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,meemimestari csgopoker.com,"Super fun game if you're into skiing/snowboarding or are a lover of SSX series. In the game basically you can ski/snowboard/paraglide/wingsuit on a huge map set in a replica of the Alps. Price is a lttle bitsteepbut it's definately worth it if it's on sale.  Also they are planning on releasing Alaska for free!As for performance, it runs smoothly on ultra with GTX970. There are some  little bugs but nothing gamebreaking. They have also fixed some bugs."
,Recommended,460920,28515206,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ayyyylien,"Steep is good if you learn how to play it.Has a nice aura of god questioning and overall good atmosphere. Cant find anything wrong besides always online and multiplayer focus. If they made a fleshful singleplayer experience then the whole game would be more successful in every aspect.love and peec, forever play steep."
,Recommended,460920,29322906,Posted: 17 January,all,TompaN,"A really fun and beautiful game, probably a lot more fun playing with a few friends."
76561198203796415,Recommended,460920,28713983,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lektorthue,SO MUCH FUN
,Recommended,460920,28194889,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,alibyte,you can dab in this game10/10
,Recommended,460920,28317658,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,NoOneCares,"I'm really loving this game so far.Pros:1. Lines, lines and lines.  I've played several hours and everytime I heli up the mountain I find a new way to get somewhere.2. It isn't easy.  I'm so tired of games that handhold you through every challenge.  This game has some teeth and I have a lot of silver medals that aren't yet gold.3. The atmosphere is amazing.  Really feels like you're way out in the wilderness.  PROTIP:  Paraglide around and just see ths sites.  I found so many spots just by floating around from the top of Matterhorn.4. The trick system isn't just another SSX with cartoony tricks and characters.Cons:1. No grinding (big dissapointment for a lot of people UBI!)2. Needs more customization for players/clothes and maybe a cool terrain editor.So I've been having some real fun with this.  I reccomend it to anyone who has paitence, loves open world games or just likes challege."
,Recommended,460920,28320022,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Player1,good game fun to play
,Recommended,460920,28175756,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Generic Polar Bear,"It's really good, although after 50 hours it gets a bit boring as you can easily complete all challenges on the map.The price is waaay too high, if it was $30 it would make more sense."
,Recommended,460920,28301114,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,LuxScientific,"The best thing Ubisoft has put out in a long time and it's painfully half backed. If you explained your idea of an extream winter-spots game to a roomfull of moron Ubisoft devs and they came back with this you'd be pleased, not thrilled but pleased. Steep 2 could be amazing."
,Recommended,460920,34070537,Posted: 6 August,all,Curiosity,"Action packed and great fun with friends, Really challenging game!"
76561198339484252,Recommended,460920,34099270,Posted: 8 August,all,Edebem,"I really recommend this if u like games like skate 3, and the graphic is good so thumbs up for me!"
76561198023275500,Recommended,460920,30994151,Posted: 7 April,all,FluffyButt,this game was/is really fun to play but its way too short and it needs new mountains i allready reached max lvl while ago... but i do recommend this game if you purchase it when its on sale i really don't think that this game is worth 60€
76561198261050079,Recommended,460920,28199980,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,udoPolar,the ♥♥♥♥ is this 2008? fun game with cheap dlc good community that has great optimization? DAFUQ?
,Recommended,460920,28199203,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,extreme_rage13,This game is awesome but sadly was only able to play once . It now crashes everytime I try to open it. Hopefully you guys can help me soon.
,Recommended,460920,31133835,Posted: 14 April,all,Zoga,Great game :)
,Recommended,460920,29368844,Posted: 19 January,all,SpartanForLife,Great Game. Made for cats in toturial if you fly off you see a lot of cat. good game. Install for free cats!2000/10 stars! good game.
,Recommended,460920,33485847,Posted: 12 July,all,HaCkAnToSh RAM,Best graphicsBest soundtracks♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesom
,Recommended,460920,28145270,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,« F o X .,"STEEP is a fantastic game, the graphics are immersive and animations are very smooth and responsible, the game just flows. Multiplayer is seamless and new players pop into your world all the time based on proximity. Challenges are fun and hard and the different types of sports really make it engaging with more to come in dlcs."
,Recommended,460920,28147827,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Doc,"Beautiful game, beautiful physics, relaxing af, great multiplayer, lots of missions, friggin amazing graphics and runs so smooth.  10/10"
76561198089625234,Recommended,460920,28148284,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Alex_Zen,"Great game!Have been waiting for a good snowboard/ski game for a long time since the SSX days, and this is it.A gigantic set of mountains that you can free roam, to discover new places and just enjooy the stunning graphics.Want to chain some tricks? Go for trick challenges.And if you want a thrill ride, the wingsuit's your tool.Brilliant, just brilliant"
,Recommended,460920,28149596,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Zoey,This is a ubisoft game?Noooo.......Caaan't beee....Realllyy???Ooooh....
76561198077864247,Recommended,460920,28157100,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ninjacow27,the controls are absolute murder for me... game still quite impressive and attractive
,Recommended,460920,28149353,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Jowssh,"Stunning graphics and very optimised. Huge open world and loads of customisation options, game mechanics work very smoothly and the game is extremely fun overall. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,460920,28160005,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Skay,dope
,Recommended,460920,28231544,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,☐Name☐,"Steep™  is an open-world extreme sports game that can cover your EA Skate 3 itch that you have been holding for years! You can do up 4 different sports in this game that fits your style of gameplay. There is Snowboarding, Skiing, Wingsuits, and even paragliding. It holds many challenges to do for each sport and you can even make your own for your friends to beat.If you are not big on the challenge thing, there is much exploration you can do. The map is very big and cut into sections of a couple different mountains. You can just ride or fly your way down with a breathtaking view of the whole mountain. There are areas called ""Points of Interest"" throughout each mountain that you can find while exploring the vast areas of the map.The physics in this game, in my opinion, might need some touch up on but it's not too bad honestly. there are sometimes where you'll just randomly get pulled to the ground when going over a hump of snow. Other times it's just completely fine. There is a G-Force feature put into the game so if you hit the ground too hard or hit too many things at a time you will crash which helps with the realism of the game and can prevent big trick spams.Lastly, there is character customization, it's not a lot but it's enough to show your personality of what you would want. There are premade characters of professional athletes you may or may not know, but you can buy different boards, skis, wingsuits, parachutes, clothes, etc. for your characters of choice.I might have only 20hrs of gameplay when I made this review, but I can see myself playing it for much more in the future since not many good extreme sports game are made often.Overall I give Steep™ a solid 9.5/10All it needs is a couple bug fixes and maybe some more songs for the gameplay if you're into music like I am."
76561198121466608,Recommended,460920,32729967,Posted: 24 June,all,FunZ,I got Steep to test it out before it came to the switch and I can say that I really enjoy it. It looks like a lot of fun to play with friends. I can happily say that I refunded it and will be getting it on the switch when it comes out :).
76561198050304013,Recommended,460920,28464965,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Chadorama,Its really good
76561198093290498,Recommended,460920,28466958,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,koloma,If you Liked ssx then this is the game for u its soooo good
,Not Recommended,460920,28706954,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,unstoppable,It starts off really fun then after and hour it gets really boring because there it no goal and/or objective and you just do the same thing over and over.
76561198336604557,Recommended,460920,28719337,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LustigCoder13,"Before you buy the game look at the system requirements and at how much RAM you need, please do not be an idiot like me! I only have 4GB of RAM and i need 6GB!! (Facepalm). I would only recommend this game to those who are willing to pay loads of money to play the games they love."
76561198012049956,Recommended,460920,28759882,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Hængeklumpen,Do you like Tony hawk pro skater 1-3?Do you like hotline miami instant restart mechanic?Do you like NO load times?If so you will love this game
,Recommended,460920,28848846,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,♛ Magneh,"""Awesome ski game!"""
,Recommended,460920,28878296,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,2Tsmoke,Only those people who dont ski/snowboard would have something to complain about.  This is the best winter sports game out.
,Not Recommended,460920,29149401,Posted: 9 January,all,dmanzo,the game looks really nice... it's quite fun and really relaxingwhen it works...unfortunately due to:- uplay- frequent crashes- thank-god-not-so-frequent-crashes that lock up your pc- server issues that kick you out of the game- server issues that leave you with a beautiful 60€ (or whatever I paid this) screen saver for hoursI can't recommend this game :(
76561198013074937,Not Recommended,460920,29473142,Posted: 24 January,all,Disfatt Bidge,"I played this game at home and it was fun, not worth the 60 dollars, but I got it on sale at 40 and I say that's about the maximum that one should pay for it.  The issue is now I'm back at my university and whenever I play within 2 minutes I get a cannot connect to server error and this happens without fail within 2 minutes of starting the game.  Many times I have gone to the help forums for this issue and absolutely no one has helped me with it.  If I can't play this game because I am going to college then that's just simply awful."
,Not Recommended,460920,30049508,Posted: 19 February,all,Dr. Evil,"Whilst this game can be fun at times, majority of the time it isn't. It's far from it's actual asking price ($60) & also it needs alot of work. The only positive part about this game is that it's easy to level up & unlock clothing. Also the music is horrendous"
,Not Recommended,460920,33215249,Posted: 3 July,all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"Consider this more of a neutral vote.Steepis OKAY, but it suffers many of the same problems that recent Codemaster titles suffer from: pretty enough, but ultimately tries to do too much, inevitably feeling mediocre, underwhelming; without character.Modern winter sports games are exceedingly rare, however, so unless you mind going back to the OG Xbox forAmped 2(where I stand), this is probably your only real option."
76561198308521557,Recommended,460920,33688963,Posted: 20 July,all,CRUNCHY CRUNCHY CRUNCHY,"if you only reach the mimum requirements DO NOT GET i have a windows 7 home premium, intel inside core i5, 8 gb of ram, 1000 gb of space and even though i even have my computer plugged in and its at the LOWEST possible settings you can set it where it looks like a ♥♥♥♥ing potato making love to 5 pixels it still runs at 10 - 20 fps. DON'T GET THIS GAME IF YOU DON'T HAVE A BEASTY COMPUTER!"
76561198273557209,Not Recommended,460920,33794926,Posted: 25 July,all,Shio,"to the guy/girl/man/lady making all the messages pop up til 2nd checkpoint, positioned Riiiight where the obstacles are coming from, rethink it. it made winterfest so far unbearable to play and its not getting any better with the wingsuit hoops mission. just a thought maybe put it BEHIND THE CHARACTER! just like everyone thinking races are any kind of doable without 1 bit of smooth snow, i suggest you look up what the word fun means, cuz you seem to have forgotten in your quest of making challanges unbearable."
,Recommended,460920,28193098,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DemonKyo,super pretty and just pure fun
76561198278194303,Recommended,460920,28347843,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,mandy.wadsworth,its good but their needs to be single player
76561198100439226,Recommended,460920,28457302,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,DEPRESSEDREPUPLICAN,"Fun, enjoyable, chill, coop, multiplayer, races, snow, multiple sports and is just overall good$40 Isnt alot of money for a enjoyable game. You can earn like $800 a month at walmart and if you are spending so much time online complaining about the price of this game then i assume you dont pay rent and live in ya moms basement and yet you dudes are complaining about the game being $40. So i get the impression that you're a bunch of kids who whine about not getting enough pocket money from papa.Suh dudes see ya on the slopes"
,Recommended,460920,28684765,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ELOGAINS,This game is chill as♥♥♥♥♥ roaming around on the montains listening to tunes lit!!!!!
,Recommended,460920,28763430,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,jackscape,clipping: the game
76561198353724747,Recommended,460920,28845700,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,spoonislovespoonislife,SPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
76561198210922809,Not Recommended,460920,28985018,Posted: 3 January,all,PolishSausage99,"i played the game for about an hour and then the next day when i tried to open it i would crash after trying to connect ive tried to talk to the live support but got no rersults, ide like to play the game but i cant...any suggestions?"
,Recommended,460920,29086294,Posted: 7 January,all,Vodka'N'Cyanide,"In my opinion this is an excellent game with fantastic visuals and mountain views, the one problem I have is that on certain challenges you are  required to make dangerous jumps which are hard to complete without falling over, this is not a problem as long as you  are landing on flat ground however if you are landing on a slope you will have to roll all the way down or restart the challenge. This after a while gets very frustrating not because you are pretty much forced restart but because the character makes no effort to get up and slow down. In conclusion if you get angry easily then I do not think this is the game for you but other than that I cannot find any thing wqrong with the game."
76561198080767643,Not Recommended,460920,29090845,Posted: 7 January,all,korbusnik,"I played for a few weeks, and i loved it. Now it won't launch. Crashes everytime I try to launch the game.Looks like I am not the only one having incompatability with graphics cards.Ubisoft customer support is so bad that he told me to try it in ""offline mode"" LOL there is no offline mode, i wish there was. The email followup then told me that people with Radeon or Nvidia(everyone) are having problems so you should remove the Radeon or Nvidia hardware from my computer to solve the problem. HAHAHAHA Ubisoft is so out of touch, why do they even release games on PC if they dont even try to be compatable with the most common graphics cards that are in every computer.Getting a refund soon if it doesnt get fixed, but thats not what i really want, I want my game back!"
76561198071770324,Not Recommended,460920,29096931,Posted: 7 January,all,Astrophant,"This game is plenty of fun if it ever works. Many players like myself end up having the same issue where the game crashes upon launching it. The game seems like it is working fine up until it gets to ""Loading [step] 1/3 (or 2/3)"" and then immediately crashes. The game worked when I first bought it for 3 hours, but when I went to play it the next day I encountered this problem. There is also seemingly no legitimate fix to the issue, all ""fixes"" described only do not work for the vast majority of people. Until the game actually works, I can't even think about recommeding it because so far it has been a waste of my money."
,Not Recommended,460920,29346936,Posted: 18 January,all,Laser Bear,"Steep is a difficult game to assess. Despite putting 40+ hours into the game I would say that I've enjoyed less than 4 of those hours. For me, the biggest failing of the game is that despite being open-world, most challenges lock you into a fixed route where you must pass through a bunch of checkpoints. These challenges are tedious and repetative, unless you enjoy memorizing lines and repeating/refining them.However, Steep excels when it gets out of its own way and lets you be creative about the line you take. Unfortunately, maybe 10% of the missions give you just a start and end point, and leave what is inbetween up to you. One of the best ones is a multi-minute epic ride across multiple faces and ridges, but I have yet to encounter another challenge like it.Overall I would say that Steep is far less enjoyable than Amped 2 was; which the last snowboarding game I played.Pros:It has some impressive graphics, particularly the lighting effects.The wingsuit and hang-glider are interesting additions to an extreme sports game.Some of the challenges are really fun; or very rewarding to pull off.Large area to ride through.Almost no loading time when teleporting around the mountains.Cons:Most of the challenges are boring/repetative.Controls were very sluggish/unresponsive.- Note: I was using an XBOX 360 controller, which I've used for a fair number of Steam games, but Steep seemed to ignore diagonal input entirely.Using both sticks to control turning is an interesting concept, but was not a good design decision.I was unable to use the character customization screen for more than a minute due to lag (eventually crashing the program).Edit: I forgot to mention that the soundtrack is very limited, particularly compared to the Amped franchise."
,Not Recommended,460920,29452315,Posted: 23 January,all,Drzat,Gets really boring after about 5 or so hours. Lots of repetition and lots of bugs with new-ish maps. Some maps not beta tested and the mechanics are just awful.
,Not Recommended,460920,30795062,Posted: 28 March,all,Kid_Icorus,"What is probably a good game, once again ruined by terrible always online DRM requirements. Managed to play 40 minutes of the game over the course of 2 days as a result of servers always being unavailable and it having no offline options.Don't waste your money supporting this trash business model!"
,Not Recommended,460920,30795360,Posted: 28 March,all,Wolf,"I quite like this game, but the fact I find myself wanting to play it and not being able to due to server outages earns it a negative review. Oh, and it would also be neat if I could look around the beautiful environments I find myself in while playing without have GIANT ♥♥♥♥ING FLOATING BANNERS BLOCKING MY ♥♥♥♥ING VIEW EVERY DAMN WAY I LOOK"
,Recommended,460920,30918032,Posted: 3 April,all,Nifty CheshireCat,"This game is not for everyone and to be fair I picked it up at 50% off but honestly I enjoyed my time with it so much I picked up the season pass while it was on sale too. Ultimately like everyone has said the skiing and snowboarding is fairly similar and the hang gliding is boring as hell but the ski/snowboard mechanics and wingsuits are so much fun and as an open world exploration game this is one of the must fun, relaxing, and beutiful experiences I've had. It's more of a Skate style simulator so don't go in expecting ssx tricky or something but if you just want to wast countless hours skiing and snowboarding around the alps and exploring them then you will absolutly have a blast. If your not sure, wait for a sale. It's fun but community interactions are meh so waiting a few months to pick it up is fine, don't wory too much about player base size. I tend to play this like some kind of combination between skate and journy except on a snowboard. If that sounds cool Steep might be worth your time."
,Recommended,460920,31911550,Posted: 22 May,all,clownprince,8/10 This game is very fun when you have someone online to play with.... I cant belive its not butter!!! you can play roughly 65 hours with no one else and have lots of fun but after that you start to see the repeditiveness. But all in all it is super great if your into making gaming montoges and sweet clips like that.
,Recommended,460920,32381420,Posted: 12 June,all,Freakospect,Great game
,Recommended,460920,33648508,Posted: 19 July,all,DIRTMAN,Way better then 1080 Snowboarding!
,Recommended,460920,28210111,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Fiendir,"Roughly 30 hours playtime.I've reached level cap and maxed all different riding disciplines, earning myself legendary status.And you know what?It's just the beginning.I bet I'll be spending hundreds of hours on this digital vacation this game has taken me since release.There's so much to love in this game, and I'll be completely upfront; this isn't a objective opinion at all.You like starting off on a sunny hill filled with deep powder, and leisurely ski downhill, enjoing the weather, listening to some chill music? The game lets you do that, and rewards you for it.Want to jump off the most fearsome looking mountain, skydiving past rocky outcroppings that look like hell on earth, adrenaline making your hands shaky? The game lets you do that, and rewards you for it.My only nagging points are minor.The ""level cap"" at 25 is... Odd. I liked doing the different disciplines so much that I capped out quickly, but kept at it anyway.Sometimes, the control system and physics engine doesn't make any sense at all, and other days it's smoother than butter on a hot pan.I'm a little worried at longevity, but Ubisoft has lately had a trend with updating their games with both free and paid content that holds a decent standard. Might return to redact this in case things change.TL;DR:If you liked SSX or any similar game/series, but felt like you never had real freedom - here it is. Enjoy."
,Recommended,460920,28574663,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,derpydoge314,"Worth every penny, especially when it's on sale. Guarenteed relaxation and fun for hours"
76561198081582374,Recommended,460920,28700600,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Herpin&Derpin,"Honestly the parachuting controls are terrible i have spent almost all of my time in this game trying to do it, the other parts ive just been messing around in a wingsuit and snowboard"
76561198050542397,Not Recommended,460920,28844157,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ikezanzabar,While it is very fun. it is light on content and very glitchy. It also is very hard to play when the controllos sometimes flat out not work
76561198193805279,Recommended,460920,28874310,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MLGTaikasieni™,Only played the game for 7h (+ Steep open beta 9h) but so far it seems so good :D
,Recommended,460920,29974296,Posted: 16 February,all,Helicopter Cat,"This game is worth it it you can get it on sale, with about 30hrs on it at the time of this review, I say that it is a 8/10 The reason for that is that there is no sort of level editor, and no equipment designer. There are some minor bugs, but either than that, I definitely recommend it. If it had those two suggestions, or even one, this game would be flawless (in my opinion) But make sure your PC specs match the recommended, if you want this game to run well. With an i7, 8gig ram and gtx1060, I usually get about 60-120 fps. Ok keep scrolling now."
76561198039496955,Not Recommended,460920,33322704,Posted: 6 July,all,The shadow,"Launches game, yeah! hyped for this game!- No sound what so ever in the game, there is fixed for it. but trust me, they do NOT work ;)- Tried contacting ubisoft support, they dont like me? well at least there was no respond, they might be fixing that potato server."
76561197966167786,Recommended,460920,28153450,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,eyehate,I haven't been this excited for a snowboarding game since N64's 1080.The beta was awesome. Can't wait to see what the full version holds.
,Recommended,460920,30764241,Posted: 26 March,all,EightSkull,"I've played about 10 hours of this in the first 2 days of buying it and I'm very happy with the purchase.  I bought the Gold Edition, which I recommend, because it gives you access to more terrain which you will probably want.  Although the Alps (included with base game) is an incredibly vast area that could take you months to explore.  I feel that I've barely scratched the surface of the available terrain in the Alps.  This is the most fun I've had in a winter sports game since1080 Snowboardingfor the Nintendo 64.  It really captures the feel of skiing/snowbarding in deep powder.If you're looking for a game with a highly structured campaign, keep looking. This is an open-world, sandbox with the fun you get out of it being highly dependent on your own sense of adventure.  There are plenty of well set-up races and wingsuit jumps with checkpoints and opponents to keep you busy with structured events -- but be prepared to go exploring if you want to get the most out of this game.  Multiplayer is a blast, with the ability to group with three other people and take on the mountain.  You will find plenty of random strangers, sometimes in the middle of nowhere, willing to group with you.  It really adds a nice feel seeing other people doing the same lines you are doing.At 1440p on a 144Hz monitor, this game flogs my 1070-based system.  I'm not running on ultra settings, I had to take it down to ""high"" and turn all AA off to get 60-80 FPS.  Then I turned resolution scaling down to 0.9 so that I could get consistent FPS above 100, which is where I like it.  It still looks AMAZING and part of what makes the adventure on the mountain(s) so fun is the beauty of it all, with dynamic day/night cycles.The #1 complaint about this game coming out of the Steam reviews is the price. I got the Gold Edition on Steam Sale for $40 (50% off regular price) and I think that's more or less fair for a game that's only been out for four months.  I would not pay $80 for the Gold Edition."
,Recommended,460920,28148093,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,-|TI84|- Booze Gotti,"This is the best Ski game of all time if not the best extreem sports game of all timethis is the game i have been waiting for  since skate 3 its amazingits going to get alot of♥♥♥♥♥♥for it being uplay and whatever but i could not suggest it more.also the price is a bit ""steep""ive been skiing  for 16 years and this is finnaly the true game ive been looking for10/1011/10 with rice"
,Not Recommended,460920,34388708,Posted: 20 August,all,OneBadBadger,"It's pretty fun, the navigation seems aimless and kind of hard to follow to me. The gameplay is ok, feels sluggish and rough to me. I feel like it went for realism but it's just kind of missing something to me. I played it a couple hours and kind of lost all desire to go further."
76561198017448188,Recommended,460920,28173743,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,MrWad3r,"AWESOME! Sweet graphics, pretty solid gameplay, excellent music and much more. 10/10"
76561197972462621,Recommended,460920,28217257,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,clutchfork,"Absolutely beautiful.  Open world, beautiful rendering, solid physics...  So far, this is the closest I've seen to the real thing.  It has faults and annoyances, but if you want something more realistic and flowing, you'l have to suck it up and buy a ticket in Summit County.  Mary Jane and Copper Mountain come close in majestic terrain...Anyway, wonderful if you like to carve armchair powder, and exciting if you want to play challenges."
76561198067716072,Not Recommended,460920,34825818,Posted: 8 September,all,noot noot,"The environment is beautiful and immersive. The mechanics are pretty great too. But unless you're a fanatic when it comes to downhill skiing and the like, it doesn't take long to get stale. I only have an hour played, but I feel like I've already experienced the bulk of it. I think the game is great, but I'm not a big enough fan for this to keep pulling me back.And for those reasons, I'm out."
,Not Recommended,460920,28251735,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Fingerme Strong,"Don't get me wrong -- it's a great game. For £39.99 however? Not a chance.Wait six months for it to come down to £20 odd, then it'll be a recommendation. The game needs some serious polishing, there is still some problems with riding and tricks, which in a game like this is a MASSIVE oversight but Ubisoft have released it anyway.Game runs on Uplay -- which isn't THAT bad! (suprisingly). The Uplay system works pretty well with this game and I have no issue with it.Overall, it's not worth £39.99. It's a good game, but not justifyable at that price."
,Not Recommended,460920,28168604,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Genty,"Fairly boring, some wonky controls, not really worth £40"
76561198165129679,Not Recommended,460920,28197587,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,xX_Generic_Roblox_Gamer_Xx,"The game has lots of bugs that need to be fixed the spawns are messed up in some areas the camera sucks sometimes you can't see where you are going when trying to slow down/stop ""k"" does not help ""s"" works better its fun but don't think it will be perfect cuz its not like all games you should get the game if you are ok with the glitches you may find you will find something that may make you mad but just be prepared for that moment i will change this review when the game gets a patch to fix some of the problems i hope this review helped make or changed your look on the game but i don't control your money so buy it if you want i don't care."
76561198176247262,Not Recommended,460920,29766523,Posted: 7 February,all,LilButterbean24,Please make an offline mode to this. It ruins the game for me without having a constant wifi connection.
,Recommended,460920,32941441,Posted: 28 June,all,Fluxylicious,Very good game!!!
76561198079512743,Recommended,460920,28231845,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,HarleyW-iwnl-,This game is real life. nuff said.
76561198057770019,Not Recommended,460920,29213385,Posted: 12 January,all,hmmhaha,bought it for 89.- and have not been able to play a single minute. DONT BUY !! Crashes when loading. Can't even get to the menu's.I want my Money back !!!!
,Recommended,460920,29301133,Posted: 16 January,all,ⒿⓈⒹⓅ,If you want to explore alps and have fun with having fun.
,Recommended,460920,28540209,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,๖The Notorious™,"The best Winter Sport Game Hands Down! You can Snowboard, Ski, Wingsuit Jump, Parachute! You can do it all here! Also the customization is amazing aswell! You can choose how you want your character to look! Aswell as some great multiplayer open world gameplay! The Motion Blur in this game is really unique! It really gives you that speed feeling when going downhill!All in all an very good game!"
,Recommended,460920,28208138,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Zoanox,"I'll start this review by saying that the game is rather over-priced, it doesn't really have much of a purpose to it other than complete some challenges, it feels like doing the sub-quests in an Assassins Creed game. Aside from that, the game plays rather well, smooth fps and great graphics, a few minor details that could look more realistic, but for what it is right now it's very nice.The gameplay is very fun if you're interested in those addrenaline filled sports but don't have the money or the balls to actually go out and do it yourself in the real world. This game would be excellent if it was played in VR (virtual reality).One personal issue I've ran into is the game crashed numerous times, however I found out that was due to my Graphics Card overheating and going into ""Nope-Mode"" to save itself from any cheeky damages. I have never ran into such an issue with the card on any other games, most of which are newly realeased / high-end games. Keep an eye on your hardware temps with this one, just in case. To remedy this I moved one of my many case fans to get better air-flow to the GPU, you can also try leaving your case door off / open. This may also have been due to hot weather however it still didn't happen with other games that day. Just a heads up for anyone else on a possible issue!Anyway, I would give this game a solid 7 / 10 - loses points for being a bit over-priced and having that ♥♥♥♥ing stupid GoPro Karma drone in it, ♥♥♥♥ing worst drone ever released.. And loses points for some bad hardware compatibility. Gains points for a decently well made game despite the GPU temperature thing, sound effects are fine, graphics look great, and the gameplay has a nice feel to it."
76561198019072812,Not Recommended,460920,29472876,Posted: 24 January,all,SGrose,"Requires always online, requires Uplay...neither of these I want.I have university internet, which means that any game that requires constant online (MMOs, Elite: Dangerous, THIS GAME) I get kicked off of every couple of minutes.  Also, Uplay sucks, probably the worst thing since Games for Windows Live.I can't even tell you if the game is good or not, too busy getting booted off the server every 2-3 minutes"
,Not Recommended,460920,28660830,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Alliance,Not very Happy Doing Tricks and such is not set up very well
76561198060509911,Recommended,460920,28146707,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ponzo,fun
76561198355915974,Not Recommended,460920,33062382,Posted: 30 June,all,IemZombraMein,do not recomendi payed half price for it and it was still not worth ityou get bored of it fast!!!!!DONT BUY!!!!!
,Recommended,460920,32697771,Posted: 23 June,all,Dylo,Hell yea
76561198004257600,Recommended,460920,28139195,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Radical Zeal,"Initially, the game were missing some voice options that used to be available in the beta, but it seems the problem has been solved now.Now, time to enjoy the full experience of STEEPWill update soon with more content."
76561198239187170,Recommended,460920,28176504,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,⭐Gyraf⭐,I commend Ubisoft. You made a good game.
,Not Recommended,460920,28647572,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Neefer,"First off. Steep is not worth £40. i bought it when it was £26 and it still isnt worth it. the gameplay is ok but it comes with its issues. Parachuting is clunkly and awful. Skiing is fun and fast paced but after landing you seem to loose incredible amounts of speed, same with snowboarding but not as bad. The wing-suit seems to be well rounded and quite fun.Overall i would say this game is fun, but should not be priced £40, or even £26 (christmas sale). if it was £20 i would have reccomended this game but sadly its over priced."
,Not Recommended,460920,28721826,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mama Mia don't worry god,Ow unfinished game ? Well we can sell it anyway for 35 bucks-UBISOFT.                                                                       P.S. GO ♥♥♥♥ URSELF M8- Ubisoft
76561198094020519,Not Recommended,460920,29052368,Posted: 5 January,all,Nigs,"There's just nothing to do. Going down the same hill, jumping off the same cliff. Plus the spins and flips are auto controlled and those are the only tricks you can do besides grabs."
,Not Recommended,460920,29379853,Posted: 20 January,all,S3XUAL_D3V1ANT,"So the game is fun, but only for 2 hours or so.  Really to spend enough time in it and say thank God Steam has a refund policy now.Pros:Beautiful GraphicsGreat PhysicsController SupportNovice FriendlyCons:REPETITIVECan't play offlineI found that quite a few of the sports to progress missions are boring."
76561198122644241,Not Recommended,460920,28763290,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Space Brownies,the price is steep
,Not Recommended,460920,29380602,Posted: 20 January,all,Scrappa,"Snowboarding is not fun in this game. The gameplay for snowboarding gives a very unpleasant sensation from the combination of bad controls, the inability to turn back up the mountain, and the awful camera.The mountain is attractive but you quickly realize there's nothing genuinely interesting anywhere. It's basically just a procedurally generated map. Ubisoft doesn't understand that the size of worlds doesn't matter if there's nothing interesting or neat within them. SSX understood this.Also you still have to use Uplay, which is pretty awful and pointless.I will give Ubisoft credit for the snappy instant transports. It's nice to be able to play nonstop without being concerned about loading times. That's a very nice part of the game.In the end, I returned this within 2 hours and daydreamed about SSX on PC."
76561198046601149,Not Recommended,460920,30090978,Posted: 21 February,all,John F. Kennedy,"I dont even know where to start. The beta was better than the actual release, I payed full price for this game because i really enjoyed it in the closed beta and alpha. However, as it stands this game is a polished piece of schyt. It looks and feels great, but most of the advertisment points (I.e skiiing with friends, discovering the mountains together, etc.) is complete bullschyt. i have 17 hours in this game and most of it is waiting to see if my friends can join me, they cant. this games multiplayer/ Pairing system is like all the other Uplay garbage theyve thrown their asses and i think they should just light a match and let themselves burn while watching steam pickup the slack. they dont even make an effort to fix these issues that plague so many forums that its become a ""general discussion"" instead of technical support. even after emailing multiple times to ubisoft support and having them tell me ""reinstall windows thatll fix it"" and ""you have a memory leak"" (neither of these were relevant to conectivity). I wouldnt recommend this game to and imbred autistic kid with abandonment issues living in africa, itd just be more dissapointment in their lives, and I'm Fuc -king Fed up of all this Horseschyt."
,Not Recommended,460920,34241787,Posted: 14 August,all,Dexx,"Honestly, my love for SSX games made me purchase this game. I really wish I hadn't. The controls are made to be ""realistic"", but then the gameplay has SSX style jumps and fall damage, so essentially you end up with a game nobody really gets any better at (even the AI look terrible and unrealistic doing things), terrible unintuitive controls, and a clunky game experienced cloaked in a well polished game. Finly polished turd of a game."
,Recommended,460920,28229099,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,TheDiCE,Board in real life and this game gets my hyped for season. Really cool game
,Recommended,460920,28153599,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Ding-Dong-Schmuck,Great game! Highly recommend!
,Recommended,460920,28165911,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Æ,"Great Winter sports game, havent had a good one for a while. It also has great graphics, go buy it."
76561198278423286,Not Recommended,460920,29091952,Posted: 7 January,all,Swanky,This game broke for me aand i cant get into the game. Save your money and don't buy this game. Even if it works it will get boring fast.
,Not Recommended,460920,33056361,Posted: 30 June,all,critical_thought,"Since I am only left with two options I chose the thumbs down but really I would give it a 50%. The game being hard isn't what I am against (speaking of the challenges rated hard). What I am against is the fact that it is just absolutely ridiculous what the hard things are. I snowboard and I am fairly good at it. I also watch snowboarding videos regularly and when it comes to the ""hard"" options you pretty much have to be lucky and it is also nothing a pro snowboarder would even attempt. Nothing about this is intuitive, even after I have learned the controls, and it really seems like they wanted to make this a hard arcade-style game. No one drops off of 500 foot cliffs and lands; next to no one even does anything other than ski or snowboard compared to what the offer in the game and the others aren't even very fun; there is no jibbing (grinding) in the game; basically I have no idea who enjoys this game for longer than I've played.This appears to be their new step forward as a company though. I enjoy playing car racing games but the next Crew appears to be oversaturated garbage full of stuff to get the casual gamer to buy it. If you want to be arcade then just do it. If you want to be a sim then you should do that too. This inbetween stuff with the major markets (as I mentioned auto racing and snowboarding/ skiing) that adds in a bunch of stuff no one cares about and having half-way controls between arcade and simulation is just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid.If people keep buying it than ♥♥♥♥ it but there are so few games with snowboarding I gave this a try and I find it ridiculous. After the E3 for the next crew I already knew I wouldn't buy that but at least there are other racing games out there. About all I enjoyed from the first one is making my cars look nice because in the age of the internet I know which car is best for which class of race."
76561198123317391,Recommended,460920,28215799,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,★Snowman★,"people who say this game is overpriced clearly dont appreciate good games anymore, or their just broke.this game is amazing, its complete unique style of what almost seems to be an MMO action sports game is awesome, theres always a bunch of people around doing events or just exploring the wild. Theres so much to do in this game its crazy, you can bomb hills in a race or cut through trees on narrow trails or even make your own trails. If you enjoy winter sports this is more than what you are looking for. if your not into winter sports and you're just looking for a game to play, well, your about to be into winter sports actually.  the physics of this game are impressive also, its very realistic reactions. are there a few bugs, yes, but they are pretty minor so im more than confident they will be fixed.TL;DR: BUY THIS GAME"
76561197992636137,Recommended,460920,32566681,Posted: 19 June,all,Kafaldifax007,One of the best extreme sports games I have ever played. Always adding new content and the season pass is completely worth it.
76561198120120855,Recommended,460920,30752631,Posted: 26 March,all,Aki秋,"The GoodHuge area to exploreImpressive, smooth visualsGood balance between realism and arcade handlingFresh take on extreme sportsThe BadPredictable eventsMultiplayer does nothing to expand or diversify the gameDoesn't make the most of its setting or sportsThe UglyMicrotransactions, while not too obvious, are there to squeeze more cash out of you"
76561198035425998,Recommended,460920,28665483,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[!!OMG!!] Stash,"If you love the mountains and you love to ride your Snowboard or skies through kneedeep powder, this is a game for you. Explore the Alps with your board and pull off awesome tricks. Hang loose."
76561198273721449,Recommended,460920,28190214,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Krisjanis,"If I had a dollar for every time this game crashed I would buy a new copy of Steep and play it on two accounts at the same time!The game is amazing! If you bought No Man's Sky, why have you not bought this game- open world, infinite possibilities, amazing visuals!"
,Recommended,460920,29629922,Posted: 1 February,all,Flying Panda,"What you'd expect from an extreme sports game,but there aren't that much stunts to do"
76561198006713826,Recommended,460920,28194344,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,RG LDunphy,Its everything i have been waiting for since Amped and so much more! The gameplay and controls feel fresh once you have had sometime to get used to them and the game has endless exploration.
,Recommended,460920,29345190,Posted: 18 January,all,shaunxdlol,Not a bad game fam blud m8.9/10 gud fam
76561198025623251,Recommended,460920,33250649,Posted: 4 July,all,errorz,nice
,Recommended,460920,33035044,Posted: 30 June,all,clumsy ninja,It's fun and it looks great.
,Recommended,460920,28155676,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Cigarettes,"Not an in depth review, but just a quick yes or no.Yes you should get this if you enjoy any winter sports type games, the open mountain with the freedom to use 4 different things to get around (snowboard, skiis, wingsuit, paraglider) is just awesome.The challenges are addicting to get gold medals on, but very frustrating at timesAfter spending 10 hours in the beta and 15 hours in retail, I can say the game is well worth the price, and your time."
,Recommended,460920,28160259,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Zennrick,"Great game!!!Only problem I have with it is it has a few bugs and frame drops every now & then.But other than that, I would totally recommend the game, but in my opinion it's not worth £39.99.I would say wait until it's on sale."
,Recommended,460920,28156941,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,✪ apple,"Amazing graphics, amazing gameplay, amazing level. 10/10"
,Recommended,460920,32857767,Posted: 27 June,all,KingPaul726,"If you have some extra money to spare, and like Extreme sports, 10/10 purchase"
,Recommended,460920,28154808,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bullfrog,Extremely fun and addicting.playing this game for the first time I had trouble navigating everywhere. but once you slowely figure out the controls and how the movement works its really fun.still needs some updates to fix certain things but I highly recommend this game to any Snowboard/Skateboarding fan.to me it reminds me of Tony Hawks Downhill jam.
,Recommended,460920,34031419,Posted: 4 August,all,BurntToast,I'm not big on reviews.. So this will do Pig.
,Recommended,460920,30013555,Posted: 18 February,all,Lombey,Bingo Squid
76561198161694560,Recommended,460920,28683439,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Brand212,people who love winter sports will love this game
,Recommended,460920,30772924,Posted: 27 March,all,swøøsh,This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game but plox install for dollar
76561198060229384,Recommended,460920,28170397,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mydros,not bad
76561198054909698,Recommended,460920,28189146,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Art,Best Winter Sport game ever playedcool chalangesrelaxingenvironmental feeling - amazing10/10
,Recommended,460920,28603536,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Telekeneto,"I was wary about purchasing at such a high price tag, but honestly the game really opens up after the tutorial. It scratches the SKATE 3 itch that I have had since ditching my Xbox 360, and combines it with wingsuit flying action that actually works.Pros: Make your own funSandboxNot much guidanceCons: make your own fun"
76561198287064590,Not Recommended,460920,30879268,Posted: 1 April,all,li.ziye,how to connect the server? dead for 1 week....sigh.....
76561198007712215,Recommended,460920,30925611,Posted: 3 April,all,RaynMaykr,like it
,Recommended,460920,28951405,Posted: 2 January,all,qwnzr,"Yo buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game bros its totally rad. But seriously skiing/boarding and wingsuit is amazing, can't wait till vr support is added, I want to make all my friends sick////muahahahahahaha"
,Recommended,460920,28430034,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,CloudyGiraffe,Love this game don't get me wrong.Its absolutely beautiful when you have a nice beafy computer to get smooth 60 fps.I just dont understand why I have to still use Uplay when I bought it on Steam. I get that it is for DRM purposes but no one likes Uplay in general.Would also love to have Steram achievements instead of Uplay ones. Both? i dont care just make it so i dont have to open Uplay..
76561198323855418,Recommended,460920,29151627,Posted: 9 January,all,OverwatchAddict,Very fun and compertitive love it. i want more from usbisoft to. :)
76561198274427557,Recommended,460920,30304231,Posted: 3 March,all,MothScale,AMAZING
76561198136941418,Recommended,460920,29228415,Posted: 13 January,all,jerry :3,Brilliant. Great soundtrack. Aesthetically pleasing and just great fun in general. Many hours to be spent on this game!!!
76561198028463467,Recommended,460920,28138797,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,superspartan2,Super fun !!
,Recommended,460920,28275924,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,JEJE,"Need rail to be perfect, but worth the buy"
76561198294942913,Not Recommended,460920,28804174,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,5NATION Chunkz,bad
,Recommended,460920,29369482,Posted: 19 January,all,Nereus,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, but unfortunately I was getting motion sickness within a few minutes while snowboarding. Tried some tweaks to no avail. I have requested a refund. I am still giving a positive review as it looks like a lot of fun - my experience is not a reflection on the game, just a problem I have personally with some games. If you suffer motion sickness from some games, maybe give this one a miss, or try watching it on youtube for a while and see how you feel."
,Recommended,460920,29916362,Posted: 14 February,all,青,Good Game
,Recommended,460920,28750244,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,A profile name i guess..,"i may not have played it mutch but i really like the game alot, this is a reccomend for all of you!(sorry for my bad english im not english)"
76561198020353211,Recommended,460920,28249690,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Richdemerciless,"Great looking game, fun to play, but just think its a wait for sales kinda game 40 squid seems a bit much in my opinion."
76561198209242392,Recommended,460920,28139015,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,k.r.i_s,"I'm SOOOO glad this turned out to be awesome. I played the beta and was instantly hooked, I prayed that it would stay the same when this got released.Awesome graphics, simple handling controls (for me at least), challenges are great for improving tricks and handling.Just walking on foot is enjoyable too, makes you appreciate the view.If you're into any sorts of sports game, you should give it a try."
76561198002308303,Recommended,460920,28179348,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,.:LEGEND:. GreenArr0w,"Life is pretty boring for most peoples, this is why there is game where you can have pleasure and just enjoy the moment and chill out. If you are looking for an amazing game but you are sitll not sure if this game worth your time and money...stop right here.This game is huge , beautiful and there is so much to do. Take a moment to Add to cart this game and lets RIDE !Who have never dream of doing wingsuit  ? Well in this game you can do it !!Do yourself a gift and just buy it now, this game is just amazing and you will have love it!* Trick : When you jump, make sure that at the same time you hit the ground with your board to press RT it will help your landing to make it perfect.A beautiful game from ubisoft, you will not regret it!10/10"
76561198273437979,Recommended,460920,30270987,Posted: 1 March,all,PotatiologyYT,10/10 would steep again.
,Recommended,460920,31105706,Posted: 12 April,all,Facarwi,"Once in every gamer's life something comes along so beautiful, so left of center they don’t see it coming. They didn't even know they were missing it... Yet once they have it, they realise how meaningless life was without it.This is that moment for me!10/10"
,Recommended,460920,29985540,Posted: 17 February,all,Kryziss『あ保ぴゅ台』,Took a nosedive into a rock... five times in a row... Great choices
,Recommended,460920,30031554,Posted: 19 February,all,Seascientist,v good
76561198221341668,Recommended,460920,29468078,Posted: 24 January,all,/\/\ICHUU,"Very good, despite few bugs!"
,Recommended,460920,31205357,Posted: 17 April,all,RedNeck,NIce game
,Recommended,460920,30010661,Posted: 18 February,all,NNDR,yes very redbull
76561198016137605,Recommended,460920,31196669,Posted: 17 April,all,ericksson,The best fun in the game is Wingsuiting for me. ;)
76561198085126364,Recommended,460920,28931931,Posted: 2 January,all,[Drift King] DylanDaDrifter,"Great Game, love the exploration and controls, Great online features and amazing graphics would recomend to players the love open world games and customisation and unlocking new features by putting in great work :)"
,Recommended,460920,29256367,Posted: 14 January,all,HarryBlobber,its pretty fun
,Recommended,460920,30787498,Posted: 27 March,all,pVVn3c|,"I played this game in Beta and the wingsuit flying was amazing, but the snowboarding was meh.Now at the time of review I am finding the snowboarding to almost be more fun than the wingsuit flying!"
,Not Recommended,460920,30817091,Posted: 29 March,all,Armo Meng,"It's not bad, it's jut a little bit boring. I would give mixed review if I could. Got it on 50% off, otherwise it's a bit high for the price.Imagine you're doing Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, in a almost-same-everywhere huge open world ice mountain, with fewer tricks than skater's can do. Appreciate it has both aims for speed and higher points though.Ski and snow board plays not much different. Paragliders could have been nicer if we're in a more sceneful landscape, not in this case, similar snow covering mountains.Gravity force could have been good, but they made it nothing but smooth."
,Recommended,460920,28169766,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,✪ Rossi,"Very beautiful open world, vast and expansive for you to traverse as you please via five possibilties: walking, paragliding, wing suiting, skiing and my favourite, snowboarding. I fully reccommend this game to any wintersports enthusists or anyone just looking for a fun casual game to play."
,Recommended,460920,28169885,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kezehh,"Played the game since Open Beta Early Access. The game isnt perfect, sometimes I feel asif im fighting with the controls, but overall, the feel of the game is great, being able to do whatever you want within the world, creating your own fun or doing the set tasks (Races, Freestyles etc.).id give it an 8/10"
76561198105618112,Recommended,460920,28169522,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Praetorian,"Solidy built game, runs really well. Great to fly down Mount Blanc at high speed and pull  some insane moves, on the ground and in the sky.  Highly reccomend, really scratches that extreme sports itch."
76561197960346082,Recommended,460920,30149526,Posted: 24 February,all,da wuede hund,"Almost everything I always asked for.Semi realistic snowboarding/skiing fun. No flashy lights, no over exaggerated stunts, no drops from a couple of hundred meters. Just plain snowboarding/skiing like in the real world (kind of at least).Butthey need to fix the riding style of the snowboarders. You can't ride like this in the back country or in powder. They're way too much leaned forwards, which is a pretty big deal braker for me as it hurts my eyes seeing somebody riding like that.Well, it's a game like the Skate series only on snow, I waited for this since 10 years, so I shouldn't be too picky. Woohoo!"
76561198207700628,Recommended,460920,30152151,Posted: 24 February,all,Frøggen Kørmit,"Peter 1 Av Russland liker dette spillet, takk at dere tok våre russiske fjell til insprirasjon.Venelig hilsen, Peter"
76561197962574839,Recommended,460920,28168181,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jj604,good game
,Recommended,460920,28139602,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,squirtlelol,this game has a lot of snow
,Recommended,460920,28162570,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gedz .!. Burn MF,"I used to play snowboard games on PS2, so I definitely had to buy it and I am amazed. Im playing it on ultra and it just looks gorgeous. I have so many thinks to say about this game but I just can´t get them out of my self, because I just can´t stop playing :) I will just put few points that are touching me right now in my mind. And I will just update it by the time I refresh my head :P+smooth play on a controller+graphics+sountrack+amount of things by which you can change your character-only minus I found far by now, I can´t imagine playing it on a keyboard"
,Recommended,460920,28139382,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,andyswoody,its skate but with snow and mountain!!!!
76561198189625510,Recommended,460920,28813652,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chocoductions,"#RecommendThis game is amazing!But be aware, if you dont have the best computer (like me) be prepared to have lower fps and reduced quality. Still playable.subscribe to me on youtube.https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYmXt7Oz08otpukj7iu1jYQ"
,Recommended,460920,29096657,Posted: 7 January,all,Beenster22,"Very cool game, content is fun (but could do with more). looks absolutely amazing, great job"
,Recommended,460920,28141971,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SKITZO,"game runs smooth and extremly quick, hardly any loading. for what the game is, an open world wintersports playground it does everything properly the way these game's should be, to be free roaming in a beautiful mountian in your zone then the next second a guy comes speeding past u to end up doing a cool trick or failing in front of you, the moments you get with online freeroam game's isnt only what the game has but what you and others also experience and  especially with the random moments, alot of fun to be enjoyed for a while, and dlc to come, 9/10 would recommend, nothing is perfect yet its not the year 2500."
,Recommended,460920,29440938,Posted: 23 January,all,LarsNNL,its awesome finaly a good extreme sprt game
,Recommended,460920,28137476,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Tinker Bell,"The best simulator ever in my library .I'm using AMD RX 480 8GB I7 6700k 4.4GHZ 16GB RAM.It never dropped framerate under 70 in ULTRA!!This time, NOT UBIcrap.Rather i wanna call it Bloody God game XD"
,Recommended,460920,28138102,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Derp.//.b2a.//.son,10 broken bones / 10 broken bones
,Recommended,460920,28137952,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Narsh,AWESOME!!!!Hard to choose WD2 and STEEP! >_<wanna play both in the same time LOL how nice the graphic and musicwelldone !!
,Recommended,460920,31558520,Posted: 5 May,all,seanyc123,Snowsport kino.
76561198285858979,Recommended,460920,31587332,Posted: 6 May,all,ginger-:),juste exellent // just exellentI really love this gameI have living in the Haute Savoie  and for me this game are  fabulousDo not hesitat :)
76561197983868275,Recommended,460920,31591879,Posted: 6 May,all,LaCourgetteGrise,Very good game
76561198202599522,Recommended,460920,29446049,Posted: 23 January,all,Pope,Great game. This is just a step in the right direction.
,Recommended,460920,30985992,Posted: 6 April,all,MσcнαLαттε |,bought it during the sales. totally worth it
,Recommended,460920,34199482,Posted: 12 August,all,LegitMuffin,Dee’s gameeeeh Isuzu veuraaaah gud gumeeeee
76561197996610226,Recommended,460920,29195030,Posted: 11 January,all,lei07,"I love Winter Sports. Olympic Skiing and Snowboarding fascinates me. STEEP is a great casual open world sandbox that allows you to ride the large mountain ranges any way you want.Personally, I don't even bother with the challenges. I just ride about, learning to trick, grabbing beautiful screenshots, and just having some casual fun. The controls are simple, and may turn off the more ""hardcore"" boarders, but they flow well and feel very natural.STEEP is the natual progression of Stoked: Big Air Edition, and feels very much in that vein. For those that want more of a challenge, Infinite Air is the way to go. Both games are fantastic though, and any true skiing/boarding fan will pick up both titles."
,Recommended,460920,29436557,Posted: 22 January,all,Safex,Recommended for base or sale price for an experience that can hype you into awe.For thrill seekers and players that enjoy the laid-back experience of Steep's accessible Open World exploration.
,Not Recommended,460920,28765430,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GoldenBacon101,"I bought it on Christmas, the visuals are AWESOME! Although, the gameplay and multiplayer lacks. Too confusing sometimes. Boring after you play 1 hour of the game. Bugs. and lots more.If you are person who likes visuals this is a game for you.If you are both I wouldn't recomendIf you are a gameplay player I wouldn't recomend"
76561198157281131,Not Recommended,460920,28886347,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kyle,"wait till the physics engine is fixed and it will be worth the 60$ right now its not even worth the sale's price of 40$, i did play in the open beta but from that to launch its almost the exact same, with the exact same problems, the only new stuff seems to just be the other mountains with their routes."
76561198067355139,Not Recommended,460920,28776390,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,2000Reflex,"Almost 10 hours in, gotta say it held my interest for awile but now I'm not so sure. Didn't want to pass up this deal($40 at time of writing) but supposedly this flopped according to the fact its already the same price at gamestop so I guess I could have waited for a 50% off. Essentialy, wait till its under $40 to buy this. This feels very early acesssy from the fact there's no jump mechanics while walking, u get completely stuck on fences. Too many times awesome looking roofs just slow you down. G force system is over the top a lot even when you master the tricky controls. Also there's no rail grinding. Couple all that with the fact that its just a time beating game, and if you don't have friends to get competitive with, beating AI scores gets very,very, boring. There's great speculation that because this game was so underdeveloped, that this may have just been some demo for Ubisoft to test some new Enviroment Rendering System for a new future title."
76561198145159316,Not Recommended,460920,29435039,Posted: 22 January,all,[pG] Muk,"It was fun at first, but after a while it gets very boring. The physics are really ♥♥♥♥ing dumb at some points. If you go past a tree it swings you the other way.It was fun, but after a while it's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥Waste of money in the long run."
,Not Recommended,460920,28755586,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[NCG]Stone1555,Game was fun and nostalgic for about 30 minutes. The handling and delivery of each task is very repetitive and boring. The controls feel awkward. 1080 for the Nintendo 64 was a better game.
76561198185726369,Not Recommended,460920,34723881,Posted: 3 September,all,lucman,"By far the best skiing game out there that is aiming for realism. The gameplay is really nice where you can either go full karate down the mountain doing all sorts of trick combos or just casually cruise down exploring the mountain and enjoying the view. The different type of sports really add to the game and makes for a unique way of playing the game. Although the game got some great elements i would actually not recommend it to someone that is not really a skiing enthusiast, why? Because the game gets boring really fast due to the story being really flat and relatively short, after that it just get repetitive sadly."
,Recommended,460920,28151973,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,memeslut,"If you like winter sports, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,460920,35399896,Posted: 1 October,all,QMC,gud geme
,Not Recommended,460920,28515174,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Lasaga,"Just don't even get it, please."
,Recommended,460920,28135790,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MadDoggyca,"Open World MMO style Extream Winter Sports dose not get any better then this on the PCflawless (on my current rig) zero issues regarding preformenceGraphics, Sound FX and Music, Gameplay is amazing..must buy 2016"
76561198122246285,Not Recommended,460920,29959083,Posted: 16 February,all,tomatron3000,"Steep is a very hard game to review for me, I can tell you right now, if a friend asked me if he should buy Counter strike GO or Steep, I would have to go for CSGO because it boasts more content, and can be replayed again and again, on the other hand steep in my opinon is short lived and over priceed for the content it offers, I Pre-ordered the gold edation, a descion I now regreat to a extent, But it is a beautiful game, and is very fun while you complete the challenges and oriante the map. I would give Steep a 7\10, because of the price and the content. Do I recomend this game to your average Joe, No I don't. Because again of the content and steep price. If you have the money, and you want something new, then i would recommend it for you"
76561197976002778,Not Recommended,460920,28515513,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Bamtastic,Do not buy at this price.
,Not Recommended,460920,28664440,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DannyDipper,"Just Crashes, wount load and 0 support from anyone save your pennies and buy somethign else"
,Recommended,460920,28136433,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ul_trOOn,good job ubisoft
,Not Recommended,460920,29635417,Posted: 1 February,all,aLt,Remove Uplay and I'll write a positive review. Tire of having to restart my computer every time I quit the game.
76561198166203966,Recommended,460920,28136350,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,OSKAR,i have a love and hate relationship with this game i have 12 hour on the bata were i did everything that was offered it was amazing but 1 thing i have to say that this game is very and i mean very frustrating but thats ok if you up for a challange i have got the gold edition of this game and i am 100% satisfied about this this game is for anyone but i know this will have a special place in my heart for a long time
,Recommended,460920,28136246,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,a hobo,10/10 best faceplant simulator ever
76561198066607153,Not Recommended,460920,30084358,Posted: 21 February,all,GUrUHimself,"While the game had potential to be good they just could not help themselves to throw an ad right in your face right in the middle of playing. To elaborate I took a helicopter to get to another area of the map I wanted to play. Normally you just sort of teleport there and continue playing, this time however I was put into first person view of my character as he was getting out the helicopter with a Red Bull drink in his hand. After he jumps out it turns the camera to face him and the helicopter behind him now. The Heli is covered in Red Bull logos and the character cracks open the Red Bull takes a drink and then you can play. I paid $60 to play this game not so that I could be blatantly advertised to. Absolute BS, going to see if Steam will be willing to refund it. DON'T BUT THIS GAME IT IS JUST A CASH CRAB."
76561198036250483,Not Recommended,460920,35218168,Posted: 26 September,all,Polyphallic,"I had heard positive things about the game, and I'd love to play it. However, for some reason, Ubisoft servers can't connect. Therefore, I cannot start the game in Offline mode, because I haven't played the introduction. I can't play the introduction, because I can't connect to the server. I'd have loved to play the game, and I am genuinely devastated that for whatever reason, the servers don't work in Australia. Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥take."
76561198025453996,Recommended,460920,28171036,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ozzy McBean,Absolutely awesome! For the game you get the price isn't too... Steep...
,Recommended,460920,28171977,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mei,i love this game
,Recommended,460920,28209258,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,sp55aa,"additive game, i like it"
76561198147703194,Not Recommended,460920,30763917,Posted: 26 March,all,D4RK,"Very fun game, for about two hours. At the hour and a half mark, you start to get bored of doing the same run over and over again trying to get a better score or faster time. Not to mention, you can't do everything you want to do, and when you do a very nice trick in your opinion and it only gives you like 1000 points, it is very frustrating. Also, the only fun part in the game is snowboarding, paragliding and proximity flying is PAINFUL. Tutorial is dreadful, I could honestly go out for a day on the mountain and be back at the same time I finish the damn tutorial. NOT TO MENTION IT CRASHED LIKE FOUR TIMES, AND MADE ME RESTART IT! Although, I am not going to take away from the games excellent graphics that make you feel like you're right on the mountain. If you are buying the game to play with friends, I would find a different game, because you might as well not be playing with them. Sure, you are in the same world ""competing"", but you barely notice them and it is impossible to follow them because of the games high pace. In my opinion, if the game just showed your friends best scores, instead of being in the same world, it would be almost the same. Personally I couldn't see myself playing more than 20ish hours, and for that reason I refunded it.GOOD:GraphicsShort-term funSnowboardingLoading timeCompetitivenessBAD:Playing with friendsLong-term funParaglidingProximity flyingFrustratingTime consumingMap is quite ugly and small, tough to navigatePainful tutorialIF YOU LIKE SKIING/SNOWBOARDING ENOUGH TO SPEND THIS MUCH MONEY ON A VIDEO GAME ABOUT IT, JUST GO TO A MOUNTAIN AND DO IT YOURSELF!By the way, I had a great time in the open beta, and had tons of fun with friends. However, just the idea of spending this much money for such short-term fun baffles me."
76561198149537716,Not Recommended,460920,29506644,Posted: 26 January,all,Just Quit Stalin,"Well, what can I say, as a person who skis from time to time I was excited. Excited to see a game that would let me do the stuff I would never really do on the hill. Excited for the promised massive open world and ""infinite Possibilities"". Well that's not what this is, and its definitly not worth the80$ price tag. Not even on sale would I recomend this game to anyone. Firstly the controls, by god, they are bad. You spend most of your time skiing backwards when you want to ski forewards. Grabbing in the air while doing the same spin for the 50th time and trying to get up while clipping into a building, The wing suit is cool, and if the dev team made the other sports as refined as it, maybe this would be a good game. But the final nail in the coffin known as steep comes in the fact that there isno offline mode. No Wifi? oh sorry guess you can't be a part of a game that gears itself to online play where you don't actually interact with other people."
,Recommended,460920,28627191,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,TheLedi,This is so amazing!
,Not Recommended,460920,29387599,Posted: 20 January,all,Cersonix,This is posibly the wordt pc game i have ever played>Flicky textures>No sound>DRM the whole package for only a kidney! Ordder today and get your free♥♥♥♥♥♥Holder absolutley FREE!!!!
,Recommended,460920,29365596,Posted: 19 January,all,Stoned Silver,the game wouldnt load for me after i downladed it 2 times. would just crash.
76561197974098948,Not Recommended,460920,29069283,Posted: 6 January,all,QuintaN,Need to play through uplay. ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,460920,29122559,Posted: 8 January,all,Benji,This game if fun for the first 4 hours then it sucks.
,Recommended,460920,29329365,Posted: 17 January,all,FireShooter10,"This was a very good time. I enjoy flipping, turning, and smashing my head off of hard objects. More G is more fun.11/10 would definitely ragdoll down an entire mountainside again"
,Recommended,460920,28191698,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jared From Subway,I give it 10/10 grapples!
76561198314707744,Recommended,460920,28156457,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Scoobs,FANTASTIC!
76561198297941667,Recommended,460920,32921835,Posted: 28 June,all,jj.proudlock,great
76561198065500466,Not Recommended,460920,29110890,Posted: 8 January,all,RecyclinBin,"Hate the gameplay, hate ubisoft, hate this game. I thought teh other current ski game was bad, but steep is so bad I don't even want to play it. can't change the controller layout, navigating the menus is awful. Been paying games like these since cool boarders and this is worse than Johny Mosely Mad Trix."
,Recommended,460920,28175900,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,RIP Gnomie,"Pros-BeatifulOpen WorldDifferent SportsUser customizationSome challenging RacesMultiplayerCons-Limited TricksControls are F*ckedGets RepetativeBiggest Con-F*CKING UPLAYGreat game, but I feel like there isnt all that much to do. More of a scenery based game.. Not worth the 60 dollar price but I would get it on a sale for 30.. But you need Uplay soooo actually 10"
,Recommended,460920,28704466,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,The Snoop Dog,If you like fast paced sports then this is your game.
76561198030319784,Not Recommended,460920,29023053,Posted: 4 January,all,jk0q,"this game doesn't recognize my nvidia, i've tried many forums and website to fix this bug... but nothing good came out of those advice...and 60$ is 60$"
,Recommended,460920,28165670,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Skaven Slayer,thumbs up
,Recommended,460920,30764107,Posted: 26 March,all,Negever Give Up -iwnl-,"Best Steep Review [/h]Hello,Steep is a good game. However, repeditive.The game has a steep price tag, and you should buy it when on sale, not for $60. It's better that way.Steep is a repetitive game, just like this review. After playing for a while you'll be like ""Wowzers I've been going down the same 3 mountains for 5 hours now, in two different ways""You only use 2 out of the 4 sports in the game.(Let's be real here, no one enjoys paragliding and ski's are for noobs)The game randomly crashes sometimes when loading. SPEAKING OF WHICH~ there is no loading times. Once you are in the game teleporting to places is instant, there is no load screen at all in this game. Game includes autosave.I'd recomend a controller, I personally use my PS4 controller. The keyboard controls are a little bit awkward, but are still enjoyable :DGraphics are good, the game actually allows you to run your own benchmark in the game, to see which graphics would be the best for your system while keeping a playable framerate. It also shows you, when changing them, what the graphics will look like in game.Multiplayer is okay. Playing with friends is more like ""Aye my friend is in the game that's cool"" then one of you leaves the other in their dust.Mission are fun, howeverTHE TAILING MISSIONS ARE LITERAL TRASH AND SHOULD BE REMOVEThat's all.There isn't too much of a story,you're an upcoming pro rider. You have different ""shoots"" to promote your character and unlock new missions.Long tutorial but covers all grounds."
76561198072887399,Recommended,460920,29546699,Posted: 28 January,all,Morty,Aight:/not worth $80
76561198279359910,Recommended,460920,29044251,Posted: 5 January,all,OnkelChismi,Nice at the challenge Glacier im 1. Place ofall time :3
76561197972230257,Not Recommended,460920,30716794,Posted: 24 March,all,L33T KR3W GOOSE,if it was more on the fast side i would like this game more if i even like it but noo we must be a lil slower so we dont lose our balance. its so ♥♥♥♥ing boring tbh
,Recommended,460920,31143853,Posted: 14 April,all,antisocial...,"Girlfriend:""Why are you playing the same level for an hour, didnt you already beat it? Me:""Yea,but I only got silver""....(""Now go make me a sammich B"")"
76561198027466041,Not Recommended,460920,28652463,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Swampylaban,"This game is fun for about 30 minutes and after that it´s just the same over and over again. The same mountain, the same challenges, the same stunts and that´s it. It has microtransactions too and let´s not forget it´s €60 when not on sale (captain obvious.) The game looks really nice and the snow forming under you is really cool but not €60 cool maybe €25 cool. If you love skiing more than i do like you love it so much that if you don´t ski for just one minute you will die level of love of skiing then you should get it. If you just like to skii a couple of times a year then this game will be extremely boring very quickly for you. Steam refund is very appreciated in this case 10/10 on steam refund."
,Not Recommended,460920,28510168,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,trevorbulock,"I am really happy with the gameplay.  But I've had the game crash numerous times already, today I can't even play because I can't connect to the server. I spent my money on this game that I can't play.  I would recommend this game to others if you fix the server connection issues. I have connected to both of my internet sources.  The problem is not on my end. Please fix the issues and I will be happy to recommend this game to friends and family."
76561198076491205,Recommended,460920,28261321,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,TRON,Good
76561198058686952,Recommended,460920,30951000,Posted: 4 April,all,Squeeze_Tv,Hella gnary to shred the gnar
,Recommended,460920,30807112,Posted: 28 March,all,[APG] Odin,"I hate this game, but I keep playing it. It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ chew you up and slam you right into the side of a mountain at 100+ mph all because you didnt see the rock that was in your way BECAUSE THIS GAME HAS ZERO FREAKING DEPTH PERCEPTION MECHANICS OR 3D OF ANY KIND AND HOW THE FLYING BAT BUGGERING ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO DO THAT ONE WINGSUIT TRACK IN ALASKA FOR ♥♥♥♥S SAKE WHY IS IT SO DAMN DIFFICULT!?!?!?I love this game.."
,Recommended,460920,29324588,Posted: 17 January,all,CoolBeans72,I would get it for $30-$40 because it does not have enough content to justify the $60. Other than that this game is amazingly beautiful and it plays really well. The g-force system seems a bid random but does its job OK.
,Recommended,460920,30187774,Posted: 25 February,all,sonictj,Worth it
,Recommended,460920,29104638,Posted: 7 January,all,Sprak,"Like a CRAZY polished and MUCH bigger SNOW. This game is a blast. I bought it on sale, $60 is a bit STEEP (see what I did there?)."
,Recommended,460920,30184304,Posted: 25 February,all,BigL.,THIS IS WHAT MAKES ME CHILL!!!!
76561198113753042,Recommended,460920,28174104,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LIFE ALERT CRIME PROTECTION,"this would be a 10 out of 10 game if there were snowmobiles!!!!!!! then it would be a truely open world game. and i did preorder but i see my goodies are locked until i preform a skill WTF!!! im tired of paying $$$ only for my items to be skill locked!!!!! I have a job, I have a life, i don't have 5 hours a day to play like a 14 year old wasting his life away gaming. I just want to pay and play for the hour i have!!"
76561198268668375,Recommended,460920,28175387,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AgentPaul,Amazing
,Recommended,460920,29328460,Posted: 17 January,all,Yellin' Screamin' Gordon Freeman,"I like it a lot, but I'm also a sucker for snowsports games. Reaching the level cap of 25 can be done pretty quickly, but actually doing every challenge (especially up to gold medal standards) will take a while unless you've entirely mastered the physics system and memorized every mountain face.Pros:-Huge amount of mountain terrain to explore with lots of unmarked stuff to find-Visually beautiful-Skiing and snowboarding have subtle differences that make each of them worth trying-Soundtrack is well-designed for snowsports with a good variety-Challenges are usually easy enough to get in one try-Replay editing makes you feel like an amateur Warren MillerCons:-Always online means you better be sure your connection is steady at all times-Multiplayer feels a bit tacked on, haven't really seen any sort of reason to play with others unless you really need a score multiplier boost-Physics are occasionally inconsistent, but no more so than Skate or any other extreme sports game-Not enough music in the soundtrack, you will hear repeats very often when you're restarting a challenge-Controls take a bit to get used to, mostly due to automapping the jump/ollie function to controller triggers-No grindable surfaces, which feels a bit glaring considering almost every extreme sports game has had this-Season Pass is not worth the price, and it's arguable that the base game price is a bit steep *badump tish*If you're looking for a game where you make your own fun setting up lines and editing your footage, then Steep is certainly going to give you a lot of playtime and material to work with. If you're looking for a next-generation SSX game, then you'd better keep looking."
76561197961267543,Not Recommended,460920,29072962,Posted: 6 January,all,Reakfat Gains,"would be a fun game, but i only got to play about an hour and a half when i closed the game and now it just crashes when it tries to load. i am above the min required at a fx8350 8gb ram and a r9 270x."
76561197970945172,Recommended,460920,32792126,Posted: 25 June,all,SwaKy,DOOOOO EEEEEEEEETTTTT!!!!!
76561198197398343,Not Recommended,460920,29973765,Posted: 16 February,all,refusedpunx,great game...................in theroy but please if see another see antother returning to main menu connection lost i will travel to france and destroy the ubisoft hq its not rocket science when did this online only rule come along did i miss the memo i dread to think what the next assassins creed far cry etc will become i pay for a game i want to play it not stare at a loading screen your turning into a cash for gold type enterprise ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
76561198072076903,Not Recommended,460920,30066578,Posted: 20 February,all,hazlett1988,this game is ok it is a fun concept but when you actually play the game it feels clumsy
76561198064070680,Not Recommended,460920,33752526,Posted: 23 July,all,Nexthyp3,"Some could say this isnt my cup of tea, I dont like the whole dlc setup and gameplay and I think it was slightly miss-advertised as a whole. Not happy really so applying for a refund."
,Not Recommended,460920,28736947,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Stellen Helision,"I was really hopeing I would love this game, I came in and thought, ""I FINALLY HAVE IT"".  I had bought the season pass also and it was fun for the first half hour or so.  Then it just got repetitive and boring.  I would NOT reccomend getting this game, unless it is on sale for 10$ (or whatever curency you have)."
76561198008193698,Recommended,460920,29266249,Posted: 14 January,all,FlamingPoop007,"10 stars! Controls, movement and tricks are very similar to real life. Graphics, landscape and the snow noises are absolutly beautiful. What is so cool is the fact this game is realistic you can ride how you want or do in real life and you can also ride like you would in your dreams. Best ski game I ever played. You can easily switch to skis, boots aka hiking, snowboard, paragliding, and squirrel suit anywhere on the slope as long as your stopped. I been playing this an hour a day sense I got it, it feels to real!"
76561198080330909,Recommended,460920,28153755,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MarKsMaN,"greatest game, mint visuals!"
,Not Recommended,460920,28211986,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,GooberDanger,"As an avid snowsports enthusiast I honestley wanted to like this game. You can choose to belive me, or write me off as some kid who has never been in snow a day in his life. I've been skiing for 9 years, and started snowboarding 2 years ago. I spend every weekend at our local resorts, and go after work during the week sometimes. Thats where I noticed the first issue on this game. The controls are very rigid feeling, movements simply don't transfer as expected and you notice the little bugs fairly  quickly. Theres no chance to catch your edges on either skiis or the snowboard and all you can do are basic grabs, spins and flips, which the mechanics for are absurd. There is almost no variation for park terrain and there are no boxes / rails present anywhere in the game. Gliding through pine trees poses no tree well risk, theres not really any hidden rocks or drops either. I wanted to love this game, but after 2 hours it just feels so stale already. The challenges are all ""go here and ride this"" ""go here and do 12 seperate backflips"" It's just not worth $60.Tl:dr I've been on mountains for years, the realisim in this game is completley missing, the missions get incredibly stale and it's just not worth $60 for a ""full game"". If there was more terrain, and a grinding system, more control over your ride ect. I would come back. But for now, it's time for the steam refund process."
,Not Recommended,460920,28671870,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,"Yu ""XiaoWeiXiao"" Xian",Ubisoft is learning from EA games. Make unfinished games with bad mechanics. The only thing that works in this game would be airsports and just downhill riding. Forget about tricks and all the fun parts of ski/snowboarding. Real life snowboarding is 10 times easier than this game. Talk about fun.Not worth paying for. Its more like a free to play kinda game.
76561197983567795,Not Recommended,460920,29331133,Posted: 17 January,all,Wild Samich,"I was hoping this game would have tight controls like SSX or Skate, but everything feels clunky. For a game based almost entirely around movement and speed, it's just not fun moving around. Almost every time I jumped or went off a jump it felt like all my speed was instantly lost, making each jump a dissapointment."
,Not Recommended,460920,29326506,Posted: 17 January,all,jangxx,"Not a lot of content and not really fun to play. My expectations were probably wrong, but playing this only made me want to play SSX again. If you expect fun tricks and super fluent controls, this game is not for you."
,Not Recommended,460920,33009999,Posted: 29 June,all,PARALLAX.,"not worth the price at all, but for like 30 bucks it is worth it MAYBE"
,Not Recommended,460920,28668529,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,EVERYDAY POMF,Will not let me log in.
,Not Recommended,460920,28874818,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Renshaw,"The game looks and sounds great, but the controls and gameplay just don't feel right.I played through the tutorial and it was looking promising. I liked that I could change between the different travel modes at any time, anywhere. Puzzling though, was the paragliding races...really pointless and boring.The main gripe I have with this game is how much momentum I lost from making jumps with my snowboard. On one course, I was speeding down the mountain and saw a sloped roof that I thought would make a nice launch pad for some tricks. Now you can't just speed up onto the roof and jump off. Instead, you'll hit the bottom of the sloped roof and fall down. So I figured I must be able to do a little hop onto the roof and then zip up and do my incredible jump! But no. Whenever I tried to jump onto a slope and use it to launch from, my speed dropped dramatically and well...failure.So where my journey really ended was right after the tutorial. I encountered a snowboard half-pipe. I don't know what I expected, but as I tried to get through, I just ended fizzling out at the bottom with no speed.I get it it...it's supposed to be realistic. No super jumps that can keep on giving. I guess I just wasn't prepared for how realistic this game wanted to present itself. It just isn't fun at all.I just have different expecations after growing up playing the SSX series. Pity that never came to PC!Summary: Controls are not great and the game tries to be too realistic for its own good."
76561198056266513,Not Recommended,460920,28929145,Posted: 1 January,all,raystar,"oh my god where to start, half of the methods to play are absolute joke the wingsuit controls like a robot and isn't fun to use. the parachute is slow and boring and also not fun to use. Skiing and snowboarding are the only worth wild mode to play the game in and they're basically carbon copies of each other, the soundtrack consists of four songs of which I had heard all of by the end of the tutorial. The speed at which you move is unconstant it'll seem to drop rapidly for no reason and takes any fun out of your ride, multiplayer offers no fun and the terrain of every map is uninteresting or at least I think it is since I was blocked off from a large section of the map. this would be fine if the map that I had access to was interesting whatsoever but its not. Tricks are a b**** to pull off and the game seems to throw arbitrary Point numbers your way that seemed to correspond very little to what you're doing you could have crashed your keys and I'll just pop up a number like 1204 and then do a triple backflip and get a number like 359, this makes actually pulling off tricks unrewarding and unnecessary. Some environmental objects that seem like they would be excellent to do jumps off of we'll just stop you in your tracks for no reason, not even crash you just flat-out stop you. for this variety of reasons I'll be returning the game and I won't be purchasing it again unless ubiesoft make some large changes to both the price tag and the game even if the sale price of $40 this was overpriced I wouldn't pay 15 for it in its current state, On the upside the game looks beautiful and runs pretty smoothly on my PC, but Graphics do not make a good game, the four songs that felt like they repeated weren't terrible as soundtracks go and the ambient sounds that weren't actual songs were pretty smooth, the idea behind the multiplayer isn't fundamentally flawed it's just not executed well interaction is minimal and since any race tracks are custom made by players using the lacklustre environment, racing isn't fun not because the multiplayer is bad but because Raceing isn't Fun in single player either the same goes for the other styles such as the Free Runs are the trick battles or whatever, maybe this game is just not for me but I can leave you a list if you were a big SSX fan or anything I don't think this game is for you, it won't offer that kind of high octane s*** or interesting environments, it actually makes me want to go back and play the most recent SSX which was a subpar game its self, but I would easily find myself enjoying it much more than steep. i have returned the game after just under 1 hour of play time and i got all this from that, if you think it get better latter go for it but i dont see it happening."
76561198064564102,Not Recommended,460920,28264892,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Chief Balls-Out,"I love this game. It's a beautiful representation of what it's like to ski, with a mountain that makes you feel like you have real freedom. But you can't play it offline, even though 80 percent of the time you aren't using the multiplayer capability. Please change this ubisoft."
,Not Recommended,460920,30746234,Posted: 26 March,all,Ninad1388,There is something seriously wrong with this game. Keeps hanging and crashing. Badly optimised. And my PC has good enough graphics to handle games like BF1/Mafia 3 with ease on high settings.Thanks steam for refund.
76561198021436363,Recommended,460920,28146190,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Simperius,Nice
76561198002121401,Not Recommended,460920,28871502,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,riverreveal666,"Sold as being able to play single player.1st run through after completing tutorial, theres real life players geting in my way as I try to complete challenges. No option to turn them off or make them invisible.Where is single player?Edit: there isnt one getting refund"
,Recommended,460920,32190303,Posted: 4 June,all,Grizzie,fun
,Not Recommended,460920,28925730,Posted: 1 January,all,God Himself,"To get straight to the point, this game is not worth the $40 on sale, much less the $60 it costs when not unless you absolutely know that this is the type of game you could never get bored of.Now, about 20 minutes of my almost two hour playtime was trying to get it to actually work, because I had to uninstall the game three times before it would stop crashing on start-up, so there's that. Once I got into the game is what pretty fun for a while, but I stopped in fear that I would exceed the two hour limit mark of essentially, ""free"" play time because I wasn't sure if I actually would play this game enough to put the $40 I spent to justice.Eventually the next day I came back and played for about 60 minutes, but thankfully stopped just in time before the 2 hour mark at 117 minutes.The thing is, the game is so linear that it's basically just five ways to go down the mountain till you get close enough to drop points and challenges to spawn at so you can then do those challenges to increase your rep to unlock spawn points higher up on the mountain so you can repeat the entire process.So like, here's a really bad analogy of the progression of Steep.Say Steep is like a layered fruitcake.The top of the cake is the top of the mountain, the bottom of the cake is the (you guessed it) bottom of the mountain.You start at the relatively bottom of the mountain with fruit surrounding you. The fruit represents challenges.Now, you start off doing the challenges around you, which gains you reputation.When you recieve enough reputation from challenges, you get to progress to the N E X T L A Y E R O F F R U I T C A K E .You start at the top of that new layer, and are tasked with making your way down the layer in any means you're given.Thus, the process repeats itself till you're at the top of the mountain.Pretty linear, if you ask me, since the challenges are basically split into two categories among all of the four sports.Skiiing and snowboarding which are on the ground has challenges split into two groups and they are either:-Ski/snowboard down the mountain as fast as you can.or-Ski/snowboard down the mountain at your own pace but you have to do tricks to get points.Wingsuiting and Paragliding are the other two sports which are a bit different.Wingsuiting challenges are either:-Wingsuit down the mountain as fast as you can, while going through the checkpoints.or-Wingsuit down the mountain while staying as close to the ground or other objects as possible.Paragliding goes like this:-Paraglide as fast as you can through some checkpoints.or-Paraglide at your own pace while doing some flips and♥♥♥♥♥♥Now these are pretty linear, making the game seem pretty repetitive after a while so unless you REALLY like the concept, you'll be wasting $40."
,Not Recommended,460920,28797519,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Doge,Sucks
76561198340754138,Not Recommended,460920,30025185,Posted: 18 February,all,ruru1967,Can anyone tell me why my game keeps crashing and i cant play it?! Please i want to play and i would proabably give a good review but i cant play and i dont know if its me or the game. tell me if you know thank you
60801508385253255,Recommended,460920,33016526,Posted: 29 June,all,i eat chalk,i love the game so much and i wish i got it sooner :D
,Recommended,460920,28169949,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nobody,IF YOU ARE NOT FAN OF THIS TYPE OF GAMES OR JUST GOREGEOUS GRAPHICS DONT BUY THIS GAME! I think people should see that. But anyways from what kind of this type games there are its the best with gorgeous graphic and awesome choice of songs.
,Recommended,460920,28139643,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Ｊｉｎｘａｙｙｙ 美学,"Awesome game!The graphics are incredibly good, your options are limitless and you can have so much fun, be it with or without friends.Definitely worth the money, you can have so much fun in this game!"
76561198150633646,Recommended,460920,32773934,Posted: 25 June,all,Gee WHiZZz,"this is the best game i've game ever played in my life my pc can't run it but i played it on a friends pc and it's for sure the best game i've ever played.the reasson why i have 0.2 hours pyed is because my pc can't run it like i said, no point keeping a game i can't play."
76561198019999814,Not Recommended,460920,30733687,Posted: 25 March,all,Saintpyro,"Classic Ubi soft game... meaning could be fun, has a ton of potential, but has hundreds of game breaking bugs.  main one for me is no sound at all after the opening cutscreen, have tried all of the fixes, nothing works."
76561198047808913,Not Recommended,460920,30806149,Posted: 28 March,all,Spectre,"Waste of $40.00...  The game won't run.  Just launcehs to a black screen, and sits there.  Way to go, Ubisoft.Update:  I did get it to run.  The issue is completely unnecessary second launcher for ubi-net, or whatever.  I basically have to force close the three related processes, and only then will the game actually work."
,Not Recommended,460920,29797522,Posted: 9 February,all,Rainey,Bought this game hoping for a 1080 snowboarding style reboot but Steep feels too mechanical. A shame because it looks gorgeous.
,Recommended,460920,28153795,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,It's the GREATH pumpkin H-Dog,This is one of my favorite games of 2016.
,Recommended,460920,35247007,Posted: 27 September,all,OmegaRaz,The game is good but if you do not have to play over 15 minutes it becomes boring!
76561198258878706,Not Recommended,460920,28598255,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,他好像一条狗啊,游戏虽好但是网络实在太差
76561198108209160,Recommended,460920,29325979,Posted: 17 January,all,Nick,Very fun
,Not Recommended,460920,28803564,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,YouthSchoolBoy,bad
,Recommended,460920,29704448,Posted: 4 February,all,i see whats happening heyare,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH YEEEEEEEEEEEEEA
76561198326950394,Not Recommended,460920,29403490,Posted: 21 January,all,Lil Snibs,gets very boring
,Recommended,460920,28251273,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,sncel,Best
76561198068601189,Not Recommended,460920,28514373,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,TheJangler,"The game ran for the first time for 8 hours. It then required two weeks of troubleshooting that ultimately was semi successful. The game runs again. Ubisoft support was less than helpful, many hours on google saved this game from being a total zero.The physics of the game are relatively broken. You can be going down the slope at full speed, hit a rock drop, conserve zero forward moment, and ride the rock drop down vertically to a total loss of speed.Skip this game."
,Not Recommended,460920,30763877,Posted: 26 March,all,Kaiouss,Doesn't launch. Returning for refund.
76561198137985474,Not Recommended,460920,34160621,Posted: 10 August,all,Dynasty Void,This is a stunning game and if you have the right specs it is so good to just look at however this game for me atleast was just hyped i looked at it and thought this looks good so i waited for a sale cause i didnt know if i wouldve loved it and thats what happened it was very annoying to having to create a Uplay and then add friends on there and i spent a good 30 minutes just trying to get my friend in the same game then i looked at yt this game is just a quick phase ive played 10 hours and its not really that fun unless you like to do the same challenge over and over and over and OVER again just to get a highscore and dont get me wrong i can do that in other games but this one it just gets boring so fast
,Not Recommended,460920,29248963,Posted: 14 January,all,BU11ZxX,hard to control meme = 0
76561198099441401,Not Recommended,460920,29398751,Posted: 21 January,all,Itrace4,"This game is great, if you paid 1/8th of the price or less. Played the beta for a dozen hours or so, played the final version. Would refund if I could. This would make a GREAT f2p game tho"
76561198331525711,Recommended,460920,29306403,Posted: 16 January,all,AKA-Howitzer,"This game is beautiful and i spend alot of time just looking around and exploringthe game can also be very calm and quiet,If you dont know already you can choose fromSkiing, wingsuiting, Snowboarding (personal favorite) and paragliding, soon they will addrocket wingsuiting and sledding possibly more.Ubisoft also announced that they will add more maps but they have only said  about Alaskaso farsadly you can only buy a season pass instead of seperatly buying pack 1,2,3Bugs: one major bug is rocks that turn into black holes (suck you towards them)i have only found that and one were my game crashes for 5 or more secs when someone leavesthe group (sometimes crashes game completely)ever since update 1.03 i cant get 60FPS on high but medium still looks lovelyHave Fun :)"
,Recommended,460920,29285682,Posted: 15 January,all,Harrie,"Steep is a really fun game! To be honest, it has some flaws, like the finnicky and hard to learn controls, some environmental bugs which make challenges hard and the way it tries to tell stories using random voiceovers. But man the freedom of this game is amazing, especially because there are no loading times. Next to that, audio, music and a sense of speed make it a thrill to ride and the mountain views (mainly due to the nice atmospheric effects) are beautiful. Recommended!Edit: the free alaska update is amazing! Contains some of the best challenges and a varied new mountain area."
76561198046676242,Not Recommended,460920,28172322,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,JimHalp3rt,Too many glithces and weird stuff like ads for the game inside the game like come on ubisoft
76561198087647925,Not Recommended,460920,30436556,Posted: 10 March,all,Klein_Scheiße,not worth it it doesnt have much to do and it feels like its repaeting itself after awhile
76561198053651807,Not Recommended,460920,35039919,Posted: 17 September,all,[Enter Name],This game is honestly incredibly fun. Worth the $80 I spent on it. But.... I have recently been getting problems with online multiplayer. I am never able to invite my friend into an group and my friend can't invite me. It just doesnt work. Nothing happens. So I really need this fix soon. Please Ubisoft!
76561198120375963,Not Recommended,460920,30948333,Posted: 4 April,all,soup_is_good_food,"I'm updating this review because originally I said I was torn on this game. I'm not torn anymore, Don't buy it. Even if its on sale don't buy it. The controls are simply not managable at all and the final straw is how terrible the navigation map is. It is impossible to travel around in this game with any kind of efficiency. The entire map is buggy and hard to use. Its just an awful interface.3 Pros:1)The game is beautiful.2)Like 1080 snowboardering with a fun open world feel3)Its easy to get fully immersed in this game's graphics when flying around3 Cons:1)The controls are terrible.2)Map is buggy and hard to use.3) I don't need a third con. These two problems are debilitating and suck the fun out of the game.In Conclusion, I DO NOT RECOMMEND this game. Its to hard to play. Whats the point in an open world game if you can't traverse it easily due to a bad map interface. Honestly, the only fun thing in this game is the wingsuit because the controls make sense, but good luck finding any wingsuit challenges on the map."
,Recommended,460920,32707232,Posted: 23 June,all,Soup,"Good Game!However, the best way I found to play this game is with anice-cold Redbull in my hand. Redbull gives me the energy I need to game-on through the night. The refreshing taste is acknowledged and drank by many top athletes such as Kris Bryant, Bobby Brown, and Geoff Aaron among others. Redbull gives them the power to play, and be the head of the competition. From day one, Redbull has been giving wings to people and ideas, setting many milestones in sports and culture. Unlike other companies, Redbull sets itself ambitious targets to further minimize its environmental impact and energy use. Redbull cans are lightweight and 100% recyclable. Recycling a RedBull can can take 95% less energy than creating a new one. Despite 80% of RedBull's energy being renewable sources, they also practice wall-to-wall production. This means the cans are filled and made at the same site. More than 12,700,000km of truck travel are saved each year thanks to Wall-to-Wall Production. So if you're going to be playing Steep, do yourself a favor and do it with a Redbull."
76561198010104101,Not Recommended,460920,28883668,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Icarian,Pros:gorgeous.great concept.nice atmosphere.wingsuit flying is great.Cons:it took me 28 hours to get gold on every mission/story. That's game completed. My philosophy with buying games is 1$=1hr. It didn't do that.Very expensive.The more time you spend in the game the more you realize they really rushed the physics engine. Thats not a good thing to do in a physics sandbox.The 'hard' missions(ski&snowboard) are usually you just fighting with the physics engine which is really obnoxious.Overall:If you really like the variety of sports especially the wingsuit and paragliding I'd say get this game. If you are mainly intrested in the skiing/snowboarding I'd give it a pass. The physics for the 'riding' sports are just not there.
76561198063894746,Recommended,460920,34766598,Posted: 5 September,all,KLan,總體來說還不是一款不錯的滑雪遊戲，不過組隊系統不夠完善
,Not Recommended,460920,28419484,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,BUTTFACE MCPOOP,"you stick like glue to everything! Game doesn't trust you to ski or snowboard on your own without its help. If you've ever played gears or uncharted, you know what happens when you go to cover from a few feet away and you magnetize yourself to the chest high wall? Just like that. Want a good game go play amped, 1080, ssx tricky."
,Not Recommended,460920,28625518,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Here comes Dat Boiiiiiiii,"it crashes all the time for me, i start it..... and then it crashes..."
,Not Recommended,460920,28831452,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ol' Pop Pop,"Crashes every time I launch the game, I cant even get to the menu..."
76561198064733083,Not Recommended,460920,29635956,Posted: 1 February,all,mesothelioma,"It's basically snow with useless flying mechanics and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mechanics for skiing.definatly not worth $60, glad i could refund this garbage"
76561198011484192,Not Recommended,460920,28206755,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,[SF] Jaydo,"In its current state and for the money it costs, this game can't get a realistic recommendation.Unless you have a group of friends who want to play Steep with you (in which case I want to look at you because I don't believe you exist) then you are limited to time-trial gameplay, where you just try to beat the best time or score for each challenge. You can't just cue up with 5 people to race down a slope. Yes, you can invite the players around you into a group but no one just asks strangers to group. That's not how life works. You awkwardly perform a silly ragdoll move at each other to show that you both agree how silly the game is and then you glide away like you got places to be, when in reality, all you want is a hug and to play together but you are too socially awkward to initiate further interaction. That's how life works. And anyway, there are only a couple of other people around you at any given time.On top of that, the game controls terribly and the physics are off. I am basically ripping the left stick out of its socket trying to push it to the side to make the character spin after a jump and he does exactly...nothing. When I use a wingsuit, I smash into rocks even though I feel like I was nowhere near them and at other times I seem to shovel the snow with my face and yet come out on the other side without a scratch. What seems to be like a slope that should send my snowboarder into orbit, instead slows me down to a complete stop, feeling like the biggest bummer of all time, every time. You can't glide over a little bit of rock. If you do, the game goes slows down as it shows you that you are losing your balance.If you got money to burn and you wanna relax  in a virtual snow world then I recommend this game, but I would wait until it drops in price, because at the moment it just doesn't have a lot to offer."
76561198048605107,Not Recommended,460920,32781729,Posted: 25 June,all,hugues.salamin,"Con: Overpriced, Interface confusing, DLCPro: Graphics OK I guess"
76561198044402295,Not Recommended,460920,28278924,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Wallet`,"Good game but MANY problems...Most missions are near impossible due to the falling mechanic and G-Force meter.. you will find yourself resetting for a challenge more than you actually enjoy playing the game. After every little hop or jump if you manage to get your character airborn for the jump you waste the G-Force meter causing you to fall uncontrolled.Not to mention how percise you need to be when hitting check points, they put them up mountains knowing you cant climb up to get it forcing you to reset and take the most extreme route to finish anything.This game has alot of bugs in it aswell, it needs alot of work and a rethink of how they designed the challenges4 / 10 for me, specifically for the graphics and nothing else, Gameplay is terrible"
,Not Recommended,460920,28285047,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,"Uups, sorry! Like a Boss!","How to start? I played this game now for about 2 hours and I think it's graphical a wonderful game. A little bit weather could be nice so you have a few more differences.However when it comes to controlling I think Ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ed up. I played a few more Snowboarding and Skying games bevore and when it comes to the point to prepare the rotation after a jump everybody allowed to prepare the rotation bevore the jump. Ubisoft goes like... ""Nope we won't allow that"". When you are used to the other mechanic Skying and Snowboarding in this game is the pure horror because you ♥♥♥♥ everything up.Even if you are not used to this mechanic is not even to handle because the terrain isn't always that clear.If you want to have a few nice sights with this game you find what you seek. If you want to play a smooth Snowboarding or Skying game don't buy."
,Recommended,460920,30601756,Posted: 18 March,all,Basli,"Snowboarding 10/10if you ski in this game your a massive nerd, 0/10 for skisoverall 10/10 would 360 again"
,Recommended,460920,28176733,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Vanguards,This game is above all just amazing xbox one and also on the pc.......screw thos ps4 peeps.....just kidiing. This game is a sociall winterland hub of awsomeness rolled up into a winter fun filled california winter burrito. Do they get winter in cali? But all joking aside this game is the best extreme sports game ever to date. the socail aspect of this game is a masterpiece to behold. the callenge of the lines are amazing. You can ride this mountain and never have a dull line......this game is a must buy. So what are you waiting for go get your hands on a copy!
,Not Recommended,460920,28580769,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sharia Lawbeouf,"It unfortunately crashed three times within half an hour of playing, forcing me to get a refund. I can see that this game would be fun as hell for some people, but for me there wasn't enough guidance. Definitely for those who want to do whatever the hell they want and find that they can get several hours of enjoyment without any guidnace. Be wary, buyers - it crashed 3 times for me. Wah."
76561198184309358,Not Recommended,460920,29140344,Posted: 9 January,all,shinmattsou,"Glorified walking simulator with great graphics. Got it through the winter sale, still felt ripped off (considering i also bought other games during this period). thankfully steam refunded my copy despite 2 attempts on my side, now i can use the money to buy other games instead"
,Not Recommended,460920,30742094,Posted: 25 March,all,DXralation,why the game always crashed! I just understand what the problem. Daily crashed that begun the game and crashed. How wonderful potato server!
,Not Recommended,460920,33632305,Posted: 18 July,all,tempdot O.o,"YOU ARE (will always be) IN OFFLINE MODE.Unless UBIsoft take notice and fix the connection problem in China, the review is NO NO NO NOO NOOOOO."
,Not Recommended,460920,28922563,Posted: 1 January,all,s p o o k,Ok well lets start off with i think this game was way to over hyped i mean its fun for the first 10-20 mins but after that it just gets reptative. its butiful but i dont think 79.99 is really worth oh those mountains look nice and you can get a game that is just like this but you can only snow board its called SNOW. the games modes like paragliding skiing and wingsuiting and snow boarding just get reptative the only fun one is wingsuit. and also i would like to note that i never felt in control of my guy i like feeling in countrol mostly because this game is 79.99. ennnnyyy ways that my review for steep
76561197987715041,Not Recommended,460920,29122196,Posted: 8 January,all,chiru.alexandru,"worst game I have ever played...the controls are from 1995 - 2000 period, it takes up all the resurces of the PC and for what??!  no enviroment interactions, nothing...did you even bother consulting this before release with one of the free riders out there for a review ?? and for that price you ..are you serious ? GTA3 had better character controls and it was launched in 2001 !!"
,Not Recommended,460920,28723129,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,99,Dont like it
,Recommended,460920,29435450,Posted: 22 January,all,Johnny Dollar,"If you french fry when you want to pizza, you're gonna have a bad time...This official review brought to you by Red Bull(tm) and GoPro(tm)"
,Recommended,460920,30700836,Posted: 24 March,all,AceOfBlades,Ubi Did A Good This Time
76561197999109422,Recommended,460920,28148264,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,VapeGawd,YEET!
,Recommended,460920,29336810,Posted: 18 January,all,Swexxn,"Such a beautiful game, awesome gameplay. Fun and addictive. Hard to play with keyboard though."
76561198025751772,Not Recommended,460920,30914741,Posted: 2 April,all,bfricka,Using an XBox One controller very buggy on PC. Not recommended.
,Recommended,460920,28296226,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Saint James =Vespertine=,"I haven't played much, but all i have to say is that the soundtrack is awesome!*Make sure you turn on copyright music in settings*Edit: Use the wingsuit and fly straight into the cliffside"
,Recommended,460920,28412013,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,BigGuy,Yeah.
76561198018632092,Not Recommended,460920,28243180,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,iles948,"Looked promising at first . Played for a while , but now unable to play due to Uplay . Unable to connect to server ! No further advice or help . All other steam games playable , and no internet or network problems . Last game I will purchase from Ubisoft ."
76561198027055225,Not Recommended,460920,29930118,Posted: 14 February,all,Edelweiss,"Nice cosmetics, but this game actually lacks physics and game itself. Quite often riding is not fun at all and doesn't seem like real snowboarding or skiing. And yes - you can miss finish gate and lose all your progress because finish mark point is smaller than gate actually.Ubifail. Again."
76561198191380885,Not Recommended,460920,28462564,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tkhood,"The game was cool, now it just crashes. I guess becuase of the last update.. Im running it on a MSI Dominator."
,Not Recommended,460920,28896904,Posted: 1 January,all,meltz (◕_◕),"This is the kinda game you play for a few hours then forget about, it dosen't really give you the urge to play on."
,Recommended,460920,28141428,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,CaptainR1,"very nice gameplay,,  but why seem like error when do a mission or free walk the word missing?? cant see the objective mission,, my file game error or this patch problem??"
,Not Recommended,460920,32615347,Posted: 21 June,all,Luram,"Although this game as a game is gorgeous and beautiful, ubisoft screwed up with their dlc content policies and managed to ruin it...buy the base game screw the dlcs, its enough already"
76561198014984761,Not Recommended,460920,28298585,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Laneosity,"With a heavy heart, I am about to write a negative review for a game I bought myself as a birthday present.The game eats up a lot of GPU resources, the controls are absolutely awful (in my opinion), and the gameplay is astonishgly boring for how badly i've wanted this game for the last month. I snowboard IRL and can't go that often and this is a let down. Anyone who wants this game should wait for a massive sale (50%).I'm so sad writing this. I hope you all understand that I come from a very helpful place. This game is beautiful and the world is great but I expected so much more.I wish I could even offer constructive feedback but I can't until the controls are changed to make the actual experience fun."
,Not Recommended,460920,30506522,Posted: 14 March,all,Freebie,"what can I say? Its practically Shaun Whites surf boating with updated textures and levels. Besides the awkward jump button and laggy input response its a pretty okay game. The reasons I would not recommend this game include the sad G Force mechanic, the input lag, the overall buggy terrain, the slight luck factor and its lame music.The G Force mechanic is your biggest enemy in this game. It adds an unnecessary realism to the game that sometimes gets too real when you are going for the quad front off a cliff side with 4 seconds hang time. The best part is when you are carving at a reasonable speed and hit a hidden lip causing you to catch slight air, do a 90 degree spin resulting in a topped out meter.Lets talk about the input lag. This mainly concerns the jump button. When approaching the lip of a jump you may hit another one of those tiny hidden jumps which causes your preloaded jump to cancel out. This leaves you riding of the main lip without any hang time and can really grind you gears. This occurs quite often. Another input lag issue regards flips and spins. I believe a month into the games release they apparently fixed flips and spins. On its first month of release you flipped or spun by flicking the stick right after you released jump. Once you figured that out things got fairly consistent. After the update they changed the flip and spin controls so that you could flick yo stick almost any time around jump release. The problem now is that its somehow less consistent as it was before. Now when you go for that quad frontflip off a big ole cliff you may end doing a single flip at an extremely slow rate. Very steezy looking, but not really good for racking up points.The terrain is A+ in this game. Gorgeous and realistic as all hell. The main issue with it is that it can get rather buggy sometimes. It mostly has to do with structural terrain. You will be mobbin at a jump, preload jump button, hit the bottom of transistion and all of a sudden half your speed disapears, you release jump and do 1.5 flips and land right on your face. If you have ever hit steep transistion in real life wether on a skateboard, bike or skiboard, you know you have to do a little hop  while transistioning in order to retain most of your speed. Unfortunately the game nor you (with jump) can accomplish this resulting in a lousy jump. When flying down a mountain it can sometimes be hard to spot small relief. If you are turning at high speed and manage to catch air off of it you will spin and you will goof up your clean g force meter if you manage to ride it out. Its like in real life. Almost as real as doing a quad fronty off a large cliff side.The luck factor is strong with this game. Expect to retry some challanges hundreds of times. This is mainly due to reasons listed above. Your multiplier is not easy to earn and will go away with any wipeout. wiping out due to reasons listed above  is common even with your taller than dad ""vidya game skill level"".The music is pretty lame. Feels like you are in a modern Disney movie. Where is DIO? Why no Jay zed? No Bhi Bhiman? They have included an option to turn off copyright music. This option is gauranteed to play some tunes you have never heard before but the selection seems microscopic.If you purchase this game and manage to hit Play, expect to become a slave to it. My ""Y"" button on my wired Xbox controller has been squished thousands of times from constantly retrying challenges.Thanks for reading. Add me if you want to master debate about this game."
76561197991227127,Not Recommended,460920,28391144,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Dobby240,"I really really wanted to write a positive revew for this game but after a few hours of just constant restarting my objective i can't say anything good other than ""It looks pretty""Turning is a chore.The tricks looks good but try jumping when you actually want to to execute them... doesn't always work out.unless you have VR, to play the game with any chance of winning is a very slow process as you get the feel of how fast your actually going.When you get to the point of actually seeing a nice big jump, i have found that the run up to said jump was so ♥♥♥♥ing bad that it made it impossible to use. and when you finnaly got to the end and jumped you dont have enough speed to clear the gap because the run up was so bad.The G meter is a massive hinderance because of it making you randomly bail every now and again because of the lack of control you have.I'v seen this game on steam and bought it over Infinite Air. I wish i could get my refund because forty quid is way to much for it. It uses some of the same sounds as assassins creed and Far Cry sometimes which really breaks the atmosphere.Overall pretty disapointed, wish i could get a refund and the controls break the game more than anything i have ever bought. This is the last game i buy from UBISOFT i said this once before but far cry 3 and 4 were so good (for the stroy line and gameplay) that i went back on it.EDIT: Still don't recommend it. even after alot of playtimeWhen your rushing to a check point thats 5 minutes away the game either decides it's not going to take my controller commands and won't turn or brake and end slamming a tree every ♥♥♥♥ING time. I hate this game becuase it brings no satisfaction to me, if i wanted to be♥♥♥♥♥♥at snowboarding i would go on holiday and do it. But when it comes to getting away from reality for a bit the game tries it's realistic, badly made, rubbish on me. I would be fine if i could do what i asked the game to do rather than having it straight up ignored and then left to watch my char flair for 10 minutes downhill to just get up and shake it off.."
76561198310543680,Not Recommended,460920,28321793,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,?Farmskins.com,"this game is VERY unpolished, in the hours I've played I've gotten stuck and flown out of rocks, been bounced backwards off of a jump and have been a victim of unresponsivew controls, with a controller and keyboard. I also do not recommend anyone buy this game unless they are a fan of terrible ragdoll design, having their arms turned into helicopters and spun down an entire mountain, getting KOed by falling on flat ground, and rolling for literal HOURS (I left my computer on and went to do things and when I came back I was still rolling). Steep obviously only had work put into it's visuals, and character design. There are levels that are practically impossible because of thoughtless objects strewn willy-nilly in front of checkpoints, and junps that could only be landed by someone with springs fpr legs"
,Not Recommended,460920,32795020,Posted: 25 June,all,Evja,"+ fun to explore from high mountain-tops- no real time races, not even against the computer- bad OST- bad customization- badly implemented online- input lagGame is not worth the price, the size, or your time. Wish I played less so I could refund it."
,Not Recommended,460920,28879726,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Ardarema,Great game but it seems that the main focus are the challanges than freeroam. The charecter moves by itself. Sometimes you can't go forward when you spawn somewhere.
76561198074171113,Not Recommended,460920,28269892,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Hannah Baker,Its an awesome game for exploration and extreme sports but its just not worth the price tag
,Recommended,460920,30429623,Posted: 10 March,all,of3k,.
,Recommended,460920,28253245,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Bigfoot,Me like
76561198122428715,Recommended,460920,30601538,Posted: 18 March,all,Skatordouch4567,It's good for about 1 day then it gets boring...
,Recommended,460920,30613885,Posted: 19 March,all,Th3 p3ngu1n 0f d00m csgobig.com,yuo can be unicorn ;D)
,Not Recommended,460920,29258622,Posted: 14 January,all,Bababooey,"The ""feel"" in this game is just awful.  It's an interesting concept, but the execution is bad.  I'd stay away."
76561198083665046,Not Recommended,460920,29389061,Posted: 20 January,all,deppkg,worst snowboarding game i've ever played
,Recommended,460920,28817378,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Plant,"♥♥♥♥ing terrible waste of money pile of dog♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥controls, no air stability, ♥♥♥♥ing trash never buy this god awful atrosity of a game"
76561198118552880,Recommended,460920,29305193,Posted: 16 January,all,UNCLE GUBSY,its like the good tony hawk skating games but with snow
,Not Recommended,460920,29328992,Posted: 17 January,all,Johntheblack99,"Tried running it, Error DE-005-02.Couldn't get through the intro without disconnecting. No offline mode. Do Not Buy."
,Not Recommended,460920,28766836,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BnWolfy,I dont know why people like this game. I tried it for 20-30 minutes and IT WAS TERRIBLE. Let me explain i thought this was gonna be an amazing freestyle ski/snowboard game where i can do back flips  and ollies and Front flips OH YEAH!!!! WRONG this game doesnt have any of this its just boring riding down the mountain. TERRIBLE physics and feels like you are carrying an anvil on your bag since you just go down from every singleslide.You have to go at insane speeds to even do a jump of a cliff. Also the develepors couldnt bother making a story. Because who needs it ? to be honest its not the first time im let down by ubisoft *cough cough* Watch dogs *cough cough*. Thank god i was able to refund it
,Not Recommended,460920,29178976,Posted: 11 January,all,PIRATE MAN,"every time i launch the game it brimgs me into the menu and i cant do nothing from there, does anyone know whats wrong with it?"
76561198140307708,Recommended,460920,28141204,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pyr0CZ//#*,Love this game....
76561198111843280,Not Recommended,460920,28397671,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Greyheart287,I meet all requiments but idk what's wrong with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Uplay thing  they need to make sure people don't have issues with a game and maybe make sure things work before hand. Yes I am giving a bad review before playing the game because unlike most games one shouldn't have to try all kinds of crazy stuff to get a game working in the first place. I suggest anyone to wait till they fix these problems first.
,Not Recommended,460920,28259842,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,'',Pretty bad in my opion the controls are still clunky and unrefined. the timing is off for anything related to tricks. the paragliding is at best a cheep afterthought. if you lose connection during the tutorial it breaks it and wont allow you to continue. and to tie it all together uplay kept having random little pop ups that made the game lose focus. i have requested a refund and will be telling my friends not to buy this game.
,Recommended,460920,29355323,Posted: 19 January,all,ToKKi,출시 때 6만원 주고 샀으나 콘텐츠가 가격대비 매우 적어서 환불. 다만 게임은 재밌음. =/ 한두시간 하면 할 거 없음
76561198257308537,Recommended,460920,28164231,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Daniel222,good game worth the money
,Not Recommended,460920,28911186,Posted: 1 January,all,Bawmie,another poorly optimized port from ubishit. 3/10 would refund again
,Recommended,460920,28709598,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tat2shawn,"saw this game on youtube, got game, got hyped when it was done loading and I could play, than I never got past the loading screen because it kept crashing, unless this is fixed I basicly gave away 40 dollars, but however. I do still want to play this game greatly and from what I've seen I reccomend it"
,Not Recommended,460920,28923673,Posted: 1 January,all,Ello My Brudda,"Very unrealistic and glitchy around rocks.Pros:-cool idea-good soundtrack-always in god mode <--- but no risk so never mindCons:-seems like no effort was put into game-can see under world when you wipe out-is buggy around rocks-can't hike-can't fast travel to places not spotted-muliplayer is weak-fast travle glitches-no personalisation-can only be a hippie dude (no women)-player grunts a lot-the guy that talks to you always says stupid things-tell you that you are good even when you suck-its $40 on sale as of Dec 31, 2016-can't skip intro-graphics suck for 2016-2017-jumping is bad-not at all close to any of these sports-no riskDo not spend your money on this!!! even though the thumb nail is cool!!"
76561198117030750,Not Recommended,460920,28689308,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Taneljo #Helgelan,♥♥♥♥♥game.... got to play a couple of hours before it stopped to sync my game files or some♥♥♥♥♥♥..... now i cant sucsessfully start the game and play it anymore... have searched online and tried everything written on reddit etc...... So ♥♥♥♥ing bad... why use Uplay?
,Recommended,460920,28842906,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,99,Online Gaming AllowedOnlyGrab Your Friends AndEnd Up Being SinglePlayer Once And For AllWhenever YouMet Other PlayersWhat In Your Head is Nothing Else But To Group And Steal Their Map Then Quit Team Before They Steal YoursAnd Your Favorite SongWill Never Be Played Until You Are In A New Hard Race Where You Know You Will Be Dead In SecondsBuy It!And You Will Be Sorry
76561198331189736,Not Recommended,460920,28243939,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,thespeedingbullet,IT WON'T WORK!!!
,Recommended,460920,28625633,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,h00v3r,squa
,Not Recommended,460920,29072770,Posted: 6 January,all,๖ۜCaptian_spallding๖ۜ,do not but this game its a pice of sh*t!!!!!!!
76561198103814100,Not Recommended,460920,32787352,Posted: 25 June,all,ME HOY MINOY,LOTS of stuttering on anything medium and higher on a GTX 1080 and an i7 6700k. Refunded so fast. It was like this on BETA too (6 hours playtime there).
,Not Recommended,460920,29410365,Posted: 21 January,all,Korla Plankton,"Well, it was nice while it ran. Doesn't run anymore, though! Any game that requires this much troubleshooting isn't worth it."
76561198096097375,Not Recommended,460920,28931435,Posted: 1 January,all,daafies,overpriced. rather by a lift ticket with that money
,Not Recommended,460920,33545139,Posted: 14 July,all,PIXTHEPENGUIN,"this game was a complete waste of $60. Terrible. The game seemed like fun when i first started then after the first hour it got a little dull. the graphics are amazing They are so good that at the lowest setting unless you have a really good pc, you will get about 10 fps. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. this game would be less of a rip-off if it was about $5-$15."
76561198055970153,Not Recommended,460920,28248900,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Habib Jiwali,"This game looks pretty fun. Unfortunately I can't play it because Ubisoft requires you to always be online, and Steep will not work on university wifi. Ubisoft support was not helpful, and the game still disconnects after around 5 minutes of gameplay. Just requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,460920,28270665,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,ku,Overpriced af.
,Not Recommended,460920,28571502,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,z3bru,"Bought the game , and for some reason I can only use Russian and simmplified Chinese languages . Amazing 12 language support I'd say . Started the game , it cant fit  my screen resolution , and there is no way to fix it , had to disconnect my second monitor to attempt again , nope nothing changed . I've just requested my refund ."
,Not Recommended,460920,28518629,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pulse,"I downloaded this game, and I played it for a whole day, then the next day every time I would launch it, it would crash. It still has the problem and I can't fix it. Also, I can't request a refund because I have played 9 hours."
76561198274144298,Not Recommended,460920,34758163,Posted: 5 September,all,or2003,"its look good in the pictures, its look good in the game, the grafhics are so good and  vey high quallty but this game is got bored after 2-5 hours , if you will play with friends its can be very more fun"
,Not Recommended,460920,28574141,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Your Dad's Best Friend,"Played for an hour, worked perfectly, next day it crashes at start up. I see we're following the trend of releasing unfinished games yeah, ubisoft? Utter rubbish. If no patch is out to fix this issue soon I want a refund."
,Not Recommended,460920,35053997,Posted: 18 September,all,Neefesto,My god this game frustrates the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me!
,Not Recommended,460920,35272280,Posted: 28 September,all,Enny,"Broken unplayable game. Would be 7/10 if it was playable, but as is I give it a 3/10."
76561198055413199,Not Recommended,460920,33423803,Posted: 9 July,all,AnarchyRoad,"You know what, this game had a chance to actually be something great, But if you can see this review, understand that this game is actually a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ They literally force this game to be anti-fun. You cant even just ride around without one of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game mechanics ♥♥♥♥ing you. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbage."
76561198141747765,Recommended,460920,29328373,Posted: 17 January,all,brianisaboy,Its a really good game I love it!
,Not Recommended,460920,28704096,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TomLeBadger,"As with 90% of ubisoft games ive ever purchased, it didn't launch. Bought it, tried to fix it for hours, gave up, refunded it the same day, thank Gaben. The error I was getting seems pretty hard to find, so it's another that ubisoft have brushed under the carpet and pretended doesn't exist I guess. The only mention of it is on multiple forums but not Ubisofts own, I assume they are up to the ussual tricks of deleting threads.Defunct game, Do not buy!"
,Not Recommended,460920,28232276,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,GBowTheKing,"Everyone seems to be having trouble playing this game together. Would be a good game but not only can you not join friends most of the time, usually it seems like your dc'ed from the servers all together, cause you'll often feel like you're the ONLY one playing the game. The game is fun but yeah.....the online play is just terrible. Fix and I'll update my review. ^^"
,Not Recommended,460920,28205315,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,theBravo,The game still has very active crashing issues. I feel like i'm playing No Mans Sky again. Don't buy until fixed.
,Not Recommended,460920,28206333,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Takeya Saito,"the multiplayer is crap, only active in events and mostly against ghosts, thats not proper multiplayer, i wanted to see people ridding about, exploring together and so on, that would be multiplayer, not this"
,Not Recommended,460920,29173479,Posted: 10 January,all,Micwithoutthek,"So i had this game for roughly 2 hours. Let me say, it wasnt a bad game but it was not a good game either. It looks great. It plays well, so what the issue?Control.Its use of the buttons, the joysticks the triggers is downright awful. You try to do a trick and all the sudden you are bak at the start of the hill because you instead started the run over again. You try to change to flight suit mode, and you just faceplant . If the controls were at least decent, i would have not returned it. But at this point, the controlls make this game practically unplayable. It is a great looking game and i wanted it so badly to be a mix between Amped 3 and SSX. But instead i got a remake of Epyx Winter Games.5/10."
76561198063323943,Not Recommended,460920,35054220,Posted: 18 September,all,Sloof Lirpa,A truly boring snowboarding game. How do you miss the opportunity for server-based open world play with other players?
76561198287892419,Not Recommended,460920,28204140,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,AzogSniper92,it doesent work he stays in startup and then crash
76561198071058711,Not Recommended,460920,30384533,Posted: 7 March,all,mott18,"pretty crappy right now got the game when it first came out now all it does is make me angry that i can go over and inch of snow and die off 200 G force, so some spots in the game are brokenwill wait till this game is patched up a bit then might pick it up again"
,Not Recommended,460920,28342209,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Stef,"Despite jumping through completely unreasonable hoops (uninstalling and reinstalling software/drivers, different loading priorities) just to get a FULL RELEASE $60 game to run, nothing fixed the problem of the game running extremley slow, about 1-3 FPS at best, and ridiculously laggy. No where even close to playable on a pc with an AMD FX 8350 cpu, Nvidia GTX 970 gpu, 32 GB memory that has no trouble running Doom (2016) at 1080p, 60 FPS, and every possible setting on Ultra.  No excuse for this to happen. No interest in any more Ubisoft games."
76561198139095697,Not Recommended,460920,28917405,Posted: 1 January,all,Walter Motrin,"Glitchy and unplayable, crashed after the first 30 minutes, thats the quality you can expect from ubishit and their day 1 dlc for a 60$ game"
,Recommended,460920,28680647,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DreaMy^ 범고래,♥♥♥♥in peng dawg
,Recommended,460920,28144304,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,FunGames300,Best game ever!
76561198325865676,Not Recommended,460920,34733557,Posted: 4 September,all,thetreeofgames,"What is it?! I opend the game and there is snowy UBISOFT, but it only for a few second and then it just closes."
,Not Recommended,460920,30612078,Posted: 19 March,all,Dxngxr,"Brief Overview. This game gets very boring, very easily. Not worth the price wanted to ♥♥♥♥ing die after the first couple of hours."
76561198084322718,Not Recommended,460920,28629841,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gunnar,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game dont buy it. It crashes evry ♥♥♥♥ing time. DONT BUY THIS.// ♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft
76561197981141316,Not Recommended,460920,28224845,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Viralwashburn,"At first I liked this game a lot, reached max level and all. But i started noticing that you fall for twice as long in a challange, as to when in Free roam, you're up almost instantly! Even from the worse falls. Which was just a flat out lazy way of making missions harder. Pathetic. Completely ruins the point of learning any mechanic when you BARELY FALL like 1.6g's and then roll for a mile across moderately sloped incline at 1mph till you just barely pass the checkpoint that you cant turn back for and now must restart...AND THAT HAPPENS A LOT!Oh and another really annoying error. YOU'RE CHARACTER'S OUTFIT RESETS AFTER EVERY. SINGLE. LOG OUT! SO FRUSTRATING!DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! IT IS JUST TRIALS FROM XBOX, BUT ON SNOW!? RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART  RESTART...."
,Recommended,460920,32941394,Posted: 28 June,all,torrija,it's ok
,Not Recommended,460920,28205549,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,yannmaxp,"First of all: Very last product bought from ubisoft.Ok nothing to say about the game, but beware If you live in china or russia you'll have to speak/read in those languages if you want to play the game. NO OPTIONS TO PLAY IN ENGLISH!!!!!!!! So yeah, as always, Screw you Ubisoft. BTW check your HQ in Shanghai there are more foreigners than chinese (it's a fact i was there). You goddam know steam gamers in china aren't chinese. So, ♥♥♥♥ you! ♥♥♥♥ whoever had this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ idea. You guys better come with a fix for this issue, Quick.For the gamers elsewhere, the game is cool, But remember buying from those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s is encouraging such behaviour to become common. Please stahp. Also I feel it's quite sad, most of us have learned english through videogames you are therefore keeping population away from english. Oww and my friend bought this game in France plays in english, last time I've checked english is still not a national language so stop with the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!.So. Screw you, Screw you, Screw you."
76561198308366472,Not Recommended,460920,31051651,Posted: 9 April,all,TheCatsAttack,"I thought his was amazing but haven't played it in a while probably going to get a refund because the game is you snowboarding down a glazed mountain of snow. Boring to me. Its like real life snowboarding. Its fun to do it once or twice.Do i recommend mostly No, but if you really dont want to listen to this review and want it I would suggest to buy it on sale."
,Not Recommended,460920,28579655,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Flipster,Got it on sale. The controls are absolutely terrible. They are nearly unresponsive half of the time
,Not Recommended,460920,28518288,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,minhree,smh thought a game like this ould be fun..
,Recommended,460920,28140364,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,eeeeeeeeeeeeee boiiiiiiiiiiii,THE BEST GAME EVER MADE
,Not Recommended,460920,28152575,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Achillezzz,"I like skiing quite a bit. I thought this would be fun. However, the jump mechanics are completely broken. You come zooming up to a hill (big or small) and you barely takeoff when you hit the hill. Its almost as if your stuck to the snow. Not sure why they'd do this but definitely *not* fun."
76561197967549035,Not Recommended,460920,29581079,Posted: 30 January,all,Shimmay,"Oh weird, it's Ubisoft and it's crap..Buy this if you wanna have fun for a couple days and then hate the fact that you spent 60 bucks on this.It's fun at first, but riddled with bugs that will annoy the hell out of you and make challenges very difficult based off of bugs rather than personal skill.♥♥♥♥ ubisoft, and ♥♥♥♥ everything they do. Another amazing idea,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ed by ubisoft."
76561198302995636,Not Recommended,460920,30673749,Posted: 22 March,all,i will stuff you in the crust,stupidly unusable uplay and wont let me join a game
,Not Recommended,460920,28191740,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,TakeItKeysie,Two of the things I enjoy most in life are videogames and snowboarding... But unfortunately videogames and snowboarding must not be able to go with eachother because this game is god aweful
76561198064064306,Not Recommended,460920,28824730,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,velocity818,Fix the ♥♥♥♥ing game please!!! i have paid 55 dollars for this game only to find out that it doesnt even launch up properly. i have tryed everything on the net to try and fix it but nothing works. if anyone knows how to fix this please help me
76561198130492689,Not Recommended,460920,28276700,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Tigermoth24,just crashes on launch
76561198130563615,Not Recommended,460920,28257638,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,a username,"Steep is a cool game, but it needs work. it crashes alot, its glitchy, the tutorial is WAY too long, etc."
,Not Recommended,460920,30637446,Posted: 20 March,all,Guardian_Angel,I don't even know how desperate should I've been to purchase this piece of self-repeating crap for 40$.
76561198169538407,Not Recommended,460920,28552258,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,woolynuff,PLAIN AND SIMPLE **** UBISOFT **** THIS GAME AVOID IT AT ALL COSTS. It will not run AMD or Nvidia GPU's with the last patch how ****** is that crap. Unless you want to burn money which would be better used to wipe your *** with than buy this crap.
76561198006728109,Not Recommended,460920,28210218,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,const,Not as good as it seems.The free roam is not that much fun if you expect variety.The controls felt horrendous.Jumping to perform tricks had to be well timed otherwise it would not execute moves(Yes even with the safety off).Airtime gained through falling off something did not let me execute any trick either which is plainly stupid.Weird unresponsive controls. For example turning around with ski proved difficult
76561198038707755,Not Recommended,460920,29411823,Posted: 21 January,all,REVERENDDOC,IT TOTALLY SUCKS
,Recommended,460920,32824531,Posted: 26 June,all,☢Hanging Monkey Killer☢,l
,Not Recommended,460920,33212238,Posted: 3 July,all,MrMcFries,Dont buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,460920,32819862,Posted: 26 June,all,rbeach,so boring
76561197972327655,Not Recommended,460920,28269947,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,C1ic,dog♥♥♥♥♥♥unresponsive controls
,Not Recommended,460920,28253556,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Cholo Dicoporolta,Have not been able  to get past main menu since buying the game and its horrible connection issues. TERRIBLE
,Not Recommended,460920,32259693,Posted: 7 June,all,Edna,Not worth ♥♥♥♥ing 80 bucks
76561198330873191,Not Recommended,460920,28256221,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,studsplitter45,I have been playing the game for four days i find it very good. Suddenly today it won't go further than the last loading screen and i can't play it anymore... very dissapointed.
76561197965738427,Not Recommended,460920,28353081,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Holden Manutz,Controls are sluggish.
76561198187134277,Not Recommended,460920,32331166,Posted: 10 June,all,Turtle417,"This game was actually really fun..... when i could ACTUALY PLAY IT! now every time i launch the game the pixles are big and glichy like looking through a kolido scope (or however you spell it) and i cant see what is goin g on at all! I would recommend this game if it actually worked for me. so if the developers read this, please fix my problem because this is actually a very fun game. (hope i get my moneys worth, which i wont if the dont fix it)"
,Not Recommended,460920,28392642,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,BIBBYHD,Uplay is Aids
,Not Recommended,460920,30770280,Posted: 27 March,all,Falukorv,No.
76561198315553493,Not Recommended,460920,28300200,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,NATIVE RAZER,"This game... What I wanted was a good sport game. + for being a winter X game. However, the game lookes okay.... game play amazingly feels like being on rails. sure you can go off do what you want. The game really does not like this however. It bugs you at every turn to ""do the objective, or try this event!"" dumb refuned, not worth my time or money."
76561198012427560,Not Recommended,460920,31717759,Posted: 13 May,all,Dawnmarro,"STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I wish i never spent money on this crap. Sure the game is fun, but only when it works... I bought this game with my brother and we were able to play with eachother once. Ever since then from launch day to today 5/13/2017 we can't join eachother.Newest bug i've found is i can't even play the f'ing game with my xbox one s controller. it works in game for a couple secconds then out of no where all the buttons don't work.I have tried to contact support multiple times, and they were of no help. Very sad to see the first bug still exsist after so long in a blockbuster game.I even bought gold version on launch. (BIGGEST MISTAKE) The free game on steam called Snow works better then this crap. Now i have all this DLC to play, with no way to play it. It's defiantly not a Keyboard game. you can use keyboard, but why?If i could i would get a refund for everything. I wanted one early on because of the glitch that i can't play with my friends, but ubisoft kept saying it's not their fault and a refund isint possible. greedy #@#*&"
,Not Recommended,460920,28437374,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Jim The Corn Cracker,"♥♥♥♥♥controls, a meaningless story, and the most laughable excuse for a tutorial I've ever seen.Start game = Start Uplay a few times before the game will ever begin to start starting.Once in you start on top of a slope ready 2 shred. Unless you're like me in which case it's straight to the settings to make it stop playing at 800x600 on your 4k display.Most people I've seen have been comparing this to Skate and I can see why. The game feels very much like that emptyish world made just for you to play in. However Skates controls and mechanics were tight and responsive. ♥♥♥♥ing up meant you did a bad not the game.This game has none of that. It's the kind of thing where when pushing entirely left or right theres only a chance your character will listen. Nothing you do matters because at any point in time your character may just decide he likes that tree/rock.In the looks department this game is glory. It shines and damn near makes up for the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Half of the time I would end up focusing more on the environment than I did the player model because trying to land tricks is just such a hassle. Though I do definitely feel like if you spent to long playing everything would probably start pretty samey, due in part to the somewhat small(er than you'd expect) map.All in all the game is ok. It's the kind of thing where if you can push past the ♥♥♥♥ awful controls I'm sure you could have a nice time. But at the same time be very ready to occasionally get stuck and unable to turn your board.Also similar to how the other three sports feel I'm gonna tack this last bit on. The skiing, paragliding, and squirrel suit are all pretty lack luster and control just as lame. Paragliding though? I don't even know how to get points! The tricks seemed mostly like swinging so??? I guess?Tl;Dr If you want to enjoy some pretty good views, don't care about Uplay, don't mind having little to no control at many many points, and really enjoy tiny snowballs flicking up from your board to tumble through the snow (don't worry I love it too) go for it on sale. I still ended up heading for the refund."
76561198007793922,Not Recommended,460920,29581949,Posted: 30 January,all,Sail,"What is the point. Have I given up to early, but how many times can you flair your wing suit and hope that something cool will happen. Its like a less interesting snow based version of No Mans Sky"
,Not Recommended,460920,30454936,Posted: 11 March,all,biggle,Would love to play Alaska but can't because of the stupid DRM
76561198073288428,Not Recommended,460920,28322201,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,PopBlock,"I just bought this game for $60 dollars and I can't even play it for more than 35 seconds. Why Ubisoft, I ask why must you make this game connect to your♥♥♥♥♥♥servers. I had such high hopes for this game I really did. Please for the love of everything holy spend your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,460920,28318360,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Raisu,"Yea.... Can't say I usually bother with these but this time its beyond absurd. I've yet to even be able to play the game. From purchase to download -> Immediately crashes on launch. Not a single method found has worked whether it be reinstalling the game, reinstalling Uplay, restarting PC, or moving the PCK sound files. Also tried launching the game using Uplay and also the game itself (without going through Steam or Uplay libraries).So far there isn't even a Game to be played From this purchase.Since my PC specs were in question:OS:Windows 10 64-bitProcessor:Intel i7-6700KRAM:32 GB DDR4-2400Video Card:Nvidia GeForce GTX 980 Ti"
,Not Recommended,460920,28251339,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,NMZ,"i just buy steep gold edtion but can't even start, when i press PLAY button, it's like loding for 10seconds and then gone sometimes they crashed error message on me and i send it back to Uplay. WTF. Horrible App"
76561198007330588,Not Recommended,460920,28217236,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Crisis,So this game I don't know what its like to playas I have not even been able to play it yet.And am thinking of asking for refund soon.I am getting the DE-014-01 connection issue.And cant seem to find what is wrong.Don't buy this game is my advice for now.Until they fix their s**t...
76561198202689575,Not Recommended,460920,29342107,Posted: 18 January,all,Sir. Pillow,IT DOESN'T OPEN WHEN YOU TRY TO OPEN IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,460920,32705447,Posted: 23 June,all,Gormaul,This game gets really difficult and boring fast.
76561198271478033,Not Recommended,460920,28266077,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,carterkoop1,"cant even use it, uplay wont log in"
,Not Recommended,460920,28152196,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,bloob smith,"unless you have an xbox/playstation controller hooked up to your PC, it's not worth it."
76561198022852203,Not Recommended,460920,29337193,Posted: 18 January,all,Thunder,why can't I use an English language in this game!? I dont want to use stupid russian
76561198059023245,Not Recommended,460920,29681865,Posted: 3 February,all,[xylem],"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks because of the poorly developed control, animation and depth of action given to paragliding and wingsuiting. Adjusting altitude/speed with the wingsuit is nauseating and could easily have been given a much smoother, closer-to-reality feel.It also sucks because the map is incredibly difficult to navigate. With practice it might feel more natural but that's not part of the game that should have a learning curve.It also sucks because it is difficult to find an event that the obnoxious voice is telling you about. Also something that once learned may be easier but ridiculous that it's a road block to entry level play.Put 6 hours into the game, love mountains and exploring. Maybe my tendency to actually go outside has biased my view of the game, but I found it to be incredibly frustrating and NOT, as other reviewers have put it, good for ""relaxing or chilling""."
76561198334419570,Not Recommended,460920,28257500,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,beastmadani26,this game is the worst game ive ever played my multiplayer is broken and this GAME IS BROKEN I CQANT EVEN PLAY IT ANYMORE EVERYTIME I LAUNCH IIT IT SAYS STARTING GAME AND IT DOESNT EVEN WORK 200 DHS DOWN THE DRAIN!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,460920,32775581,Posted: 25 June,all,Daddy,no
,Recommended,460920,28156184,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,God On the Mountain!
76561198292265911,Not Recommended,460920,31104382,Posted: 12 April,all,DaLucant,straight trash... no gay trash
,Not Recommended,460920,29937649,Posted: 15 February,all,Dysoth,Ubisoft.
76561198001418172,Not Recommended,460920,32685597,Posted: 23 June,all,Kosemartin,">Didn't start at all>Move gamlefolder to c:\>Starts>Everything crashes before even moving ingame>Restart>One wingsuit jump>Land>steam ui auto-opens and goes to the steep DLC-store>Everything crashes againw e wBuggy/10, Ubisoft does it again."
76561197993089586,Not Recommended,460920,28175169,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hand Solo,$60 for a snowboarding game that doesn't support an Xbox controller?No thanks Ubisoft.
76561198274908896,Not Recommended,460920,28441213,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Salmon,Steep is overpriced and the uplay servers are always down also they pretty much a scam damn ubisoft!DONT GET IT
,Not Recommended,460920,28147815,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,✪Gary Winthorpe,I found this game very boring and dont think I would reccomend itI thought the game was going to be more fast paced.
76561198122227981,Not Recommended,460920,32665250,Posted: 22 June,all,Bubbles,Got board really fastPlus it doesn't feel smooth at ;(Refund asap
,Not Recommended,460920,29524102,Posted: 27 January,all,Wizard Blizzard full of Gizzards,Save your money this game is bad!
,Not Recommended,460920,32331695,Posted: 10 June,all,q ota?,"'Loading, please wait (2/3)' for 8 hours, great game will play again 10/10. Also thanks steam for letting me refund this game. Kappa"
,Not Recommended,460920,28693239,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jeed,terrible
,Not Recommended,460920,33003388,Posted: 29 June,all,memekaos,it's not even goodwanky controlsbasically refunded instantly
,Not Recommended,460920,29324999,Posted: 17 January,all,ozeuce,"Honestly, it sucks.Everyone else is a liar."
76561198114526027,Not Recommended,460920,28165084,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Thunder Nipss,VERY BORING     GOT BORED WITHIN THE 2 HRS AND GOT IT REFUNDED
,Recommended,460920,30088068,Posted: 21 February,all,BigBassi,I absolutely love this game and am excited to see what content is added in future updates. The game started out a bit slow but once I sunk some time into it I really started to appreciate what has been created here. Exploring the mountain and creating your own lines is a ton of fun. If the multiplayer component is improved upon (easier grouping options or lobbies) this will be a game I play for the next few years.
,Recommended,460920,30588999,Posted: 18 March,all,JASMAC,"Not much of a story, but I mean, did you really expect one? It's an extreme sports game, not sure if it really needs it, not to say it can't have one, but personally, I just love to do the challenges and coast down the mountains or slopes."
76561198016811279,Recommended,460920,30789907,Posted: 28 March,all,Ozzzzy,"played it in Beta a bit and thought it was fun, I felt like this genre was ignored for a long timeWent under my radar for a moment and then saw it on storepage in sale 50% of with season pass, still under base retail price. I think I bought it 4 days after buying Wildlands.I havent touched Wildlands since. (I love that game aswell)But there is something about speeding down a mountain doing a something else than a 360 noscope headshot for a change.The skiing and snowboarding is awesome, snowboarding being just more stylish than skiing. Mechanics-wise they control the same way.Paragliding is great for reaching places and exploring, not so engaging as a sport, at least, in the game ;)Then there is the wingsuit/squirrelsuit.This is in my opinion the games strongest point. going through holes in mountain faces  at high speeds is just amazing.The graphics are stunning, especially the lighting on distant mountainsplus, open world.you can go where you want, and its easy to do so.you can customize quite a bit of things, but I think it can use more variation. A lot of the jackets and stuff are just simple retexturing jobs.Music is ok, it has great moments but some songs are kinda annoying.all in all, I'm very happy with the purchase. I'll definately play this for a long time to comeIf you like games like SSX or similar, you'll like this!"
76561198127678053,Recommended,460920,30806837,Posted: 28 March,all,chai boi wiens,over priced
76561198077780380,Recommended,460920,30765531,Posted: 26 March,all,getupkid10,"this is like skate + 1080. beautiful graphics, fun and satisfying game play, loads to do."
76561198220031112,Recommended,460920,30717120,Posted: 24 March,all,Big Country csgolive.com,Great game but if you try to tab out occasianly it will glitch out and be studdering and you will have to restart your computer and reinstall the servers to get it fixed.  Very fun game just wish it wasen't so glitchy
,Recommended,460920,30765152,Posted: 26 March,all,Hesh,"If you're looking for a great snowboard game, this is the one you're looking for. HOWEVER, most everything can be completed in under 40 hours. Still great though."
,Recommended,460920,30765957,Posted: 26 March,all,Iron Man,"Played this game for 2hrs, and gotta say the game 's visual is absolutely stunning. Gameplay is also good. Been a fan of Extreme Sports ever since i first tried skiing and gotta say this game recreates the experience of it. Would have been nice if the game supported VR. You wouldn't get bored with this game easily. This is not your normal type of game. With the inclusion of GoPro Cam angles, its much more appealing to view the footage later. I recommend this game too all but be careful only buy if you know what u gonna get."
,Recommended,460920,29566440,Posted: 29 January,all,Will,"Down Down Down, to the bottom of the sea -Spongebob Movie"
76561198049031596,Recommended,460920,30879045,Posted: 1 April,all,SaltEnots,"As a ski game, it's alright. I just hate how there are so many glitches. BS I didn't have enough height. Game constantly steals your jumps. If I can't make it, just let me eat it. And the directional controls are garbage. Player can't decide if he wants to go forwards or backwards. Whenever he switches you basically lose all control and spend the next 5 minutes just trying to go down again. I wish I could give it stars because it deserves a 3. It's beautiful, but you can't appreciate it when you're stuck in a gosh dang rabbits mouth!"
76561198063545962,Recommended,460920,30872064,Posted: 1 April,all,biffchicken,"Very fun wipe open outdoor sports/adventure game. Can waste may hours exploring the vast landscape that is included in the game by any transportation you choose, snowboard, ski, paraglide, or wingsuit.Amazing visuals and beautiful landscape sucked me in for days and days as I explored every slope and mountain to find all the sweet lines and jumps."
76561198043938050,Recommended,460920,30830387,Posted: 30 March,all,Shock_Tart,"first of all I have to say I am not the biggest fan of UBisoft in any way but this game surprised me. Had Hours of fun and counting. Its a great game, my favorite mode so far is wingsuit. snowboarding and ski's are fun as well but the wingsuit takes the cake. The paragliding is the absolute worst thing the challenges associated with it are a headache. to go fast just dont try to move at all unless nessacary or else you slow down massivly.  the map is huge and its very fun to explore, you can find cool places to board or fly through and I am yet to touch Alaska. The real turn off is the requirement to be constatnly connected to the internet. At first I thought ""hey this isn't too bad"" but the very slightest lag spike can REALLY ruin what could be a great run. especially when you are right infront of the finishline with a gold medal in the bag and the next thing you know your running into a tree and everything is ruined. This changed my opinion about internet connection real quick. Another complaint (Although minor) is the fact that you have to download U Play and have to have an account. I bought the game off of steam ubisoft i shouldnt have to download your own knock off of steam in order to play as well. If thats going to be the case take your games off of steam, its running memory that does not need to be ran.    Ubisoft did make leaps and bounds of improvements to the game since open beta and I am very happy with that. Overall i would rate this game a solid 8 out of 10. their price is a little steep (no pun intended) so i would highly reccomend to wait until the game is on sale. i got the gold edition at a half off sale and 40 bucks for all the dlc and a season pass is a fair price. I would love for Ubi to add extra trick options to the ski or snowboards such as grinding, for rooftops, Those fence things and the edges of the halfpipes. also proabally a different mode, maybe tubing or sleding? or having fun on a snowmobile? its just a thought. overall check the game out, very fun, lots to do and a good community."
76561197983720509,Recommended,460920,28153061,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Syeren,"If you want a snowboarding, skiing, and gliding game that will challenge and reward you, this is a great buy."
,Recommended,460920,28174745,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ggsnack,good game there are bugs here and there but i hope they get fix nothing to game breaking and good♥♥♥♥♥♥all around 9/10 ign to much snow
,Recommended,460920,28174812,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,entoptic,I didn't play the beta but got this right when it came out. Awesome game. The free roam is much better than SSX's trails. Only a few events are really difficult but most are medium to easy. The music is really great on slower trails and pretty decent on more high speed ones. Definitely would reccommend for anyone who's enjoyed SKATE/Tony Hawk's Pro Skater/SSX.I'd say it's worth $60 considering all other games like it. It's much more expansive than anything else that I can think of in this genre. Tons of detail when you explore the trails and little things to find.
,Recommended,460920,28168130,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,OdiN,"Good game, love snow, 12/10 would fall and break neck again!"
76561198300476587,Recommended,460920,28174034,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,levy_zach,This Game Is Sweet! I love to play it all day and am not stopping now.
,Recommended,460920,28174083,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ZERO,"Love this game so far.Out of all the ski and snow games I've played (SSX 1-3, SNOW, Amped) this is hands down my FAVORITE. If you do not like your snow sports games to be realistic however, then you may want to stay away from this title. It is NOT meant to be an arcade game.Pros:+Amazing graphics and environment to explore+Customization (character, graphics, music, etc.)+Variety of sports and sports events for riders of all skill level+No loading times+Multiplayer / sharing challenges with other ridersCons:-Price (Realistically worth $39.99 IMO)-User interface can be a bit cluttered at times-Physics can be a bit frustrating at times-No grindingThe gameplay IS challenging, but I play with a controller and after a few hours I was hooked and having tons of fun.."
76561198047886118,Recommended,460920,28159075,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Týr,Amazing.
,Recommended,460920,33345937,Posted: 7 July,all,FaDe.North,The Game Is Awesome
,Recommended,460920,28692382,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ØnYx,"Really great Winter Sports Game. Good Point to Ubisoft, they fixed the RAM Problem :)(Low Hours, because playing on Uplay)____________________________________________Edit: Ubisoft fixed♥♥♥♥♥♥again. Played today again and my Game Crashes again like in the Beta. I thought they fixed it. I don't know what the Problem is and the Ubisoft Support does neither.2. Edit: Fixed the problem on my own. Replaced my router and now it seems to be working just fine. Still refunded it, not because its a bad game, but the Ubisoft support is was really annoying and did not help in any helpful way. I tested a lot of things on my own and provided them with my results. But they did nothing with it. Had no problem refunding it because i got a free account with the game from Ubisoft (sadly the season pass was not included, which i had bought on my version, but it was still enjoyable) so i could enjoy the game in the end. Thanks for that Ubisoft :)(Low hours because of refund on steam, played like 60 hours on uplay though)"
,Recommended,460920,33541303,Posted: 14 July,all,EORIA_ANSUL_ARTONELICO,"I'm really glad I bought this game. Was having second thoughts of buying it but oh boy, it's the best sports game I've  ever played."
,Recommended,460920,29434242,Posted: 22 January,all,SpicyBoy,"If you think you will enjoy skiing/snowboarding down a gorgeous, massive map, then you will likely enjoy Steep a lot.If doing that for several hours doesn't sound fun, don't buy it. It's pretty simple."
76561198091796089,Recommended,460920,29432763,Posted: 22 January,all,Curt,Lots of fun to play. Nuff said
76561198007252580,Recommended,460920,29439018,Posted: 23 January,all,Sordel,"When Steep was announced, most of the influencers I listen to dismissed it immediately as a rather substandard & unexciting proposition. Still, I was keen to give it a go, having sunk countless hours into SSX Tricky and Amped 3, and while it's not as good as either of those it scratches the same itch.On the plus side, reloading a challenge is instantaneous on my system and so is quick travel; this is technically impressive and keeps play sessions brisk & fun. The mountains are vast, giving a real sense of unlocking a massive playground. Moreover, the sports themselves are fun, with paragliding & wingsuiting adding much-needed variety to the basic ski/snowboard option. The result kept me playing for hours on end and it's definitely the sort of the game you could fire up just for a relaxing cross-country ski.The negatives? Well, the game engine has barely improved from early console snowboarding games with irritating collision detection, a clumsy trick system and dumb ragdoll physics: sure, it's fun, but we should have moved on to something more robust by now. The quick reloads come at the cost of some ugly draw-in & pop-up. Some of the challenges are frustrating. And - maybe it's a small thing - but there doesn't seem to be a water engine in this game at all: no running streams or waterfalls to add to the Alpine atmosphere.Overall, though, this is already a good package that could be improved further with DLC. One to add to your library when it's discounted."
,Recommended,460920,29470653,Posted: 24 January,all,P I L T,"The game steep is based around winter action sports such as wingsuiting, snowboarding, skiiing and paragliding. The game does not offer you ar story but it does offer some very good gameplay. I really enjoyed the firts few hours but you can get quite bored after a while.If you really want a skiing/snowboarding game you can download ""SNOW"" on steam for free.So if you really would like a game with very good gamplay around these sport I could really recomend this game for you!:)"
76561198180949642,Recommended,460920,29453184,Posted: 23 January,all,Yellow_Tatoes14,"This game is a lot of fun.  Playing some music in the background, turning off ingame music(not that its bad music, I just prefer my own music. The joy of PC is that I can make the decision easily.)  Letting the music play loud and riding down the side of a tall mountain is one of the most relaxing things I have experienced in a game.If you find stuff in the shop that you want it is really easy to save up enough points to buy new clothing items and boards/skiis.A lot of the missions are a lot of fun.  The hard ones give you a nice challenge usually.  This is also where my biggest gripe is.  A lot of the hardest missions arent hard because they're hard. They're hard because of how the physics work with messy terrain it is very buggy.  If you ride up a slope at the wrong angle it shoves you off in a random direction sending you flying way out of the way  forcing you to restart that mission.  Occasionally youll go to jump off the edge of a cliff and instead of jumping youll snap to the side of the cliff and plummet down the mountain.  These issues cause the game to be frustrating to deal with."
76561198015559513,Recommended,460920,29454408,Posted: 23 January,all,Just a Dot,"Stunning visuals, fast game play, physics are real enough to be fun but not so real as to make it boring.  More fun with friends, but also its nice to de-stress on a nice casual (but fast) 8 minute cruise down some amazing alpine runs,However, when initially installed, the main screen saying ""Press A to start"", and everytime I pressed A on my keyboard, nothing happened. The game didn't advise about using a game-pad (type) controler at start-up (or maybe I missed it), so it took me awhile to get the default controller  switched from game-pad to PC Keyboard by unplugging my flight-stick/throttle USB joystick. Once they were unplugged the main screen said ""Press anykey to continue"" - fortunately I had plenty of keys.   :o)"
,Not Recommended,460920,29450104,Posted: 23 January,all,xpinchx,"I don't know what else to say other than it's not that fun of a game. The controls feel pretty sloppy, there are weird glitches where you fall through the map. The game is beautiful and there aren't any real load times. But there really isn't much fun to be had here.If you end up buying it watch your playtime and make a decision before your 2 hours are up. I ended up requesting a refund."
76561198018822891,Recommended,460920,29453467,Posted: 23 January,all,Quasidius,"A strange mix taht really works, and the game is beautiful.But for the price don't expect too much content.Overall a good snowboard game."
,Recommended,460920,29367636,Posted: 19 January,all,Jacket,"TL;DR: I give this game an 8/10, because, as it is a lot of fun and full of content, there are a few problems with it.I've given myself pretty ample time to mess around with Steep. If you like the nostalgia of games like SSX or the Amped series, mixed in with the heavy, realistic-focused feel of the Skate series, this is a highly recommended title.In 9 hours of playtime, I feel like I've only scratched the surface of the gameplay even though I've been playing challenges and mountain stories non-stop. The mechanics are smooth, doing tricks is fun, the scenery and snow deformation are beautiful, and the microtransactions, while present, are pointless because of how easy it is to get in-game currency through challenges to buy cosmetics (which is all the currency is for).I only have a few gripes, which are the following:-Pressing the button to try a challenge again will sometimes put you back in the same place but about a foot backward, causing you to go down the OTHER side of a hill if it's angled on the backside.-While I have pretty great internet, the always-on DRM is worrying just because it's there. There is also no way to turn off multiplayer, and as such, performance hits can sometimes occur when encountering players because it has to track their playermodel among an already taxing scenery engine.-The G-Force system, while providing a more realistic experience, can sometimes be a nuisance; even if you land a trick at the exact angle of the mountain facing the perfect angle, you can lose a substantial chunk of health even off a small jump. Overall, I think that mechanic needs some tweaking.-The only things to do are free-roam around and do challenges. They are plentiful and there are tens of hours of content to be enjoyed, however, I would have liked to see a career mode or something similar with even a light storyline or something else to do that gave the game a more complete feel."
,Recommended,460920,28934825,Posted: 2 January,all,[GM] ben55,Very fun and casual game!Needs: MORE UPDATES!!!!!!!
,Recommended,460920,28743060,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,filly.flutterdash,"Brilliant. This game is truly beautiful, breathtaking, exciting and rewarding, There are no limits for what you can do, and you have the ability to create your own content. I love it."
76561198019196550,Recommended,460920,28741407,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,BeRadical,"I'm loving Steep. This game really captures the feel of flying down the mountain, and the tricks are satisfying, but not entirely over-the-top like SSX. Exploration is great, and the wingsuit, paragliding, and hiking all give you good ways to get around.I do think the physics could use some slight tweaking. Hills seem to stop your momentum a little too easily in some cases, but overall it feels fantastic, and you can get crazy air off some jumps.  Controls are intuitive, but there is definitely a bit of a learning curve in perfecting jump timing and landing.Ubisoft have done a good job at towing the line between realism and arcade. My only real gripe is that you can't seamlessly switch between sports. I'd love to ski off a cliff and switch to squirrel suit mid-air. Hoping they make that possible soon."
,Recommended,460920,28921278,Posted: 1 January,all,Flame,"This game is extreamly good for the first few hours you play of it especially with friends but after a while i personally started to loose interest because sure there are different ""missions"" you can do and if you want you can make your own trail but for me it seemed like the ""missions"" were just too similar to eacherother and the tasks where you follow someone are rather annoying as you always go faster than them so you end up sitting there for a while waiting for them to go to the end and then just go to that instead of having to stop every few moments for them. I think this game is worth buying if its on a sale but not otherwise."
76561198034308939,Recommended,460920,28810241,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/wiggly_diggly,When you want to do cool stuff but you're a pansy and dont like the cold... Steep**SERIOUS NOTE** Trick Safety is awful and should be turned off before you even try to play
,Recommended,460920,28808922,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Emu #LF//LT,Great game if you enjoy laid back mountain exploring.
,Recommended,460920,30238528,Posted: 28 February,all,Galactic Pancakes,"Considering i loved the SSX games i knew i had to get this, It looked so much like a decent game back when it was announced at E3 and im glad it delivered! the graphics are phenominal, the gameplay can really stress you out at times and the world isjust that good, being a unisoft game you'd expect the graphics to be heavily downgraded before release but that really isn't the case, The Game Meets if not Nearly meets what the Demo showed us and its one of the most graphically pleasing games out there. I'd say get it When you can, Sale or no sale, Oh and get some friends to play with as well! Ragdoll physics are hilarious in this game."
,Recommended,460920,30134244,Posted: 23 February,all,SeekNDestroy?,10/10 would fall down a cliff again(i think i died)
76561197988582914,Recommended,460920,30250788,Posted: 28 February,all,Speon,"3/5 stars.  Could be a great game, but some seriously annoying issues.One, ever heard of rails?  Really no grinding tricks in this open world freestyle game?? Is that copyrighted by shaun white's video game or something?  You can wing suit through powerline towers and paraglide back up mountains, switch between snowboarding and skiing...but RAILS?  Devs must been like ""WHAT....HOW.....ah let's just not put them in the game, no one will notice""....Friggen 1080 snowboarding on N64 had rails and grinding logic.  Apparenlty that was waaay ahead of its time...Two, absolutely dumb spawns on ridges sometimes if you're in riding mode, which ends up forcing you to go into walking mode to get a better starting angle on the terrain. Spawning on a snowboard in some spots makes it nearly impossible to get moving towards some objective start points that are literally right in front of you (legit have to bug out the character spinning in circles to get them moving in right direction, because character placement and the terrain tend to force character down the slope in the wrong direction.)  Would rather character always spawned in walking mode, or hey give an option in menu to specify defaults like that.Three....really, you can't hit pause during an event else you cancel it...let me just answer my phone or go to the bathroom quick 3/4 through this 5 minute GOLD race timer....o wait I hit pause and cancelled it, lets just restart the whole thing cause that's totally what I wanted to do...completely misleading use of essentially the pause / menu button.4th thing is you can change all keybindings on keyboard, but can't change anything for controllers...cool.  Why the hell is B (on xbox controller when using the map) go back to inital place on map...who the hell wants to do that instead of the intuitive option...EXIT or BACK to gameplay...especially when that button is used to enter the map in the first place. So bad.Some quality of life improvements needed, but other than that its a pretty fun game when stupid things don't happen.  Wouldn't drop 60 bucks on it though, get it on sale."
76561198126162656,Recommended,460920,30209460,Posted: 26 February,all,Fennec,"Personially I highly enjoy and recomend this game. Its a beautiful and well crafted experance that takes in the wonder of the Swiss Alps, or recently Alaska. It also allows for diffrent players and playstyles to thrive in the same environment, with 3 diffrent modes of transportation: ski/snowbord, wingsuit, and paragliding. If that's all you need to hear, then click ""Buy"". However, this is deffenitly not a geme for everyone. Here's why:The controlls are purposfully somewhat loose. You might hear people relate this game to SSX, and rightfully so, but you wont be able to do SSX things. In order to jump, you dont just press a button, but release it. To prime a jump you need to hold down the right or left trigger of your controller, and then release it slightly before you wish to jump. For someone who participates in skiing/snowbording this quickly became second nature, but for those who dont, it might take some getting used to. Tricks are some what complicated as well. Directly after initiating a jump, NOT AT THE SAME TIME press a direction on the left joystick to initate rotation, and release to stop rotation. Your rider will right himself durring a jump, but you need to give him time to do so. In order to land well, and not waste g-force meter, you will need to release the direction almost a full second before you reach the ground. When in the air, you can use the left or right trigger to grab with the left or right hand of your rider, and use the left thumbstick to tweak your trick in the air. This all seems very complex, and for some, the inputs to do a simple trick, might be too complexSteep can be repetitive, some chalenges can start to feel the same after a while, and it can be confusing how the maps and chalengs work, as well as finding them in the maps. After all chalenges are complete, you can retry them for a higher score, or just roam the map and find your own lines. The late-game gameplay is very explorative and open ended, and can be offputting for some.Everything is not for everyone. I say that I highly recomend this game and that I love the way it controlls. At the time of writing this review, I have almost 40 hours in the game, and I would guess that about 30 min of that is spent paragliding. Some people might really enjoy paragliding, but it's not for me, and I would say as a general rule, to not go in expecting to love everything about this insainly varried game. it trys to do allot well, and might not hit perfect notes on everything. but what you do find and enjoy, is what makes this game really amazing.With the FREE Alaska dlc, I would recomend steep more than ever now. But buyer be warned, if you like your games to always be fresh every time, and are not one for reppitition, steep might not be for you. If you dont mind that, however, i think you'll really enjoy this game."
76561198347849902,Recommended,460920,30206021,Posted: 26 February,all,ian.carter2118,great game a good way to pass time kinda pricey though
76561198090471022,Recommended,460920,31164392,Posted: 15 April,all,M0nk3y_Ceratops,"I had my eye on this game for a very long time before I bought it, and when i finally rounded up the money, i bought it straight away, and lemme tell ya -worth every penny spent- after only 4-5 days i had around 10 hours in the game. The limitless exploration, the thrilling challenges, the nerd gasm worthy graphics, the fluent movement, perfect atmosphere and absolutely amazing sound track makes this game possibly one of the best games i have ever played. Which says a lot from me, a hack n slash kinda player.I'll go through each of the things i listed above, just to convince you to get this game even more:1. ExplorationThe game gives you plenty chance to explore, and the game even constantly urges you to do so with the dialogue of the game (which is actually pretty darn good too). I've gone on several runs alone, just to see what i havent seen (which there is still a lot). There's just so much to see, whilst also feeling like a total badass as you shred jump after jump.2. ChallengesThe game's medium and hard difficulty runs are actually crazy difficult and pull you in to complete the challenge very well. Ive spent up to 20 minutes sometimes just to get that gold medal, and its such a relieving feeling.3. GraphicsThe graphics make the game breath taking almost every moment. That's all you need to know.4. AnimationsThe animations are so fluent and realistic sometimes you almost feel as if you're inside of the game, especially when looking at replay in first person and listening to the freakishly realistic audio from your gopro. The way the snow carves with every movement is so satisfying. The life in the character you play is real and nearly perfect. Your clothing moves in the wind, just thought you might need to know that, cus i find it awesome.5. AtmosphereYour surroundings make it always feel as if you're the best skiier/boarder tackling the hardest slopes.6. Music/SoundsThe music can either make you feel like the coolest guy on the mountain, or quite relaxed and feeling you're just there for a good time, without putting out your attention or bringing boredom, which few relaxed games can do. The ambient sounds feel so natural and great, as with the crumpling or sliced snow beneath you as you carve down the mountain or take a trek up the mountain to reach the best spots.In conclusion, buy the bloody game!"
,Recommended,460920,30335210,Posted: 5 March,all,WesselTT089,"I personally love the game. First of all, I like sports and winter so that's a great combination. But seriously, the optimization is good, controls are good, graphics are truly amazing, the map is pretty damn big, you can join others whenever you want, it's just fantastic. I see a lot of complaints about this game being boring but I disagree. There's more to do then most people think. You can try to get the golden score at all the challenges. Find all the dropzones/points of interest. And even try to beat the best daily/weekly or best score ever! But I DO think you have to like extreme sports to really enjoy this game!7.8/10 would eat snow again."
,Recommended,460920,28262806,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Poop Tickler,"Previously I wouldn't have recommended this game but that's no longer the case.This game is great.The scenery is what is stressed by the developers and it does not disappoint. I have found myself sitting on the side of the mountain for brief moments of time looking at the world around me. There is a calming sense of enjoyment with Steep. It's easy to simply sign in and pick up where you left off. The soundtrack is great and offers some customization (filter certain genres of music). Personally I like to ride down a mountain at full speed listening to what relaxing music this game offers me. There isn't an obvious story, nothing for cut scenes. You'll find your own challenges that yield currency and cosmetic awards. All the equipment handles the same, and while you do level up certain styles of playing (free style, extreme riding, pro riding) they grant little more than experience. When you hit the level cap you are able to teleport anywhere you like instead of using challenges and landmarks to get you there. Lets more effectively break down what went right and wrong.The graphics are fluid and show much detail. It is GPU heavy, I run ultra settings w/ my GTX 970, 80 FPS. They have various environmental alterations that you can choose from, night riding, heavy fog, evening, morning etc. This also means that your friends with you will not see the exact same ambiance. Steep offers an easy to use replay mode to record your sessions, take screen shots, and change the ambiance in game for those of you looking for specific shots.The mechanics and physics are on the right track but ultimately become a problem at times. Steep uses a ""magnetic"" system that will pull your player in any direction in the air. This means that sometimes they will rotate to the side, slamming into a rock or hill. It becomes inconvenient at times. For the most part, it works but you WILL see it happen your first hour into the game. Ubisoft has released 3 updates and none of them have addressed this issue.Finally, the dev involvement is there! They have hopes to push the game into certain directions. There is a free DLC to be released next month with a few new mountains to explore.Definitely worth picking up for those looking for a relaxing game that you can kill time on."
76561198053701090,Recommended,460920,29407800,Posted: 21 January,all,Infamous,"Steep is an open world Ski/Extreme Sports game with a lot of potential.I really love this game!The map is huge allowing you to explore for hours, a variety of different challenges and no serious competetive elements at all. The soundtrack to the game is great and the sound design is top notch. The graphics are beautiful and surpise me with how well they run on my computer and with (most of the time) steady frames. Customisation is lacking though, don't get me wrong there is quite a variety of what you can customise but in each section there isn't too much to customise, e.g there are quite a lot of helmets but barely any variety in gloves. The game is a bit buggy and if i'm honest, sometimes you lose momentum for no reason and i've managed to glitch through a few walls. However, for what it's priced at (40 pounds in the UK) I don't feel the game is worth it, I personally waited until the game went on sale and got it for about 26. Although this idea isn't fresh in the industry, Steep does differ from other similair games like SSX with it's atmosphere and vibes the game gives you, I feel really mellowed out when playing which I don't really get from many games. To be clear, I haven't played with friends yet but I HAVE played with randoms and trying to get the high score on certain challenges is really fun without having to take it seriously. In my opinion though, one of the things that let this game down is that it really feels like something is missing. Although you can Walk/Snowboard/Ski and Fly, it doesn't feel like it's enough, I think snowmobiles would be a cool feature further down the line as the game is still kind of in its early days, but for now I'm happy to keep things like this. My final thing that I would like to nag about is the fact that some challenges in particular are boring as ♥♥♥♥, for instance one of them consisted of literally following an AI whilst some voice over went on about its fetish for the mountains (sounds funny but at the time I would rather have fallen down the slopes and cracked my neck).The biggest complaint I see from OTHER people is that the game gets repetetive and boring, so if you're extremely in-patient then I suppose this isn't for you. I can understand the idea of using the same mechanics over and over again can get boring after a while, but really what do you expect from a sports game? It's like buying handball 2017 and then saying ""this is boring, how come I can't kick the ♥♥♥♥ing ball?""TL;DRI recommend this game (WHEN IT'S ON SALE)Pros:-Great graphics-Huge map-Something fresh-Music fits well-Online-A decent amount of customisation-Basically what it says on the tinCons:-Buggy at times-A few challenges are pointless-Frames can stutter MASSIVELY now and then-Tutorial is a bit long and I don't think it's skippableRating: 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,460920,28763510,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,steeleybaws,"Personally I'm rather neutral on this gameProsVery Beautiful:This game graphically is absolutely stunning. Personally I use a GTX1060 at max settings 1080p and I'll be getting a nice 80fps. The snow textures and everything else make it a truly fascinating game to look at.Open World:So glad that this is the kind of game where you can do whatever the hell you wanna; playing with friends and making your own lines makes it feel like an aspect of freedom.Ride Replays:The ability to replay rides in my opinion makes this game great, gives so many opportunities to take screenshots for wallpapers (got a lovely one myself), and also for making neat edits.Soundtrack:A lot of the music in here is very atmospheric which fits the game so perfectly, also includes those great classic bangers to be boarding down a mountain to.Customisation:Loving how many different wing-suits, snowboards, skis, and helmets there are to provide a great ability to make your rider look however you want them to. The only reason I haven't included the other items of clothing (Goggles, gloves, jackets, trousers, boots, and parachutes) is i feel that there aren't enough that look half decent, many may disagree with me on this but I think most of the jackets/trousers are boring and same with the boots. Goggles are pretty much all the same too just different colours. Hoping that Ubisoft will continue to add to this game to bring in some more good looking gear.ConsG-force ""Health"" Bar:Personally I'm not a fan of this in some aspects, it particularly needs fixing with the rocks.. Even just sitting still on a rock your rider will experience enough G to knock him/herself out. I don't know if this is on purpose or just something accidental. Hoping it is sorted out soon.Price:I think that trying to charge £40 for this game is a step too far from Ubisoft. I understand that this is the usual price for a high end brand new game but for a game that isn't very filled £40 is just a bit too much. Plus trying to get another £16 for the season pass is just too steep (but being me I bought it).Skiing:Is it just me or does the rider (when using skis) insist on landing backwards? No matter how hard I try the automatic system to smooth out your landing always seems to point me the other way, nothing wrong with it it's just a bit annoying to be honest. Skiing poles: The rider loves to wave his/her poles around but not actually use them for their intended purpose, to help you move.. Was hoping that the rider would use their poles to help them speed up on sections where they have lost speed and need to gain, however this is rarely the case.Saves:Personally I have found that 2 challenges fail to save no matter how many times I do them (these being ""All Scores"" and ""Snowpark""). I'm not sure if this may just be a problem with me.Neutral PointsAutomatic Landing:Was quite pleased to see that the game will complete the trick for you and land relatively smoothly. This is a great feature as i find that it helps people who may not be used to this style of game and makes it that bit easier. However... Often the system will make the rider land sideways (when completing a cork or such like), causing him/her to either fall off or enduce a high gforce and thus restricting them from tricks for a while.Even though I do enjoy this game very much and continue to play a few hours every day; I would not recommend it due to its high number of flaws (price, mechanics, etc). But if you don't mind spending this much on a ""not quite as good as it should be"" title, go for it"
,Recommended,460920,28208521,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,mxpph,"Perfect game! Runs fine on my GTX 970 (Low settings, mind you- it still looks amazing though)!From the trailer I was expecting it to be good, but not this good! You really can go anywhere you like on the map!The controls are perfect with a controller, but aren't great with a keyboard. I would definitely recommend a controller for this game.Pros:Almost everythingCons:""Steep"" price (hehe)Need quite a good PC to runuPlay needed."
,Recommended,460920,28354013,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,crazyman3921,im not to into these kinds of games at all but i do like this game. havent done any missions but just going down the mountin is awseome as anything. controls are weird but funa and there is alot to do. fun game.
,Recommended,460920,28743220,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Phantom Alex,it doesnt workwen i want to open it it chrashesso fix my game or send back my money
76561198025610990,Recommended,460920,28960428,Posted: 2 January,all,EN,"It's a good game however, at the time of this review there is a major issue that prevents you from connecting to and playing with friends. If it is your intention to play this game with friends like it was mine, then I cannot recommend it.EDIT: REVIEW NOW FAVORABLE. We managed to fix multiplayer groups joining, however it was an annoying process of completing mission from the tutorial over again after looking them up online and then finding their exact locations on the map and going to them manually. Its a good game, but ubisoft buggy thats for sure."
76561197988108804,Recommended,460920,30341024,Posted: 5 March,all,- AIR - MrAwkward,Very well detailed open world game where you can go wherever you want to go.Game mechanics are good and the controls feels nice and realistic.- Would love to see more types of mountains.- Need more multiplayer events.
76561198291535275,Recommended,460920,30332616,Posted: 5 March,all,Jeff The Smurfer,Ubisoft did a great job by making this game. Its one of my favourites
,Recommended,460920,30326738,Posted: 4 March,all,Hanosandy,"One of, if not the best winter sports games of all time.  I have had as much fun with this game as I did with SSX (which is saying a lot).  The graphics are gorgeous - just wow.  The sound is mediocre, but good enough to not notice it.  The gameplay is varied just enough to be a game to fall in love with and develop an addiction.  The game is optimized pretty darn well."
76561198303421074,Recommended,460920,30321566,Posted: 4 March,all,360-Bitesize-Cream-egg,good game recomend it alot
76561198041975729,Recommended,460920,30343803,Posted: 5 March,all,Pocketslider,"This game is what is advertised.  Its a online multiplayer free rome mountain ski/snowboard something or other.  There is no guns, zombies, crafting etc.  You do winter/ mountain sports with friends or alone.  There are ""missions"" and its free roam. Can you play it on any computer and get 60+ frames?  No.  But its not necessarily poorly optimized.The controls work great, the game really looks great, my character does exactly what hes supposed to.  There is  a ton of area on the maps.  You can change your clothes, equipment, charcter etc.  The map is ""open"" from the start.  You can go anywhere from the beginningif you know how to fly or want to walk for 6 hours.  There are helicopter tickets that you get, but i just fly around.  Otherwise there is a very simple dropzone unlocking deal wich gets you a billion spawn points.  I just stood around and looked thru binoculars and looked at them to unlock.The game will get a little boring in so many hours.  But I believe I could pick it up at anytime and play an hour or two when ive got time to kill and am looking for a low intensity soothing game to play.  The full price and whatever the extra dlc thing is is overpiced.  I would recommend picking it up on a sale, in my opinion its a 40 dollar game no problem.  It is Ubisoft so there is that.  Although you have to hand it to a company that releases a finshed game instead of an overpriced broken alpha that will never be finished.*Online only *  If the srvers stay up for a few years this is no problem.  Don't buy if its 2020."
,Recommended,460920,31206962,Posted: 17 April,all,Czar,"Fascinating atmosphere and gameplay.Physics can get a little wonky but it exceeds old classic snowboard fidelity.If you have the system to run this on full graphics alone this should be a good reason to check this fun game out on a sale.Playing for fun with friends and joining strangers seems very easy in my experience on it. Definetly on of the rare good ubisoft titles.Beware uplay.The gold edition is the way to go, although little has been introduced from the season pass yet. @ April 17th 2017."
,Recommended,460920,29014795,Posted: 4 January,all,lanieldanner,"Absolutely glorious!If you're into extreme sports or mountains, get it!I was sick the last two days and poured 13h into this and it's the next best thing to actually going snowboarding yourself. The soundtrack's awesome, the mountains are beautiful, the action is extrem and the flow is ... flowing. I've grouped up with random people and went exploring. I uncovered sick lines and sights and shot hundreds of screenshots with the replay cam.This thing is absolutely stunning and beautiful and I see myself playing it for long while still!"
76561198124955300,Recommended,460920,28746819,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Negative One,Good Game as far as im concerned but please...... UBISOFT arrange youre mess! Im always getting Connection ERROR DE-013-02 messages popping up when i open the game and it doesnt want to let me in...My internet it perfect i can play all my other games but just with this one... @???? why?
76561198167746850,Recommended,460920,28748362,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ghostrex,Holy crap this game is awesome. I'm only four hours in and i'm thoroughly enjoying this suprisingly well made game. I recommend this to everyone as it's a nice way to 'chill' out after a hard day's work.
76561198338201813,Recommended,460920,28782740,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BellisJ01,"So I'm not going to give it a thumbs down, but I will say that despite how much I wanted to enjoy this game, it just wasn't for me.First off, yes, I have less than an hour of gameplay, not nearly enough time put in to give any sort of review. So I will say that I would still recommend this game, as I do like the concept, but I just felt that me personally wouldn't be putting much time into it.So for the Pros;~   Beautiful scenery and well optimized. Very rarely would I have any kind of fps drop.~   As a long time snowboarding fan, I like how it feels like, well, snowboarding. It has a slight arcade feeling, but for the most part it doesn't feel over the top.~   Squirrel suit is pretty fun. Fast and can be a bit tricky, but still fun.~   I like the idea of an open world, desipte me not putting the time in to actually explore, the freedom of being able to  choose where you want to go, or start is pretty cool.Cons; (Just me personally)~   I didn't really care for the controls too much, and yes, I was using and xbox one controller. It just feels a bit odd and clunky.~   Over saturation of tutorials. I am the kind of person, whether it be a movie or a game, if I'm not sucked in pretty quick I'll lose interest. So spending the first 20 or so minutes of the game going through the motions of the different sports, locations, line challenges, etc... was a bit of a turn off. I like to be placed in a world and have to just figure the game out. Much like Dark Souls I guess you could say.~   Always online: While this isn't a huge problem for me personally I could see how it could be for others. I spend a lot of time away from home in hotels, so trying to do any online gaming on unstable hotel wifi isn't the most fun thing in the world.So overall I would give it a 5/10. Which is a shame because I really wanted to love this game. While the lack of arcade is what was appealing to me, maybe that's what this game needs more of. So if you're a wintersports fan, I still recommend this game. But if you're anything like me, and some of these cons outweighted the pros, then I would suggest holding off until a price drop, or maybe some tweaks and/or content patches."
76561198284754350,Recommended,460920,28784826,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,PRINTERS ARE COMING,good game
76561198355332974,Recommended,460920,28784828,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,jafacock : 69,i love it i cant stop
76561198006247927,Recommended,460920,28799911,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Trigonometry,"It was very hard to judge Steep with the lack of Extreme Snowboarding games there is. I wouldnt have expected Ubisoft to pull one out let alone a good one. I loved the SSX series and was very curious with Steep not knowing much about it other than its vast world with some MMO to it.Pros;Huge world to exploreAmazing graphics, sound, OSTVery realistic which limits your movementAbility to switch between Ski's and board or simply walkParachuting and GlidingOptimized surprisingly well with just enough power for 4K qualityRed BullGood customization and no microtransactionsCalming and RelaxingCons;G-Force bar can be too sensitiveNeeds a bigger playlistNo weather effects apart from day/nightNo photo modeWorld map lacks NPC & animalsSome buildings should let you go insideNeeds a bigger trick bookChallanges sometimes feel unrewardingNo proper races between other players/NPC'sAll in all I think Ubisoft have done well and hope it gets continued support and expands on it"
,Recommended,460920,28806082,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Poppy McCabe,"Steep is an amazing exploration game disguised as an extreme winter sports game. There are, of course, snowboards, skis, wing suits, and parachutes. However, these can be used as tools to discover the massive open-world mountain range as much as they can be used for time challenges and stunts. The joy of this game is hiking the back country and creating your own line on a hidden slope. Steep, in many ways, is about creating your own fun. There is no official cross country skiiing in this game, but you can create your own cross country skiing event. There is no official ice skating in this game, but I once spent 15 minutes ice skating with another player on a frozen lake reachable only by wingsuit and parasail. I once spent 30 minutes climbing a mountain and found kristib112 just sitting at the summit, alone. We waved, stood a while longer, then both base jumped off the cliff, never to see each other again.“You cannot stay on the summit forever; you have to come down again. So why bother in the first place? Just this: What is above knows what is below, but what is below does not know what is above. One climbs, one sees. One descends, one sees no longer, but one has seen.” -- René Daumal, Mount Analogue"
76561198296693048,Recommended,460920,28806526,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,lbolack,This game is so much fun!
,Recommended,460920,28806922,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ginny,"I'm geniunly surprised how much fun I've been having playing this game. I have never played a game similar to this before and am generally very picky with games but surprisingly I love this one and don't see myself ever getting bored. There is a ton of stuff to unlock whether it be challenges, places on the mountain, and then of course all your rider gear. It's a challenging game but you can get the hang of it, it's still challenging but I think that's a good thing. Honestly I have fun just exploring the mountain it's very relaxing and you can just enjoy your ride. The only thing I don't like about this game is the paragliding but maybe I'm just terrible at it. I give this game a 9/10 and def reccommend it. :-)"
76561198217446704,Recommended,460920,28803767,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,stickmaster013,Great game. I just wish the controls weren't as complicated.
76561198070031764,Not Recommended,460920,28927605,Posted: 1 January,all,Snoobicus,"Gets boring after a while, definitley not worth its price. And the new dlc makes you spend even more money"
76561198131727103,Recommended,460920,29367374,Posted: 19 January,all,Ashman_03,Sick game
,Recommended,460920,28731069,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,T R I S T A N csgoroll.com,It's a fun and good game
76561198088973976,Recommended,460920,33066023,Posted: 30 June,all,Doc Hale,"Sure looks fun. Just wished it played. And so does a lot of other people. It's not the servers BTW.Edit: If you go through uplay, and just use a controller (xbox for me) it'll work. Definately fun."
,Recommended,460920,33266280,Posted: 5 July,all,Miron,"Not the average game, but a reallly fun game to play, specially with friends, as you can create your personal challenge and they can all try it out :)"
,Recommended,460920,33328801,Posted: 6 July,all,xi9w,"Very fun and exciting to explore the open world as well as taking part in a wide array of challenges. My only complaint being that the game becomes a bit dull after a while. Sure, you're ranking up and unlocking new gear and such, but what's missing are rails to grind, parks to shred, and a lot of what I loved about Shawn White's Snowboarding game.Overall though, I do love playing the game. Definitely not worth the $80 it's original price is at, but not a bad purchase for $39 during the steam summer sale."
76561198133402444,Recommended,460920,33362600,Posted: 7 July,all,Juno Space Probe,Probably the best game ive every played
,Recommended,460920,28942807,Posted: 2 January,all,Jahgwar,"great fun if you are into any of these sports or if you love extreme sandbox games. Its beautiful and fun with great speed and aerial sensations. I bought this game for the ski and snowboard and actually love even more the swingsuit and paragliding, go for it  one of the best game of my collection!9/10"
76561198253566370,Recommended,460920,28942249,Posted: 2 January,all,IMARAWR,GOOD
76561198085002940,Recommended,460920,29096282,Posted: 7 January,all,albatraoz,I like it for1. The graphics are insane2. Its really nice to just sit down and ride down the mountains.3. The wingsuit is really cool i thought its be really hard to ride the wingsuit but is whas super easy to learn the wingsuit controls.4. If you buy the game you need to have friends that have Stepp its be mutch more funny. :D5. I like that you can do challenges that other can try out.So thats why i like Steep
76561198324313619,Recommended,460920,28794248,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Notorious,game doesnt work for me i cant get past the first loading screen maybe its just my laptop
76561198144265311,Recommended,460920,29011307,Posted: 4 January,all,Adalwolf,"Just from the first 2 hours i can tell you one thing, this game is.....awesome! ubisoft did amazing with the audio and the controls ar so smooth, and the trails in the snow are so good!"
76561198033184098,Recommended,460920,29004643,Posted: 4 January,all,Walter Machado,I love board sports and go longboarding every day. The snowboarding is very well done here.
,Recommended,460920,29011504,Posted: 4 January,all,Ainsley Harriott,"Ubisoft Annecy has crafted a gorgeous-looking winter sports game with a strong foundation of exploration, enjoyable gameplay and a feast of events to unlock. What it hasn’t done is create a pathway through that game that will keep you playing through to the end. Despite the variety of events and sports the action and scenery grows repetitive, while some minor issues keep on cropping up. The result is a game that’s close to brilliance, but not quite close enough.3.5/5"
76561198047429237,Recommended,460920,29011528,Posted: 4 January,all,Skullex,BEST SNOWBOARDING GAME EVER! Really cool graphics and stunts in this game :D
76561198354238491,Recommended,460920,29088683,Posted: 7 January,all,AustereButton96,I need to loggin yo uplay but uplay does not work plssss help
76561198161075229,Recommended,460920,29128720,Posted: 8 January,all,Doctor Skidoodle,how did i survive that
,Recommended,460920,29104166,Posted: 7 January,all,Technomancer,"Brief summary: the concept for this game is great. It plays out pretty well and enjoyable overall, but there are MAJOR problems that turn an otherwise great game into a very average, blood pressure raising s***show. The controls are pretty easy to pick up and doing tricks is fairly simple. The game has a very large map and once it is loaded from the menu, you will not have any loading screens while you move about to different peaks.[This part has the negative aspects] HOWEVER, there are some absolutely gamebreaking problems with this game. First of all, the physics engine is completely broken AND the game is unforgiving.  It would be one thing to have a bad physics system with forgiving gameplay, but Ubisoft says F%%% you, we don't care. The physics engine has no idea what friction is nor how gravity works. If your board TOUCHES anything other than snow, you are dead. The rocks will either have infinite friction, act like magnets and suck you into them, or launch you at infinite speed. This is a major problem in some challenges (BOBSLED CHALLENGE) because the physics make it impossible to even complete. In addition to this, jumping is cruel. You have to jump well before you leave the ramps, so many of the smaller jumps are practically impossible to time properly. You end up with a .05 second window to execute a jump or you fail.NEUTRAL PIECES. The characters are either forgettable or obnoxious. They try to make a story or something out of the game, but nothing is coherent and you just cram challenges in so you get gear, XP, and credits. It would be cool (and really easy) if they made this something like a ""career mode"" and you created a character and progressed through challenges (kind of like Tony Hawk's Underground back in the day). You just get to Mont Blanc as quickly as possible and forget about any dialogue or any sort of narrative the game tries to feed you.Overall, it is hard to recommend this game. If you can find it on sale, buy it. I paid $40 but still feel bad about the price. If you can get it for $30 or less, then buy it. The concept is excellent and the game is great fun when it is working properly. HOWEVER, when the game is NOT working properly (physics engine, I am looking at you), then it makes you want to punt puppies across the room.tl;dr the game has its moments, but it is so broken in other aspects that it only makes it a 6.5 out of 10. Some challenges are great fun and others make your blood boil.Fix the physics engine and it will easily be a solid 8.5/10. This game is AWESOME when it is working correctly."
76561198213966625,Recommended,460920,28745688,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,nicacrook,very good grauphics [sorry adout my english] you can imagine being that person  it is ♥♥♥♥ing great
,Recommended,460920,28948042,Posted: 2 January,all,Steve-0,"Pretty, easy to master and fun to play. Had a few issues with actually opening the game but after that it works like a dream! Great fun with friends."
76561198075483442,Recommended,460920,29004721,Posted: 4 January,all,Carbon_Coded,Awesome
76561198088835540,Recommended,460920,29021351,Posted: 4 January,all,Doctor Duck,Amazing...that's it.
,Recommended,460920,29021943,Posted: 4 January,all,Panjic,"This game has great graphics, but the bad thing is that this game get very boring at times."
76561198184638881,Recommended,460920,29166076,Posted: 10 January,all,JustPlay!,Awesome game. Nothing else to samy.
,Recommended,460920,28790947,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,TRΞMΛN,"Fantastic game... And the multiplayer is pretty great too.... But it could do with some UI improvements and MORE OPTIONS! I want to turn off the damn dialogue... Or turn off on-screen crap. - [UPDATE] - Seems that hiding the HUD is an option with the new update, along with many other improvements!Good job, Ubi"
76561198151217146,Recommended,460920,30016645,Posted: 18 February,all,kruppyman96,1000/10No idea why anyone wouldnt absolutley love this game. I waited soooo long for somthing like this to come out. When I saw this at E3 i was so pumped. It lives up to every aspect it should.Pros:No load timessmoothbeautifultricks are easy to docontrols are great for keyboard/mouse and controlersfun storygreat challengesCons:people are better than me. Like how do you even get 30 seconds on a race that took me like 1 minute.Lol JK i just need to get better.The story is a bit short. But hopefully they will add more with season pass content.Not to say its too short to buy. I dont think anyone could ever run out of things to do in this game.I recomend this for everyone. Even if you have never snowboarded or skiied before.LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,460920,29695833,Posted: 4 February,all,{JSRL} Bodhi's Pool Repair,"Great game, lots of content, would recommend getting gold, as season pass will definitly be worth it/"
,Recommended,460920,29632567,Posted: 1 February,all,Xeno | クセノー,"Love the game.I just have one complaint, and that is tricks/trick competitions.I thnik a cool thing that you could add, is something like the x games copetitions like slope style and big air.With slope style you would of course have to add rails and grinding which you definitely should addBut else it s very amazing game but its maybe a bit over priced"
,Recommended,460920,29539082,Posted: 28 January,all,Tuxz,"Have you ever been skiing or snowboarding in real life? It's the same feeling! Not to mention, now you know sick tricks and have a HUGE mountain range to play on! People say its not worth 40€, I disagree, this is worth 100€! This is easily the greatest game of 2016 (and maybe 2017), Its really fun and has infinite tracks as you can make your own (which is easy and actually fun) or play others! The game is also really beautiful and fantastic. You think that a game that pretty would require more gpu power, like, at least 2 titan x'es but no, its fine with a 970 (which i own). Its fantastic. The first time i explained this game to my friends i was literally shaking because i just couldnt put words on its greatness, that also explains why im writing such a long review, anyways, fantastic game (as i said like 500 times already). Buy it!UPDATE: If you were to play this game to review it, you woulddn't like it, if yoou were to play it to, well, play it. You will have a ton of fun! Also, it's basically no man's sky of the snow, but way better. It's so fun to just pick a random place on the map and ski down! Trust me, you'll find something new and exciting EVERY time!Pros:All of the aboveCons:High gpu power (i have a 970 and can run it on high settings 60fps)"
76561197999819604,Recommended,460920,29952979,Posted: 15 February,all,DIBBLE MUNT,"I hate sports, but i like this game, thats pretty much how ill sum it up"
76561198302753173,Recommended,460920,31043263,Posted: 9 April,all,✫Kitsune✫,Great game
,Recommended,460920,30131890,Posted: 23 February,all,Bingle,"Graphics? Unbelievable. Physics? Fantastic. Soundtrack? Better than most. This game is absolutely fantastic, worth the whole $60. The max level of 25 is just about the only downside to it. If you are considering buying this game, do it."
,Recommended,460920,30129012,Posted: 23 February,all,Smokesphere,its ok i guess. pick it up on sale if you really want it. the content is a bit lacking but its still fun. just not for $60 fits the price range of $15 to $20
76561198043843537,Recommended,460920,28898945,Posted: 1 January,all,JiB410,"Okay so after a few iniitial issues, I've managed to get Steep working through the Uplay launcher. However it still won't run on Steam? Game launches, but will not connect to server. Using Uplay however works just fine and Steam logs all time and acheivements, not sure whats causing it I'll be looking into it further.The game itself is so long overdue it's practically good by default. I'm not a fan of the ""online only"" mode as it caused frustration early on with a network issue not allowing me to connect through Steam. (I had a bedroom techie try to indicate that it was a gfx or processor issue, actual troubleshooting found the problem to be the Steam launcher. Re-installing Steam should fix the issue.)I've been snowboarding a lot the past few years and this game will certainly keep me more entertained when I can't get to a slope than Tony Hawks did on a rainy day back in the late ninties. Can't wait to spend more time playing this."
,Recommended,460920,30274336,Posted: 2 March,all,Mental [Unicorn Actual],"Snowboards, Ski's, and Wingsuits!"
,Recommended,460920,30298681,Posted: 3 March,all,Tasker 2016,"Hideously overpriced.  OK for what it is.The skiing and snowboarding are solid, the wingsuit mode sucks, though.I would give this game a strong recommendation at ten bucks, but at sixty they're nuts."
76561198258605160,Recommended,460920,30300173,Posted: 3 March,all,brady n,This game is pretty neat
,Recommended,460920,31419597,Posted: 28 April,all,LordFarquaad,"This is one of those games that i HIGHLY recommend. It is really just that awesome. I love winter sports and even my buddy that doesnt love winter sports loves this game too. I love how much time and effort Ubisoft has put into developing this game and there a still many more updates to go.This game has awesome mechanics and great features both online and when playing alone.The controls are so simple on both keyboard and controller, personally i prefer the keyboard but i pretty sure most prefer the controller. It doesnt work so well with the steam controller, a little fiddling is needed to get a comfortable layout, but Xbox 360 controllers work wonderfully.I love the madness in the game, you can see a screen shot of my rider with a deer hat on in the middle of the night and the air on my profile page.Downsides include the season pass :D Although i did happily purchase this, its anoying that it even exists. However i do think the stuff they've promised for that purchase is deffinately worth it.Another downside for me is that i cant put my own music playlists in which isnt so bad because their tracks are pretty decent. The music can just get slightly tedious.These are relatively small complaints and thats impressive considering the size and comlexity of SteepHope I help you make a decision!Deffinately a highly recommended game."
,Recommended,460920,28769295,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,BruckFL,"I can understand some mixed reviews for this game. Overall the graphics and scenery are stunning, the soundtrack/audio is excellent ( I love the crackling in the fresh powder), and about 99% of the time I enjoy the game as a whole. I do feel there are some issues, the controls can be annoying (especially when trying to do a speedrun and you want to level your character out but then randomly flips or turns more than wanted) and the similarity of challenges can lead to boredom. I feel those who have a skiing or snowboarding background will get the most out of this game. I love being able kick back and start a run while listening to the chill music to relax, but I do feel there can be simple additions that make this game so much better and realistic such as being able to ride snow lifts to a drop, being able to ride down to resorts or cabins as in real life and walk around, more of a real life story interacting with other characters would add so much to this game, but overall this game is solid"
,Recommended,460920,32289632,Posted: 9 June,all,sNK> 🖕,O jogo é divertido mas não vale 130 reais.
76561198147835212,Recommended,460920,28247112,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Travarious Martin Jr III,Fun for a while got boring after about a week havent played since. trying to get back into it in my opinion not worth $60 but the game looks amazing better than any snowboarding game I have ever played
,Recommended,460920,28806426,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Switzerland Sam,"So first of all, I got the game during the sale, so I payed about 46 bucks and not the full price.What I like:- Grafics are awesome, very good feeling when playing and the weather seems realistic- The world is big and full. There is soo much to do and you will never be bored.- NO LOADING TIMES - Seriously there arent any! Just press a button to start on top of a mountan again and you are there instantly. -> Looking at you GTA :(- The Handling is not realsitic but very fun. Its kinda like Skate 3 (good game btw).- Good to play with friends. Just try it, much more fun.What I dont like:- UPLAY sucks, I bet, I will never like that platform- Bugs: Camera gliches throught the rocks, Lawine barrikades ♥♥♥♥ you up big time and the menu sometimes goes haywire. -> These are all minor complaints.- Long term motivation. I played for like 4 days and am the max level and I dont know how much content there is to come. We will see about that...Alltogether I like it and will play it surly some more. And you dont get to play a game, which is set in Switzerland :D9/11 would headbutt a icelake with full power again."
,Recommended,460920,28152904,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,iain,nice
76561198025390149,Recommended,460920,34358354,Posted: 19 August,all,ketterman2,i like
,Recommended,460920,34078022,Posted: 7 August,all,Mack Baggins,"If you want a game you can pick up play an hour or so and put down for awhile this is probably for you.The graphics are amazing and it runs well.The only issue with the game I have is that if you spend about 6 hours in game, you can find and do almost everything.I recommend this game to casual players who like good graphics"
76561198238500970,Recommended,460920,34317191,Posted: 17 August,all,Coffee_Goat,One of the best Winter Sport games out there. Challenging competitions and a good sense of humor too!
76561198195181766,Recommended,460920,33637005,Posted: 18 July,all,Buddha Bread,good
,Recommended,460920,34162744,Posted: 11 August,all,Apple sapple,I love snowboarding and skiing so this is a perfect game for me
,Recommended,460920,34166581,Posted: 11 August,all,kormit the freg,i paid £34.99 to ski down mont blanc as a pink rabbit
,Recommended,460920,34262104,Posted: 15 August,all,Tuddles 2.0,"i like the game and its fun in the first hours but then it gets kinda boring when all you do is the same thing, u unlock new places to be on and then u are there for a while until you go to the next."
76561198047734421,Not Recommended,460920,30914920,Posted: 2 April,all,FranklintheTMNT,"(Serious) Edit: yea, this game has gotten somehow worse. If you don't set your audio in windows to the lowest quality, the sounds in this game has a lot of static. Game no longer auto-detects steam controllers. Changed review to DO NOT RECOMMENDSteep is a superhero game where you are a youtube content creator in a post-apocolyptic arctic wasteland. In this world, you have an adamantium skeleton adapted to withstand an infinite amount of force. You are able to withstand a force that would otherwise kill a normal human being, and shake it off as if you tripped and caught yourself. However, this power comes at a great cost. Your adamantium skeleton is not equipped with the independent capability of jumping without augmentations such as 2 or 1 flat feet, or augmented wings. The problem still persists in your web-suit form.The world has changed very much since the present day. Every single non-youtube creator has uploaded their consciousness to the cloud. As a result, you have to have a constant internet connection to continously upload your extreme videos of you reverse-trustfalling the ground in a wingsuit or you will automatically DC and die. Also, entire villages were abandoned and no human lives in the ""real world"" anymore, only the corporate sponsors. This gets so riled up, like I just drank a Red Bull® and am consumed with the primal energy to strap on my GoPro® and go shred some snow in my North Face®Due to the high demand of computing power thanks to uploading of the entire human conciousness, you must acquire the best computer parts. I have made the mistake of playing this game without upgrading my 16 GB of RAM to 32 GB or closing google chrome; I lost the game after 5 minutes and the game quit automatically to save me the embarrasment.But shredding the mountain man. It's hella on fleek af fam or whatever kids are saying these days. So shred and whatnot.TL;DR unoptimized, sponsored, lack of basic controls, but actually a fun game. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,460920,29396309,Posted: 21 January,all,☻χᴀɴᴀχ☻ ｒａｗ,falls 150 metres wearing wingsuit = 8 geforcebumps into friend at 6 mph = 47.5 geforce
,Recommended,460920,34920790,Posted: 13 September,all,CAKE,we need hud toggle setting even if we are not riding something
