user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011891156,Recommended,461640,23104998,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Jargonaut,"This is a amazing game which I bought for only $0.89.I enjoyed this game totally and spend 35 hours on this game to play it to completion.What is really great about this game is the storyline.The story is not only very interesting, it also have a lot of very surprising twist and turn.When I get to the end I found that everything in the game world is not as it seems.Furthermore, I had a very warm feeling when I finish the game.I have a new understanding of what God and Demon means (in this particular game world).There is also themes romance, sacrifice, prejudice etc that makes the game a lot deeper than what it appears initially.I also love the way the game progress from beginning to end.It unfolds like a mystery novel, and I can also play several flashback of past events which helps me understand the story. Some of the flashbacks contains surprising revelations that totally change my perception of the protagonist and antagonist. You also play flashback of different characters each with their unique point of view and you get to understand their rationale of why they did certain things.  I would say that the developer of this game is really a Master Story Teller.This game is defintely not the mindless hack and slash RPG Maker story.It is also not the typical demon-destroy-the-world and you-destroy-the-demon story that is repeated in many rpg games. I would give the plot a A++.As for the downside, a few of the Steam Achievements are not working.However, the developer is actively trying to fix them and release patches of the game whenever he found a solution.In conclusion, this game is defintely worth the $0.89. I would even pay $9.99 for this game as it is better than many of the RPG Maker games that is selling at this price. I own more than 50 RPG Maker games, and I know this genre very well. Good job, developer."
,Not Recommended,461640,28162499,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Danielbar,"I want to love it! I want to keep playing it! The story seems amazing...BUT WHY oh WHY are the fighting system like that??It's Final Fantasy type of fights ( amazing, love it) but real time - ish...Wich basicly means that the first to use things wins.So basicaly, when you have 20 items, you have to scroll through them while the boss is still attacking...you cycle through skills while the mobs keep attacking...Im sorry, but it just ruins it for me. It's insane! Just let me think this through!!Where is the strategy?? Im Tired of just spamming space bar to be the first to strike with a basic attack..."
,Recommended,461640,32517754,Posted: 17 June,all,DjokerNationESL,"So far so good!Really enjoy this game, despite the several rps that people are making with rpgmaker and other applications, this game really stood out for me a hidden gem, took me back to the memories of my childhood rpgs^_^Highly recommend it. Well worth buyingIF there is something that could be better, would prehaps be the combat system while flashy attacks in rpg games dont really affect my view of them, this would give this rpg more vibe and spirit. More concepts or abilities would be nice too. Nonetheless a 7/10 gold."
,Recommended,461640,23687030,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Ｋｏｎａｍｏｎ🦁,"Got this game from one of the RPG Maker bundles. At first, it didn't look interesting, but when you play it and know what it is about, probably your opinion can change.Story:The curse thing about the story is VERY interesting. The story itself is interesting. The characters have their own personalities. You'll can see some notable influences the story has with japanese culture. It's not a bad thing, but for some people, it isn't interesting.8/10Gameplay:Well, the overworld gameplay is pretty normal, like any ""normal"" RPG Maker game. But the battles are a little intense, you'll actually use items, skills, even on normal monsters.7/10Graphics:Is this from the Japanese DLC pack, or something? Anyway, it's good! The sprites are fine, and the mapping is admirable! The developer did a good job with some basic resources.8/10Sound:The soundtrack is okay. It gives the game some good ambience.6.5/10Final Score: 8/10.For a RPG Maker game, this is better than expected. The game have nice dialogues, battles that you don't just keep pressing Z/Space/Enter, the maps are well made... The only complain is about the monsters. They are a little repetitive and harsh. It would be interesting something like ""Major Greed"" or ""So-So Sloth"", dunno, heh.Personal Opinion:(Thanks developer for not putting random battles in those big maps...) I still haven't finished it, but I'm willing to. The price is okay, but it's a little cheap for a game that it's actually good for RPG Maker. Give it a try. Too bad those games have the fame of being rushed to be done, or simply bad :/"
76561198055393926,Recommended,461640,24564549,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Halo | CaptainDonger,"Holy CRAP. I just finished this game and -man- did it give me an emotional rollercoaster. My heart broke multiple times during this game. Characters were built realitistically, and with strong backgrounds. Story is top-notch, to which I couldn't predict the plot twists (which normally is a piece of cake for me). Combat kept me on the edge of my seat! Short. but sweet and definitely worth the money for the game. 9.5/10 with the .5 off simply because of the fact that it's an RPG-maker game with low graphics. Big whup."
,Recommended,461640,28921641,Posted: 1 January,all,Igamaru,"Will start with the fact that I expected practicaly nothing from a game I buy for 0,22 EUR, well I was in for a really good surprise. The game practicaly pulled me in with a nice story line and entertinment thro out the game.PROS:1. Awesome story.2. Simplistic and easy to understand3. Has few simple puzzls in it4. Has food crafting system5. Treasure searching systemCONS:1. In a way I didnt like that it had in total 14 different enemys, which made the combat more or less boring at some point.2. No gear or such kind of stat boosting option, except food, that you would need get materials for, but it might be for the best, as it didnt make you think too much.3. Some of the treasures/secrets are made in such way, that if you miss it at the moment when you first come to the area, well you can say goodbye to the secret and the ""Q"" at few of the missions is realy nearly invisable.Summing it all up, I would actualy be ready to pay 2.99 at the least for the fun memorys I gained from this game and the nice vibe it gives. Considering the price I payed and the fun I gaained 10/10"
76561198058549230,Not Recommended,461640,29850669,Posted: 11 February,all,Matu,"Interesting story and excellent soundtrack, but the combat mechanics are annoying.  It's like a JRPG except your turns are timed, so you end up playing ""race through menu choices"" in combat.  Maybe other people like it, but to me it just turns into button mashing until you get to the right menu and makes it a lot harder to strategize in combat.  If this one had traditional JRPG combat, it would be a definite recommendation from me."
,Recommended,461640,32393185,Posted: 13 June,all,Eatafkincookie,"First of all I'd like to say I love this game, it's a very good length for the price I got it and just left me with a good taste in my mouth.Pros-The story is great, the twist and turns keep you on your toes, some twists predicatble and some not so much. I thoroughly enjoyed the ride and would recommend it just for the story alone.-The characters and art are great, they've all got their own distinct personalities and you can really feel the relationships-The soundtrack is decent-The combat isn't as bad as people make it out to be, I like the fact you have to be quick and that it's not turned based but actually time based-Each time you save, your health is replenished! so you don't have to worry too much if you're getting destroyed and the save points are well spaced so you can leave the game whenever you need toCons-I feel like sometimes developing the relationships could have lasted a bit longer so you *really* felt for the characters, it may have made the game longer but it took an unrealistically short amount of time to start liking someone at times-You need to stock up on attack and/or defence bonuses otherwise the battles get quite difficult as you go on-I might have spotted a grammatical error or twoAll in all I loved it! I would certainly recommend it for the price"
76561198054735238,Recommended,461640,32819329,Posted: 26 June,all,Fanciful Spoon,"Hello human person, this is a TL;DR thingy, but at the front!!The game's story is a true gem, you won't regret buying it. There are minimal issues with the game itself. The gain far surpasses the loss.WARNING: Not sure if it was this game, or the other RPG's I ran into, but if this game ever has a tag for Nudity or Sexual anything, it'd be fake. Just a heads up. This game has absolutely nothing sexual. It only vaguely references to a couple peoples having sex...I think only once.. yeah.PROTIP: make sure,  if you do buy this game, that you get the food recipes for attack buff and maybe even defense buff. You may need to kill a few demons here and there to get enough money for the recipes. These buffs are very important IMO, because I personallly got to the big bad boss at an early level and didnt have enough power to beat him. These buffs will make combat later on a crap ton less of a hellish experience.STORYIf you LOVE a great story, and are willing to pull yourself through a rather incomparably smaller bunch of issues to get there, this game is for you. The game is worth buying just for the story alone. It was great. I almost wanted to replay it all over again right after I finished. The side quests are rather small and easy to do typically. I had a bit of incentive to do them, sometimes peoples would give me some cool stuff, or extra food to keep me alive. some of the side quests sorta encouraged you to do them just because you were so darned happy to meet the person to begin with, you just can't resist helping nice peoples!!! It was great helping my sorta mommy~ish figure find her bag. I cared about her.COMBATThe combat system is not anywhere as bad as advertised. Yes, it can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes, sometimes the enemies are very powerful, health spongey, and mean. BUT BUT BUT BUT!!!!    If you get the recipes for food for pork buns and dango, you are good to go. You will kick their asses easier, and it will not be hell. You get plenty of money ingame, and opportunites to farm it if need be, to survive the entirety of the game. It isn't crazy grindy.If you want an example of sorts, I killed the big bad boss man at level 15 with ONLY pork buns(ATK) up to 115 on all my party members. I didnt bother with defense, I kicked♥♥♥♥♥with that alone. This took a decent chunck of time farming for gold off the baby demons, but it was well worth it, because it made my combat experience more fun.  I probably spent about 30min to an hour farming this gold. That is not much times and honestly, I reccommend that you attack alot more baby demons, because avoiding enemies got me into the hole of needing to grind a little bit. So just don't avoid them and you'll probnably save up some good money easier. Oh yeah forgot to say, needed the gold to buy ingredients for making pork buns.BUGSI came acrossa bug with the pork buns at one point, where you'd eat a ton of them, and it didn't increase your ATK. So I recommend before you eat anything, make a SAVE FIRST!!!! It'll save you a bit of hassle.There are also reports of bugs within the food crafting system. Some peoples reported getting more food than they were supposed to, or vice versa. Again, SAVE FIRST!!!!Sometimes the combat UI may flub up on you. This may have just been my keyboard, idk. It barely messed up for me, and it won't screw your game at all.By the way, the game story+side quests was appropriately labled as 10 hours and 3 hours, I have more because I had the game open for some time whilst not playing it, AND because I spent some time grinding at the end there sorta off and on over the course of an hour or 2.10/10 would save Lanistra all over again."
,Recommended,461640,22979632,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Squanchy,"Let me start this off by saying that I don't really review any games, since most of the games I get are already popular. However I gave this one a shot...At first, I clicked on the game because of the animu picture. Once I heard the cheasy background music for the intro I laughed for a little, but decided to watch through it. Let me tell you that it was worth it. The game was $.89 when I got it as it was on sale for 55% off.The game feels like a classic RPG, and definately brings you back to the olden days of RPG - the ambiance, battle system, storyline, characters, and even the text boxes are reminiscent of some sort of Final Fantasy/Pokemon crossover. I personally love this game right now, especially for the insanely cheap price.If you have a few quarters left over from buying whatever it is you are buying, I'd definately recommend this game.PROS--Pretty good storyline-Good characters and character development-Fun and interesting battle system - active and somewhat challenging to be honest-Not a lot of glitches from what I've seen-Very cheap game-Your brother is a demon-cat thing-Nostalgia inducing-Pretty funny gameCons--A bit short-If you are even remotely near a demon (enemy) they will find you and attack you, Liam Neeson style."
,Recommended,461640,30330524,Posted: 4 March,all,Tyler the Ultimate Badass,Worth every centAll 19 of them
,Not Recommended,461640,34102824,Posted: 8 August,all,Chirpy13,"It's an okay game.  The story is solid but everything else is pretty poor.  The music and visuals are nothing special, and the combat is incredibly unbalanced.  Beyond the first few enemy types you encounter, most enemies have a huge amount of HP and are pain to fight.  They deal a lot of damage while barely taking any themselves, and level grinding is far too slow to be worthwhile.  Then around mid-game the cooking system becomes incredibly overpowered and completely flips this upside down if abused.  The story is pretty good though if you can tolerate your way through all the game's faults, and it's incredibly cheap to buy.  If you have some spare change then give it a try, but it's not something that I would recommend highly."
,Recommended,461640,30580375,Posted: 17 March,all,Tenaris Brae,"Got the game on sale figuring ""I'm paying £0.20, even if it's terrible it'll be worth it for the steam cards,"" and I was pleasantly surprised.Pros:-Engaging story, with surprising depth.-Interesting and likeable characters.-Decent combat, reminiscent of old-style RPGs.-Good length. Despite not being the 12 hours of gameplay promised, my first run of the game took 10.5 hours, so it's still very good for the price.Cons:-The combat is easily broken if you find certain exploits.-If you're an achievement fanatic/completionist, it's very frustrating to be forced to replay the entire game for one or two missed collectables.Overall a very enjoyable experience. 8/10."
,Recommended,461640,28207861,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Sweep,"About Sins Of The Demon RPGFollow the journey of Kenshi, a wandering demon hunter, and his brother, a demon cat seeking a way to return to his true form. Can they find a way to end the curse and save Lanistra?The Story in Sins Of The Demon RPGYou know that game that makes you skip your bed because you want to continue playing to see what happens next? This game is one of those. The story itself is quite simple if you take the whole bunch, but seeing how the stuff were presented to the player makes it much more immersive and touching, I simply loved how the things developed and at the end I had me like ""Gosh, I want more of this"". The only things that bugs me is about some realism questions like that 10 yr. old boy fighting at your side, but still, I must use the ""fantasy creative freedom"" in order to nullify the value of these question of mine.The Level DesignI'm a bit too overcritical about this since mapmaking is my biggest skill in RPG Maker, but still, this game managed to deliver a well made ""network"" styled maps that gives a good immersion and that I had a lot of fun exploring, for those who don't know that it, is that when maps are strictly connected one to the others, a.k.a., no World Map for travelling and etcoetera (This is not an actual a precise definition but you all must have got the idea right now). What I didn't like a bit was that some times the map feels pretty empty, in the sense like, there could be more details in some parts, but that's okay (I tend to give too much detail to my maps sometimes).Also, the whole country feels pretty small, I think that the developers could've used some graphical resources to make things more countinous.The GameplayOkay, what pisses me off as a developer is to adjust the gameplay in order to keep the difficulty okay (not too easy but also not too hard), this game make things works well, except that sometimes you can power level with ease by leaving and entering on it again. My suggestion to this kind of ""respawn"" is to respawn only certain mobs on the map, let me say, one third of all the mobs? That sounds like pretty reasonable for me, anything to difficult the power level can be used to that, not to mention that there's a way to farm money by making pork buns, and with that, I got like the main character with an ATK of 220 (I could've done more, but I had little time then). Recapitulating, the gameplay fits pretty well the game's purpose, the only complaint are those mathematical and technical questions about leveling up and money making, that doesn't actually ""break"" the game.All inAll Sins Of The Demon RPGis a very nice RPG Game!8/10 From MeSweep"
76561198009316076,Recommended,461640,24755677,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,The Matlock,"I just finished this game, and without a doubt, this is the saddest goddamned game I have ever played, let alone the saddest role playing game. The story in this game is extremely well written, and the world, the characters, and just the whole setting are engrossing and will draw you in. But it's all sad. You have happy moments, but in the end it all ends up being sad. It is also full of several really neat twists to the plot, although a couple of them you can see coming from a bit far away. It doesn't diminish their quality however.The rest of the game supports the story well. It might be an RPG Maker title, but the maps are well done, and all characters sprites are a pleasure to look at. The one thing you may have a problem with is the repetiveness and backtracking, as the entire game takes place on one series of interconnected maps spawninng about six areas with maps in between to travel between them. So you will tread the same ground repeatedly.The battles in the game are enjoyable and fast paced as it is set permanently to an active time battle system. All your commands must be chosen quickly as the enemies will not wait for you. The game has no additional equipment to buy, only items, and also several recipes which you can use to cook healing and stat boosting items. Money is easy to find as you can find various items to sell and then you can either buy items or cooking supplies.Although the enemies do suffer from a bit of repetitiveness as well. The games story does revolve around the seven deadly sins, but you will mainly be seeing enemies based on sloth, greed, wrath, and pride during the game; enemies based on lust, gluttony, and envy, only show up in single areas as you progress, and outside of this you fight bandits. Boss battles, outside of the first one, are usually against one of the more powerful enemies you haven't fought yet, or a huge group of enemies you normally wouldn't encounter together.I got this as part of a $0.65 bundle of titles but you should buy it on its own if any of this sounds appealing to you. Just remember to keep some kleenex handy; you'll understand why.A heavy hearted, teary eyed, JRPG battling, recommendation [full of sadness :( ]"
,Recommended,461640,24562946,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BlackSoul无限,"I am a simple man. I see RPG in the title, I buy game."
,Recommended,461640,23092907,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,VGJesus,"If you really want a simple RPG with a base storyline and you are a fan of mysticism and such, this is the game for you. I would highly recommend this game for those who like a bit of a throwback on their plate mixed with a heaping dose of nostalgia.PROS:-A simple objective for a player. With an ultimatum goal in his mind.-Deep mired character that unravels as you go.-COOKING! Normally seen in those TALES games. Its a refreshing change of pace in a top down RPG.-Witty cutscenes that you have to watch.-Journals: So you can keep track of what you are doing in the game and not get confused where you left off. This is huge and paramount to RPG's nowadays. It definitely helped.CONS:-Lack of customization: No way to improve stat's via equipment change or getting new weapons or add ons. I have played this game for a bit and have yet to see such things.-COOKING: It only heals health. No strength bonuses. No stat bonuses. Just health.-May possibly be a short game.All in all: 8.5/10This is one of those flawed masterpieces that one shouldn't overlook. There may be those flaws as stated above, but the gameplay and story overshadow some of these. This is probably the programmer's first attempt at such a game. Maybe, maybe not. But I am eager to see future works from whomever made this. I would give you a round of applause. This game has captured me.It is a compelling story. One worth taking the journey on."
,Recommended,461640,30633318,Posted: 20 March,all,Royal Rambler,"I didn't know what I was getting into when I got this game. I had seen it flashing by a couple of times, but I had never felt convinced up until now.I was in an RPG mood, so I gave it a try (the game was on sale, so I grabbed it).The story had more depth to it than I expected it would have.I found the characters likeable. I easily grew fond of them.This game plays like a very compact, extremely basic and simplistic RPG.There's no fancy equipment whatsoever. The mobs are quite idiotic (I liked their design, but their battle AI was poor).The story did make up for all of this. The story is what drove me to finish the game and I'm glad I did - it was rather touching. More so than I had expected!It's one of those stories where the plot is revealed thru flashbacks - this was done quite well, I must say.I am content. Glad I played. Lots of time spent going back-and-forth though (way too much time - a lot of it could have been cut down and replaced with more original content).All-in-all, the game is okay. There were some dull moments, but the story left me in tears nonetheless - ouch!NB the cover pic for this game is rather misleading - the character in the pic is a Lust Demon (there's only a single apparition of such a demon in game, and it's not even part of the main plot - more like a subplot)I do not take well to false or misleading advertisement... and I feel like the developers would benefit more if they changed it - it's not exactly representative of what the game is about (I'm hoping they'll change it)"
76561198007849368,Recommended,461640,28283493,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Shadonic,"This game is way better than it has any right to be, even more for its price.I initially bought it because it was extremely cheap and expected absolutely nothing out of it, except maybe getting my rpg fix, as I would most likely enjoy anything that isnt too bad.And at first I thought it was exactly that, felt like it was a generic story in a underground game that no one would really care, but then as it developed, Sins Of The Demon showed that they werent afraid of making things end in a grim way, many times refusing to use the good generic solution where everything ends happily ever after, which helps in developing its characters even further and coming out as a good tragedy worthy of anyone's time. More so, i'd like to mention i'm amazed at the fact parts of the soundtrack are original.I would also like to point out that there are places in this game where you will explore and the only thing you will gain out of it is pure lore, it is an especially nice touch, and makes the experience way richer, would personally recommend this to anyone who wants to just enjoy a good story while exploring the world."
,Recommended,461640,33757105,Posted: 23 July,all,»Duckz«,Got my attack to 999 and one tapped everyone into oblivion
76561198066224214,Recommended,461640,25662674,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Akame,I'm not an RPG player and this was my first RPG in a long time but this was great. It has a unique battle style that makes you have to think quickly. The storyline was also phenominal! I won't spoil anything but I will say that i'm very suprised of how much depth and backstory the game has. You also get to play as the character in flashbacks needed to progress knowledge of the story. All in all a well-rounded great game.
,Recommended,461640,23664754,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Aya,"I really enjoyed myself with this little RPG. It has everything I like in this type of game. The story is really nice, compelling, funny, sad. The dialogs are fun and the team that develops throughout the story is touching. A very original RPG to try for fans of the genre."
,Recommended,461640,26202767,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,hideki16seiyuu,"Short and sweet! There's not much in the way of side-quests, and you will have to grind to fight some of the bigger bosses, but the story's pretty solid, and the characters are interesting and likeable, particularly the two brothers. My biggest complaint is that there's no ability to upgrade weapons or armor, but for something simple to put on to play before bed, I enjoyed myself.TLDR; a very simple, short game, but likeable. I'd give it a 3.5 out of 5 for what it is."
,Not Recommended,461640,23268119,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lithium,It just honestly isnt my type of story.It feels like a generic anime. There are interesting things about the plot but the main characters feel so cliche I didnt even want to give it a second chance. Nothing hooks me at the start of the game. It felt boring and a bit of task to play. Sure some mechanics are cool and interesting but I honestly wouldn't recommend it.
,Recommended,461640,24706882,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,本物のキズナアイ,"TL;DR: Probably the best storytelling in an RPG ever. Play this game.I don't usually write reviews, but damn, this game.Probably the best writing I've ever seen, and I've played a LOT of RPGs during the last 10 years. Nothing is what it seems. The story is amazingly well-written and executed, the dialogues are amazing, and although I was skeptical at first, the skits give you a completely different feel for the game. For the first time in an RPG do you actually see the party bond during the journey, intead of just suddenly being BFFs after a couple of stupid cutscenes. The characters idly chat, joke, make silly comments, bond and get to know each other in a way I have never seen before in an RPG. The closest thing to this I've ever played was To the moon.I really can't stress how good the story in this game is. Nothing ends up being the way you thought it would, and you constantly have to reconsider past events. The game does so much to get you in touch with the characters, which just makes the events that happen so much more touching. And my god, the dialog is INTELLIGENT. I am so tired of being insulted by ""Oh, no, who would do such a thing?! What a jerk!"" and the likes, but this game. THIS GAME! Every single line made sense and felt natural. The characters didn't feel like they had the minds of 3-year-olds, but of real people. Japanese RPGs often have so cringy lines, and even English ones rarely have writing this good. The game is also ridiculously long for such a cheap game. 1€ for over 10 hours of story? This was worth more than that, but I'm afraid I'd never have found the game if it wasn't so cheap in the first place...That being said, the game has its flaws. The combat system is a bit bland, and there are few abilities and interaction between them. You'll almost always just paralyze/tackle/blind the enemy and bash them to death with a couple of double-hit attacks. At some point you also unlock the ability to craft stat items which even sell for more than the ingredients you need for them, so you can essentially get infinite money and stats by just cooking repeatedly. This was... boring. I ended up using Cheat Engine to skip the grinding and max out my stats simply to advance the story faster. Luckily, you can avoid most battles (it was an excellent choice to not have random battles!) and even the bosses aren't terribly difficult once you unlock the stat items and grind cooking for a few minutes. Still, the focus is on the excellent storytelling and writing, and the game is more than worth your time despite the combat system not being too interesting."
,Recommended,461640,30344179,Posted: 5 March,all,Shoukaku,"For less than 50 cents, this game is surely something to enjoy!I like how the story set sail at the start of the game, of which it's actually a cutscene from the last level fight, super cool.I've been amazed by the story the whole time I was playing this game. The story plot is well-arranged, a twist here and there to make things entertaining. Characters have fun dialogues and played their roles well, so there wasn't really any dull event in the game.The downsides of it are that the battle system forces you to act quickly, which is mainly spamming the attack button for grinding, but that's no doubt one of the core concept of playing rpgs. You could also actually get stucked if you push a boulder to the dungeon entrance, but I doubt anyone's as stupid as me to do that. A little of map layout bugs here and there, but honestly they're all too little to notice. The textures, soundtracks, sounds and game resources are a bit on the cliche side as well, could be a bummer if you're looking for cool soundtracks, but I honestly didn't expect much from such a small price tag. This game did fairly well for it's range, honestly.Grinding only took around 2-3 hours, nothing extraordinary or weird to nitpick, it's a great game if you're a light-hearted RPG-type fan who loves to explore around. To put up short, Sins of The Demon is great with its story, while still being balanced with every other aspects you'd find in a RPG Maker game.While this marks my 20th achievement-aced game, I'm still in the process of finding something more seasonal to play. I'd love to hear out game recommendation from the people around"
,Not Recommended,461640,26099643,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Heaven Eyes,Only bought it to support the guy who drew that Succubus.
,Recommended,461640,25695476,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,XplodinKittensOriginal,"This game was very enjoyable. The story was quite interesting, and the battles where a nice challenge. I liked the idea of the optional skits, they really added depth into the characters and story. For 1.99 this game was definitly worth it, especially since it was quite long too. I would recomend this game."
,Recommended,461640,28267440,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Arcana,"Note: This review does NOT contain any spoilers+ The game absorbs you instantly in it's world perfectly.+ Excellent story, with a great flow.+ Very amazing design on maps which allows explorers a lot of fun!+ Side quests are elegantly designed.+ Most humor was well delivered, I had tears laughing time to time.- Battle difficulty is considerably inconsistent and probably way too hard for someone who are not familiar with rpgcombat mechanics.- There are some weird, small flaws, like Kenshi saying ""I don't need to go in there"" when he is not even in party. Iguess that's understandable in indie stuff though.- Cooking is one of the key features in game, and has a big effect on Kenshi's personality and stuff, yet has a poorly designed interface.Was a great experience overall, I want to thank to the amazing small team of designers for allowing me to have this experience. I recommend Sins of the Demon to everyone who would enjoy an amazing story in a JRPG game."
,Recommended,461640,30641163,Posted: 20 March,all,Korv,I bought this game so I can have the sexy girl on my profile.
,Recommended,461640,24285135,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Red Kaiser,"So, I'm not the person who plays a lot of RPG Maker games, even though I've been working with the software for years, let me say that this was my first game after a long time, and I must say I'm impressed about it, I'll be a bit analytical sometimes in this review because I want to share some points as a developer as well, so let's start:Story:You know that game that makes you skip your bed because you want to continue playing to see what happens next? This game is one of those. The story itself is quite simple if you take the whole bunch, but seeing how the stuff were presented to the player makes it much more immersive and touching, I simply loved how the things developed and at the end I had me like ""Gosh, I want more of this"". The only things that bugs me is about some realism questions like that 10 yr. old boy fighting at your side, but still, I must use the ""fantasy creative freedom"" in order to nullify the value of these question of mine.Gameplay:Okay, what pisses me off as a developer is to adjust the gameplay in order to keep the difficulty okay (not too easy but also not too hard), this game make things works well, except that sometimes you can power level with ease by leaving and entering on it again. My suggestion to this kind of ""respawn"" is to respawn only certain mobs on the map, let me say, one third of all the mobs? That sounds like pretty reasonable for me, anything to difficult the power level can be used to that, not to mention that there's a way to farm money by making pork buns, and with that, I got like the main character with an ATK of 220 (I could've done more, but I had little time then). Recapitulating, the gameplay fits pretty well the game's purpose, the only complaint are those mathematical and technical questions about leveling up and money making, that doesn't actually ""break"" the game.Level Design:I'm a bit too overcritical about this since mapmaking is my biggest skill in RPG Maker, but still, this game managed to deliver a well made ""network"" styled maps that gives a good immersion and that I had a lot of fun exploring, for those who don't know that it, is that when maps are strictly connected one to the others, a.k.a., no World Map for travelling and etcoetera (This is not an actual a precise definition but you all must have got the idea right now). What I didn't like a bit was that some times the map feels pretty empty, in the sense like, there could be more details in some parts, but that's okay (I tend to give too much detail to my maps sometimes).Also, the whole country feels pretty small, I think that the developers could've used some graphical resources to make things more countinous I suppose?Overall:A pretty well made game, even with those petty defects that I mentioned it managed to give me a lot of fun while playing it, I definitely recommend it, it was totally worth my money. I rate 8.75 / 10."
,Recommended,461640,28682706,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jessicanity,"Great story, enjoyable characters, and highly enjoyable overall. The combat is a bit tricky, since with the 'active' combat, trying to select an item or power before you get smashed with a rage barrage or something is not that easy. However, this is not totally unsalvageable, since if you really struggle, you can power up your stats by cooking certain foods, thereby making you a certifiable badass and letting you kill the boss in two hits. Go you, you incredible cook.But really, 9/10. I was very impressed, seeing as some RPG maker games can be pretty poor."
76561198063081334,Recommended,461640,25477535,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Batman,1) Good story that'll keep you interested from start to end. (Abit generic at time but still good)2) Well worth the price its being sold at3) Somewhat challenging battles without grinding but definitely beatable.4) Game feels incomplete. There is one ingredient in the game that isn't needed to make anything. Oddly enough some items are cheaper to buy than craft which makes no sense at all... Maybe it does if you think of it in a weird way. A couple of locations that aren't used in the game in any meaningful way.I give this game a 8/10 considering the low low price its sold at.
76561198030896901,Recommended,461640,33342257,Posted: 7 July,all,Ayvuir,"Played this game for a total amount of 22 Hours. The hours consisted of 1 normal run and 1 fast run.Review of the game:1) Interesting storyline and character interactions, though it can be improved as it is rather too short.2) Real time battle system can be good concept, though it can be a downfall as well because it takes the the enjoyment away.3) Character development can be improved. The only development seen is the main character and not the other characters.4) Recruitment of other characters should be implementd to increase the enjoyment of the game.5) Monster from the 7 sins should be used evenly (i.e. lust/succubus demon only appeared once and is never to be seen again).Overall the game is acceptable, though it should be treated as a shortgame for fun and enjoyment.Not recommended for intense/serious players."
,Recommended,461640,34168184,Posted: 11 August,all,Hoshii,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Recommended,461640,30610736,Posted: 19 March,all,Ainz:[nZk],"worth every penny to this game.+ Trading Card+ Achivements+ Gameplay+++ Storyeven you dont have to change armour or weapon you can craft your stats by cook. cook is everything in this game, developer chef maybe or love cooks. story really good, plot twist, jokes on npc and team good too. thanks for great game with few cents."
76561198108615315,Recommended,461640,23147135,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Caveira,"Very fun RPG, exactly what I was looking for (I miss this format...). The memory 'game-scenes' were kind of long and didn't make me want to play them much since I knew any levels gained wouldn't be retained, but it was fun to actively interact in them. Another drawback of the game is the fact that there were no weapon/armor shops or equipment swap for that matter =/ But overall totally worth playing it once :) Gratz to the developers..."
,Recommended,461640,26524910,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,mynameismonkey,"What's For The Situation?Sloth, energy, fierceness, resent, pride, covetous, and crave; these may appear like the eager states of some individual spending an end of the week in Vegas anyway they're truly the purpose behind the new RPGSins of the Shrewd Soul.Sins of the Maliciousnearness happens in where there is Lanistra, a world that has been in turmoil since the removal of the villain Isharul. As his naughtiness was obliged from Lanistra, Isharul set an upbraid upon land; any person who again and again submits one of the seven lethal sins changes into a malevolent soul. For the all inclusive community of Lanistra, all trust is lost, unless a legend can create to lift the chide from the land. This is the fundamental setup forSins of the Malevolent Soul, the beforehand specified legend is Kenshi, a demon seeker who sets out from town to town with Shinto, his kin. Shinto isn't just Kenshi's kin, he is moreover a fallen angel, and a catlike, who can talk (basically keep running with it). To various, this will all seem, by all accounts, to be really standard for a redirection made in RPG maker; battle animals, invigorate your social affair, save the world, wash and repeat. In any case, this is unquestionably not a treat cutter RPG, everything from fight to character associations are executed in an innovative and fun way.The gameplay inSins of the Malicious Soulwill be outstanding to any person who's played a Super NES period RPG. In any case, any enthusiast of RPG's will see some huge complexities after only two or three minutes of gameplay. The battle system is the essential thing that setsSins of the Shrewdisolated from the sea of RPG Maker entertainments that litter Steam's store page. The beguilement uses a Dynamic Time Battle System (ATB) which infers that enemies will continue assaulting your social occasion whether you've picked a charge or not. This battle structure makes the redirection's fight speedy and wild, while so far obliging players to use approach to be viable. It makes the fight feel like a session of speed chess, simply pounding the strike is an equation for dissatisfaction.A Worship For SustenanceTalking about recipes,Sins of the Maliciousfurthermore uses an especially made cooking system which grants players to forte prosperity restoring support things from fixings accumulated through the entertainment. The structure replaces the routine Motel System, where a social affair can be completely recovered by napping in a bed. Here, the most ideal approach to patch your social affair is to either make support things from fixings found through examination and fight, or to buy those sustenance things from shops. Making a player need to spend either money or supplies to recuperate prosperity adds an advantages organization segment to the preoccupation and offers stakes to the gameplay. Much like the fight, this repairing structure obliges players to meticulously consider their exercises. ""Should I cook a rice ball now for a dab of prosperity, or peril chasing down more fixings to cook the more helpful sushi?"" These are the sorts of request that players will dependably be thinking about, you never get something forever and every action has a result.Sins of the Maliciousmoreover breaks RPG custom by barring any sort of weapon structure in the delight, so there's no buffing out character subtle elements by supplanting weapons and support. In a comparable vein, there's no detail customization when a character venture up, most of the character's subtle elements basically augment at a persevering rate. At in any case, it gives off an impression of being odd that a RPG that unmistakably has had so much care put into its arrangement would disregard to consolidate this key worker. Regardless, as with retouching, the character customization is used through the diversion's cooking system. Around the end of the essential show of the redirection, players are given the ability to cook or purchase unprecedented character buffing supports that grants players to tailor their subtle elements to their adoring. Using the cooking structure to make both prosperity things and detail buffs is an entrancing worker and is even laced with the redirection's story. Kenshi's love for sustenance and cooking is one of his vital character traits. Right when the cooking repairman is given it enjoyably dovetails what you certainly think about the character, which is attracting as the gameplay grows normally from the redirection's story.From an unadulterated gameplay perspective there's little to fuss about. The diversion's inconvenience scales wonderfully with your get-together's development, keeping the gameplay testing while never making you have to expel your hair. The essential story mission times in at around ten hours with an extra three hours of side missions. Inquisitively, a bit of the side excursions are only available in the midst of a particular window of time in the redirection, once that window closes players can't get to those missions. This will no ifs ands or buts aggravate a couple of players, be that as it may it urges you to totally research a range before moving onto another district.SecuresSins of the Underhandedlooks like a standard RPG Maker preoccupation, yet the overall laid out gameplay and the immersive story show that it is unquestionably not. Both the Dynamic Time Battle system and how cooking is used as a character development laborer make a nice mix of new and understood entertainment mechanics. Incorporate an intriguing and interfacing with plot and any enthusiast of Super NES period RPG's will watch this preoccupation to be certainly advocated even in spite of the cost of attestation.(All reviews are retrieved from the Internet and piped through a succession of synonym tools three times both for humour and to save time. In my religion, this is known as Art(TM), but you can call it ""Threewording"")"
,Not Recommended,461640,23837783,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,stardustsunday,"There are countless RPG Maker games around. This one plays like something that should be free, in terms of quality and story.- I found the premise dumb, uninspired and it failed to make me give two hoots.- The introduction contained grammatical errors (the usual""it's""instead of""its"").- Battles are in real-time and take place fast, so instead of strategising, it all boils down to reaction time.- Side quests expire, so they need to be completed in a linear fashion, and not in free time.- Landscapes and environments are boring, mainly yellow and fail to convey a sense of immersion.- Lead character and his cat brother are not likeable, mainly due to poor dialogue.- Dialogue and story setup/flow lack depth and come across as being written by a kid or teen.This game might appeal to a younger audience because it has a cat that looks cute and can fight.I like my games with a strong plot and compelling narrative, which this game lacks to provide. The so-called ""story"" and dialogue are abysmal. If you can overlook this point, then maybe you might want to give this a try. But I wouldn't pay to play this."
,Recommended,461640,29257363,Posted: 14 January,all,Axel Sama,"I have no idea what the people giving this game a negative review, are upset about. Perhaps they've had previous versions which were buggy or have a different Active-Time Battle system, but it's a well-done mechanism. You will most likely have some trouble getting used to it at the beginning (As did I), but that's pretty much because you only start with 2 characters in your party.The ATB doesn't feel like much for the first half of the game, but when you reach the second half of the game, you'll probably start realizing the system to its full potential. Health, SP (Equivalent of Mana), buffs, debuffs, you'll need to manage all of these simultaneously if you wish to win any fight later in the game, and the ATB system makes it quite challenging.I just wanted to clear this up, also I think the ATB system has been updated, because I haven't encountered anything similiar to the complaints about the battle system.This game isn't anything groundbreaking, but it's definitely an enjoyable experience for an RPGMaker game. Music is a bit repetitive, enemies are limited, attacks are limited, dialogues are actually nice and creative, but the writing has some grammatical errors if you read it carefully.Overall, it's a pretty decent game and definitely worth more than its price."
,Recommended,461640,31573983,Posted: 5 May,all,ButtonMash0847,"Only grab this game if you are a huge fan of pixel RPG's, if you are not then stay away.7/10"
,Recommended,461640,24815398,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Xas,"Outstanding and Well written story,combination of humor and emotional dialouges between the characters.Combat is similar to all the others but with the Cooldown bar, makes battles more intense,where every battle is crucial in conserving health and stamina.A Good Game at a low price.Read and enjoy the story.Play carefully with the aid of the walkthrough guide, can easily unlock the achievements on one run.I Recommend."
,Recommended,461640,23842665,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Pawelandbajer | trade.tf,"Yo everyone. I'll write something what I don't usually write. This game is worth it's price and could easily cost more! To be more specific, the plot is very good, it keeps a player interested and wondering what will be the next twist. Moreover, Idk if it's a good usage of this word but it's kind of challenging to meet all of the requirements for certain side quests (if you find them ofc, which is nicely hidden and only for explorers : D). I had a really great time playing this title and it is rare these days. Almost every game put graphics above a plot and I can't stand it. Here is, as you could say, ""the old school"" of games (not mentioning that it's done in rpg maker I guess, but it's off-topic).ANYWAY...I'm giving 10/10 for entertainment it gave me. I'll miss this game and I really would like to rewind time and play it again without knowing what awaits me. It's a game which switches a player's feelings as it wishes. One second you are sad, then the very next one makes you smile. I'm very glad I got to play a game like this one and hopefully I'll get to play some more of these : DTill the next time DEV!P.S.10/10 : DP.P.S.Btw, people under 1 hour in-game shouldn't be able to review. This is just ridiculous to evaluate something without knowing what its contents may offer."
,Recommended,461640,23494224,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,vegeta,good gamegreat storynot too easy and not too hardgreat plot twistssatisfying endingwith 10+ hours of game play its excellent for casual gamers
76561198294798669,Recommended,461640,23527644,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Sholu69,"i love the story! the battles take some getting used to, but the game itself isn't incredibly difficult at all. sometimes the games aren't about the graphics, it's about the story and the emotions it can bring out of the players. this one will always be a favorite :)"
,Recommended,461640,24823230,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Frothy,"Definitely one of the better RPGs I've gotten off of steam, and at .49 cents it's a steal.  Granted, I screwed around a bit more than most people probably would, but I got 10+ hours of garmeplay.  The story is great, and for the most part it was well written.  There are a few parts that could have been better written but overall the characters are interesting and the story keep you intrigued.  Can't ask much more from a cheap buy as a whim game.  My only real complaint is that it wasn't longer/more expansive."
,Recommended,461640,33467479,Posted: 11 July,all,Writban,"The game has a few cons, like not being able to carry more than 99 of anything, having to go through a hassle every time you cook, not being able to change equipment, not being able to change fighting style etc. But it's dirt cheap, and the story is AMAZING. Not even kidding. Very well written."
,Recommended,461640,24101525,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,limith,"Very charming RPG made with RPGMaker. Unfortunately resolution isn't great, but the environment is pretty good and the story well executed."
76561198079353605,Recommended,461640,23247555,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,iushhh,"Awright, so... Can't remember last time i FINISHED a game in a SINGLE DAY. I loved it ! If you ever played golden sun, link to the past.. or any kind of old rpg with a great story you will definitely like this one.  If you ever played a 'gameboy' kinda game on computer and you liked i say go for it. BEST 54 CENTS EVER !!! The story is great, you get attach easily to the caracters. The story is suprising really. You get thrilled by it and wonder what's going on.About 10-15h of gamplay, depending if you take secondary quests or not. I'm not the type to make review. I only do it because i was so surprise about this. Never thought I would enjoy it that much.Have fun !! :3"
,Recommended,461640,25708501,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Lumina,"For such a cheap game it provides a lot, a intersting story with a twist, likeable characters; nice music .It reminded me very much of all of the old style rpg's like the original final fantasy's as you can see from the games screenshots.The only problem I had with it was that I couldn't ""shift tab"" to bring up steam like you can in other games; it may have been because I was full screen maybe but I don't know; didn't take anything away from the game of course.For the price you pay you get a game that I would have happily paid more for, it is worth more than the price it is so it is definatly a steal.Even if you are only slightly interested in trying the game it is only 79p, stop being so tight and try it :P"
,Recommended,461640,23860995,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,InnDreki,"A decent game with some pretty good/funny writing. Story is interesting enough, a demon cursed the land turning anyone who commits one of the seven deadly sins into a demon that represents said sin, a boy and his brother/cat (from what we know he turned into a cat before even he can remember. Im sure we'll find out with some further gameplay) are on a journey to try and break the curse the demon set out 20 years prior. With some grinding, some exploration, a few side quests here and there and some overdue battles with pesky demons maybe we'll lift this curse and turn poor Shinto back into a human! Oh, and get Kenshi some much needed food!Alot of aspects are borrowed from games like Tales of Vesperia and other similar JRPGs such as the random optional side conversations, the scattered save points, the love of cooking food. With more old school RPG fight systems similar to the original final fantasy(s) but instead of the side by side turn based fight system it's more real time, if you sit there and don't attack they'll attack over and over until you die instead of pausing for your turn. Limits slow paced strategy but I guess that's all in the challange!I'd recommend it at the discount/bundle price. These RPG maker games are usually decent enough as long as the creator can manage an original enough story. Plus it has trading cards and achievements so why not."
,Recommended,461640,23786248,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,StrangeOne101,"How could you not recommend this amazing RPG?Pixelated graphics, amazing story, unique battle system… everything about this game is just great. The price you pay for this is so cheap for what you get out of this game, and it’s both a very fun yet very interesting game to play. Would definitely recommend this to anyone who’s a fan of the RPG genre or is looking for a small yet intriguing game to play."
76561198391793932,Not Recommended,461640,32044317,Posted: 29 May,all,philip.johnson,"This game has a genuinely interesting concept which could have led to a great game; unfortunately, it feels like the developers took shortcuts that really cut down on my enjoyment with this game. The most glaring issue is the battle system that other reviews have pointed out.There is nothing wrong with an Active Time Battle System if done correctly, but the user needs to have the option to allow for “waiting”. The Active Time Battle System should be used to give more fine-grained control over how often characters act compared to enemies, not to rush the battle so that the user is constantly using a regular attack or whichever skill catches their eye.Since well-balanced battles are at the core of any good RPG for me, I cannot in good conscience recommended this game.Another shortcut that it appears that the developers took was the mapping of towns and dungeons. To give an example, the first town has many houses that the player cannot enter. The only reason given is that the player doesn’t need to enter, but it’s fairly clear that the developers simply didn’t feel like they had time or didn’t need to create those interiors to add to the immersion of the game. There is also a noticeable lack of minor details in the overall mapping.The dialogue is decent; I didn’t notice any typos while playing. There is certainly some customization made by the developers such as the bamboo text box borders which are nice touch.I think that’s enough for now. As I said, I cannot recommend this game, but if you don’t care about well-balanced battles and focus only on the story in RPGs, you may enjoy this game."
76561198009308209,Not Recommended,461640,23176269,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,AustynSN,"I GREATLY dislike the fighting system of this game.  The combination of an active fighting system with menu-driven system is just frustrating.  Simple attack is easy, but trying to select a spell or item from the right character while in the heat of battle is ridiculous.  Healing is virtually impossible.  The story was interesting, but not worth the frustration."
,Recommended,461640,24995474,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SoKerakasven,"Sins Of The Demon RPG is probably the best RPG you can find on Steam.The storytelling is great, the plot twists are so damn good and you build alot of sympathy towards the characters. It´s a really emotional game, a must play for every RPG lover."
76561198091956047,Recommended,461640,33196026,Posted: 3 July,all,softronic413,"Pros: Nice story, interesting twists. Good character interaction, present via the ""skits"" in the game.Cons: simple combat.Comments: for a really cheap game (paid less than one euro), it provided some really entertaining 20 hours, judging by the current save."
,Recommended,461640,27318533,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Planet Ascantha - Delcos,"I got this game through a JRPG bundle deal, and I have to say, it is amazing.It genuinely got me emotional and involved into the story, and at certain points it made me feel the suffering that the characters in this game were experiencing.All in all, it's a really good experience, definitely recommendable.Saying any more would spoil it, and for the price, it's definitely a no-brainer."
76561198168388410,Recommended,461640,30421179,Posted: 9 March,all,Čhîmműg Šﬂmňg,"I like this game a lot, idk how but i loved the history, i recommend you to make a second part with other of the 5 demons, and make the finale battle harder, it was like... a little easy ;D"
,Recommended,461640,26631733,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,-=♥=-Kickypoo-=♥=-,"This game is great, when I played it I was ingulffed in story and completely suprised at how awesome this game is. Would Recommend for those looking for a game with Story and playtime"
76561198303241738,Recommended,461640,24890046,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Theparalyzer,great game!
,Recommended,461640,30316083,Posted: 4 March,all,쯔위,Good seven sins :3 it's nice to play also the cute demon cat one
76561198094546593,Recommended,461640,28714691,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cr4zyN,"Very nice game, I enjoyed it very much.+Very good story / Characters+the music is excellent+story telling was awesome with much background information+nice fight system / - sometimes just spamming+no errors+very cool and different Quest / Enemies"
,Recommended,461640,30764075,Posted: 26 March,all,Sakura,"I bought this when it is on sale for $0.49 cents since I am a cheapo, I dont use steam much and just really didnt like steam games. Honestly I tried out Tales of Zesteria and Symphonia and the storylines bored to to death, however this one was quite engaging and interesting. The plot is fast paced and the characters are quite funny. The game itself is classic RPG maker styled and it runs smoothly. The concept of the game is also very nice and unique with time-sensative combat, since in reality no monster will wait for your ""turn"" in a fight, and these monsters don't drop gold, only bandits, aka human enemies do, which is sensible. The story is also set in a historical setting, like back in the old days where there are shacks and lords and things of that sort. Overall I really loved this game and I often refund every game that is boring to me, which is 100% of the games until I found this one. I really loved it."
,Recommended,461640,23378595,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Night Shade,(i'm not good at writing reviews)got the game on sale for half a dollar and i quite like it. the plot is good and the game feels fun to play. you don't have to grind alot of exp (atleast as far as i am in the game).  2$ for this game won't be a waste
76561198069159152,Recommended,461640,30748398,Posted: 26 March,all,wrb41977,"This is a very interesting little game. A bit rough in spots, but nice enough that I can recommend it. Especially if it is on the type of sale upon which I purchased it (49 cents)."
76561198042336593,Recommended,461640,23120939,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,athenian200,"This game is really nice for what it is. It hardly reinvents the wheel, but if you liked Final Fantasy 4, 5, 6, or The After Years... you'll enjoy this game. Just be sure to look at the screenshots to make sure you understand what you're getting before you buy it.Without spoiling too much, this is a game that includes a lot of cheesy Japanese culture references, along with a few mythological references and some plot twists that might remind you of Star Wars. You can tell the game was created by someone who plays games, and there's even a house in the first town where three guys are having a very typical argument that you hear among nerds. The game often feels surprisingly light-hearted and self-critical of JRPG tropes, although it gets darker near the end.However, don't sit around level grinding too much. Let's just say that there's only about 20 hours of gameplay here, and if you go much past level 20, you completely mess up the difficulty curve and make the main game really easy. Also, a lot of the more difficult sequences take place in the past and force you to use different characters than usual, effectively negating the effort you put into grinding. So really, just don't do it."
76561198174771873,Recommended,461640,25725183,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Slaytanica,"I've always been a fan of rpg's and great story-telling, and Sins of the Demon delivers. This is a dynamite little rpg maker with a lavish storyline and emotional music, as the guitar at the start screen sets the tone immediately. Well worth the modest price of $1.99 for the 13+hours of gameplay you get in return."
,Recommended,461640,32970024,Posted: 28 June,all,Wolfy,Super fun game I love the story I strongly recommend its well worth the price
76561198162433009,Recommended,461640,33171726,Posted: 3 July,all,kaneda1981,good old school japanese RPG... theres a great story and its fun... just wish the controls werent so wonky
,Recommended,461640,24846878,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,//x,"Can't get enough of this, it's to mutch fun i would love to see an second part but if so take your time like you guys did on this, im so hardbroken at the end still crying ; _ ;.I LOVE THIS GAME ❤❤❤❤(Disclaimer: this is the best storyline ever)"
,Recommended,461640,30780944,Posted: 27 March,all,brvylee,"This game was precious and honestly heartbreaking. I definitely teared up a few times, but it was worth it. I really recommend it to anyone who is a fan of RPGs and wants something cute and casual to play, even though you may get invested in the characters like I did.It's a relatively short game, but it does have a few challenging parts to it. The gameplay style is interesting; I really expected it to be turned based, but it isn't. The characters, as usual, were my favorite part. I got really attached to Kenshi and Shinto. Overall, the plot was pretty good, although at some times it seemed rushed. I understand that it was probably necessary to rush some parts though to keep it moving.I'm probably off to draw fanart of Kenshi and Shinto."
,Recommended,461640,23199361,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Mr. Sans,"Russian and English review1) [RUS]Итак, посмотрим на эту с нескольких сторон.Классика в своем жанре, не сложная боевая система, приятная рисовка, анимация лиц в диалогах присутствует, понятное управление, большая карта с якобы открытым миром, отличное музыкальное сопровождение, хоть музыки и не много, но она в тему и свою роль она выполняет.На последок, к плюсам я так же отнесу и то что игра наполнена дендивской (или сеговской) романтикой. Перевода пока нет, но английский не сложный, и если вы играя в КС, находите с иностранцами общий язык то и тут все будет понятно.Что восхищает лично меня - КОТ!!! О боги!!! Говорящий кот, но не милый и пушистый, а вполне себе похотливый и мужиковатый имеющий свои амбиции кот!!!  То и дело возникают моменты когда персонажи могут захотят пообщатся между собой, это так же создает ощущения того что герои живы, показывает их характер и отношение к окружающему миру. Собственно, если бы не эти разговоры, шутеечки в стиле - ""Я не кот, я демон, я не раз спасал тебе жизнь"", то я бы и не проникся игрой, а так хочется с этими ребятами быть, пройти с ними еще несколько эпизодов.О минусах:Не стоит боятся незнания английского, стоит просто хотеть разобраться, но если у вас нет желания то проходим мимо, ибо диалоги в игре значат много.Бои в игре линейны почти всегда, исключением будут боссы, но в целом это все не вызывает трудностей ибо даже маламльайский манчкин будет чувствовать себя легко и непринужденно потому как можно просто прообозить себе уровень на первых локациях.Открытый мир таковым не является, он жутко линейный, последующие локации откроются лишь после сюжетного прохождения основной квестовой линейки, а возвращаться обратно на карте не хочится потому что монстры сложнее не становятся, квестов новых не возникает (таких же интересных как основной квест) ХОТЯ (!!!) именно в такие моменты возможен дискус между главными героями.Мне без геймпада было не комфортно играть.Итог: Не реграбельно, весело, интересно7,5\10 для любителей жанра10\10 для тех кто учит английский в играх12\10 для любителей котиков и хороших историй2) [ENG]So, let's look at this from several sides.A classic in its genre, not a complex combat system, nice story, animation persons is present in the dialogues, intuitive operation, a large map with the supposedly discovered the world, great music, even though music is not much, but it is the topic and the role it performs.Lastly, to pluses I will carry and the fact that the game is filled with Dejevsky (or Sega) romance. Translation yet, but English is not difficult, and if you're playing cs, find with foreigners a common language and then everything will be clear.What wash away me personally - the CAT!!! Oh gods!!! Talking cat, but not cute and fluffy, but it is a lusty and masculine with its ambitions cat!!! And then there are the moments when characters can zahotjat communicate among themselves, it also creates the feeling that the characters are alive, shows their character and attitude towards the world. In fact, if not for these conversations, suteikti in style - ""I'm not a cat, I'm a demon, I saved your life"", then I would not imbued with the game, and so want these guys to be, to go with them for several episodes.About the cons:Not suit afraid of ignorance of the English, should just want to understand, but if you have no desire then we pass by, because the dialogues in the game mean a lot.Fighting in the game is linear almost always, the exception would be bosses, but in General, it's not difficult for even kalomaski Munchkin will feel easy and relaxed because they can just propositi of the level at the first location.Open world is not, it is terribly linear, subsequent locations will open only after the passage of the main story quest line, and vozvraschatsya back on the map not hochitsya because monsters doesn't get harder, new quests does not occur (such as interesting as the main quest) THOUGH (!!!) it is at such moments possible discus between the main characters.Result: Not regraveling, fun, funA 7.5\10 for fans of the genre10\10 for those who teach English in games12\10 for lovers of cats and good stories"
,Recommended,461640,25232594,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,felix!,"why photo is not lets play, i said that game is good, ya that game is very addicting but... i buy that game randomly but i played. :3"
,Recommended,461640,33941821,Posted: 31 July,all,𝕭𝖆𝖗𝖇𝖆𝖗𝖎𝖆𝖓,Good enough. Worth it 9/10
,Recommended,461640,28756514,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,nepsSu,Rice balls OP!
76561198202966648,Recommended,461640,24373237,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GameJonkey,I have played this game from start to finish i i have to say it was a great game durring years of playing rpgs i dont remeber having ever liked a game like i like this one the only problem i see is that its was a little short yet i would recomend any one which is a fan of rpgs to try it out believe me you wont regret it.But to close this off i have finshed the game i recomed it and im most likely gonna replay it again.
76561197981572497,Recommended,461640,23080078,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,wize1,"I haven't played through much but there is a few things I wanted to say. Your story telling is good. You have a good pace, I felt comfortable reading and enjoyed learning about the characters. Shinto really grew on me, especially how he sat on Kenshi's head. I can tell you put alot of work into this game and you are a talented artist.My critique is the interface. Other than that it's the music that plays inside of houses and shops. Find a new track or improve that one.I recommend this game! It's a good story and solid gameplay! Don't be fooled that it's it's an rpg maker game so you think it won't be any good. What's so wrong with rpg maker anyway?"
76561198067743999,Recommended,461640,25101560,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,roninator2,"Decent game. I extremely do not like not being able to heal at an inn (at least I haven't found one).Combat is fine, but I do not like real time battles (you always lose time to make decisions).Only 1 hour into the game and its OK. Some of the game play has me intrigued into how it was done, but this is probably not a good point as I look at it in a way of how I can do some of those things for a game I'm making.I do recommend it as it is a challenge and not boring. But For the things I don't like, it gets 6/10.*update - At the end of the game but cannot finish. boss is too hard. My characters do nothing except heal.Most of my gameplay was avoiding battles as they are too challenging for me.Good side is lots of story for those that like that. But I like a little story, not a lot.Really wasn't a game for me. Still well made."
76561198272992161,Recommended,461640,28174777,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,HELIOS,"Don't have much to say except that the story is pretty good, mapping is good, everything overall is good. Also, it's pretty cheap! Get this game, show the developper some support!"
,Recommended,461640,24682181,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Owen Wulfson,"I purchased this game for fifty cents. It was, without a doubt, the best spent fifty cents of my entire life. While I can attest that this game will prove little challenge to a veteran Final Fantasy player who knows what they are doing (read: grinding) I will say that the story interwoven into this game was  very good. The game was fun and comfortable, by which I mean that it was relaxing to play. I definitely recommend giving this game a try if it goes on sale and even if it's not because it is well worth the price. It is an excellent remedy for those suffering from what I call ""AAA Game Fatigue."""
,Recommended,461640,26131994,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,OMEGA. SxvioR,Very Good Classic RPG.Enjoyed Much.Good Price.10/10
76561198022298610,Recommended,461640,25042177,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,djuro20,"I rather enjoyed this game. Combat is really basic and simple, map somewhat small (but still fun to explore). Where this game shines is the concept of monsters and the story itself. Won't go too much into detail so i don't spoil anything. All in all, i recommend it, game costs next to nothing (i recommend getting it in this bundle). It should take about 10 hrs to beat it, maby more if you want to 100% it."
,Recommended,461640,28269166,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,.Ruby †,Its a fun game for a small price.
,Recommended,461640,24849128,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,𝓥𝓘𝓡𝓤𝓢_𝓡𝓖,Good game
,Recommended,461640,31138790,Posted: 14 April,all,Cleo,I love it! I want to keep playing it! The story seems amazing .. recommend :D
76561198125480725,Recommended,461640,29782953,Posted: 8 February,all,dgford,"Loved loved loved this game! It took me a while to get used to the battle system. It's unusual in that you're not increasing your stats by getting new gear, and your ability to use a special move is extremely limited, so at first, it's a bit hack and slash until you level up and figure it out. There are side quests and puzzles, but the best part by far is the storyline. I even got a little teary eyed for a moment towards the end (and that's not an easy feat!). The characters are well fleshed out, the writing and dialogue is witty, and how the story all comes together is brilliant. I would love to see a sequel!"
76561198338926822,Recommended,461640,29843021,Posted: 11 February,all,Pineapple_the_Great,"The game is not quite good but i enjoying it .The boss fight is too easy. I thought there will some very difficult boss fight for this game, but... i dnt wan to be a spoiler so please tried it yourselves. The game is pretty easy if u keep feed your character with pork bun... this will make u kill any demon by one hit. I play it for 12 hours so it is worth for the price."
76561198154569341,Recommended,461640,29772069,Posted: 7 February,all,Dora,this game have a great storyline :Di enjoy this game much even the graphic is not much
76561198101595117,Recommended,461640,32149523,Posted: 3 June,all,Hans.Christian,It is a good game. (GPD WIN)
,Recommended,461640,31414097,Posted: 28 April,all,LuciF,would have been better if its not quick pased game. ther are times you need to think but this game makes you think fast otherwise you will continnously getting hurt. also it would have been better if the backgorunds and badges were nice. they look ugly.
,Recommended,461640,33294097,Posted: 5 July,all,paulmalmsteen,"While I recommend it, it's only just barely worth playing. But that's simply the way most RPG maker games are. As long as one bears that in mind, the game's not bad. As a JRPG, it's extremely bland, but as an RPG maker game, it's alright.Pros:-The story is alright and has some little plot twists here and there, even though they're nothing extraordinary. To the observant gamer, you can put the pieces together on your own pretty quickly.-The game is quite short clocking in at about 10 hours if you just want the storyline and a bit of side-questing. So, ifyou're looking for a JRPG experience, but don't want to spend 40+ hours on one, then this is for you.-There were several different side quests in the game -- though, none of which were particularly challenging.-The music wasn't bad. I'd say it was fine for a RPG maker game.-The price. It's only $2, so you really can't go wrong. And it's on sale for even more pretty often. I got it when it was 75% off, so I paid nothing for it.Cons:-The character names, location names, etc. were all really corny. They felt like they were made by some weeaboo. I use the term ""weeaboo"" sparingly as I really enjoy anime and anime style games, myself. However, this game just felt kind of cringy at times with some of the and names and such. For instance, the food that you can get in the game are all just common foods featured in most popular anime (i.e. dango, pork buns, ramen, etc.) Many of the character names were common names for lead anime characters. They just felt too cookie-cutter straight from anime. Of course, kind of minor.-The dialogue was where I felt the game both suffered and did alright. At times, the dialogue felt like it was written alright, but then a character would say something incredibly corny that just felt really out of place.-The gameplay was probably one of the more disappointing features. The game was kind of divided into three different levels of enemies: one where enemies all have about 200HP, one where enemies have about 2000HP, and then one where they have about 2500 HP. That's about it. There's really not a very good transition of enemies nor a good variety of enemies. Granted, I understand why there are as many enemies as there are and it makes sense from story perspective, but I'm surprised they didn't make more challenging ""variants"" of each enemy in order to gradually increase difficulty. Then again, the game never really got particularly difficult, as long as you know how to ""level"" your character. You have ""skills"" to fight enemies, but really only one or two of them are really useful at all. There's also no equipment in the game, either, which is quite odd for a JRPG. All you have is leveling up and items that you can purchase -- or craft -- that boost your stats. One in particular, if you boost your stats with it, will make the game quite easy if you want to breeze through the game pretty quickly.-The pacing of the game is kind of off as well. There is a TON of dialogue. It basically tried to fit the amount of dialogue that you'd expect of a 30+h JRPG into a 10h game so there was a lot of dialogue and less emphasis was placed on actual combat.- Minor little things too were kind of frustrating such as the cooking options menu. It was kind of annoying to navigate. If you wanted to cook things, you had to cook in groups of 1, 5, or 10. It would have been nice to just let the player punch in exactly how many they want made so that you don't have to keep cycling through the menu constantly to make more food. There were several little minor things like this that were kind of frustrating.Summary:All in all, it is what it is: an RPG maker game. As long as you know that you're going to be playing an RPG maker game, then the game might surprise you as a decent RPG maker game. It's not bad. It's got a lot of the things that you'd expect from a 40+h JRPG experience in a 10h game. But, I've played a lot of JRPG's and, of course, this one fell far short of my expectations. So, I recommend it as an RPG maker game, but not so much as a solid JRPG. As long as you know that ahead of time and accept it for what it is, then it's not half bad."
76561198202363500,Recommended,461640,33146769,Posted: 2 July,all,strandnorum,Classic rpg as it was when I was a kid. Really catching story. I liked😃
,Recommended,461640,34121343,Posted: 9 August,all,Yuki,A game with a good story the game mechanics are not just smash space to attack so yey
,Recommended,461640,33911703,Posted: 30 July,all,XZOverP,My cat 1 HIT KO all of ya cuz ya ain't shiEEEEEEEEETZ ~ Trailer music and vid  baited.
,Recommended,461640,23945359,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GoBlaziken,"Other than things needing some polish I can say that this is an enjoyable game.I mean.. I played for about 9 hours total, And I guess thats a reasonable time to play a game like this.However, the combat didn't fit with the story. I dont know, I know that combat is limited for rpg maker, but something new could have been added to provide the player with an insentive to seek out fights anbd not run around them all like I did."
76561198158352803,Recommended,461640,23899796,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,m0thmin3s605,loved it! this game gave me the feels all the way. it touched my heart to watch all the storys come to together. and to watch kenshi learn who he truly is. plz make more.
,Not Recommended,461640,35319361,Posted: 29 September,all,20XX,WAKE ME UP INSIDE
,Not Recommended,461640,30936172,Posted: 3 April,all,Maiyun,"uh so i legit booted up this game, played for like 20 mins, and i got stuck in an infinate loop and had to close the game.  didnt even get to save yet .-."
,Recommended,461640,29982204,Posted: 17 February,all,gnubbolo,"not really for free. was 0,20€. 14hrs.is likable."
,Not Recommended,461640,24084910,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,JK,Very generic RPG with a terrible combat system. It's pretty traditional startegy but the timers punish you for taking time to synergize move or even target select properly. Most of the time I just spammed Attack to get of attacks as rapidly as possible.
76561198038552111,Recommended,461640,32686908,Posted: 23 June,all,Phruler,Good game
,Recommended,461640,23623176,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cheerilee,i really in joy this game so far it is really fun i love rpg
76561198151976454,Recommended,461640,24550267,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,°Ace°,Hi I recommend this game ! I'm just starting it tho and i'm wondering is there any way that the battle pouse when you bring up the battle menu (attak skill item etc.) coz i feel the battle is way to fast and i dont have time for strategy or anything ? But i realy like the game and i'll finish it anyway :)Thanks for the nice game and i'll look in your other games :)
76561198057074745,Recommended,461640,24820539,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,CurrantBerries,"""Enemy is Paralyzed""Kenshi attacks!""misses""my experience when starting the game.It has a very nice story and the combat made you move your fingers more as opposed to spamming the ""confirm"" button you would need to be quick to execute and combo your attacks otherwise the enemy would have the advantage.That however is an illusion tho.Game is pretty newbie friendly,nothing is too hard for you to handle even if it seems so, you have all the firepower you need to win, unless the game made you lose on purpose just to get on with the story.The combat system is enjoyable but I do not recommend this game if you are only in it for ""fighting"" and ""strategy"" or ""BREAK THE GAME MAX ALL STATS"" kind of things, you can max stats but it wouldnt be worth it considering you can finish the game without Maxed Stuff and just juke the enemies around you, which I love as opposed to random encounters out in the fields like other RPGs.Running is an option too if you want but that happens rarely for me anyways.Story ehh... just play for yourself and feel the feels. But very original and pleasant to read like a visual novel but with pixels?Buy it if you feel like going on a feels trip or just a quick RPG you want to play.9/10 for this game if it werent for the fact the main char is related to ""ERMHEM""just get it."
,Recommended,461640,23667420,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Kuroko-Kun,nice game RPG
,Recommended,461640,28003711,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Petrify,"This game is the best of the best,better than the rest"
76561198085470510,Recommended,461640,29181461,Posted: 11 January,all,Arthas,Worth.
,Recommended,461640,30655612,Posted: 21 March,all,'vuLdrosE #LINE KARA LORE MW .07,best game ever !!
76561198105067399,Recommended,461640,24274995,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,BirdEn,>Sees thumbnail>Proceeds to buy the game>Realises its an rpgmaker game with anime in it>Buys it anyway>Plays the game for 2 min>Gets killed 10 times>Refunds game10/10 would play agian
,Recommended,461640,24524867,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Darmin,"Yoooo I just completed the game on my channel today(youtube.com/DarminX)and it was a freaking pleasure playing this game. I had a great time honing my vocal skills (as sloppy as that went) but the diverse cast, and very driving story was on point. Just a blast to play and record, I hope others find as much joy in this game as I did! 8/10 (Wish it was longer, and a bit more grindy/combative feel) would recommend!"
76561198023473349,Recommended,461640,25359757,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Dorito Cereal,Great Game 10/10
,Not Recommended,461640,34536984,Posted: 27 August,all,Ghostlyy,"A quick, 6-ish hour long RPG. Mediocre visuals and audio, spritework is perfectly acceptable for characters, the backgrounds and animations are all just... there, and functional, while drawing almost no attention, the music works fine but is repetitive and really is just nothing to write home about.Combat? This is the weakest part of the game by far. Almost every enemy has 2 or 3 times the health they should, making the game hard in an annoying way and an absolute chore. The menu neither looks nor feels nice, there are very few skills and even then a small portion of those feel useful or interesting. The characters are distinct, which is good, but their distinction leaves 2 of your 4 party members feeling absolutely useless once they're out of SP - which happens after your first/second ability of the fight. This is largely why I can't recommend this game, because the part of it that's actually a game is actually really bad. I skipped combat as much as possible in this game, and ended up having to beat the game by cheesing the Cooking system, where you can pretty easily give a character way more ATK than they should have. Even powerlevelling isn't a good option to break past the bad balance because XP gains are bad and combat with mooks takes way too long.The story, though? Pretty damn good. It feels like an entirely serious version of early Final Fantasy games, in that you have certain tropes used reasonably well with no apologies, bolstered by genuinely well-written dialogue (for the most part), and very nice character interactions. The actual plot is standard stuff, complete with twists and turns you don't expect, much in the vein of FF/Chrono Trigger - nothing that blew my mind, but I did consider them nice. By the end, I genuinely felt for Kenshi, Shinto, the party, and the rest of the lovely people you meet on your journey. The little bits of romance towards the end of the game warmed me.This is very much a game by a writer, not a game developer, and this means I can't recommend it - it simply isn't fun to play."
,Recommended,461640,26430695,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,zaydadi,great game
,Recommended,461640,26334587,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,平和. Fat Burner !!,great game adventure....bst to killing time..storyline also intersting
,Recommended,461640,30104207,Posted: 22 February,all,KATIAU CSGO500 CSGOBlocks.Com,ta
76561198145277033,Recommended,461640,26531020,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,C9 Skadoodle,‌
,Recommended,461640,30142280,Posted: 24 February,all,¯\ (ツ) /¯ 抱仁依留,Really well-written story.
76561198173692309,Recommended,461640,24786625,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Kadwae,Just amazing.
,Not Recommended,461640,34686659,Posted: 2 September,all,saz,its very mehdon't bother
,Recommended,461640,24079155,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Kam,nice
,Recommended,461640,24536120,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
76561198261048766,Recommended,461640,30495413,Posted: 13 March,all,[RAУ]APOLO #VivaEspaña,"The concept of this game is very interesting, when I first played this game i thought it was gonna be boring, but actually the game surprised me and now i'm very intered in itThe game soundtrack is awesome and i love it but the combat in my opinion is a bit annoying but beside that the game is greatAlso it is very cheapWorth it"
76561198143093168,Recommended,461640,32268078,Posted: 8 June,all,FuryElite,This game is ok .
,Recommended,461640,32662989,Posted: 22 June,all,Atreides,nippon ichiban
76561198318964928,Recommended,461640,31436440,Posted: 29 April,all,那哈莽行咒,Not bad.& the TAB is really a surprise.
,Recommended,461640,23199161,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,MeowQueen,Awesome game with a great storyline. Spend around 14 hours on this game to complete. Well worth the 59 cents I paid for this game.Only Con I found is!!SPOILER!!the kitty has to die :(
,Recommended,461640,23323202,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,HAHA! ggo,Should Play Thisthe story is so cool
,Recommended,461640,23151366,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Spirit Carrot,"Basically an indie Tales of Symphonia. Ridiculously similar plot, but a good plot."
,Not Recommended,461640,29576316,Posted: 29 January,all,ANDREA ❤,Malisimo .
,Recommended,461640,32387927,Posted: 13 June,all,Kallum | Hansqt,"So I May Only Have 5.9 Hours On This Game But I Have A Substantial Understanding Of This Game. Even Though I Splashed The Cash For This Game Just Because Of The Picture Of The Game Rather Than The Actual Gameplay I Found My Self With A Firm Verdict Of The Game.This Game Feels And Plays As If It's A Pokemon Game On PC. The Large World Exploration, Fighting Demons, Capturing And Taming New Pets.Even If You Don't Like Pokemon Styled Games, The Thumbnail Of The Game Is Too Beautiful Not To Have In Your Steam Library So Pay That Fat £0.39 Anyway And Get It!"
76561198167411394,Recommended,461640,24303307,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,W8lifts,I have no idea why I bought this game......payed like 10 cents for it
,Recommended,461640,23409016,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,グリズリー,Nice game
76561198117714301,Recommended,461640,23262693,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Simon the Suicidal Sandwich,"The story is amazing, the gameplay is awesome, the fighting is great. And REALLY cheap.Want to have tons of fun for a low price?Get this game. Now"
,Recommended,461640,31213523,Posted: 17 April,all,Carry or Throw,Cool Story bruh!
76561197970536203,Not Recommended,461640,26066187,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,RedRiot,"This isn't really even a game, it's a parody of a game. It is more like what I would expect from someone who was taking a course on RPG Maker and banged something out really quick as a homework assignment. It is a quaint little demo of some of the most basic things RPG maker is capable of. It is the software equivalent of plastic display food: you will see some things that will put you in mind of a RPG, but if you try to partake you will quickly realize there is no point. One of the only reasons I finished this thing was because of a constant nagging feeling of ""Surely there must be more to it than this?""Hit: passable story writing, lovely artwork in the steam store, sprint button, easily exploitable mechanics for circumventing the mind numbing combat, and thank god it was short.Miss: what little story the game has is stretched beyond reason and told poorly, excessive flashback sequences, sloppy coding, poorly designed (read:ABSENT) gameplay, only 11 types of enemies (including bosses) in the entire game, shallow characters, misleading promotional artwork, ubiquitous artificial game lengthening grind, and more boring than watching a robot play the original final fantasy in a language you can't read.I honestly am not even sure why this is on Steam. Do not ""play"" this ""game"" unless someone is paying you for your time."
,Not Recommended,461640,32530049,Posted: 18 June,all,Chepuha,"Well, It's RPG maker, and the combat system is just horrible, so there is no way I'll rate it positive. If the easiest way to win a battle is just mashing the space button before you get hit, then there's no saving this game even with the best plot ever.Also cat protagonist is a duсk."
,Not Recommended,461640,24301674,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Tripplee7,"No demons where found in this game. Just humans dressed up. Off balenced fighting, lacking many basic rpg elements. Grinding is almost a must to a point. Puzzles cake walk to moderate. Diying is a unwritten achievement. Drags on longer then it should."
76561198095504016,Recommended,461640,23039096,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ianngionet,the short review : at the time of this review the game is on sale for 98 cents and so far in the game i got lot more then i tought i would ( keeping in mind in spent 98 cents ) most rpgmaker would be done by now but im also just starting the game apparently so 2 bucks is worth it too imothe  longer review : overall classic jrpg story but they dont cut it short like most rpgmaker game do . its overall enjoyable and the dialoges did give me a small laught every now and then even tho they get cheesy by times . the story isnt too fleshed out and the few plot twist i came up too so far arent jaw droping but overall it kept me interested in what was up nextthe music was awesome in my opinionthe character are sorta basic and not always the most interesting but the lines of dialoges who poped up every now and then basicly having them talk with each others where a nice touch that i welcomed everytime it poped up and it did give this game a big plus from me cause even tho they are basicish characters they have some nice interaction withg each others this way and its funny too read and if your not into that the devs made it optional ( the game prompts you to press q when one of those dialoges are available just dont press it if you dont care )gameplay was very basic on the overworld map but the fighting mechanic was pretty interesting in my opinion basicly turning the classic finalfantasy turn per turn fighting into ... with my very slight experience in jrpg something i could only describe as a semi turn per turn ...to better explain it your characters have a energy bar who reload itself after a few moments any action your characters take emptys the bar and you gotta wait for it to reload . to use a power you have a sp bar wich you charge by using basic attacks . both your basic attacks and your abilitys empty your energy bar when you use them . this goes the same way for your ennemies so they dont have too wait for you to use an action before using their own and you dont need to wait for your ennemies to use theire actions before using yours. also contrarely to final fantasy you can see the ennemies walking around on the overworld map so you can avoid fight or willingly run into them at willi liked this game alot because it gave me a feel of a old super nes final fantasy game before they turned too♥♥♥♥♥♥with final fantasy 7 ( i welcome any hate mail for this comment but i still think ff7 was♥♥♥♥♥♥compared too any super nes ff )
76561198284689243,Recommended,461640,23256300,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,T.D,love this game :))
76561198110255187,Recommended,461640,31437942,Posted: 29 April,all,RoyalVoid,The storyline is nice.Good for cards.
,Recommended,461640,29779059,Posted: 8 February,all,I MISS MY BITCHES Q-Q,This game sucks but 1 thing i could say it's a rpg anime and which is my favourite game to play whenever im bored but i dont think some of my friends love it so yea. its up to you whether u want to buy the game or not. i got it for offer. its gonna end 13 feb so get it if u want to play it!
,Recommended,461640,26399096,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ShadowsFear,"I see♥♥♥♥♥♥in banner, i buy."
76561198118941610,Recommended,461640,23226939,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,pajamaman99_2,I got this game for 49 cents!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198165219361,Recommended,461640,23253793,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,R o n Z,NICE GAME
76561198263745704,Recommended,461640,28489496,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Acalan,"A very amazing game, A lot of story which other games lack."
,Recommended,461640,23268044,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,*Drinking Coke light*,Nice game.
,Not Recommended,461640,23023678,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Thehagengnome,"Pros:Decent musicCons:Technical problemsUnoriginal art style & aestheticSeems like a very generic game overallFirst of all i would like to say that i don't think this is a really bad game. But when you look at what it's about and how it runs, you just don't feel like it's a game worth your time. I personally found the story to be subpar at best, with an artstyle that's unoriginal to say the least. Some people may say that the artstyle is somewhat classic, but i do not share that train of thought. The best thing in this game for me, is the music. The music sounds decently pleasant and is actually not too bad. This is an RPG though, which means you are going to have to put a lot of time into it to get the the finish line. This means that the game needs to be even better then a lot of it's peers in other genres, since it has a lot to say, over a long period of time. So you need to almost play it through to get some kind of satisfaction when it comes to the story in particular. This game as i said in the beginning is not a really bad game at all. But since there are so many better games out there in the genre, i just can't find it in my heart to recommend you to use your money or your time on this game when you could have spent it on something better. If you would like to watch some gameplay of this game, you can check out my video of it below.Gameplay video:https://youtu.be/eJ5AocEyhqo"
,Recommended,461640,31041989,Posted: 9 April,all,kune !,everyone just dies off ):
,Recommended,461640,24145234,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ratea xDark,Card SimulatorBuy it in SaleRun in BackgroundTake the CardsSell the Cardswin win Situation
,Recommended,461640,33103144,Posted: 1 July,all,✪ I'mSexyAF ★,Ok...
,Recommended,461640,23129384,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dias,Surprisingly good.Good lucky in your adventure.
,Recommended,461640,23110082,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,BlueSonata,Here's a crucial key to this geme: [SHIFT]
,Not Recommended,461640,24666968,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,月に叢雲花に風,Only bought it to support the guy who drew that Succubus.
76561198167417204,Not Recommended,461640,24800497,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TheLegend28,The controls are a huge turn off.
76561198282772606,Recommended,461640,28542570,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Chanopstg,one of the best rpg i've played in a long time had a realy good story have to play it
76561197960560694,Recommended,461640,23092131,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jaxboxdude,"Attack... Miss. Attack... Missed. Attack,,, WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥.... Attack... hit. you dealt 172 damage. THIS THING HAS 1000 HEALTH. Uses ability... Miss. Die. *Edit* So I have now officialy played through the entire game. I greatly enjoyed it, the characters are extremely well done, we got twists and turns, most of which involve your currently played character falling in love with the girl you just met that day. The whole every other girl romance thing is my only actual complaint. This game's story is absolutley amazing, it's been so long since I've fully played through a game all the way, even a game I greatly enjoy, so props"
,Recommended,461640,30851308,Posted: 31 March,all,♥ Great Goddess Guri 💕,ok 4 trade cards
,Not Recommended,461640,28953674,Posted: 2 January,all,Buckness,Just another RPG Maker game.
76561198143010438,Not Recommended,461640,30851375,Posted: 31 March,all,dat guy,"pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ tbh games bs ""cooking"" system makes it real ♥♥♥♥ing bs"
,Recommended,461640,28574881,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ney,i want my money back
,Recommended,461640,28244993,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,🌹hizwan🌹,this game gave me cancer...in a good way :D
76561198084617839,Not Recommended,461640,30548531,Posted: 16 March,all,IIBII,where the anime babe
,Not Recommended,461640,33708766,Posted: 21 July,all,〓 iZnoGouD,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrVPXP05v-s
,Not Recommended,461640,28322440,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Road To MasteryRank 17,Auto save อะ หัดมีบ้างนะ เข้าใจว่าเกมแบบ 2D แต่จะให้ผู้เล่นตายแล้วไม่ได้เซฟ กลับมาวนเล่นใหม่เพื่อไรอยากได้เวลาเล่นเยอะ ๆ หรอ
,Recommended,461640,29852103,Posted: 11 February,all,Defective pvpro.com,I played for 5mins!Its rly good!
76561198141486137,Not Recommended,461640,29937005,Posted: 14 February,all,Despair,This Game Suck and Broken
76561198092382669,Recommended,461640,22979492,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,~KIRA~,Fun little throwback RPG ^-^ i love it
,Recommended,461640,22979188,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,NickPlays,"The art and environments are pretty awesome and i like how the combat works. A massive downside to this game is the lazy story that theyve gone for, it is basically fullmetal alchemist. I'd understand if it slightly resembled the storyline. However its basically the same thing with different names etc. Other than this very nice little game so far."
76561198090394697,Recommended,461640,23007620,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,diabeto,The game is very interesting. It is definately worth the price. 8.5/10
,Not Recommended,461640,32745863,Posted: 24 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,warning this game is not for pro gamers
76561198042590261,Not Recommended,461640,29124043,Posted: 8 January,all,Toxic Larva,I don't recommend this game
,Not Recommended,461640,31015357,Posted: 8 April,all,✠Nevar,0 boobs -rep
76561198188397106,Recommended,461640,23006420,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Leonidas,very good game worth buying BUT the graphics are terrible though :(Just kidding.
,Not Recommended,461640,29638683,Posted: 1 February,all,Ganjasaiyajin,cards
,Not Recommended,461640,22989118,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,zR_Rudy,why would anyone want to play this game its a rip off of pokemon and dont forget about the amazing graphics o my dont let me get in to the graphics and my the combat is insane it very realistic  i dont know wht technology they have but man it took my socks right off!
,Recommended,461640,30459102,Posted: 11 March,all,G0ldiizz,"It's a pretty good gameIt has a lot of bad points (like when you miss 3/4 hit durings fight, when the dialogues long a bit too long, the fact that you can't change the controls (the arrows aren't very good, it's generaly better with wasd. But If you have a controler, that it solve that problem) and maybe a lack of achivements for me(I mean there are too much achivements you can't get to far in the game)) but honetly for the price is really worth it.It's has a funny and pretty long stroy, except the thing I mentioned earlier the fights are pretty good. So I enjoy this game."
,Recommended,461640,30745027,Posted: 26 March,all,Icen,abc <3
,Recommended,461640,27459827,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Castiel,Angels beat Demons.
,Recommended,461640,27246866,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dveiii,Really good rpg
,Recommended,461640,27354634,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Kurgan,Good rpg maker game. It did lack a variety of monsters to fight but the story was one of the better ones I have seen on an rpg maker game. Pretty simple turn based old fashioned rpg.
,Recommended,461640,26933518,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,priscilaegm,I couldn't stop playing once I started. Good characters and plot.
,Recommended,461640,27702412,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aewia-skins,"Very nice game :D love it, on other acc over 20h :D"
,Recommended,461640,27875125,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,flyx,"This is a great game if you like a deep story line, character development and secrets that take time to be revealed. I do.What the game lacks is mostly, well, the game. You lead the characters through a story where you cannot really make any choices. The Battle system is pretty much random and whether you finish an encounter unscratched or at the verge of death depends more on pure luck than on your tactics, the only way to make sure you win is to level grind. Which is utterly boring, because there are a total of 10 or so random encounter enemies throughout the game.More annoying yet is that you do not even need to win several boss encounters - even if your whole party is knocked out, the story continues. And those are not hopeless battles, they are all absolutely winnable. And then towards the end, there is a very long part where you only interact and do not fight at all. So if you are interested in a battle-centered RPG, this one certainly isn't for you.Exploring the areas and doing sidequests is not bad, but also not rewarding at all. You only find / get consumables or money (probably because the game completely lacks an equipment system).Despite these points, I recommend this game, because of the well-written dialogues, the storyline and the fact that what you get here is still more than worth its price."
,Recommended,461640,23769680,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LoliFap =3,"Eng & Ru---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Eng: I can safely say that the game is worth the money. The story is pretty good, though a little jaded. Making a music (especially the main theme of the game all the pleasant to the ear ^ _ ^) and graphically sustained good! Also, easy cards and badge. =)P.s: Game for those who like RPG Maker games and jRPG games as well.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ru: Смело могу сказать что игра стоит своих денег. Сюжет довольно неплох хоть и немного заезжен. Оформление как музыкальное( особенно музыкальное - главная тема игры весь приятна для слуха ^_^ ) так и графически выдержана неплохо! Также лёгкие карточки и значёк. =)P.s: Игра для тех кому нравяться игры с RPG Maker и японские ролёвки в частности."
,Recommended,461640,24805847,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,283leis,"I havent gotten very far yet, but from what I've played so far I can tell the game is worth the money. The soundtrack is good, graphics are alright, the humor is good fun, and the story is pretty good for an RPG Maker game.9/10"
76561198122076915,Recommended,461640,24940509,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mr.D,Good Game And Good Story
,Recommended,461640,25061096,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,D€j@N,Good game at a low price.
,Recommended,461640,30830836,Posted: 30 March,all,zouzhuowen,"When you get the recipe for the pork bun, you'll find that you can sell it for 250 Yen using ingredients of only 125 Yen.Suddenly the rest of the game seems so easy."
,Recommended,461640,24558509,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,2AM Productions,"The game is great so far! I enjoyed every second. For everyone wondering if it's worth the small amount of money? Well yes actually, it' a really unique type of RPG games although there are a few notices;Things I hope to be improved or added:-The Game script is weak, the developer was writting most of it in his currten time, even the game takes place a long                time ago. And a lot of slang words have been used in the normal conversations.-I hoped for more interactions in the houses, with books, beds, cupboards, etc..-The combat at the beginning is kind of challenging.-I wanted to see the cat following you.-The combat was pretty normal for an rpg game, I hoped there was some kind of change.Things that I loved and suprised me:-I liked how the enimies notice\follow you from a distance, even though they should give up eventually but some of them don't and they keep following you.-Another thing about the combat, how it has to be fast and how the enimies attack without waiting for you. Feels more realistic and adventureful.-I also liked the 'Q' button how you can have a bit of inside between the main character and it's cat. (Also applies to teh world map!)-The day & night cycle was nice, but I hope he did it automatically. Like you are walking and it changes by itself.-The cooking part is also another creative original idea, I haven't seen much RPG's use the same idea (Non actually).-The story is attracting, the cutscenes are amazing, and the characters look badass.I haven't enjoyed and RPG like this one in a while, but I seriouslly hoped for more interactions! I guess I will have to wait for your next game for that! Thank you for this amazing game, and also for devoting the time to read this review.Also the 'cons' and 'pros' aren't actually cons and pros, they are more like things I expected or need a bit more work and things that I enjoyed. I hope this review helped you"
,Recommended,461640,24005895,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Ikenez,This indie game is great. It reminds me of Final Fantasy 3. The story is well done and it is a nice blast from the past.
,Recommended,461640,24084304,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,André The Kid,"I bought this game in a pack that came with multiple games, and i don't regret it, but that's because i Love Rpg games to death.If you don't really like Rpg tittles, refrain yourself from buying this game, unless you can deal with what i'm about to say.First of all, the story is quite interesting in fact. And the enemies and bosses are well designed, the map is vast and there are a few party members to go after.The problem is the Skill system in my opnion.In battle, you will have Skills for each character that you can use, and using a skill costs skill points, much Like Magic Wastes Mana in Final fantasy games, and that's where lies the issue.I find myself using just fight for each character when the skill points run out, which is usually 1/2 skills depending on the character. And each attack recovers 10 Skill Points, so, you have to attack 5 times per character to make each one be able to use their most simple skills.In games with magic points, this rarely happens, since there are multiple types of magic, with multiple spells and a lot of mana.And another thing that lacks is the inexistance of unique tabs for each character.For example, in other games, each character has their unique tab to use, for example : ""Jump"" , or ""Charge"", meaning that JUST THAT CHARACTER can use those abilities. This Rpg lacks that.But this can be easily fixed in Save points. Every time you save, you recharge everything , so that's a plus.I do reccomend the game, and I like it, the writing is Superb, Props to whoever wrote the lines for the characters, they make quite the show with the feeling of adventure of a saturday morning Cartoon.So, Is this game good? Should I get it?- Yes. Definitely, i think you'll like it. Specially in Sale time, since you will have a good time.But if you're not a Jrpg Fan, refrain from buying it. The game brings Nothing new to the table, except for the cooking system, which i found interesting.But it does present everything in a particularly interesting manner, and i think you guys would enjoy it!"
,Recommended,461640,23987116,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Jso7474,I feel like this game should cost a lot more for how good it is.
,Recommended,461640,23673530,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,LANdroid7,"I haven't finished the game but it has awesome story and funny dialogue..and not sure if the combat system is too fast or i'm too slow.eh, I wish my cat could talk :(10/10"
,Recommended,461640,24000776,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,cis black female,"didnt expect much going in, was pleasantly surprised.story is not amazing, but is interesting nonetheless and keeps you playingcombat is challenging enough, though i do have a hard time doing all the actionsgot it in the bundle for 50 cents, definitely worth that buy :)"
,Recommended,461640,30809298,Posted: 29 March,all,Ishimoto,An interesting and kinda sad game. Really liked how it was done.
,Recommended,461640,23826097,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,【Tainted】,"If you're actually a major fan of Aveyond series (Mainly old Aveyond series, hi! ) / RPG / RPG XV, you should actually try this out.Poor quality as it may seem, this actually have a good plot, interesting characters and fun story with a lot of cute side quest.Romance, Comedy, Adventure, Tragedy-Oh yes, have we forgotten about boobs? We all come to this game for boobs anyway.#AllHailOppaiMonster can be hard to kill after meeting God of Discord aka Isharul, but then again we all are plainly aiming for God of Lust- Oh maybe just me.Eitherway, worth the play.9/10 recommend for rpg players."
,Recommended,461640,23848113,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,falenmcdc,"An somewhat standard RPG Maker game, yet, it is unique in its own way. The history surprised me, i really liked it in the end. The maps and arts are standards from the engine (But i really liked the mapping of the ""Demon World""). The battles aren't easy, but aren't hard too, and you actually see yourself in need to use the items, unlike most RPG Maker games (Thumbs up).Worth every cent."
,Recommended,461640,28210856,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Hiiragi Dion,"This is a really in-depth rpg. As a lover of rpgs (final fantasy, legend of dragoon, pokemon, etc) this game really hit my heart, and I'm glad that indie developers are making such good rpgs like this. I personally love the rpg maker engine, and how useful and easy it is, and it's nice to see people put so much work into a game with such limited tools. The developer of this game did incredible, and I loved the story and characters so much!9/10"
76561198238176846,Recommended,461640,28698776,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Sampai,"Simple RPG with decent story and characters, for $0.50 USD it's definitley worth picking up (if not for the trading cards). I'd love to see a remastered addition with more story closure, and perhaps a shift in pacing in reguards to story progression / cutscenes. Overall, a simplistic and fairly entertaining way to earn some easy cards."
,Recommended,461640,30785047,Posted: 27 March,all,kingkoopa1999,"Overall the game is very fun. I enjoy the RPG style without turns, and the story and charactors are all quite interesting and intreging."
,Recommended,461640,23203350,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,RedSnow,"-constypical RPG dead parents included. not a fan of the pressing Q system (would prefer it to be C) or the semi-turn based combat - perhaps i would prefer it if the heroine was not so squishy, if it was turn based or if this was an action game instead of story driven. boss fights were a bit hard and money hard to come by towards the end even with the side quests-pro'svery story driven (linier) which is nice for a relaxed seshion. well written (often brought out my emotions, most games dont, but it may be the pills im on) with an excellent story (pretty deep and hits on some good phylosophical concepts at the start, hit the feels throughout the rest of the story) and well made, no bugs encountered. beautiful music choise and love the asthetics. its pretty damn cute having a talking cat too.Overall an excellent game that was pulled together very well, would highly reccomend if you enjoy story driven games with a bit of action and some challenge ocasionally"
,Recommended,461640,23564462,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Batsutousai,"Fun, old school-esque RPG. Not a bad game to get into the genre, or as a bit of nostalgia for long-time players."
76561198106469463,Recommended,461640,23540355,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Platinum Reaper,"Loved this game soooo much! It has a very good story and good if not at least okey charecters, it kinda had a feeling of a good story you may see in an anime so to speak. it had romance, comedy, suspence and so much more. The gameplay is active meaning its going to test your quick stratigy over planning your next move so be sure to resurch your stats and skills before fighting. you will expiriance some grind in the begining but it getts easierish as you go more into the story. over all the game mechanics are that of final fantisy but the story is its own and I loved it.Pros:-nice intresting story-good balance of easy and hard for the most part-intresting side quests-A nice amount of stuff to explore and discover-Loveable charecters!Cons:-May be somewhat hard in the very start-May need to grind a little as the enamies get harder very quick at some point-Your gonna fight many monsters for money many timesSo over all if you're ok will a little grinding than the game is worth it!"
76561198121078567,Recommended,461640,30804725,Posted: 28 March,all,Genesis | Farmskins.com,"I LOVE THIS GAME SOOOO MUCH! When I first got it, it was 49 cents and I didnt think I would get much out of it but I figured ill try it because I love these types of games.It suprised me how well made this game is!The story line is really deep and it honestly made me feel really sad almost cry at points. There is so many side quest that you can do that even have stories behind them which makes this game so much better.As of now I have 9hrs on it and I haven't yet completed it but so far its been the best 9hrs of my life, personally I think if this was an ANIME it would do great.I do wish it was more popular because this game really deserve more players. Personally I reccomend it for anyone who likes these types of games!"
,Recommended,461640,23788081,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,pr0teusHD,i love rpgs
,Recommended,461640,30701773,Posted: 24 March,all,Markus,10/10 great game
,Recommended,461640,29224173,Posted: 13 January,all,Harix,"I bought this game with sale coupon, it's worth the money :)+Trading cards"
76561198272975299,Recommended,461640,29179076,Posted: 11 January,all,HACIV,This is a good game with a good story. If you like old school RPGs this is a great buy. There is no equipment in the game just leveling and cooking to increase in power. If you spend too much time cooking it does tend to make the game easy mode. Dont over do it if you want a challenge.
76561198227616288,Recommended,461640,29230807,Posted: 13 January,all,neonthethief,Realy good rpg . Great sory.Deep character dev. 9/10 one of the best rpg maker games out there
76561198095255584,Recommended,461640,28429818,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Paldeeum,This game is worth to buy and play.Story is quite well and it has a unique turn based battle system.Game is short but quite appealing. I lost my track of time and came to its end without noticing nor getting bored.A game that every steam library should have ^_^
76561198069374239,Recommended,461640,28279025,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Bluehand,"Well, i´m no rewier myself but i will tryWhen i first met this game i had my suspicions, about if it would be good, worth it, etc etc and how i was running low on money on steam so i was kinda being extra carefull to not buy something i didn´t like in order not to regret myself.However, i found no other game that was worth buying, and thanks to that i had the greatest opportunity to play one of the best, low price, games availableThe story is very well desingned and it is far more complex that i could imagine , the combat system at the beggining was hard and complicated but as time pass you learn and get used to it, the soundtrack is ok, the difficulty is decent and finally the caracters, very well developted and have enough sand to keep you going throught the whole story mode"
,Recommended,461640,29043797,Posted: 5 January,all,Philipgreek,It was really a masterpice.... i wish it could just keep some more...The story line was just epic....If you like RPG and Rich Story games i recomend this 11/10 for me :DShindo you will be missed :')
76561198152116106,Recommended,461640,28958988,Posted: 2 January,all,GrayBonez,Absolutly love it
76561198306542569,Recommended,461640,28979759,Posted: 3 January,all,serious1killer,very fun to play but earning money is kind of a pain
,Recommended,461640,30892818,Posted: 1 April,all,✡Nyxiaa✡,"Honestly wasn't expecting any great storyline when i first came across this game but man did it hit me hard. Wouldn't say the storyline's fantastic or out of this world but it was great enough to capture my attention throughout the game & made me emotional at the end (totally not spoiling XD). The only thing i would complain about is its combat system, it's all about fighting against time and how fast you gotta act before your opponent eventually lands an attack on you.Overall, it's a game worth its price!"
,Recommended,461640,29332106,Posted: 17 January,all,Mar-Mar,"I recieved a coupon for this game annd I'd like to state that I've been playing this game for more than 2 hours I presume and I am hooked into it.Pros:~Story: Amazin thus far~Characters: You get attach to them sooner or later~Leveling up experience: Starting up from lvl 1 can be hard to grin when killing demons to level up so you may spend around 7 minutes or something leveling up Kenshi and Shinto to about lvl 5 where things would seem fair and not having to go back and forth to a saving point to heal or eat to recover health.~Cheesy humor but enough for a good chuckleCon:~Only issue I may have is that I feel pressured when picking my move when attacking an enemy, or healing or reviving someone because in this RPG game, the monsters don't wait. If you take too long picking a decision to heal or attack or use a skill, they'll attack regardless.The curse is a sad sad sad thing in this story as it can affect ANYONE and in how easy it is to lose themselves..This game has my vote on a yes and I'd like to see this story to the end."
,Recommended,461640,29660812,Posted: 2 February,all,Dragonarc | kickback.com,"This game is actually very good! Unlike usual RPG, you need to think fast for your move since the time keeps going even in your attack turn. The story is also very good!For RPG fans, try it out! I think you won't regret it :)"
,Recommended,461640,29680764,Posted: 3 February,all,Naito Kyabarii,"The developers tried introducing a new combat system which seemed like a good idea, but was poorly executed. The problem with that is that it may prevent you from progressing the game and even though I say that, I recommend Sins of the Demon for the story and music; unsure if it's default RPGMaker music, not that it makes a difference anyway because it fits well."
76561198330435325,Recommended,461640,30214089,Posted: 26 February,all,ylm1994,10 out of 10amazing gamedefinitely worth the price if not more I would have spent more on this game if need bebeat the game in about 12 hours:3
76561198157124612,Recommended,461640,31508175,Posted: 2 May,all,jayeeen,"Though this game isn't mindblowing, it's not bad either!The story has a few nice twists to it and it kept my attention. The characters are nicely done as well. Reading through the optional skits especially add to their personalities.The only thing I didn't particularly like was the ATB system for battle. The enemies are a nice challenge - I found that I couldn't just spam the attack button, you have to learn to use your skills effectively, and your items as well. But because it's ATB, enemies will still attack while you decide what to do next, so scrolling through your items will waste your time in battle if you can't do it fast.Overall, I'd give it a 7/10. Like I said, not mindblowing, but not bad. Especially for it's low price."
,Recommended,461640,31539790,Posted: 4 May,all,Glum,Good game for RPG Maker. Has Interesting plot with twists.
,Recommended,461640,31653092,Posted: 9 May,all,Aergis,Actually really interesting RPG maker game
,Recommended,461640,31745669,Posted: 14 May,all,Mercuria,One of the few JRPG on Steam that actually have a good story
,Recommended,461640,33017894,Posted: 29 June,all,ArcaneFuror,"Fun game, interesting concept, not new player friendly though as the combat is menu based but also action based. and at no point does it stop to let you read or choose, and since everything attacks fast, it is hard to pick the right move."
,Recommended,461640,33508571,Posted: 13 July,all,HolyRuin21,Not a bad game. Not bad for an RPGMaker game. Nice story and grinding is not necessary but it does make things easier. No out of the way achievements and does have badges.My YouTube Playthrough
,Recommended,461640,34875369,Posted: 10 September,all,TacoLord424,An ok JRPG
,Recommended,461640,34974772,Posted: 15 September,all,Kirisatsu,Nice Story !
76561198063480424,Recommended,461640,34985375,Posted: 15 September,all,neisq,For a   RPG  Maker game it was pretty good.
,Not Recommended,461640,35511099,Posted: 5 October,all,ForGamezCZ,no
