user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198285316379,Recommended,461700,23177135,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Kyra Beth,"This game definitely didn't disappoint. I've only played James's route so far, but the story was awesome and I can't wait to play the others.The only negative I have for this game is the difference in art style compared to the first. It looks rough and unpolished in my opinion, but it didn't detract from the game at all. It's more of a personal taste, I think."
76561198103746570,Recommended,461700,23228408,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Witch Of Doom,"HERE WE GO AGAIN, AND THIS TIME IT GETS STEAMY.STORYthis game 100% lives up to the excellence of the first game. I really don't want to spoil anything, but essentially you start where you left off with the boy of your choice, (or Diana) and due to a series of unfortunate events end up in the middle of a demonic civil war. will your love conquer all? will you be able to return home with your lover? WILL SOMEONE FINALLY EXPLAIN WHY ERIC PARTS HIS HAIR THAT WAY?? (the answer to this last question is no)CHARACTERSthey are true to their personalities from the first game, but new things are learned about all of them. the things the characters must toil through in the game only help them grow as people/demons/demoness'. they are all very likable and enjoyable as characters, although once in awhile they say something really cliche that makes you want to throw up, but that actually makes them feel even more like real people.SEXY STUFFwhile I love the story of this game, and it kept me on the edge of my seat at times, to be honest I'm a huge pervy weeaboo. a fangirl with a thirst for this kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's really hard to be in this situation, because there's very few otome games out there that offer anything ACTUALLY sexual with the male characters. I mean, I'm pansexual so I have a lot of other choices of the bishojo variety. but to see a game like this with actual sexual content makes a single steamy tear flow down my nerd face. if this category is the most exciting thing to you, PLEASE PLAY SAM'S ROUTE *heavy breathing*I would also like to mention as a side note that you don't have to actually participate in anything sexual to get the good endings, if that's not your thing, because like the narrator says ""consent is important!"" :)CONCLUSIONwhile it does sometimes fall into the common tropes and predictabilities of most dating sims, it's still a really good game with round(ish) characters and the experience is only enhanced if you are a fan of the prequel. also, you know in the first game I could never really get over how their eyes were like an inch higher then they should've been but I think the animation is A LOT better in this one, so you know there's that too. If you liked the first one, you'll love this one."
,Not Recommended,461700,23284397,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,DiscoCherry,"I really enjoyed the first game, so naturally I got this game thinking that I would enjoy it just as much, if not more.I played for about 3 hours, got a few different endings and was generally disappointed with this game. It was pretty convoluted and went off topic a bit so the flow of the game kept getting interrupted.I'll give a few examples.*SPOILERS AHEAD*It made no sense and in fact was a terrible idea that the boys brought their wives with them to the demon world, they are human and therefore would have no way to protect themselves. They were in the story just to be there; they had no importance.The malicious voice in the main character's head also killed it for me a little bit, it got to the point where it was just annoying.I appreciate the attempt at all the little side stories such as Diana's love with her guard and her team wanting her dead, but the way it was introduced was jarring.Long story short, this game isn't worth $10.00 and if you liked the way the original ended then don't bother playing this one."
,Recommended,461700,24976372,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"First, I must say that IlovedMatthew’s route. He’s my favorite character, I love his cute personality, and his VA is excellent. The bad ending surprised me a lot(and kinda creeped me out, but I liked?? Haha), and the good ending was cute. Sam’s route was another surprise, I’m not really a fan of “brute” characters, but the writing was good and I could feel that he really cared about the MC. The art style was good (I’m not so picky about that tho), BGM was great. But… Let me talk about the things that bothered me.*** SPOILERS ***The wives & absence of Naomi and Suzu: I absolutely adore Naomi and Suzu. Their routes on the first game were ok, but I love them more as friends of MC. It saddens me that you can’t interact more with them, besides talking on the phone. And suddenly there’s the wives? I honestly felt happy that the other boys (besides the one you’re dating) got married, but I think it was totally unnecessary to make them a part of the story, and interact with the MC. And… get sucked into the Demon World together with their husbands. I can understand about the boys, but the wives? They don’t do ANYTHING. They show up once in a while and that’s it. That was kind of a let down, and I really don’t think that the boys would risk the life of their beloved wives on war field. There might be an explanation for that, but sorry, I don’t buy it. ._.Erik’s route was all about Diana: Ok, Erik isn’t my favorite guy in the game. I’m not a fan of the playboy type, but I still care about this character. But honestly, his route was all about Diana’s sister. I couldn’t feel a proper interaction between him and the MC. Maybe it’s just me, but I think that kinda ruined what could have been a good route…Despite my complains, it was great to play this VN. I loved the fact that each route is unique, the new characters (except the wives lol), the multiple possible endings, and the fact that every choice matters. I really like this developer, and I wish them the best of luck on their next releases!7/10, because Matthew is love, Matthew is life."
,Recommended,461700,23494015,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Hunney,"Not only did I fall in love with the first one, I fell hard for the second one too. Sam maybe my favorite but I love and enjoy all the stories and finding new endings. I try to save everyone! I don't want them to die by the Demon Lords hands. I'm into these kind of stories and I just fangirl over it all the time as I play.I get so emotional while playing this game, it touches my heart strings so much.AND that ending song for the credits. I am head over heals for it. After the second time listening to it, I caught myself singing along! It was so beautiful.I strongly recommend this game for fellow, lovers of anime, fantsy, lovable monsters, sexy men/women, and heart touching stories, each of them have their own unique qualities c; -Wink wink-I could replay the stories from this and the first one and never be bored. Thank you so much for coming out with a second one!~ May there be more stories to come. ^-^"
76561198054798264,Recommended,461700,23848470,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Artemis908,"First off, I would recommend downloading the first game (I mean it's free) and playing that through first then play this game right afterwards. I had some time in between game 1 and game 2 while waiting for it to come out and I noticed that the storyline seemed more sappy. But when I played it through again after playing the first one, I had remembered my attachment to the romanceable character and really enjoyed it.One unique thing about this game is each romanceable character has a very unique storyline. There are some parts that remain the same in the middle, but so much is different depending on your ""fiancee"" that I'd recommend playing every romance option. This is what made the game worth the money to me since it was more than one storyline and it didn't get overly repetitive to play it over and over again. The story is pretty short, so you want to get your money's worth."
,Recommended,461700,32818832,Posted: 26 June,all,Memelord Akira,"This game was leagues better than its predecessor. It wasn't as cookie cutter of a story as it was before. The art style has improved a bit and I was pleased with the writing. The routes are all very different and the heroine wasn't as helpless, letting her become stronger and develop a sense of duty. And I liked the new characters and how much Diana changed from the first game. I loved her more than ever.But while there are good points, there are some places where it fell flat. The character development of the guys was a bit minimal and I wished to see a bit more from them. The sidestory between Diana/Saero was a bit out of the way and albeit a bit over the top. The player wants to focus on their love's route, not someone else's personal affair, especially while pursuing her on her route. While it was entertaining, I personally believed it was a bit much.Some of the fights were a bit anticlimactic.But overall, I liked it better than the first one.While there are flaws, this is still a pretty good otome game."
76561198078711322,Recommended,461700,23254421,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,MarchMagnolia,"Seduce Me 2: The Demon War is the obvious sequel to Seduce Me The Otome, created by Michaela Laws, a game which I enjoyed very much and felt had a great amount of content for being a free game. The question is, was its sequel successful in seducing me?In my opinion, after playing through three different routes, I find that this is a fantastic stand-alone game, as well as a great sequel, worth the complete full price - and i'll tell you why! (Ahoy, mild spoilers ahead! Won't spoil any end-game things though!)+ Story is infinitely better than the first. It has a more cohesive, fleshed-out plot rather than being all over the place like in the first. This sequel knows its beginning, middle and end and displays great pacing which makes the game feel wrapped up well at the end. It embraces the ""Demon"" storyline as a main factor in this game, rather than having it as a side aspect to speed up the relationship process. The story is insanely different in each route (I have played Sam's, Matthew's and James' stories, all vastly different and enjoyable). There is PLENTY of choice, and the story itself is really just so much fun to experience, with both love and war being the main topic. I have had so much fun playing this game.+ Art. The Art was a mixed bag, but I will talk about what I liked first because my thoughts on the art are mostly positive. It has greatly improved since the first game, and with this improvement the characters have changed slightly. I really loved this change - mostly. Matthew looked good. Sam, James and Diana look absolutely awesome. The backgrounds were lovely and I thought the game as a whole was easy on the eyes. There is better art in other VN's, but the art in these two games has a lot of personality imo.+ Voice acting is better than ever. Every voice actor, yet again, did an amazing job. I was sort of hoping that ""Mika"" would have a proper voice this time around, but to no avail. Anyway, waiting on that blooper reel, Michaela. Pls. Need more Jonah and green apples in my life.+ Replayability. I mentioned in the story section that there are plenty of choices, and there really are. Each story is so amazingly different, I found out so many different things in three different playthroughs, and I'm still not bored of the game. I still have plenty of achievements to unlock. The first game got incredibly repetitive. This one, while in some parts does still repeat, is not even on the same level of repetition.+ Those sex scenes doe. This game is like 80% fanfiction lemony smut goodness and it's just great. Love it. It's even better that you're granted the choice to avoid them completely - not that I'm going to do that ever - but you know, that's great for people who don't like that sort of stuff+ Characterization. The guys in their routes really shined once more, really grew throughout the story, showcasing their relatibility and flaws. The side characters were very interesting too when you selected their training, especially Saero. However, Diana is the character that truly shines in this sequel. She tugs at your heart strings and makes you feel the feels without even starting her route. If you hated her in the first game, you'll love her in this one.+  Music is on point. That piano? Christopher Escalante you are the man. I'm not a person that focuses on music, but every time that piano came on I would just sit and listen to it in a dreamy state. Action/fight music is also amazing and gets you so pumped up. Overall, the music was never annoying, repetitive or too loud.- Art - While I overall enjoyed the art, I had a couple problems. Erik's face was drawn well but his physique looked unnaturally thin, though this didn't bother me too much. What bothered me the most was Damien. Suddenly shorter and looking really nothing like what he is meant to, each time he popped up I got annoyed. His body looks weird. He looks 5 years younger than he did in the first. I assume this happened because he is in fact the youngest and they were trying to re-establish this but isn't Matthew meant to be the babyface? These changes made him feel like a different character. I suppose the same could be said with Sam, but I thought his change was for the better and was a vast improvement in comparison to Damien's.- The Wives. Okay, I've got to say it. I have no idea if this is true or not, but did some fans win a competition to have their OC's inserted into the game? Because this is exactly what it feels like. For majority of these wives, it feels like they were created by a 12-year-old on DeviantArt. They aren't explained properly. It's not realistic to think all the guys would be married in a mere two years. They have no substantial impact on any plot or dialogue. They are there, purely and simply for one reason: fanservice. The only wives I liked are Irene (Erik's wife) and Carrie (Sam's wife). The rest are painfully hipster and ""unique"", looking like they haven't started high school yet. Their addition was forced and broke immersion.- No art for MC. This game felt like it was trying to completely get rid of ""Mika"" Andersons' pre-established appearance from the first game. In three playthroughs I saw the back of her head once. I just didn't understand this. We know what she looks like, why not draw her instead of drawing one of the boy's from a provocative perspective? (Update: She is drawn in Erik's route, so apologies for this one. I think she could have been drawn more though)- There's bugs. Incorrect text from different playthroughs. I got some achievements that I shouldn't have got. Not a huge deal, I understand the game was rushed out.TL;DR: Overall, I enjoyed this story a lot more than the original. It was more entertaining and well structured than the first, definitely worth $10. It's 80% lemon. You get to fight things. There's lots of nipples for the whole family to enjoy.8.5/10 - It seduced me again."
,Recommended,461700,23320354,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Vidservent,"Well, aside from the ""love making"" scenes that would obviously be there like the first game (lol) I like how the MC can choose to learn various fighting styles from simple sword fighting to animal spirit and shadow realm magic >:D If only there was a CG of the MC being a badass and killing small fry demons it would have been awesome X3There are 6 routes (The Incubi and Diana) with at least 3 types of endings for each. Assuming you choose a different trainer each time, all the routes are 90% different with the exception of Diana because her route is completely different than the others.Voice Acting bloopers unlock when you've gone through all the routes and they are hilarious XD"
,Recommended,461700,29894205,Posted: 13 February,all,BeowulfsChair,"Unlike the first game, the story doesnt feel as repetetive when playiong other arcs. The characters are more in depth (some more than others but i cant compain) but the artwork is..... questionable... sometimes. In the case of some characters i feel that it has improved from the first game. but in others, i cant say i enjoy the change. But if you want a visual novel that doesnt cost a fortune to play *cough*voltage inc *cough* and has an amazing story with lovable characters, this is the one for you. just remember to play the first game too! its totally free."
,Recommended,461700,32795577,Posted: 25 June,all,hufflepuffxlulux,"I thought the first one had been well excecuted and this one...this one was 10x BETTER. Many mushy moments later, many hot moments later, many tears later, 3 routes later, 2 devastating heartbreaks later, 1 amazing game!I love the angst."
76561198152395187,Recommended,461700,32522147,Posted: 17 June,all,whisperstory,Very exciting sequel with each route revealing something new about several characters.  The story was well thought out and the characters were as charming as in the first game.
76561198216449079,Recommended,461700,23174751,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,FlutterSparkles,"EDITED!YAY for hot demon dudes and ladies!!!All kidding aside though, I was eagerly anticipating this game ever since I played the Seduce Me the Otome (which is amazing by the way). As soon as I saw this available, I had to buy it (and nope I couldnt wait until it was on sale). Ok but fangirling aside, I am in love with this visual novel (so far) as much as I am with the first game. The writing is impeccable and really well done (and seriously one of the best written visual novels in my opinion). And I have to also say the voice acting is great, especially K who cracks me up with her humor. I know I am not too far into my playthrough, but I will update as I go along. (And truthfully, I dont need lots of play time to know that I already love this game.) I have started with Diana's route, because hey who doesnt like bewbs (hey I am a woman who can appreciate both the men and women) ;) Which makes me wish they continued the protagonist's romances with her friends, Suzu and Naomi, and had routes for them as well.^^^EDITED: I just finished Diana's route and I have to say it was great...however it was incredibly SHORT (in my opinion) at least compared to the first game. So would i still recommend this game, heck yes but just be aware that it is short as it took me no time at all to get through one route. HOWEVER after completing Sam's route I want to say that his route is much longer than Diana's (which is a bit disappointing that her story wasnt as fully fleshed out as the brother's route).  MATTHEW's Route: At the end of the story, Diana had died, but when K did her little epilogue monologue somehow Diana was now alive? So there are a few discrepancies in the story which may have confused and irked me a litte.^^^***Will edit review once I get further along! I hope you all also enjoy this game as much as I am***"
76561198281644011,Not Recommended,461700,26445604,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,shai-fox,"I was really excited for this game! I was enjoying it up until I got to the portion with the other guys wives. It kind of just depressed me. I don't feel like I can ever play any of the other routes for fear of seeing Sam's real wife. It makes my character feel unimportant. I'm just replaceable, kind of thing. Honestly, I don't think I would have spent my money on this had I known. The ending of the last game would have been enough for me."
76561198069159152,Recommended,461700,30466099,Posted: 12 March,all,wrb41977,"This sequel to the Free-to-Play Seduce Me Otome is a great wrap-up to the stories of the incubi and the succubus Diana. Each one of them has a separate route that you ""continue"" from their route in the first game. Each of the good endings concludes on a triumphant note. And there are enough twists and turns that could lead to the bad endings that make the game exciting."
76561198298515829,Recommended,461700,23320288,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Hrist,Ever since i got this game almost a week ago i not been able to put it down from the voice acting to the music it's all perfectly woven together. i liked part 1 which is free so i recomend you to go play that to get the back story of the boys and diana first.Pros: Voice acting is greatover 20 possable endingsGreat Music/soundMany starting routes giving each a diferent way through the game with branching story choicesCons: only thing i noticed is a couple typos in the Writen Textoverall Definetly worth the asking price and more.Rating 9/10
76561198001455891,Recommended,461700,24585394,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Surlyna,"Alright, giving this game a review because why not?  I played Seduce Me The Otome on a lark because it was free, and I wanted to see what a free visual novel had to offer.  I was not disappointed and became slightly obessed with getting all of the achievements.  I was thoroughly surprised that the sequel was already out, and since I enjoyed the first so much, I was happy to plunk down 10 bucks to play the second.  I highly recommend playing through the first game, which is again free, so it won't cost you anything but time.  You don't have to, but you get more background into the characters than what K gives you in the beginning.I really enjoyed this game, and it is a fine successor to the first.  Character development is very solid.  All of the boys have their own distinct personalities that are fairly consistent with the first game.  You also meet other interesting characters, like your trainers and Diana's personal guard Saero, who all have their own motivations, if you care to find out about them.  The voice acting is done very well, and I was very surprised to see a character from the first game come back and say ""You missed me, ♥♥♥♥♥?""  I found myself saying ""Yes.  Yes, I missed you tons.""The story lines are good as well.  It makes sense as to why you are in the demon world and what you have to do to get back to the human world, if you so choose.  The story lines could've been a little longer, especially Diana's.  I was able to knock her arc out and get all the achievements associated with it in about three hours.  It's important to note that what you say or don't say actually matters in this game.  Unlike the first game, which was incredibly formulaic and predictable in getting its endings, you have to pay attention to your paramour and his personality.  I am leaving Diana out of this one because in her arc, you aren't paying attention to her.  You're paying to Saero, who is a fantastic character and is easily my favorite new character.  I wish there was more of him in this game.Onto the not-so-great stuff.  The art design for the game, on a whole, is better, except when it comes to the boys.  Some of their default poses are so unnatural looking.  It's like a few of their joints are at odd angles.  Also, Damien's character model was the most drastically changed.  While he is the youngest of the five, in the first game, he didn't look or act like the youngest.  That was reserved for Matthew, and I understood it because of their personalities.  Now, Damien definitely looks the youngest and sometimes acts like it too.  No bueno.  Finally, the wives.  As a whole, I like the fact that the boys that you don't romance move on and find love.  That's awesome, but with the exception of Carrie (Sam's wife) in James's arc, they have nothing to do, and it really pisses me off.  I want to know about these ladies!  I want to know about Irene's fashion sense, Noryn's cat leggings, and Iridessa, who looks to be of Native American descent.  I still have a bit of the game to play, farming achievements and such, but if over 20 hours hasn't revealed anything yet, I doubt another 10 will.Despite all of that being said, this game is worth your money.  Doubly so if you've played the first game.  The good endings are satisfying, the bad ones are heartbreaking, and the voice acting is superb.  Good job, Ms. Laws."
,Recommended,461700,27327861,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tiriamalisa,"Nominated it for the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" catagory because I just can't handle the feels, my boyfriend called me a weeb10/10 would cry my eyes out all night again"
,Recommended,461700,33169222,Posted: 2 July,all,Crowbeak,":oI really liked the first Seduce Me, and they did not disappoint with the second one. It's even better than the first.If you haven't played the first one, grab it before this -- that one doesn't cost anything. Also, you're missing out."
76561198059094855,Recommended,461700,24328900,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ScorpiSaggi,"God, I love the voice actors. I wish Steam had more English voiced Otome games! ...I wish there were more English voice Otome games period."
,Recommended,461700,26472403,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Jelke,"This was such a rollercoaster of a game, unbelievable.Amazing voice acting, soundtrack was great, and what an ending...If you like action and a good cry, this is a good buy."
,Recommended,461700,26281477,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Crazed Author,"If you have played and enjoyed the first game, then play this one! That is not a request! Do yourself the favor of playing this game! Seduce Me 2: The Demon War has improved so much that was wrong with the first game.First, the repetitiveness among all the routes has gone down significantly. There are a few scenes that remain the same, but they are few and far between. Most of the routes are their own story, starting and ending completely different.Second, the art style has changed and, personally, I really do like the new designs. Characters stand out more to me and the coloring just seems better.The voice acting is superb. This game is almost fully voice acted, excluding the main character's lines and descriptions. Considering just how much dialogue is in this game, I cannot look past that without applauding.There is one complaint I have though:*SPOILERS AHEAD*The wives. I am very happy that the other boys get to have partners even if the main character isn't with them, but why did they have to be so dull and unnecessary? They have no relevance to the plot and really just stand there while everything falls apart around them. They don't even help in the final battle! What I loved about the first game was that no character felt insignificant. Anyone introduced had an effect on the plot in some way. But the wives? Not so much.Other than that, I feel that this is a game worth your time if you enjoyed the first one and/or enjoy otome games. Personally, I've put hours into the game and only completed two routes. There is just so much to experience! It is definitely worth your ten dollars."
76561198259291261,Recommended,461700,30893956,Posted: 1 April,all,The Rainbow Panda,This is a amazing game and all but i'm still in love with the artstyle of the first game i think i prefer that style but still an amazing game (UPDATE) ok duuuuuuuuuuuude i just finished it fully and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing amazing had me in tears at one point ♥♥♥♥ing amazing soundtrack to like ♥♥♥♥ i love this so much
,Recommended,461700,25038865,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Lin,"Seduce Me 2: The Demon War is the sequel to the free Visual Novel; Seduce Me: The Otome and continue the story of the incubus brothers and Mika Anderson. When it's finally time to get married to the love of her life, Mika find herself in the Abyssal Plains, the demon world.I really enjoyed Seduce Me: The Otome, and I did mention to a few friends that I wouldn't have mind paying for it, since the story was really interesting and it was easy to fall in love with each character. I got really happy when I heard that Michaela Laws decided to make a sequel to the game, and decided to buy a copy rather quickly. For 9,99€ you get a really good love story, it took me over 40 hours to complete everything and I enjoyed every minute of it.Seduce Me 2: The Demon War improved everything as well, the colours are a lot brighter and they raised the quality of the art. And of course, the voice actors did a splendid job and the writing has improved a lot. The creators of this game, and especially Michaela Laws herself, shows that you don't need a huge team in order to make a great Visual Novel."
,Recommended,461700,24987711,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,KillerKoda2,I LOVED THIS GAME MORE THEN I LOVE MYSELF.horrible thing to say... but the voice acting is stop on and they voice actors really know what they are doing and show real emotion. It is extreamly well written and i love the fact im able to choose weather or not to have sex.i had a way longer comment on how much i love and recommend it but my computer decided to update before it posted and i died alittle inside. but im also too lazy to retype it all so just deal with this. sorry!also you should totally make a searo path <33 jk jk. (maybe. XD)
,Recommended,461700,25099938,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Espeon (Dankun's love),i really love it and i bet you girls will love it too
76561198141123924,Recommended,461700,25165416,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,kurozora.konoi,"To put it simply... This game is AWESOME! And I usually don't tell things that bluntly in my reviews, but I can't help thinking like that.I wasn't into the base concept of the first game at the beginning, though I liked how the events did unfold. But this sequel - is so much fun and emotions. It's a lot less silly than the first one, since the situation is... well, pretty bad actually. The game is intense and full of choices and endings, the music is as cool as in the first one, and the art is a lot better (it's actually really nice!). And well, we still have (even more) choices that impact events unrelated with the romance and ending, that will shape other aspects of the story, wich is always cool in a game like this one - you're not ONLY focusing in the love story, you also have other important decisions to do.I've already told it in my review for the first game, but I did only one character's route, and the route was awesome enough for preventing me from trying the others. I'm no completionnist, and the route I did was satisfying and perfect enough to be my only ""canon"". Now, I'm not quite sure the other routes are as good (I did Sam's), but I won't spoil the thing for you - you really should play and find out by yourself (but seriously, this was one of the awesomest endings ever in any otome game I've played!).My review may seem biased here, in all sincerity, but well, I can't really help my feelings about the game, and I hope that the couple of things I said may be enough to make you want to try it. It's really worth the money, and the story of the first game wouldn't be really complete without this one."
,Recommended,461700,26701003,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kaeltsee,"After playing the first game I felt myself wanting more so I eventually broke down and bought this. I see a few complaints over the price, but I think it is well deserved considering the first game is free.Again, the voice acting is incredibly well done, and at parts literally made me cry hearing the sincere heartbreak in their voices. You get to choose whose path you're on from the get-go which makes sense being a direct sequel. There are no paths for Naomi, Suzu, or Andrew, but it entirely makes sense that if you didn't end up with a demon you would not have been part of this story.Each demon's story is very unique making each playthrough entirely different. There are multiple good and bad endings for each path, with other inbetween side stories with the various trainers. It makes sense to me that the wives of the incubi came with them to demon world -- they are strong women to be married to demons to begin with, they aren't about to let them go to demon world alone, whether the boys like it or not! The Skip option is very useful for trying to work through all the endings and collect the various achievements.One thing I disliked was the art style changed from the first game. Although the scenery and storyline images were still well done while keeping it simple, the boys visually changed. Although Matthew, Erik, and James didn't change all that much, there is a huge difference for Damien and Sam... and being two of my absolute favorite characters they felt different just by looking at them. As the game played through, I eventually got over this since the voice actors are the same, so although visually different it's still our same beloved characters.10/10 horns are handlebars"
,Recommended,461700,23853429,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Whacking,"I LOVE THIS OTOME!!! The author has truly poured hours of work into this novel and I'm in love with it. I've only read Erik's story and just started James' but I already know that I will love that, also. I can't wait to read all the guys' stories. Honestly I was skeptical in purchasing this novel, but I am SO glad I did. I love the voices. Love the music. Massive 5 stars!!"
76561198099033210,Recommended,461700,35062494,Posted: 19 September,all,Rose From Ash,"Better than the first and I enjoyed the hell out of the first.I love the amount of choice the player has and the differences in the different routes. The voice acting is on point and though I was a little disappointed in a couple of the new character drawings (Damien's overly childlike appearance mostly) it was still very visually beautiful as well.Also the bloopers nearly made me pee my pants from laughter. (Jelloapocalypse, seriously. That man is hysterical.)If you liked the first game or if you enjoy deep, emotional, humorous romances, play this game. It's fun as hell."
76561198072506040,Recommended,461700,26346959,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,"Ban, the sin of greed","now, I was rather hesitant to spendTENbucks on this, but it's quite well worth the money if you enjoyed the first game enough, (I simply adore Sam and Erik, mostly Sam though)the story is fully voiced, (save Mika)BEAUTIFUL cg's!each route is around 2-2.5 hours long (which is pretty good among otomes)many different endings. BOTH good and bad ones!now, there ARE sex scenes (nothing too graphic (as seen in the available screenshot of Sam saying, ""maybe really am a brute...""))  but they are COMPLETELY OPTIONAL, you can skip them and still get the good endings!I can almost GUARANTEE that you will laugh your head off at least once per route. (again, especially if you liked the first game. oh Simon....XD)but my personal favorite part of this series is the fact that they added in aBLOOPER REEL!to unlock the blooper reel, you must get 6 out of 7 endings (from what I've heard)"
76561198095256514,Recommended,461700,23242000,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mistress_Flame,"I don't know what to say except that this was well worth more than the $9.99 that it's asking for....It's so beautiful and funny as hell! I admit I really was drawn into the characters and I felt so much emotion behind the voice actors as well.Please note!! This game has real mature themes! Like scenes explaining alot of sex and violence. So if you not into that, then there is the proverbial door --->The rest of you, enjoy your smut ;)"
76561198112028277,Recommended,461700,23200344,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,sweetpoison14,"The boys and Diana are back in a great sequal ""Seduce Me 2: The Demon War"" This game is brilliant and well worth the asking price, a fully englished voiced otome with an entire host of new characters it is great fun for fans of the previous free ""Seduce Me"" game. I haven't been able to put it down since I got it."
76561198099955282,Recommended,461700,23208624,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,LadyArtemis,"I highly enjoyed this game. I will give a caveot, while it is NOT required, you will get a greater enjoyment out of this game if you have played the previous one (and even better if you've played through all 5 boy's stories in the first one).I found the underlying background story even more compelling as the previous version.Pros:voice actors are on pointstory is engagingPERFECT sequal to the previousChance to be a self rescuing princessGood story length for each play throughPerfectly steamy if you want it to be. Perfectly sweet if that is the way you prefer itCons:There were a FEW places where the voice acting didn't match the writtentext, but it wasn't a massive distractionSome of the storylines will yank the heartstrings pretty hardI can't figure out the blessed password :DThe art style is a LITTLE different from the previous but I preferred some of the art in the second one more than that previous version. I *think* some of the voices changed and that was the biggest disjoint for me. Other than that, I LOVED this sequal and highly recommend it."
,Recommended,461700,23214609,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Wafanic,"This game makes my life look sad and made me think I should find a partner soon. 10/10I have a bug where the story loops on Damien's route, though."
,Not Recommended,461700,24820667,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,GRIONSAW,"The witing is abysmal. The first game wasn't ""good"" but it was free and I've waded through some fanfics of questionable quality in my time so I managed to stuggle through to the end. I thought maybe things would have improved all around for this one since it's being sold for a not insubstatial price. Nope. It's exactly the same level of quality. If you like deviantart animu boys and bad fanfiction, this is the game for you."
76561198249272628,Recommended,461700,24244830,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,h3adinth3clouds,"I absolutely LOVE this game. At first i was iffy since it had to be paid for unlike the first game; but it was SOOO worth it! I love how in depth the characters backstories are! And the artwork has improved for the most part... the voice acting is SPECTACULAR. It's given me chills... and it's made me cry! I loved it so much.I think that another game should be made where you can explore your new life with whichever incubi you chose! Or Diana if you chose her route.Overall, this game is amazing. I would play it over and over again and again if I had the time."
76561198301212780,Recommended,461700,24568238,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Seddy,"I can't even begin to put into words the amount of awesome this game has. I really adored the first game and was more than happy to sink money into the second, i definitely don't regret it. When i finally managed to figure out how to start a route (cause i didn't realize you had to click on friggin orbs in the start menu, thought i had already broken the game within the first minute of starting it with no start button) i started with Diana, since that's what i ended off the first game with. Had to go back though cause i didn't know two ♥♥♥♥♥ about what was happening so i ended up starting the game with Jamesssssssss. and, well, all in all after doing everything, Damien is my favorite out of the boys. (Couldn't bring myself to keep him as a Demon even though i love them more than humans.) Saero is the only reason i even bothered with Diana's route, and my actual favorite character and the one i love the most isn't even a romance option. icry.  Other than that, i have to agree with most of the other people reviewing, i don't see the point in having the wives exist. seriously. I think the only feeling i got from them was jealousy cause they were around the boys. ;con a final note, really love the artstyle upgrade. Though i can agree with some, like the sudden change with Sam. Jesus when i saw him it hit me like a brick wall like ""who the hell are you?"" other than that when i got use to it, i really started loving the artstyle.anywho, i highly recommend this game, make sure you play the first one since it's free anyways and you'll know what the hell your doing, and have fun.(edit: Went back and had Damien stay a Demon, mm mm mmmm, that feeling when you crush your own soul.)godireallylovethisgame"
,Recommended,461700,24211849,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Nuttcases,"Absolutely wonderful game, even better than the first (and that was free!). This game went on sale right after I bought it. I still don't regret paying full price. I got hours and hours of fun out of it.I've seen some comments regarding the other wives' uselessness in the story, and I have to agree there. An exception to the rule is Carrie since she helps out along James's route and her partnership with Sam is just too great. All the wives feel just a bit less useless if you choose the ""I want to train myself"" route, since this gives you a short scene with each of the other couples, but in general they have no purpose."
,Recommended,461700,28783994,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,XpouiiGames,"This game was an awesome follow up to the first Seduce Me game. It was a little more grown up, and the artwork was different but characters were still recognizable. The writing was still good and the protagonist was still able to be as strong as ever!This story focuses a LOT on action and magic and the Demon War than romance but it is still there and it never felt like the romance was absent. There are some genuinely heartbreaking moments in this story and I actually found myself laughing out loud a few times too.Sad this series is ending but cannot wait to see what the creator comes up with next. If you're thinking about it, PLAY THIS GAME!"
76561198213359933,Recommended,461700,29924910,Posted: 14 February,all,Anoldanimefan,"i really enjoyed this game - a lot of dept, amazing artwork, well writtem and (may I add) very poignat storylines. My only bug bear was that I wished Diana to have had more depth in her own storyine as she interested me the most but I love this game regardless - thank you!"
,Recommended,461700,26352939,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Katla Carrin,"Played the first game and was so hyped for this game. Let me just say that I was NOT disappointed. This game is absolutely fantastic! I have played through all of the routes and I am simply in love with the game. The storytelling continues to blow me away and you can tell that a lot has been put into this to make such a great universe filled with a diversity of characters.The art did change from the first game yes, but I think it looks amazing and I loved it."
76561198340000289,Recommended,461700,35497265,Posted: 5 October,all,Luna~Moon,"This sequeal to Seduce Me the Otome, is so awesome and great. I loved all the routes and the voice acting is great as well, if you loved the first one you should totally get this one."
,Recommended,461700,35512823,Posted: 6 October,all,Ceaseless Duality,"I had really enjoyed Seduce Me the Otome, so I was looking forward to the sequel. Just like the first game, this one has a mixture of things I liked and disliked. Usually, I do pros and cons sections, but I feel like it might get a bit complicated if I use that arrangement.While I didn't hate the artwork or anything in this, I did prefer the artwork of the first game a bit more. I think the guys looked prettier before.The writing quality remained the same, which is a bit disappointing, but oh well. Some people have no desire to improve their writing skills. It isn't bad writing, but it could definitely be better.In relation to the writing, I felt that the romantic scenes were ""hit and miss,"" like last time. Sometimes, the scenes would elicit romantic feelings and other times I'd be bored.Once again, Damien and Diana's story paths were the most interesting to me. However, Diana's path was much shorter than the others and I felt kinda cheated because of that, since she's the only female romance option.I felt that the other brothers' wives/girlfriends were mostly pointless. They're merely inserted into the story for ... extra CGs? Only one of them has a role in the story, and that's only during one story path. Otherwise, these characters aren't developed at all and any scenes with them felt boring/uninteresting.I really liked that one of the endings involves polyamory! It's such a rare find in media.I was disappointed in the lack of people of color. It's a fictional world, so there really isn't an excuse for why there weren't any black or at least darker skinned characters. The brothers of the story are all HALF siblings, meaning that one (or more) of their mothers could've been a woman of color. They didn't need to be all white.There were some typos, but I didn't come across any scripting errors.Overall, it was definitely worth my time and I did enjoy it. I just felt like so many little things could've been improved. I do still recommend it, especially to those who like otome VNs."
,Recommended,461700,24223200,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Happie692B,"This sequel game has seriously passed my expectations within the Seduce Me story :) Voice acting is always amazing, art style is gorgeous along with the music is absolutely spectacular.I recommend this game because it did more than the first game did with certain choices you could get a really bad ending when you were originally trying to get a good end with your partner. If you love the incubi brothers along with the idea of fighting in a war, then this game will impress you."
,Recommended,461700,24148429,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,SparklePony007,"If you liked the first game you will definitly like this one. The huge difrence although, is the art. The cut sene art is much better compared to the first besides my general compaint about the art change. The prasumably new artist made the boys, Especially Damein, look a lot younger, which takes away from his general appeal. He is the youngest, but looking young isn't part of his spacific dynamic. if you havent already guesed, his change in aperance bothers me quite a lot, him being my favorate.Besides the art one other thing I thought was unecessary, is the wives, they just don't add anything."
76561198124023942,Recommended,461700,23384704,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,f**k the world i am an otaku,the game is amazing i loved it and every moment whan i playd that game
76561197989218117,Recommended,461700,23260799,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Dark Angel Gaming,"I liked the first game a lot and went to buy the second game. i think its a great game with my twists and turns that i felt that was worth it at the end. even still with me working though the endings, i cant help but feel joy and happyness as i play and cant get that feling out of me even when im with my girl. though, only thing that i really want to listen again and again is the ending song and am waiting for that to make it to steam as a soundtrack dlc or somthing like that. thank you for a wonderful, fun and outstanding game which i will keep playing even into the days to come."
,Recommended,461700,23279236,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,ItalianLoveCake,"I recommend you play Seduce Me: The Otome first, and be open-minded to each of the characters, if possible.This game is, in my opinion, one of the coolest ways an otome should be portrayed. The sequel is even more empowering than the first game, and it shows. Better character designs, story-telling, more choices, significantly higher amounts of content, and beautiful romance.The actors all do a fantastic job, and I am so glad that all of the effort and work and hours and hours of ups and downs led to this creation. Michaela, keep doing you. Thank you to everyone involved in this!And if you use Tumblr, be sure to check out my blog, @food-that-looks-like-seduce-me . I'm always taking requests."
,Recommended,461700,23306028,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,diginyxx,"Normally I don't play games like this, but this was really fun! Hope they'll be more from this universe, as I found it very interesting. Music and voice acting is superb."
76561198049413457,Recommended,461700,23250209,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,The Nekozaya Oni,"Everything hurts, this game, my soul. It does what a sequel should especially with this kind of game, continue the story and boy howdy does this story tear at your heart until you're left a mess of sobs, because maybe its really hard for you to get the good end maybe its really easy, but if you want to see something tearjerkingly beautiful then you have to play all the routes and get all of the endings, including the bad ones to gain the scrambled letters of the angels password.If you've played the first game and enjoyed it, you'll love this, everthings been upped, the music, the art, the story-everything.and if you haven't played the first game, what are you doing? go get it! The first Seduce Me is FREE man! FREE!!! meaning theres no risk that you wasted money if you didn't like it!10/10 would seduce again"
76561198325116737,Recommended,461700,29713765,Posted: 5 February,all,KnightXMare,Love the game so far as i did for the first game. Although we did not have much picture scenes of the main character as we did in the first game. I would love to see an update for pictures of mika herself . Please try to include her face in more scenes thanks . Anyways a great story game and hope the developer makes more of this kind of games to play and enjoy
76561198324008401,Recommended,461700,28807596,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Reba,It was an amazing game to play I loved the first one and this one was even better! Matthew had the best bad ending and story.
76561198049217770,Recommended,461700,23307380,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,nalani,"THERE IS SO MUCH CONTENT!!!Each route is so unique and its definitely an amazing sequel to the first game, with a lot of improvements!While I agree that all the wives seemed random at first, I think it was an awesome kickstarter perk and so I def can't be mad.So impressed with this game so far and I've barely even scratched the surface!"
,Recommended,461700,31384639,Posted: 26 April,all,Kayluhh08,"Great continuation from Seduce Me, You get to follow up with all your favorite characters and even meet some wickedly hot new ones, Voices are great and in english even better! Well worth the buy and some routes will leave you in awe, even if its not the MC's ending, You get a happy ending and you and you and you!!"
76561198145655597,Recommended,461700,23293965,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dani Ton,"I've never written a review before but this game, and literally anything Michaela Laws, is way too worthy for my measly gushing. Seriously, just get it because it's a wonderful game and a mind blowing sequel. Also, the voice actors are just so awesome!"
,Recommended,461700,32231589,Posted: 6 June,all,Valentyne,"If you enjoyed the first game, I can safely say you will enjoy this one even more. I found the artwork to be an improvement from the last enstallment, but it still has a tough time stacking up to many of the paid visual novels available. However, the virtues of this game lie not in the atwork, but in the story and its overall creativity. This game has much more adult themes and is far darker than the last.It's often difficult to find a romance-based visual novel with English-speaking voiced characters. The voice acting in this game is some of the best that I think I've seen in any visual novel, and the high quality of the sound production does not go unnoticed; they couldn't have chosen a better cast to bring the characters to life.Despite the many visual novels out there that are of such outstanding quality, this one still manages to make its mark, and a rather impressive one at that.Players of the original game please note: Suzu and Naomi are NOT dateable characters in this installment. There is a great dateable female character in this game, but they are not among them."
,Recommended,461700,24373592,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,DanixKm,"Where to even start...My heart is still aching from my sadistic idea to go for all achivements which include the bad endings (almost there but the heart needs some recovery)I came here straight from having played through the first game. If you haven't played Seduce Me The Otome yet, I highly recommend doing so before playing this (and it's still free!). It's not a necessity since you can skim the story at the beginning but it gives you a better feel for the characters.I was a little worried after having loved the first game. How could this ever live up to the expectations I then had for the game? But boy was I wrong. I had nothing to worry about at all having fallen in love with the Demon Wars.Heh... I thought some of the sadder endings in the first game got me a little in the feelsletting the boys go and losing memories of them was quite sad, okay?but this one was a serious suckerpunch. I don't mean that to sound like a bad thing at all! The story was so well written and I found myself so immersed in the storyline and each of the characters that playing through the worst of endings had me genuinly tearing up. On the other hand achieving the best of endings had me right in the fluffy feels with loud 'awws' and a fluttering heart from the happies.To clarify there are 6 stories and for the most part they are very different though do expect to repeat a little bit of the same text (yay for skip!) however most of them are for the most part unique with only the bare minimum being repeated. This game has multiple endings depending on the way you play and more than just one bad and one good.I see some complaints about how the art changed and I can't obviously deny that. The art style did change and though my preferance will always be to the first, I ended up falling in love with the style of this game too. The voice acting was spot on once again in suiting each character perfectly (I hate it when voices just don't fit a face)  and the dialogue and story very well written.It's easy to see how much love, time and effort went into making this game and I have enjoyed every second I've spent lost in the story. Highly recommended."
76561198149140710,Recommended,461700,24645157,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Walking Android 18,"It had previously slipped my mind, but I am now determined to write a positive review over ths amazing game! What else can be said? This game is absolutely fantastic in every way. The voice acting is phenomenal. I can certainly hear the improvement compared to the first game. The art style is especially beautiful. The characters seem a bit less detailed when compared to the character models in the first game, but the art style is so amazing on it's own that it creates more than an exception. The modified and newly developed music is so lyrical. It warms my heart. Not to mention, considering how much time and effort the developers put into this game, (restless nights, countless corrections to minor issues, cranium and skeletal injuries) I'd say the game turned out especially fantastic. There are too many highlights to recognize with this game, but these were some of the basics. Thank you very much for reading! I highly recommend buying and playing this game and the first one as well. Thanks again! Have a wonderful day! ;) <3"
,Recommended,461700,24660652,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,hannahlikescats,"I've never been a big fan of anime visual novels, let alone anime/visual novels in general.But Seduce Me the Otome and Seduce Me 2 has definitely changed that for me. At first when I saw Seduce Me the Otome I was a little leery, but at the time I was bored and needed something to entertain me. Learning the backstory of the incubi and Miss Anderson drew me into the first one. I loved seeing each incubi's backstory and even what happened if you chose to forget them and go on with a seemingly normal life.I wasn't so sure about spending roughly $10 on this game because I was afraid it was going to be similar to its predecessor, but I was dead wrong. Each minute I became more and more addicted to this game. It was so much better than the original Seduce Me. The voice actors, artwork, storylines, everything is just perfect. Kinda wish we were able to know more about the incubi's wives though.SM2 also helped me learn that I am a huge sucker for the pet name 'princess'."
,Recommended,461700,26462883,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,~Lil RubyRose~,"How strong is your love? It will be tested in this sequal to 'Seduce Me the Otome' which is needed to play first for the full story. Another beautiful piece, this story gets much darker. As always, your choices affect the story outcome and there are many more paths to follow in this one than the previous. It was a very enjoyable experience and its almost sad these stories come to an end. Definitely one of the best Otomes available on Steam <3Although I did see the wives of the boys as unnecessary to the overall story... and I honestly got very growly at the girl with Matthew when playing alternate routes :P wow jealousy much? But other than random figures, they played little part in any of it and I can agree with a number of other people here, they were out of place. And if you needed to throw girls in, why not Naomi and Suzu? Those girls were awesome! Still it didnt destroy my experience... well except seeing THAT girl with my Matthew... growls..."
76561198255092058,Recommended,461700,33691930,Posted: 21 July,all,The Law,"A great sequel to the first awesome part of the series, this game improves on its predecessor with more complex and differing story lines dependent on character, the emphasis placed upon consent concerning sex and no punishment for choosing not to have sex with your partner is praiseworthy, and much more eroticism in the story(if you're into that kind of thing). In keeping with tradition; the voice acting is impeccable and the choices your character makes have significant impact upon the story.My only critique would be that the art does not have as much charm as the first Seduce Me the Otome but is still pleasant visually."
76561198280643652,Recommended,461700,23189283,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,trouvaille,"I love this story. It is very different from any other story. I have read ""Seduce Me the Otome"" and I thought that was great but, this stoy is even better. I love for everyone to read this story and enjoy it's content. I mostly recommend Sam's route; He goes through a lot of things in this story."
76561198037345493,Recommended,461700,23188140,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,cnutmuffin,"As compelling, if not more so than the original with better voice acting. An excellent continuation of the story."
76561198091304257,Recommended,461700,23183458,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,[ISL] Chrys,"I haven't gotten far in Sam's route yet, But I'll say I'm digging the game! Well worth the wait!The one thing that bugged me is, why put the other's wives in the story? It's about you not them. Sure they could be married but don't put the wives in the story. I feel it pushed your importance back in the story."
,Not Recommended,461700,23296357,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,P_TOG,"A perfect game for lovers of run-on sentences, grammatical errors, and art with no sense of proportions. All 10 hours of our playthrough can be found here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRlEFNxHM6Tuwan57LR934ybv5HcLqo1v"
76561197963256407,Not Recommended,461700,29060246,Posted: 6 January,all,ZielDroHne,"First... I really liked the first one. Thou I was not completely happy with the artwork, the story was nice to play.... I thought it could not get any worse.... but THIS .... I can't even look at the ""Artwork"" it really kept getting worse. I don't like the game. Not because of the story...well... the stoy.... lol... everyone brings his gilfriend....yeah. Totally.... Party in between the demon war.Sry, but the drawings did not capture the atmosphere here.The disclaimer told me ""You have to be 18 or older"" ...to look at drawings that seem to come out of a children's paint-book.Btw. The strange way Dianas Hair is curled gave me the Impression of a ""strange boobed"" girl. With on boob on the backside? A misplaced arm...whatever... It can't be unseen.The backgrounds are almost nice.... but these ""Figures"" - lol sry.... I did not approve."
76561198277159999,Recommended,461700,24341281,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Aikachan233,"mmmm hawt anime boys ;) (rip everyone reading this, its not gonna be helpful to anyone XDDD)"
76561198153737477,Recommended,461700,24566606,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,LoveKielx,i love  this game
,Recommended,461700,23741146,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,KamiCube,"I DONT KNOW HOW TO NOT END BADLY!! Like I've Done Everything I Could But I Cant Get James or Matthew's Good Ending!! I've Only Played WIth Erik, James, And Matthew. But It's Like Impossible For Me To Get Their Good Endings!! I YouTube It To See If It's Possible But It's All Gameplays Of The Seduce Me 2 Demo..! I'm SO Sad.."
,Recommended,461700,29496550,Posted: 25 January,all,Shu Masamoto,"Hello everyone, Shu here with a review; well it's more like a bug report than a review. In Mathew's route I found that Diana says demon world instead of human world when you get to the point in the story where Mika is forcefully transported to the demon world. Now I'm not sure if this happens in the other routes, but it happened in Mathew's route while playing. Please fix this mishap. Thanks!p.s. Micheala keep rocking the world with your beautiful story telling. :) Also just curious what happened to Andrew's route in this sequel? Is it unlocked after completing everyone elses route? Also any plans on making this a cartoon/anime series?"
,Recommended,461700,25657923,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,First Person Suffering,"LISTEN.LISTEN.I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE.THIS GAME.AND THE FIRST ONE.I CAN'T STOP.I LOVE THE PEOPLE WHO CREATED THIS.THE BLOOPERS ACTUALLY HAD ME ♥♥♥♥ING DYING ON THE FLOOR IN NO PANTS.Seriously buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game.There's sexy men.But for real.Different personalities for each guy.A female option, ♥♥♥♥ YES EQUALITY <3and also, despite not liking the difference in art styles at first, I grew to seriously love it.This just further spurrs my dream to voice act for games like this. It's inspiring for me, an avid player of almost all visual novel genres, because I love to play through and get every single route if possible, and the decision making that changes the game turn out is ♥♥♥♥ing GLORIOUS.I wish I could personally thank the creator of this game for the joy it brought me to see such a new take on visual novels, at least from the many I've played.I hope SO HARD to see future projects done by them and all these fantastical people and to support as much as I can! Don't stop your creative and wonderful stories YOU BEAUTIFUL SOULS YOU.OR I'LL HAVE TO RAGE MODE EMO TUMBLR POST ABOUT IT...OR SOMETHING DRAMATIC."
76561198267487911,Recommended,461700,24632396,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Looty Tabooty,Dear God I never thought I'd spend more than a breath and a irritated glance towards this game but there. I did it. Do I get a break now?
,Recommended,461700,24619591,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Glass,"Its worth 10 dollars for seeing your beloved die because you didn't choose to kiss/cuddle around 6-8 times in each decision with your loved one. (I'm a guy and I came only for the story. I'm not into guys, I swear.)"
76561198272368848,Recommended,461700,25939682,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Midnight778,"This is a good game , but it has some glitches."
76561198147746863,Recommended,461700,24706302,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kewkie,"This game was absolutely amazing, just like the first game which got me into otomes in the first place. I have to recommend the set to anyone even slightly into these sort of games. I fell in love so many times, i hope to god there are more in the series or even more like this. Honestly check them both out, you will not be dissapointed for sure! :D"
,Recommended,461700,24912476,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ATWP™,"Great Art, Great Voice Acting, Great Story, Brings the feels1000000000000/10"
76561198282575369,Recommended,461700,23175554,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,blondy199,"Just a few bugs here and there (In James' route anyways), twice where the voice actor said the wrong line, but hey it was still done well!"
,Recommended,461700,24661232,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,PiqTale,terrible at reviewing but love this game
,Not Recommended,461700,24246548,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,ghosttii,Not as amazing as the first gameThe character artwork is differentMy true love does not look like himselfLet me just cry internally1/10
76561198051429527,Not Recommended,461700,25640610,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,BlackAutumn,I've played for almost 6 hours and only managed to get two endings...
76561198165934965,Recommended,461700,23174822,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Kira,"As one of the players who 100% the first game, i look forward to this one. Great series!"
76561198140306503,Not Recommended,461700,23402635,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ifearonlyhim,"I'm partway through my first route (James) and was really enjoying the game... until the angels showed up. That in itself wasn't too bad. Co-opting a little more religious imagery to flesh out the universe isn't a bad thing, especially since ""demons"" and ""angels"" have basically become part of pop culture. Obviously these beings are no more related to Christian angels than the demons are to Christian demons (that is, not at all). That was my thought process, anyway, as I continued to play the story.And then the use of cross symbols started.I'll just go ahead and say it. I found that offensive.Extremelyoffensive. After all the consideration shown about trigger warnings and consent, to then use a religion's most holy symbol in such terrible ways... I couldn't believe it. And I was very disappointed, since until now I've loved just about everything in Michaela Laws' various games. I understand there was no malice here, only ignorance, or, at worst, a vague contempt for anyone who ""takes these things seriously,"" but I still had to say something. I'm going to have a lot of trouble enjoying the rest of this game."
,Recommended,461700,30418423,Posted: 9 March,all,thearomalady,"A superior sequel to an already fun game. Unlike the past game, this one has a much longer, connected story and every story is very different despite following the same basic plotline. And this time, you have the opportunity to pursue a romantic plotline that has nothing to do with you or your chosen incubus- that is, a matchmaking plot of sorts. As of this writing, I have completed three of the plotlines- James, Sam, and Erik, and all three are quite different, despite the same skeleton being there. A vast improvement indeed over the last game, where only certain cutscenes changed, rather than the story as a whole.The art improved, and there's a lot more still art than before. Also, as a small note, the way the artist draws eyes is very pretty to look at, especially Sam's in the final still art for his plotline.Because of the fact that every story is unique, I found myself enjoying the game a lot more than the previous one (but I really liked the previous one- good and simple intro to the otome genre). This one was a bit more complicated and even had a few options where you were forced to choose between two things you might not want to do, which I consider actually a positive. I am sorely disappointed that I found the matchmaking subplot my first run through, because I now feel compelled to do it every time I play, which means watching the same cutscenes over and over (but that's my choice, not a real complaint). To be fair, this does always seem to alter the ending of the game a little bit to reference their romance, and thus, their romance plot always ends up a little different each time, but as I have never not pursued this subplot, I haven't seen the endings without it.One of my biggest complaints is the inclusion of wife characters for the brothers whose story you don't follow. It's not that I think they should have been unmarried, just that they completely lack purpose and anything they do could simply have been done by one of the brothers or Naomi and Suzu. They also lack presence, being barely around except in crowd scenes. I ask myself every time I start a new story why they're there, and I've yet to find my answer. The most any of them did was Carrie's purpose in James's storyline, but I feel what she did could have easily been done by either Damien or Erik, or by the player deciding to go out and getting hailed by a fortune teller. Their lack of purpose drives me absolutely nuts in the game, especially when everyone else has more story to them. I mean, granted, the inclusion of the brothers sans your incubus seems a little pointless, but there's at least a logical reason behind it. Not so much on the wives front, none of whom ever really get a proper introduction. Erik's story tries to justify their presence, but it feels less an explanation and more a handwave. I also think a problem I have is that they're wives, not fiancees or girlfriends, despite the fact that it's only been a 2-year gap (where the girls had not been in the prior game) and Matthew especially was against getting married originally. Seems odd, since it took the player so long to get married. Would have been interesting if Naomi or/and Suzu had married into the family, instead of making five new characters."
76561198189415155,Recommended,461700,25241904,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,finalcool720,a great sequel that is hard to stop playing and has great paths and all the choices are fun.plus all the characters are amazing.
,Recommended,461700,23462080,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,MightyMaite007,<333333333333333333333333333333333333
76561198085992589,Recommended,461700,23315094,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mama Agreste,"Oh boy. First things first, if you want a good voice-acted visual novel with awsome artwork, then THIS is the game. Seduce Me 2 is a direct sequel to the first game (which is free if y'all wanna take a look). In short, you play as a human girl that is about to be married to one of five incubi brothers (or a beautiful succubus princess ;D). Unfortunately, things don't go as planned and you get dragged into a Demon War that you maaaaay or may not have had a hand in...Story: Mmmm THIS is where games are a deal breaker for me, as I love reading and writing stories. SM2 is beautifully written and each path you choose is unique in its own way, which is a definite improvement from the first game. The choices your MC make are relatively open most of the time, and my favorite part about this is you don't HAVE to have sexy time with your demon to get a good ending. The SM team is very big on proper consent with your partner. You don't HAVE to sleep with someone just because they're a sex demon or etc. Not only that, but there are so many different endings you can get, to the point where sometimes it can get frustrating. For me, the hardest was Erik since I kept dying, haha. But it's really satisfying when you see every single secret and ending the game has to offer since you really have to work for your results.Characters: You definitely see the character development throughout the game, and it was even more apparent if you also played the first game. Like damn, that's my other weakness in stories (I'm so proud of my green sinnamon roll). I was also very surprised with how all the new characters interacted with each other. Usually you'll have minor characters that are there simply for decoration or for a bit of extra dialogue. In SM2, each side characters has a story of their own and further expands the world of the Abyssal Plains. You'll spend a long while revealing secrets, such as who Diana's guard is, or why Sergeant's horn is broken, etc.Sound/Music: YES! I loooove the music, so good job Christopher Escalante. Also to Jonah Scott too for sound design. It was a huge improvement from the first game and I found myself crying and laughing many times while playing. I'll admit that sometimes the music will suddenly shift in an awkward place, but it's not too distracting.Artwork: Not going to lie, when I first saw the changed art style, I had my reservations. BUT the more I played, the more it grew on me and I actually found myself loving it. The CGs are really well drawn/colored and the backgrounds are GORGEOUS. They really help paint the image of the Abyssal Plains while I play. The only complaint I have are some of the characters' arms are in awkward positions (especially noticeable when in demon form). Nothing huge and I can't fault the artist since it's better than having everyone in the exact same pose.Bugs/errors: As with all games, we'll have our share of bugs and errors. Luckily I haven't had anything game breaking happen to me so far, but occassionally you'll get a strangely placed character when skipping a few lines. Before the recent update, some lines weren't matching up with the vocals, or if youdid not poisonsomeone, the end dialogue says that you actually DID. I THINK these were fixed in the most recent update, but I haven't had time to test them all just yet. But anyway, the bugs aren't that gamechanging."
,Recommended,461700,23308568,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Alli,"This game was well worth the wait. Each route is awesome in its own way. I personally have no issues with the game. The universe the game is set in is intruiging, and I hope to see more games set in this universe."
,Recommended,461700,23334527,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,RadioStationCat,"This is an absolutely phenomenal sequel as well as a great stand alone game, given that we have a guide at the start of each route, willing to offer information about the first game AND each of the six love interests before we can even start the game.The plots are all fascinating, well-developed, and different. The boys\' routes have similar starting points but vastly different subplots that make each one interesting in their own right. Each character - the love interests and the new side characters - have wonderful development and are excellently voiced.It feels more like an experience and less like a dating sim - not that I dislike dating sims, clearly, but the environment here is epic and grand.The music is gorgeous, the art stunning, and the atmosphere all encompassing and engrossing.My one criticism would be that I really wish we knew more about the wives. For those who haven\'t played or gotten very far, each of the incubi that you AREN\'T playing the route for has a wife, who is brought along with them on the journey to the Demon World. Personally, I loved having more female characters in the game and I really enjoyed the way the wives were drawn and the scenes where all ten of them (the incubi, the wives, and the MC) were bantering together. But with the exception of Sam\'s wife, we don\'t get any backstory on them. We don\'t know how they met their chosen husbands, how much or how little they know about the demon world and how they know it. I would\'ve loved more on them but I do understand that it\'s the MC\'s story, after all.And what a story it is. I highly reccomended this game. It\'s well worth the cost."
76561198287381100,Recommended,461700,23275858,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Lilly_Beirsack,This game is amazing! It makes me happy and jump for joy but at the same time it makes me cry. But it is a great story and i truly love it.
,Recommended,461700,23293554,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Kiara Uzumaki,Best game of 2016!!!
,Recommended,461700,23296068,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Dezaru,"The long-awaited and anticipated sequel to Seduce me the Otome.This game is undoubtedly irresistable, or should I say enthralling..Everything from the amosphere to the Voice acting is breathtaking.It all ties nicely together and I can't imagine there to be a better way to depict feelingsand emotions in this engadging yet reminiscing story.You're in for a real treat, and a great recollection of memories that will be remebered for years to come.All seriousness aside.. Who else gets a little jealous when you complete a guy's route and start a new one only to see them with other wives? I'm sorry, I know that I'm on a different chapter in my life but that doesn't mean you pretend like I never existed.. Rude"
,Recommended,461700,23446860,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,EyesLikeStars,I have been a fan since SM1 and I LOVE this game.It's perfection.
76561198169723417,Recommended,461700,23376038,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Lilith.Flower,Trully i love this game its just out standing! i love the stories of all the incubi brothers and just oh gosh you know how to stab us in the right spot to give us the feels!! and i love it XD ! i love the art and all the characters in the game man i fell in love with all of them mostly Rabbit but the brothers will always be #1.But really though Thanks michaela for making SM and trully i recommend Seduce Me and Seduce Me 2 for everyone i know for sure it will NOT dissapoint you!
,Recommended,461700,23546160,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,MeliSpirit,"This game was so romantic make sure you play the first one, you be hanging on the edge of your seat as the story keep developing in each story."
76561198238676682,Recommended,461700,23226459,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Ryer,"I have been excitedly waiting for this game to be released for months and I must say that it did not disappoint. There was so much more detail and depth compared to the first game and the stories were unique to each individual character. The soundtrack is just so beautiful and enhances the experience immensely; Christopher Escalante did a truly wonderful job on it. I have played through all of the routes and, while I enjoyed some more than others, I thought that they were all exceptionally done.My favourite routes were definitely Erik's and Sam’s while my least favourite was Damien's. Damien's route was still well done, but personally I found his story to be a little too redundant. Additionally, I found Diana's route to be too short and thought her story should have been expanded and delved into a little more. I also really did not like the 'wives'. They had absolutely no significance to the story and were seemingly only there to spout a few throw away lines every now and then. I'm not against the other boys being married, but I feel a mention would have been sufficient.There were quite a few grammatical errors and a few instances where the spoken dialogue did not match with the written dialogue. It did not detract from my enjoyment of the game though so I was able to overlook them for the most part. What did bother me a bit were some of the endings. The dialogue for some of the endings are not accurate when it comes to the fate of certain characters. Hopefully this will be rectified in an update at some point in time.Overall, I would absolutely recommend this game. I really liked the first Seduce Me game but I would venture to say that I love Seduce Me 2. I am so pleased that it was able to live up to, if not exceed, my expectations."
,Recommended,461700,23228964,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Amanthis,"I can't rave enough about this game. The story line is amazing, multiple endings and intriguing side-stories. Wonderful endings, sad endings, and even a few heartbreaking endings. The artwork and voice acting make it even better. If you enjoyed the previous game, you will love this one."
,Recommended,461700,23350837,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,EeveeDream,"Holy cow, I played for nearly 10 hours. Well, I think it's safe for me to leave a review now.BUY. THIS. GAME.PLAY. THIS. GAME.Seriously, this completely surpassed all of my expectations and I'm so freaking happy I got it. This is my absolute favorite game and story hands down and I will forever buy and play Michaela's stuff in the future.And of course, let's not forget everyone else who worked so hard on making this beautiful creation become a reality!! THANK YOU from the bottom of my heart!I haven't been doing well this past month, despite others relying on me to be there for them. This game is an enormous pick-me-up and I can't praise it enough. Michaela's writing is mesmerizing and immerses your heart with so many emotions at once. The musical score is phenomenal and enhances every moment with well timed melodies and crescendos.  The sound effects are very well done and the voice acting is painfully genuine. It takes a lot to get me to write a review on a game, and honestly, Seduce Me 2: The Demon War deserves it!!! The hard work that went into this game is so obvious as each route is very different from each other, making playing through all of them an exciting roller coaster ride each time.Please support the creator and buy this game when you get the chance! You won't regret it!"
76561198072842626,Recommended,461700,23534721,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,princess_of_anime,I LOVE THESE GAMES
76561198281501833,Recommended,461700,23545238,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,abrewster232008,I love this Visual Novel/Game. My favorite three incubi boys are 3.Damian 2. Erik 1. James
76561198311152348,Recommended,461700,23996293,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,zsz19601023,"I really loved this game, I loved all the story in the routes of all the incubi brothers! it was honestly the best otome game i've played so far, I really wish there was more of this though! ;-;I want to stay with my love(s)! they are to much for me to be seperated with!I really do recommend this game! its fun, and lovngly to play.make more! I wish they could that is! TT v TT"
76561198148918797,Recommended,461700,25104306,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,maydaygal11,No way to describe how amazing this is!! I die everytime I play it! 100% recommend!!
76561198076885144,Recommended,461700,25582853,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,divine_dementia,"love the game, please make more. This game is AWESOME, love the charcters."
,Recommended,461700,25721757,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,PerishedSins,"Seduce Me 2: The Demon war is a great way to get that romance feel from anything. It's almost intoxicating even. The story line is solid and has plenty of unique choicies to keep the endings unique in their own way. The voice acting was spectacular and the way Micheala worded things in the ""lewd"" scenes (Sex scenes... NO, you don't get to see nothing other than bare skin! Perv...). It really added to the atmosphere, OH and the MUSIC! The music for the lewd scenes were so intoxicating. If Micheala was planning on getting the audience enthralled, mission achomplished.But now for some downsides.There aren't really that many actually. Besides the whole (SPOILERS AHEAD) a Demon World day is 5 hours in Human World time. But if the incubi were in the Human realm for 2 years and Diana had been waging war and such for 10 years in Demon World time, 5 hours Human World time doesn't make sense. Nevermind that actually, I did that math just now. It's a little over a year but then again, they said ""about 2 years"".Anyways, my ONLY problem with this game/visual novel was the art style. The first game was so good looking and much more detailed in character design. But this one, looks like it was a quick sketh and they said f**k it. Honestly, I wouldn't even care if they used the character designs from the last game. The art quality in that game was definetly worth $10, this one should have been the art style for a FREE game.Overall, the game was a blast to play. Though Erik's route is difficult for me.9.8/10 (-.2 for the art quality). Definitely worth at least trying the demo. :)"
76561198321913401,Recommended,461700,27394091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bifurious_Butterfly,"I absolutely LOVE this game and the first one as well. Michaela Laws and her amazing team have outdone themselves. These  games will always hold a very special place in my heart. Please, please, please support these wonderful people. There's romance, battles, magic, intrigue, plot twists and most of all memorable and lovable characters. I CANNOT recommend this game enough! Play it. You will not regret it. Just DO IT!!"
76561198065950568,Recommended,461700,25048944,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Zero Sukio,"I loved the first game, and I truly love this one. The voice acting was perfect and brought the character's to life ^_^. The music and setting was epic, when I finished the first one I wondered how it would play out and curious (Writer's Shoulder Devil xD) to see if it would bring the same impact as the first.As a Novice Story Writer, I loved the plot behind both games and the way with each character route you chose it still held that hard choice which makes you think or admittedly Selfish acts. The story is well written and the character's are too which i love, better than some books I have read.I will admit I am dude but I would play this game again and again, and inspired some ideas for my own stories.Thank you for blessing us with your work ^_^Zee"
76561198102226247,Recommended,461700,23301641,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,negi1274,I really love this game it an amazing story and continuous of the first story. The characters are amazing and well developed. And I believe it is good enough to be it own anime I really hope that it is possible to become one. I totally will recommend this game to other people.
76561198110565666,Recommended,461700,23365960,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,emoryanne605,Seduce Me is really refreshing for a otome game! I really enjoyed how the stories were different for each character yet overlapped so well as a whole. The endings were amazing (and some were super sad!) but that just drove me to play more to get the good endings! The art style and voice acting are great too! I highly recommend this game!
76561198227485912,Recommended,461700,24310124,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,ajkeeney3,"I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves the romance novals and beautiful music, this game is for you. I love the music and this game has been a great stress reliever from life. I also llove the different routes with the five brothers, I truely am enjoying this game and cannot wait to hear the bloopers!!"
76561198313236192,Recommended,461700,24362183,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,FoxGirl6677,Love this game 10/10
76561198068026905,Recommended,461700,24400326,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,alfinch1,"This is without a doubt, my favourite visual novel i have ever played =D"
,Recommended,461700,24659987,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,LyriumKnight,"HI! Ive played the first one and I seriously exploded when i found out there was a second game and bought it asap, I absolutely LOVE it, all the characters have me squeal and fanboy my freaking head off, You all( Everyone who was involved in this) Did great! Im keeping my eye on you all! Actually trying to get my boyfriend into this game (Spamming him with pics ...hehehe ) And someday I hope I manage to cosplay one if not all of the incubi brothers! Creator be with you Lethallan!"
,Recommended,461700,24150848,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Geekygamer12(Trin212),"Absolutely amazing, hilarious game!"
,Recommended,461700,23842289,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,wipe game proper,watch MDE PRESENTS WORLD PEACE on adult swim 12 pm est
76561198310682860,Recommended,461700,25352341,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,estmoa,"I love this , I really tried to make right choices. I always get the same bad ending D=. When did finally get a good ending it was so cute =D. I  recommend a lot =D"
,Recommended,461700,31296930,Posted: 22 April,all,shakiya2,"This is a great game to play that had multiple endings and a great story paths to follow. Although I may be a late reviewer for this game, I would like to compliment everyone for their awesome and great work in creating this project, especially Michaela Laws."
76561198310304899,Recommended,461700,29851586,Posted: 11 February,all,delilahallen06,ME  IS LIKED THIS GAME SO MUICH BOI ME GET A BOOTY
76561198030744783,Recommended,461700,28828912,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shiandara,"A story worth the praise of the universe, for sure. I don't often write game reviews, but credit where credit is due: the attention to detail in this game is massive. Eschewing the grinding that you run into in many Otome, both Seduce Me and Seduce Me 2 emphasize pure story. It's not an incredibly lengthy game (especially if you turn off sound and read like the wind), but so rewarding - each path is worth playing for the diversity of the primary plot, and there are diverse subplots with support characters also to be enjoyed.What you can expect: a visual novel with a number of turns and twists with better replay value through additional, very different storylines than I have ever encountered in the genre. Voice acting is quite compelling (I listened through a couple of storylines) and the soundtrack contributes substantially to the mood.If you haven't played the first game, you should, exploring at least each of the demon paths. Knowing the backstory will contribute a lot to your understanding the scenarios presented here.Adult content caution: Seduce Me 2 has a lot more sexuality than Seduce Me, but the jump is from PG or maybe PG-13 (in film levels) to a soft R. The real leap in terms of challenging content is implied violence. Parts of this story are very dark. But that's some of what made this game so compelling."
76561198349891522,Recommended,461700,28768952,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Miyu,"Okay, originally I wanted to write something down what came on my mind but I simply throw that away because it would sound like cheese...This entire game duo is awesome because the story is something new and I never played a game with this sort of demons before. Honestly, I really enjoyed ( I still do that) every second of this game. After the first game I just wanted to know how the story goes on because I felt that something had to come. So I searched through Steam and voilà - Seduce Me 2.I'm not through all routes yet but as far as I got I like the stories.I can feel that the team put a heck lot of effort into this game. The music is pretty unique and the effects seemed really realistic. Even the voice actors and actresses seemed to enjoy their work. (Yeah, guys. I listened to the bloopers and laughed with you. c:)Guys, simply grab that game and play it. You WON'T regret it (unless you don't like romance, demons or music at all...)Straight at Michaela Laws and her gorgeous team - Keep it up!"
76561198217033871,Recommended,461700,28207345,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,missellesmarie,"I thought this game was wonderful! There were some things I liked and disliked (from both games really.) I still cannot get over the Demon Lords voice cause I just don't think it fit him at all. I also believe that Diana should have had a longer story cause it took me like thirty minutes to complete hers but usually an hour to complete the boys. I loved the voice actor for Shadow! He reminded me exactly of Ryuzaki from Death Note! I did like the story line and the fact that it was different for each character, as in the first game there wasn't much diversity. Not gonna lie, it definitely made me cry sometimes and it made laugh. The part where Damien was drunk was my favorite. However, overall I loved this game and I wouldn't mind seeing some more. *wink* *wink*"
,Recommended,461700,28277770,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,tinalbion,"Everything about this game is fantastic. The music, the voice acting, the lore.I am a HUGE fan of Seduce Me <3 It has gotten better in this one, for sure."
76561198208776007,Recommended,461700,28727207,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JaysonSyn,"Screw my life this game has taken me over XD I always think ""Man I like this character more than any of the others"" And then I play through another route and I'm like ""Okay nevermind THIS is my favorite"" And it happens EVERY. TIME. I always think James is my least favorite and then I replay his route and I think &quot♥♥♥♥♥this kinky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ got me"" And yeah. I'd love to continue supporting any further games you may produce, Seduce me related or not. Of course, just like everyone else, I'd love to see another game made. An angel war, maybe? Pft, I just can't wait to see what you do next~!!!"
76561198262026560,Recommended,461700,31046059,Posted: 9 April,all,Crystal Phantom,I love Sam he is my favoriteplayed the game I give it 10 out of 10I hope here are more games like thisthis is so fun :)
,Recommended,461700,23874931,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,mazziemassacre1993,Definitely intense but I enjoyed playing this. I might get hate for this but I actually prefer the bad ending for Diana tbh muahahhaha!
76561198360989883,Recommended,461700,33844689,Posted: 27 July,all,nanakim0704,I love how it gives you a choice to even be with Diana I didn't like her and so I clicked on her for fun and know I feel deeply connected to her 👍🏻🙏🏼
76561198170611885,Recommended,461700,34777515,Posted: 6 September,all,ashleighwilkin00,awesome!
,Recommended,461700,35425896,Posted: 2 October,all,Chumpy,"As a big fan of the creator's work, I'm glad to say that the quality of this game is as good as the first Seduce Me game.The storyline is still as appealling as the initially. And you'll have the chance to see more of the couplelike life style of the characters.I liked it as much as the first one, all my expectation were successfully met. Great game."
