user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,461950,34047509,Posted: 5 August,all,Elle :D,"So I really enjoyed this game at first, I loved the humor and the interesting gameplay. Story began well, but quickly died off. The reason I'm not recommending this game, however, is due to the massive amount of bugs I encountered that makes the game downright frustrating. I'm supposed to call a DEA agent to discuss a matter of stolen jewels, but the game refuses to let me use the payphone as instructed. I was supposed to tow a car from in front a building, in order to continue on with the story, but there were no cars in sight, causing me to get a game over. This happened to me three times in a row. Tried to catch a criminal, reported it to HQ, but the second part of the mission never triggered, causing yet another game over. I've had more than six game overs due to bug glitches. This game had so much potential and I wanted to love this game, but unfortunately it feels largely unfinished and far too buggy to truly enjoy."
,Recommended,461950,30915080,Posted: 2 April,all,emeraldRogue,"To those complaining about the repetitiveness of the game: it's a point & click adventure game – repetition sort of comes with the package. To those complaining about the offensiveness of the game – it's a game set a little under 40 years ago. Sexism and racism existed in pop culture much more prominently during that time than today's media, and I feel it would have disingenuous to omit the ugly parts of the past.I'm currently halfway done with Beat Cop and couldn't be more satisfied with my purchase. The game is based around following either morals or what benefits your character best, as well as picking sides between the Italian mafia, a local gang, and the police force. Each day has a different plotline to it with specific tasks assigned to you (you can choose whether to complete these or not), which has you running up and down the street all day. You have to manage your time effectively if you want to get everything done. Often point and click games get boring when there's not enough to do, but I really enjoy the fact that you get to pick your own tasks to complete. Overall, a very entertaining game :)"
,Not Recommended,461950,32173273,Posted: 4 June,all,JazzyC,"An interesting game that lacks any finality or substance.While Beat Cop can have you running around like a loon trying to fulfill all the tasks that are asked of you on any given day, those situations are rare.  Which is surprising given how much the game tries to make out that every day is a struggle.  Out of the 21 days I only failed to do everything needed on 1 day.The overarching storyline is interesting yet culminates in a totally lacklustre way.  Not every day has a plot point in relation to the story, so I often wondered whether I was missing something.  Reality is, you make it to Day 21, you've completed the game in one form or another.  And another reality is none of the endings are a satisfying end for all the monotonous stuff you've had to do for hours on end."
76561197972798026,Recommended,461950,30840843,Posted: 30 March,all,Danoobiel,"You write parking tickets, rescue cats, take bribes, show a crazy russian policemen around New York, ♥♥♥♥ hookers, meet giant talking cockroaches, fight against the mafia and the gangs or work for them, all while trying to clear your name or ♥♥♥♥ off to Mexico spending the rest of your life drinking Tequila.What's not to love?"
76561198193062798,Recommended,461950,30851030,Posted: 31 March,all,Lex Talionis,"MINOR SPOILERS FOR GAMEPLAY AND STRUCTURE BE WARNED.......So, I just finished my first playthrough of Beat Cop. Now, I first heard of this game from an advertisement, and I immediately recognized a Papers Please lookalike from a mile away.Repetitive premise, with sprinkles of a greater story fed bit by bit throughout your day. It sounded amazing, and I'm happy to report that Beat Cop delivers a great experience if you enjoyed Papers Please at all.You work the simple yet easily overwhelming job of ticketing cars and arresting thieves, staying on the good side of the local crime gangs (lest you get shot up by stepping on the wrong toes), and completeing (optional) story objectives that'll lead you down interesting narrative paths.What was exhilirating about Beat Cop was the very loose nature of the tasks.Besides the daily occurances and a heavily scripted scene or two near the end, main story objectives are completely optional, and they are structured in a way that you'll be completing them at your expense of time, a resource which is not bountiful in the average day. I loved the vibe and era, they've nailed it perfectly; blasting music and pop references from the 80's are abundant, ancient hairstyles and clothing are worn with comical regularity, and the characters' casual racism and sexism are a shockingly refreshing addition.A warning: if you want constantly challenging and unique gameplay, this is the wrong game to be looking at. The beauty of Beat Cop is that it lulls you into a repetitive drilling of the same actions every day of the game (albeit with interesting twists-a major drug bust, a diplomatic visit etc.) and then blindsides you with a major event.Morality is prevalent, not as a game mechanic but as an actually evoked emotion. The people you ticket and tow constantly get into arguments with you, trying to bribe or plead their way out of the situation. Gangs conflict with one another, and you can try to take sides to garner respect and some cash on the side, or enforce the law at your own risk. Beat Cop is a shining example of the correct application of moral decisions into gameplay in a casual yet effective manner. The game has many endings, and lots (I mean LOTS) of dialogue that is brooding, sombre, and intensely comedic all at the same time.TL;DR : A great Papers Please-styled 80s cop simulator, brimming with character and replayability. Sometimes spotty story with minor graphical bugs and typos, but a strong conclusion and great moments. Would highly recommend at $14.99, one of the better under-$20 games I've seen in a long time.sorry for this rambling pos review, I'm not too great with this type of thing."
,Not Recommended,461950,31003629,Posted: 7 April,all,Rog Fulace,"I was excited at the prospect of this game due to my interest in police games; I've enjoyed point and click adventures like Police Quest, experienced the action of the SWAT series, loved the atmosphere and story of This is The Police, messed around in the ill-conceived Enforcer: Police Crime Action, and played police mods made for games like the GTA series. I was excited for this game in the beginning, but my excitement slowly waned with each passing day in the game.Just as a sidenote: I did complete the game and got the ""bad ending,"" which is received from not completing the main story in the time limit of 21 days. I didn't get any of the mafia/crew endings, either.The story is a simple one: You're a detective on the police force who ended up responding to a robbery at a senator's house, killed a robber in response, and let another one get away with diamonds and another item from the senator's safe. Suspecting you stole the items, you're knocked down to beat cop and relegated to ticketing cars while trying to clear your name. You juggle story actions while trying to keep your department, the mafia, and gangs happy. There's 80s tropes and general humor in the game but it's not enough to be overbearing, but not really enough to make you laugh out loud. It's a lot more focused on going, ""Hey, remember this thing from the 80s? It happened!""The pixel art in this game is very pleasant, giving a nice feeling of a block from 1980s New York. Each storefront is vibrantly colored, each alley looks hostile, and the streets feel alive with people constantly shuffling around, Cars constantly come and go, with most of them being different colors and models to allow for variety. It's not the best I've seen, but it's certainly far from the worst and gets the job done in detailing its environment.My biggest issue with this game lies in its gameplay. The gameplay is point and click, so it's completely playable with one hand. The gameplay revolves around your police work by doing what your superior tells you to do; mostly ticketing vehicles for faulty tires, lights, or parking violations and meeting your quota.You may have some days where you have to juggle tickets by tailing and reporting wanted suspects, arresting robbers, arresting wall taggers, and following the main storyline of the game. However, this can get repetitive very quickly; I couldn't play this game in long periods because it would get monotonous very quickly. They pad out 21 days of gameplay (maybe less depending on your actions), with some days where very easy tasks or simply nothing happens besides ticketing. Each day lasts from 9 AM to 5:50 PM, which is about 7-10 minutes in real life time, give or take. If you fail a major mission in any day, you'll be forced to replay the day from the start.On top of this, I experienced some ridiculous moments in the game where you're ordered to stay in a spot, but maybe walking SLIGHTLY away from the location to ticket a car causes you to fail, another instance where I finished a task just before my shift ended but the radio call didn't trigger in time thus causing me to fail, another glitch that caused the game to freeze my character inside a store which made me restart the game entirely, and various other walking quirks or quirks dealing with ticketing.However, my biggest complaint with this game regarding its gameplay comes from a single puzzle dealing with the story which COULD be easily patched, but still irked me enough to make me stop playing the game.There's a story mission that occurs in which you're trying to find a certain item that was stolen from the Senator's house and you have to find a man named Terrance. You're asked to call a man named Yablonsky on Day 16-17 and receive information from him about Terrance. After delivering a package from one store to another which is only 2-3 seconds near each other, they tell you how to find Terrance in a cryptic message: You have to find a specific apartment number that is located on your beat (which covers addresses 601-633,) is related to the number 23 and 27, and is a prime number. The answer ends up being Apartment block 621, and room SIX. The issue here is that SIX IS NOT A PRIME NUMBER, so the game ends up leaving you confused to the point where you're mashing all 10 buttons in each apartment to find Terrance, and you end up finding him through dumb luck and brute forcing.There's plenty of instances in this game where the dialogue contradicts itself along with general grammartical errors, but this is a huge glaring issue when one of the major story missions lies to you. I didn't bother going on with the story after that point because I had already completed the game once and was not interested in grinding out 6-7 more days just to get another ending.My final issue is the ending I received, which was the bad ending for not completing the story missions due to this massive mistake.The game ends at the end of your Day 21 beat, and if you do not finish the story missions in time, at the end of your daily checklist you merely get some text that says you didn't complete your case and you're stuck as a beat cop forever. The game then goes to a city skyline that just says ""THE END"" and cuts to a small newspaper clipping that describes your death while on the beat. The clipping says you die from being SHOT, but then in the same paragraph ends with saying you were STABBED IN THE THROAT while apprehending a suspect and died from bleeding out. You don't get any cinematic or any cutscene for at least playing through the game; just an inconsistent wall of text and ""THE END"" - granted, this is the bad ending so there's not much to be expected, but I definitely expected more.While the game isn't the worst I've played, I do feel like my time was a bit wasted and left a sour taste in my mouth due to inconsistent dialogue and glitches forcing me to restart the entire day. I certainly don't think it's worth full price and may be interesting to play at the $5 price range or lower."
76561197970680531,Recommended,461950,33363460,Posted: 7 July,all,Krassimir,"To all of you wondering if Beat Cop is worth buying, my answer is this: If you love 'Point Click' adventure games, if you're interested in a great narrative, vintage graphics, amazing oldern midi sound and feel, if love the 80's and a lot of ending choices in games, then Beat Cop is definitely for you.This game reminds me of so many good creations that pop in and out throughout the years, yet another one that I really enjoyed was 'Papers Please'. I understand most gamers these days like fancy graphics and don’t have the patience for games like this, but if you’re an older gamer like myself, and are sick of the same generic monotonous titles, then give this a go, you won’t regret it."
76561198068398108,Recommended,461950,30848574,Posted: 31 March,all,Lixes,"Feels like: Papers Please, looks like punch club with less feel as pacing is quite different. Also if you dislike reading not4u.Plays like: A time management punishing those who want to take it slow, with fetch quests with opportunity cost where you need to balance 3 factions.Happy to pay: $15 feeling well satisfied with the fun I get in return.Tips For a Playthough:Tire tracks behind a car normally mean damaged tires, meters change to red if you look closer enough saving more time also aim for first few missions to give out 2x the number of tickets asked (gives bouns income)Thanks for reading please give a like or funny if this helped and have had internet issues play time really in the 15 - 20 hour range :D"
,Recommended,461950,31344676,Posted: 24 April,all,GasMask,"Ok, for today's recipe we'll need:-One cup of GTA2,-One tablespoon of L.A. Noire,-A bit of Godfather flavour.-And a bottle of 80's nostalgia. Vintage selection.Mix all with point and click mechanics and render it in any computer spec and serve it.Here you go. You have your Beat cop."
76561197981630136,Recommended,461950,30884515,Posted: 1 April,all,Sodium Chloridah,"This game has a lot of heart, not sure of another way to say it really.Very immesersive, I always feel immesersed in the game when playing. Not a lot of busy work. A lot of narrative, character and interesting writing.Great design, fantastically executed. It is really unusual to come across something this unique. And a great price point at 18 CDN or around there.Do not wait for a sale for this one.5 out of 5, thumbs up, whatever, strong recommendation, this is a classic, top release of 2017 for indie games IMHO."
,Not Recommended,461950,34810709,Posted: 8 September,all,Varza,"In the end, my decisions felt shallow.The atmosphere is great - I was engrossed immediately. Most of the day to day missions seemed to strike a great balance between mundane tasks, time pressure and interesting curiosities.The problem is I was expecting some sort of challenge where my actions would have consequences.  I'll try to explain while remaining vague enough as to not spoil the game.On my playthrough, I took a role-playing perspective and decided I was going to follow a certain path of action.  This made making all of my decisions in game a lot easier because I basically made my mind up on what sort of cop I wanted to be, and then stuck to it.The thing is - just when I was expecting something to happen - the game ended.  I hit a wall.  All the decisions I had made had simply just 'maxed out' my character towards one of the many dead ends in this game.I was expecting complications and challenges.  I was expecting some sort of repurcussion to my decisions.  The repurcussion simply ended up being that my game ended.What does that leave me with?  Am I supposed to just grind through every obvious pattern of behaviors to get different predictable endings?I guess if you approach this game as a 'choose your adventure' book rather than any sort of roleplaying game, it may be fun.For me, it was a massive disappointment.Spoiler explanation:I simply sided with the Mafia at every available opportunity.  By just completing my regular missions I seemed to avoid any negative consequences for doing this.  I was expecting something interesting to happen - would the police start investigating me?  Would the rival gang retaliate?  Would the mafia try to betray me? No, instead the game just abruptly ends, I couldn't help but feel I had just wasted 4 hours of my life."
76561197987968454,Not Recommended,461950,31406622,Posted: 27 April,all,Hank Hill,"It is similar to Papers, Please in the sense that it is a time-management game, but it lacks the story and depth of Papers, Please. Beat Cop feels unfinished, like they started with a premise and didn't know how to wrap it up. Even the later portions of the game are incomplete or even broken. For example, you may be given a task at 3 PM, but your notepad says it is at 4 PM, then at 2 PM you get an alert that says you failed to arrive on time.I felt that the relationship system had no effect on the story or gameplay. In the end you are given some very basic choices and only get a single picture for an ending."
76561197994486693,Recommended,461950,32719475,Posted: 24 June,all,ADF-Snake,"This game is really fun. Definitely enjoying the soundtrack and a lot of the images. Loads of 80's nostalgia and feels like you're living in an 80's Cop show. Witty banter and a department that constantly♥♥♥♥♥♥on you for being ""the new guy""It's similar to L.A. Noire but more cheesy in a good way. If you like the 80's, TV Cop dramas and humour, you'll like this game."
,Recommended,461950,30850317,Posted: 31 March,all,Skyum,"Police Quest meets Papers Please. I'm only half-way through the game, but I'm thoroughly enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,461950,34085505,Posted: 7 August,all,Krinberry,"Beat Cop could be fun, but it's got an unchangeable timer mechanic in it. For me, this meant that instead of relaxing and enjoying the game, I was constantly watching the clock to make sure I wasn't running out of time. The game developer has said this is intentional and is meant to make the days feel 'hectic', which they certainly do. Unfortunately, that feeling isn't helping me enjoy the game even a little bit. All the random dialog on the streets, all the potentially interesting AI movements, etc are completely lost as I dash from one area to the next as fast as possible to avoid losing any more time than needed.If you like games that push you to work inside very tight time constraints with no options to slow down the time passage, where the game is intentionally designed to not let you actually accomplish all your goals, this game may be for you. For me though, it's just not fun, and until they've corrected this with a way to alter time passage to something that actually feels comfortable, it's not a game I will be recommending to anyone."
,Recommended,461950,33106576,Posted: 1 July,all,Maywtf,"Interesting concept. Beat Cop is actually a time-management game that tells a story. You get to choose how the story proceeds. I saw the game being played by someone else and thought I should give it a shot. I would recommend the game to a friend, but it had its terrible moments throughout the 10 hours I spent on it.PROS+ actually pretty funny+ interesting, likeable characters+ freedom of choice in various situations+ a wide spectrum of activities+ multiple endingsCONS- occasional bugs (had to restart some of the days)- sometimes events occur while you're stuck talking with somebody and you just fail- tickets and interventions are repetetive"
,Recommended,461950,30907130,Posted: 2 April,all,Louis,"I was looking for a game for under 15 quid that I could really get into. I found it.Beat Cop is an 80s-style pixel game set in Brooklyn. You play as Officer Jack Kelly, who got tied up in the robbery of a Senator's prized jewellery collection. You're probably already thinking ""Cliche!"", but I can assure you that it is far from it.Your job is to chase robbers, write tickets and help the public, all while trying to keep the department happy and the gangs from killing you.In each of the 21 in game days there is something new and unique, be it meeting *interesting* characters, shooting crooks or trying to hide the fact that there's a porn shoot going on in your friendly neighbourhood auto shop. You'll meet shady Italian mobsters, no-good 'darkies', Nazis and Jews on the same street! It's a hotbed of activity, and the game really puts that into full practice.It's riddled with borderline-racist stereotypes, movie quotes that give you that 'I see what you did there' face and perfectly-timed swears/insults that make you jump with laughter.But it's not all jokes. You get to know all of the characters as if they are those college friends you forgot, all the while doing a wholesome and satisfying job of keeping your beat-route safe. (See what I did there? Oh well...) You'll come across moments when the game truly intesifies, and makes you think solely about the task at hand.In some cases you'll have to negotiate with people, and one slight mistake will cause a terrible (And equally hilarious) consequence.When the game starts to get a little repetitive, you'll be whisked into a bomb threat, robbery or shooting to spice up your daily schedule.RATINGS:Fun: 8/10Addictiveness: 9/10Excitement: 7/10Comedy: 10/10Gameplay: 8/10Storyline: 7.5/10Characters: 10/10OVERALL: 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,461950,33890810,Posted: 29 July,all,Ray,- After few days issuing tickets is boring- Overall shallow gameplay- People on street have only few lines of dialogue when they try to negotiate fine- Short soundtrack- Unsatisfactory and short ending explanation
76561198371241422,Recommended,461950,33807513,Posted: 26 July,all,BatDude,"I really enjoyed the game.I always enjoy pixelated games that are made in recent years.But this one is specialThe story is amazing (i dont want to spoil anything) The gameplay is awesome and that everyday it's different.I like how you can interact with people or workers on that street it may begin a new story.The storyies are good you have multiple chores to do through the day and you can do it or not,however you preffer BUT if you don't do the chore you decided not to do there will be consequences it will lower your relationship with the certain group that gave you the chore.There are 4 groups the mafia,the people,the gang and of course the police.You can side with either of them but not with all,it's impossible.tThe plot holes are awesome the ending........you would never expect that like really that was UNEXPECTED.Overall great game,maybe the best pixelated game of the curent years (either party hard or this)"
,Not Recommended,461950,34071498,Posted: 6 August,all,Neon InCole Anderson,"Can't recommend this game, it looked a lot more fun in the trailers. After an hour of playing I was bored out of my mind, I thought content would pick up but the game tries to become interesting by having time limits and give you the sense that there is too much to do in the limited time you have.Also a bit annoyed with some mechanics are not explained very well and within that hour of playing I felt like I missed out on some fun content because I couldn't understand what was expected of me to do to reach that content.They have overcomplicated very simple and repetitive tasks and it just ruins the experience for me.Luckily as I've only played an hour I was able to request a refund and will hopefully receive it as well."
76561197969417125,Recommended,461950,34316869,Posted: 17 August,all,G00N3R,"In Beat Cop, the player is a 1980s New York police detective, framed for a crime you didn't commit, and demoted to uniformed street cop while Internal Affairs investigates. The whole game takes place on the same street, which you move along in 2d side scrolling fashion, using a point and click interface.Over the course of 21 days, your basic task involves issuing tickets to vehicles that are illegally parked, or have broken tires and tail lights. Each day you have to reach a specified quota to please your bosses. You'll also need to respond to calls that come in over your radio, for example when someone is stealing from a shop, you have to chase after the suspect and arrest them. Meanwhile, at opposite ends of the street, you’ll find the Italian mafia, and a rival gang called the Crew. Both factions, as well as shop owners and ordinary citizens, will ask for favours.The game is intentionally designed to make it almost impossible to do everything each day, because you have limited time until the end of your shift, so you need to prioritise what you think is most important. You also need to consider your reputation with the Police, Mafia and Crew, because most quests will increase one and decrease the other. If your Police rep gets too low you could get fired, but if your Mafia/Crew rep gets too low, they might try to kill you.The other interesting point about this reputation system is that I didn’t encounter many game over situations – failing most quests simply reduces your reputation, which could make your job harder in future, but you’ve still got a chance to recover from your mistake. This feels more natural to me than “you failed, go back to the checkpoint and do it again perfectly”.A further complication is the need to save money, to make regular payments to your ex-wife. You earn a daily wage for completing Police duties, but you can also take bribes from the Mafia and Crew for completing their tasks, or from civilians in exchange for not issuing them parking tickets. Its up to you to decide if you want to uphold the law, or give in to corruption.The dialogue is amusing, particularly the conversations between the cops in the daily briefings, but also contains quite a lot of bad language, so just be aware that Beat Cop might not be suitable for a younger gamer. The music is a good fit for the 80’s theme.It took me 11 hours to finish the game, and I saw two of the multiple endings along the way, one good, one bad. I didn’t encounter any bugs or crashes. The graphical style is pixel art, so framerate isn’t a concern. The only minor complaints that I have about the game are that the mechanic for searching cars for evidence is possibly the worst minigame ever invented (its a frustrating combination of inventory tetris and sliding block puzzles) and the dialogue for civilians offering you bribes quickly becomes repetitive.Overall Beat Cop is a really fun game, worth checking out if you want a different kind of experience. There are many gameplay similarities to Papers, Please, so if you enjoyed that game, Beat Cop is an essential purchase. You’ll get value for money at full price."
76561198031521418,Recommended,461950,33579403,Posted: 16 July,all,thewoofs,"I had a great time with Beat Cop and would recommend it.The game is an over the top simulation game of a 1980's beat cop who is fighting to clear his name. It's fun, it's humorous, it's totally 80's, and at times is absurd... but it just works. I would always look forward to booting this up over the week or two I played it. The banter and the characters are great, it really does feel like an old 80's tv show at times. The art style, sound/music are stellar as well.It's certainly not perfect- it has a few bugs and a fair share of grammar/typo issues which can cause a bit of frustration, but overall it's nothing that breaks you out of the atmosphere and story.There are multiple endings depending on how you play out the game which is always fun, and along with the achievements create some nice replayability.Is $15 a little steep? Maybe. If you are someone who wants to see each of the endings there is plenty of hours to sink in to make that worthwhile. Overall though it's a fun little game for folks who are looking to add a big of management sim action to an adventure game."
76561198081450332,Recommended,461950,34754778,Posted: 5 September,all,Iso Koala,"An original indie game with time management concept similar to Papers Please.Day after a day you are going to the same few blocks of a street as a simple beat cop, and you have to focus on different goals at the same time; quite limited time, which you have to plan how to use the best. The daily routines are split into 3 categories:1)the mundane checking of parking, lights, tires, and catching punks robbing stores  (gets boring after a while, but is easy)2)helping the people of the city with their submissions (which usually are pretty intresting and clever!)3)working on your long term goal to finish the game.  (crucial for the story)You dont always have time to do everything every day, so you have to decide whether you are focusing on 1) 2) or 3) (usually 3 for obvious reasons).Pixel graphics are very rich, the world comes to live in retro style, with large ammount of animated sprites.And as you can hear from the trailer, the music is spot-on as well.Writing is solid; you get to know the characters even if their faces are just a few pixels. There is something new for each and every day, so even if the location of the game stays same for the duration of 21 days (each lasts like 15 minutes of irl gametime), you wont get bored. Only lackluster is the very end of the game; the climax is too fast, and ending is way too short. Shame that the ending couldnt be a bit longer and rewarding than it is...Still, the road to the end matters more than just the end, and its easy to recommend this game for anyone who likes indie games with original game concept. You need to have some stress tolerance though, as the ticking clock keeps you busy all the time, even though the game itself is not hard by any means."
76561198072080594,Recommended,461950,30863103,Posted: 31 March,all,♛CoffeeManiac!,"What can i say about this is it's just amazing and all the genre is on spot. Also it is in retro style which makes you feel you're are a still a kid and you are back at 90's. Great job game creators, you got my thanks and support.I highly recommend to people who like just mouse clicking games and it's a game to just chill out after job or just hard day and it has a good story mode game.  I personally recommend to buy this game because it is all woth it, trust me (i dont lie).I'll rate this game 10/10 because it is just nostalgic and true 80's cop story mode game.  Also this makes a better game if you're interested in public services.Possitive points:-Does not require galactic PC-Good story mode-Price is quite cheap, affordable-You feel in 80's-90's-You choose Good cop/Bad cop- fourth day No BUGS so far."
,Recommended,461950,30967678,Posted: 5 April,all,W.A. the Anum,"More a simulator game then a ""Point n Click Adventure""...but man its still good!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=897958668I duno why i actually bought that game. I thought the videos looked funny, the pictures also shown a good old-school look i actually like...but im not really a guy who ""loves"" point´n click adventures if im really honest about. Maybe it was the fact the game is a homage for all the old 80s cop-shows and detective stuff in the TV? I guess so coz i liked those.The day(s) on the street as beat copThe game begins ""simple"", explaining ""what"" your, more or less, ""all-days-duty"" is which is mostly writting a amout of tickets for either damaged lights, wheels or wrong parking. Later in the game, some side dutys will also be added like walking 2 times a day a patrol or looking for cars from criminals.Is that hard? Nah, not really....Well, at least if youre going to do thatONLY.The main part is all the stuff which actually happens around you next to your dutys you have to do on the day - and when i say day i mean ""timelimit"".You have 10 minutes time for a day(10 Minutes Reallife time!)and finishing all the dutys youhave todo over the day - which are the tickets and the other stuff i said. Next to this, other (saying that without spoiler what actually will happen...) stuff happens which changes the gameplay and story. you actually ""can"" ignor them but if you do, some people or ""fractions"" will not like you at all or you will not have the money you might need. Said fractions are at least 4:- The Police you are working with. I mean, youre now a beat cop and if you are hated there you sure have a bad job, dont you think?- The Mafia which, as we all know, ""has conections""...and im sure we dont wanna end up, kissing the fishes...- The ""Gang"" which are (dont get me wrong here, its coz the game says so!) the black people which are mosty thieves and drug-dealers. So a bunch of criminals which also has conections at the neighborhood. So yea...i guess if youre bad with them, they are also...well, ""bad with you""~- The citizens you actually should help. I mean hey, they trust you, youre the beat cop and should help them, protect them and what not. Im sure if they dont like you, they will throw one or two...""rotten eggs"" at you, if you know what i mean...That said, its hard to do all at ones which will also be explained at the beginning. You have very limited time and you cant help everyone - you can actually try. If you really do try so, youre mostly good with the citizens and the police since you do ""your job"" but im sure the mafia would like to give you a pizza with ""special ingredients"" if you dont help them or the gang serves you a coffee with ""special sugar"" inside.Knowing that let the game feel pretty open. Will you help the mafia or the gang? Will you hunt the thieves or not? Its up to you to decide whats ""wrong or right"".Dayum son, im hungryWorking also makes hungry, so in beat cop too. If you run around the street, doing your job, you actually have to keep yourself ""alive"" - or in other words ""staying fit"". From time to time, you drain from your ""Stamina"". The best way to stay fit (and more important, ""able to run""...) is actually to eat some stuff. At your street, it actually gives some diners and shops where youre able to get some stamina back with food like Hotdogs, Pizza, Lunch and, of course, some doughnuts. So if youre running low at your stamina or youre not more able to run longer distances, you should work on it, eating something. you should keep your stamina at aneutrallevel at least coz you are sure running around a lot....and youre the cop who is hunting down thieves in this game, remember that~More a Simulator?As i already explained maybe (at least somehow), the game is more about time management than a real point n click adventure. Its not bad but its not a typical adventure where you have to collect stuff for riddles or like. sure you collect sometimes stuff for the storyline or like but its not that heavy like inrealadventures. The game is more like strolling around the street, doing funny ""missions"" and dutys in the timelimit in a funny way - and oh boy, the humor is really black in this one (which i like at least).So is it worth playing?It sure is.Its not really a ""typical"" point n click adventure, more like a funny storyline focused simulator based on time management at its finest and great humor ala the 80s. D-jokes and like you know? The Retro style fits very well and the characters and people, they all have a great and own personality. It sure is worth playing and people who enjoy some jokes ala ""police academy"" and the 80s will enjoy the game for sure. The time management part is not like a its rushing ""to hard"" (still, its a limit you feel), there will be still time for a doughnut at the end of the day for sure. Worth playing and its price."
76561198033980198,Recommended,461950,30924908,Posted: 3 April,all,Pep Pep,"Beat Cop incorporates many of the best elements of ""Papers Please.""It also has many of its own unique concepts, all of which are clever and enjoyable.It's a bit like a ""point and click adventure"" game, but you stick to the same map throughout the entirety of the game and the environment changes.  Don't let ""point and click adventure"" scare you off.  I'm typically not a fan of the ""casual,"" ""story,"" ""atmospheric,"" or ""point and click"" genres, but this one gets everything 100% right.Beat Cop also gives you the nostalgia of playing a late-80's/early-90's PC game without being overly complicated.10/10, no joke."
76561197984184244,Recommended,461950,30953971,Posted: 4 April,all,[SEÑOR] RAM ROD,"Enjoyable game. I think there will be lots of replay value based on the decisions you can make and how they may change outcomes. I think its worth a buy at 15$. Tickets, hookers, chasing perps, managing relationships with local crime groups solid 8.5/10. minor point deductions for feeling repetitive from time to time."
,Recommended,461950,32899382,Posted: 27 June,all,Piper9080,An interesting POV of a life of an accused cop with simple yet challenging gameplay and mechanics.
,Not Recommended,461950,31376652,Posted: 26 April,all,Atchtck,"A lot of reviews compare this to Papers, Please and This War of Mine.  The comparisons are fair, but ther are some notable differences with Beat Cop.  Let me preface this by saying that I was not afan of Papers, Please, but I loved This War of Mine.  Beat Cop gives you freedom to explore your beat and choose your path, with lots of really interesting sub-plots and fun dialogue.  You can meet your goals with relative ease and the game sets a good challenege to try to do all that you want to do.  In those regards, Beat Cop is good, but all in all I foudn it lacking a couple important touches.First, the game only saves at the beginning of each day.  As some repuation-dependent actions can take a day or two to accumulate, this means that a mistake might make you go back a day or two to correct.  As each day takes 10-15 mintues to paly, this means that you repeat a lot of stuff unneccarily.  Being able to save during the day would be a great boon.Also, time is precious here and some events take too long to make them enjoyable.  For example, having a cop pick up someone you've arrested takes way too long and freezes the game with decent regulatiry (which means you need to spend another 20 mintues playing the game).All in all, the game is okay, but I think that there are enoguh other good games out there that warrant playtime over this.  The time I spent playing was decent, but ultimately not engaging enough to bring me back once the novelty wore off."
,Not Recommended,461950,33098300,Posted: 1 July,all,Coja,"I wish I could post a neutral review because I don't dislike this game. It's pretty fun but I can't say that I recommend it to someone else. I thought I would really enjoy the concept of being a beat cop but this game seems to rush too fast. I constantly felt like I needed to rush through everything because the days are pretty short. There are some parts of a day where you're stuck standing there for minutes of ingame time while some action completes. I would want to do something, but felt I needed to do some story related thing instead. Then once I did the story bit, there was no time left in the day to do anything else. If there were more time in each day, I might like it more. Maybe the point of the game is to decide if you'll paly along as a beat cop or try to solve the reason why you were sent to be a beat cop. In any case, this game isn't for me at this price point.. Maybe I'll check it out again if it gets cheaper."
,Not Recommended,461950,31162055,Posted: 15 April,all,Offriender,"I think this is a great game but there are too many bugs that break it. I could see myself highly recommending this after a patch or two, but as it is, the player has to be very patient and willing to restart a day over a random bug in order to make the progress they feel they've earned, and that's not a good kind of frustration for a game to bring.There are other games that flow in a similar vein to this but I feel like I don't have a word for them. It's kind of like Papers, Please or This War of Mine in that the gameplay consists of frantically completing day-to-day tasks and dealing with unforseen disruptions, but there's an overarching goal throughout it all. I wouldn't compare it to a casual game like Diner Dash because it's about surviving, not growing your empire. As a beat cop on this busy New York street, you have to clear your name of a theft you were framed for, while handling quotas and calls from your precinct, and trying not to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the local gangs too much.Unlike the other games I compared it to, this one has more of a humorous bent, and its aesthetic was clearly inspired by the 80's, in the same way Hotline Miami was. The pixel art works really well with its tiny details to give it a really nice retro feel.There's a lot to do every day and it may not be possible to do it all-- especially when you have to respond to a robbery on the opposite end of the street. That said, sometimes you'll feel cheated by the bugs when you do every step of an objective perfectly and the game says you missed it, or when you show up for a meeting at 4:00 but the game already made it happen at 3:00. These things made me wish I had waited a month or two, or however long a patch takes, to get this game."
76561197986704492,Recommended,461950,31152684,Posted: 15 April,all,SiX,"Fantastic game, got to love the graphics. Offers a lot of choice in which direction you want to develop your character. Conversations are original and creative, styling gives true ""80s feeling, lot of references to movies. Absolutely worth the money!Only downside is that it doesn't sync progress between systems (at least between MacOS and Windows)"
,Recommended,461950,34882651,Posted: 11 September,all,Omen UK,"Beat Cop Simulator is a side-scrolling, pixel art retro-inspired adventure game created by Pixel Crow and published for 11 Bit Studios.As Officer (formerly Detective) Jack Kelly your job is to patrol your beat, a mix a few genuine law abiding citizens along with  stereo-typical Italian/Sicillian Mafia types, street wise and ultra dangerous African-American street gangs as well as petty criminals and opportunists. At the start of each day you are given your orders for the day, usually visiting certain characters of following up on crimes, as well a a regular number of tickets to issue for parking violations whether it's for being legally parked, having flat/bald tyres etc.The underlying story is Kelly's attempt to make enough money not only to pay his ex-wife and debts but also to try to clear his name over a case of missing jewellery which has been stolen with him as the prime suspect despite the fact there is seemingly little evidence to prove the case which is why Kelly is busted down the ranks to rookie street cop.The game itself is really nice looking for the style, it is after all a retro pixel style scrolling reminiscent of something from the earlier days of gaming so you shouldn't really expect 4k graphics and fast paced action filled cut scenes with guns, explosions and car chases, the game does what it is meant to do and that is it looks like an 80's/90's style video game and sticks to that ethic while giving it the polish of a modern game.The streets seem active and though interaction with the people on the street is limited there are a few side-missions you can do usually if the scheduled police work has already been completed.  Unfortunately the game is let down a little by it's story and sometimes it feels more of an afterthought to the game-play and looks of Beat Cop Simulator although in fairness taking that 70's look it is in that respect very retro too in many ways for not over-burdening it with story.I did have one issue with the controls which I found to be a little awkward at times, being more used to using a controller wasn't really an issue as the controls are easy enough to pick up however their functionality isn't all that great and it is hit and miss sometimes when you are in pursuit trying to make an arrest having to move the character forward while trying to click on the handcuff to make the arrest, surely there was a better way of incorporating mouse and keyboard commands to make movement and general controls better.  Also the system for time and your shift on patrol feels a little off, it just feels like it hinders more than helps the game and while the slowing down of time when you speak to NPC's is a nice touch it still feels a little out of place for this sort of game I guess.As of this review I have played a couple of hours of Beat Cop Simulator and really enjoyed it, it is something I can go back to for a break from the maybe more popular and bigger budgeted games I play but I do find Beat Cop Simulator is fun even though there are some issues with it.  Overall I would recommend Beat Cop Simulator, for all the problems it may have none really detract from what a fun game it actually is and it is a nice break from some of the more modern games.7.5/10Jim @ Omen GamingLINKS:Steam:https://steamcommunity.com/id/OmenUK/Stream Notifications Group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/OGLSNTwitch:https://www.twitch.tv/omengamingukTwitter:https://twitter.com/Omen_UK1972Vid.me:https://vid.me/omengamingYouTube:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmpOV63XfXolrJibXpLI6wg"
76561197984303394,Recommended,461950,31968740,Posted: 26 May,all,haddoc,Simple time managment game. Balance your daily tasks against clearing your name or extra tasks given by the locals/mafia/crew. Will you stay a clean cop or start to take dirty money? I also enjoy the pixel chaos of the beat: there is just something satisfying with how much is going on in this pixel jungle. Would love to see similar aesthetic approach done with a cyberpunk game.
76561198077240734,Recommended,461950,30903631,Posted: 2 April,all,Elder of Time,"Great game, think of it as a police version of Papers, Please. Both puts you in the shoes of an civil servant, you have to do repetitive tasks, you need to decide between your duty and your morals. The game also throws in a rankings meter that tells you how liked/hated you are by the people, the police, the mafia and the crew. You will be assigned a quota every morning and you need to try to meet the quota by the end of the day, if you double the quota you get a bonus on your paycheck. Calls will also come in during the day that tells you to take care of certain issues. The time management in this game is more essential than Papers, Please. You also need to keep an eye on your stamina, make sure to eat something from time to time in order to have the stamina to do your work. Excellent game all around especially since the end game issue is resolved now."
,Recommended,461950,33233535,Posted: 4 July,all,siNN,"this was a great game, i waited for it plenty months and i enjoyed every single second of this gametoo bad the endings were unsatisfying AFcouldve worked more on that part dev's but its okiez, still great time-waster10 / 10 loved it alot, we need more cop games"
,Recommended,461950,34116580,Posted: 8 August,all,theurbanwatcher,"Good story told through a point and click style game with pixel graphics. The game has multiple levels that really fills the game world with color. The game is a challenge but takes you on a ride as you try to balance mobsters, gang members, the needs of the people, your own alimony, and overall spy investigation hung over your head the entire time. Great game!  If you like this gem try ""Domina,"" ""Papers, Please,"" and ""Kindergarden."""
,Recommended,461950,30931906,Posted: 3 April,all,Flak & Shrapnel,"An absolutely stunning game. Deep story with a lot of Easter eggs. I love the point of view of being a cop and choosing with path to go down, either corrupt or Mr. Goody Two Shoes. And who wants to be a goody two shoes?"
,Recommended,461950,33097156,Posted: 1 July,all,Toastee,"Colourful, fun and story filled, this beautiful piece of pixel art 80's cop show nostalgia has already earned a place in my heart, and a favorite tag in my library."
76561198348032949,Recommended,461950,32351959,Posted: 11 June,all,gwchen283,"This game is great.  Exceeded my expectations.  Many games are gimicky these days, but this game is genuinely fun and you can tell the developer put a lot of thought to it."
,Recommended,461950,30863930,Posted: 31 March,all,Dragon Cop,"This game is absolutely fantastic. Coming up to its release I saw reviews criticising it's stereotypes and language used by the popular game critics, but I don't understand them. The game is funny, stereotypical because that's what it's meant to be, and captures the stereotypical Brooklyn in the 80's as a cop show aesthetic wonderfully. If you like ""Papers, Please"", you'll probably like this. It's a challenging, entertaining game with an interesting and intriguing story and tons of little side jobs and quests to do on your day to day. I've had a blast so far and am continuing to do so, I really recommend you grab this game when you get the chance if it looks like your kind of game!"
,Recommended,461950,32776710,Posted: 25 June,all,Kuggar,"I have a Roccat Tyon mouse which has LEDs. When a police car turns up, the lights on it flash Red and Blue in sequence with the car.10/10"
76561198010576188,Not Recommended,461950,34411943,Posted: 22 August,all,Rodjir,"The game itself was very fun, the writing was both good and funny, and the situations and decisions are quite intense. The reason why this is a downvote is because the ending is bugged. One of the choices doesn't work. The ""good"" ending...."
,Not Recommended,461950,31006974,Posted: 7 April,all,Chaser324,"Sorry to say that even though I find this game interesting, I can't recommend it at the moment due to some general bugginess that can cause significant progress loss. After some bug fixes though, I will come back and update my review.Here's what I'll say though based on the couple of hours that I have played it:It's kinda Papers Please but as a cop in the 1980s. Very cool concept. The writing is a bit dodgy here and there, but I guess that's at least partly by design since they're trying to evoke 80s cop dramas which were themselves often cheesy and poorly written. Some of the mechanics are a bit plodding and stiff, but again, that's clearly in line with the Papers Please sort of design approach. My only actual issue with the mechanics is that some of them aren't really explained well or at all - for instance, I failed a car search multiple times primarily because I just had no clue what I was supposed to do.There are some issues of race that come up here, and they're not necessarily handled all that deftly. Again, this is a story about 80s cop dramas, so I understand where they're coming from with this approach to the writing. However, I don't think it really works to the comedic effect that was intended. Some people may be into the intentionally bad/cheesy and overly crass thing, but I can see it putting off some people (I kinda include myself in that group).Again though, this review is only based on playing two hours, so don't judge it as being final. I'll edit this if/when I play through the entire game at a later date."
76561198005410948,Recommended,461950,30884444,Posted: 1 April,all,Melamed,"Now that the gamebreaking stuff has been fixed, I can rate this game adequately. Pure gem. The mechanics (time management) feel difficult at first, but when you get used to it, the game plays like a charm. Reminded me of Papers, please and This is the Police.Finished the game in one sitting. 10/10Would like to thank the developers for fixing things really fast."
,Recommended,461950,32942968,Posted: 28 June,all,Narcoticrobot,"Turns out, I'm a racist hypocrite!This game is great!"
,Recommended,461950,31152950,Posted: 15 April,all,Gabagool,"Great music, fun and challenging gameplay with some good decisions in it."
,Not Recommended,461950,31239009,Posted: 19 April,all,Vinrafel,"Video Review:https://youtu.be/js7KQoSsJ1UBeat Copis a game that had a lot of potential, but gae up its chances at being great by making it nothing more than a caricature of 80s cop dramas. The gameplay is solid enough, if not somewhat clunky and repetitive, but it's not enough to engage in the long-run. WhatBeat Copneeded was a solid and interesting narrative, but instead it has an uninspired and replicable story. Not enough is done well enough in this game for me to recommend it.For a more in-depth review, see the video above."
,Recommended,461950,33260012,Posted: 4 July,all,ParkerSTP,"Love the artThe graphics are amazing, and the sound track is great as well. The further you get in to the game it starts to get kind of repatative, but the story keeps it moving along."
76561197998117014,Recommended,461950,33202895,Posted: 3 July,all,Mister Ether,"It's like Papers, Please and Party Hard had a crude, mildly racist baby together, and that's fantastic.  The game has a few minor bugs (shoplifters not spawning because of your position and automatically being counted as missed), a couple instances of gross-out humor, and some broken evaluations, but overall it's got more pluses than minuses.The game is really humorous and all the things you have to juggle each day keep the game interesting.  Having to solve a mystery in a largely unforgiving time management game actually managed to make me feel tension, which is a rarity.  Writing tickets (and taking bribes or not) is far more fun than you'd think, though I regret not being able to tow someone's car in front of them.  Game play is very simple; everything is done with left-clicking or double-left-clicking.  Most of the challenge is mental rather than reaction-based.  The dialog feels like you're in an 80's movie and it tends to feel natural.  It's also really refreshing to play a game that's completely insensitive to everyone with all the pandering that seems to go on these days.Replay value is decent, as there are multiple ways to win, and it pairs well in windowed mode with watching cop shows (legally, on the streaming service of your choice) during replays."
76561198322179554,Recommended,461950,32368916,Posted: 12 June,all,M4D M4N,The story was done well. The only thing that was difficult for me in the beginning was the arresting mechanic of the game. After a while you get used to it in a way i guess.
,Recommended,461950,32713372,Posted: 23 June,all,NKRLive,Great story with more gameplay I need to explore
,Recommended,461950,32895369,Posted: 27 June,all,Colonel Kie,"fun, interesting, comical game, that can easily turn a quick 30minutes into a couple of hours"
,Recommended,461950,34222378,Posted: 13 August,all,CoolSchmool,"Weirdly, I enjoyed having to give tickets and run around back and forth to take care of problems all the time, with some good jams from the 80's. Can't sell out to neither gangs, but let them be. I liked the humor and the balance of activities in the game. 10/10"
,Recommended,461950,34114205,Posted: 8 August,all,leocrotta,"The game has to be taken as an early access game in order to like it. It is plagued with bugs, so often you have to replay a day and try changing something you do to avoid triggering a bug that fails a quest. The gameplay is enjoyable when it works, though. Would love to be able to skip more dialog with one button because repeating days is pretty much mandatory. Also would be nice it the Linux version showed more than a black screen since I wanted to play this on Linux, but couldn't."
76561198219996776,Recommended,461950,34206908,Posted: 12 August,all,AdAstraEliz,"Enjoyed this game! It's got a few days worth of playing in it. I turn it on for a bit of fun here and there. It does have a few bugs that have gotten in the way. Some of the timing or mechanics need some fleshing out because quests can get screwed up. But I enjoy the challenge of trying to get it right. There's a bit of replay value in the game as well since you can choose different sides, or ways the story will progress. Get it on sale though, I don't think it's worth the full price they ask."
76561198075202999,Not Recommended,461950,34107953,Posted: 8 August,all,Jakuzi,"Strangely unresponsive mouse controls, very repetitive and occasionally you get punished because certain mechanics just don't work for no reason (as an example on the 8th day you're supposed to ticket and tow every car on the street but sometimes it just won't give you the option to tow after ticketing)"
,Recommended,461950,35252779,Posted: 27 September,all,funplay2004,"When I was little I wanted to be a cop, little me would have liked this. 10/10"
,Recommended,461950,32403402,Posted: 13 June,all,Hat Man (God Tier),"How do i even start with praising this game... its 80's atmosphere and witty dialogue make for a fun and interesting world along with the menial tasks that come with being a beat cop. The intresesting jobs that the two rival ""gangs"" give you and the events that happen break up the gameplay so it dosent get tedious .the story its self seems a bit lack luster but i might need to do a second playthrough to get the full story. I feel like more people need to play this because it seems like a game alot have glanced over.Tl:dr: Good game pls buy."
76561197970349146,Recommended,461950,32872750,Posted: 27 June,all,Marcel,"first week I poisoned a dog, talked to a giant cockroach, and the Russian cop my boss told me to show around town, killed a hooker in a porn store.luckily this game was on steam sales, so I could get my mind of things. 10/10"
76561198159549740,Recommended,461950,32922274,Posted: 28 June,all,Sky_Lockx <O.G.H>,"A hidden gem. Gameplay's good, story is insane and it's nice that you can make your own choices and that those choice influence the ending of the game."
,Recommended,461950,31249130,Posted: 19 April,all,tightestpants,"Very intense game. It's overall great in music, story and the bugs seem relatively minor. I'm only at day 3, so not too deep yet. Just because I'm not very good at it right now, doesn't mean I will forever suck. Also, time-sentive games usually mean you should run through the game a few times to get the full scope, which I recommend. I may change/update this comment as I progress, but right now...it's good. (two tightpant legs up)"
,Recommended,461950,31178572,Posted: 16 April,all,Àntoné àlphÁ,"It's a good game, I got a coupon for it, so I was pleased with the price being $10 - it's a more comfortable price for a game you can play with just your mouse - and you can expect some real cop action.It's got good art, and has a pretty interesting story involving murder and supposed thievery.As you work your beat, you have to interact with the people, and the mafia and pretty mean gang of African-Americans.You also have general goals, it works out well.--I hope they release the soundtrack!"
,Recommended,461950,32911199,Posted: 27 June,all,Schneider,10/10
76561198007926250,Recommended,461950,31102975,Posted: 12 April,all,gobel,"Great game, especially for fans of Police Quest and alikes. Game is fast so there is no time for boredom, packed with brilliant ideas and dialogues, and the main plot is vast enough to finish it more than once. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,461950,31210391,Posted: 17 April,all,Albedo,"I like it. Enjoyed it. Got a coupon to buy it.Its basically a time management  game with events, where you play as cop/meter maid. Got some of the 80s cop show vibes. Not sure if I like the biassness of the social and political agendas inclination toward a certain spectrum though. If ya want to be humorously political, be neutral about it and ♥♥♥♥ everyone.All in all though...good game but bit buggy at launch. I recommended this game buy for best experience maybe wait till Summer Sale or they fix the bugs."
,Recommended,461950,34092712,Posted: 7 August,all,Mike Baker (Spyrter),"Great game, no complaints..."
,Recommended,461950,32408594,Posted: 14 June,all,FAXES,Great Game makes me feel like im in the 80s. I would recommend it. If you want to see a video I made on it have a look here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lhsl872iDAUOverall great game. Go & buy it.
76561198041778427,Not Recommended,461950,32762463,Posted: 25 June,all,Robog,"If you are looking for a game that makes you feel like you are in an 80s cop show, look no further. However, the creators of this game could do better on tutorializing exactly what the hell the player is suppose to be doing for any particular ""favor, or quota"". I got to a point in the game where I was ment to search a van for the mafia and I had no clue what I was ment to do. I got as far as being able to search the vehicle and I was stumped. I then figured out by frustratingly flailing my mouse around that I was ment to perform a sliding block puzzle. I was then stumped further by not not knowing which direction the small pop-up puzzle wanted me to go. Where is the start and where is the finish? The game from what I have seen, has great writing and is very witty, but as far as mechanics and gameplay direction, needs improvement. Save your money and spend it on a more worthy triple-A title."
76561198028202285,Recommended,461950,31084836,Posted: 11 April,all,nih g,"What an absolutely fantastic game!Great graphics.Great music.Great dialogue.Not very difficult but hectic, compelling gameplay.Story oriented.I encountered a couple (even some game breaking) bugs and some mistakes in the English dialogue during my playthrough, but luckily the game has save points after each day, so I was able to replay the levels in which I had problems.I would definitely play more games like this!"
,Recommended,461950,31141059,Posted: 14 April,all,Gameinatrix,"Now THIS is how you do a simulator! Simulator fans rejoice...the perfect police simulator (with an 80s flair) has come!  I was so happy to see this released so close to my birthday, so I bought it as a present to myself and I'm so happy I did! I'm madly in love with this game!If you loved the simulators of days gone by where you had fun tasks to do (many) and a good story, and may colorful characters, this is the game to you. Also love the homages to all things 80s. I just about died when I saw the references to Alien and Back to the Future. ...subtle..but awesome. Great job guys! Only an hour in and I already know I will play hours more!"
,Recommended,461950,31074320,Posted: 11 April,all,SpanglyClown,"It's just a fun game, not frills, no fluff, just some good fun to kick around for a couple hours. Worth the money."
,Recommended,461950,31222687,Posted: 18 April,all,RAVE MEN,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥нная игра, можно стрелять в негров и есть пиццу"
,Recommended,461950,30837414,Posted: 30 March,all,geordietony,"I've been waiting for this game for a while, as soon as I saw it I loved the art style and that time period seemed really interesting. I even pre-purchased a week ago which is very rare for me.I booted it up with excitement and some wonderful 80's music greeted me and instantly set the tone for the game. The game starts with a well-done intro like you are watching an old cop TV show and you enter the world Jack Kelly.The graphics may look simple but they are very effective, the sound is good with the hustle and bustle of a busy street, I would have maybe have liked to have seen a little bit of voice work here and there just to add to that emersion.The premise of the game is that you are a detective that is framed for a crime you didn't commit (as all good cop shows) and you get busted down to beat cop. You have to patrol a busy street, control gangs, crime, issue parking tickets, meet targets all while trying to find the who framed you.I spent 30 very enjoyable minutes with this game and will be doing a continued let's play. Great little indie game, I hope they keep developing it. Would be amazing to see differing streets, a few block or even different time periods. I'll probably never get that ,but great start so far. This will be edited as I continue playingYou can check my video out belowhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkGYvhH6naI"
,Recommended,461950,34076342,Posted: 7 August,all,Smoker,Addictive 80s pixel art clicking
76561198171917447,Not Recommended,461950,31026165,Posted: 8 April,all,tylerps2,This game is pretty cool but i wouldn't recommend it due to its bugs which ruins gameplay and messes up what your doing if they occur.
76561198012909735,Recommended,461950,30841552,Posted: 30 March,all,FoxxiGrandpa,Junky Priest...Cooked Drugs (Meth Probably)...Saved his Mass...10/10 Would add♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Not Recommended,461950,31201191,Posted: 17 April,all,Curious,"This game is utterly wasted potential, not worth buying at the current price.The graphics, setting and core mechanics are solid but never move beyond what you see on your first day. It would be a great intro as part of a much larger game, similar to how both police quest and LA Noire start you on the beat and quickly move you onto more interesting detective business.There are still far too many bugs that cause you to fail goals which are crucial to your progress which sinks the main gameplay loop. Often thieves will spawn too far away to ever catch, cars will be unticketable (even when everythings working the issue ticket button has a deadzone at the top of the graphics that isn't clickable). Event triggers are a sore spot as these can have more severe impacts on your progress and the storytelling.An early event is a fire that requires you to tow a car for the fire engine, only once did the fire and fire engine successfully appear on screen, even when successful clearing the parking space was completely unreliable. Most of the time a new car would pull up next to the hydrant just before the fire engine was due causing you to fail. A means to redirect traffic attempting to park would have been useful here and in other quests but simply blocking new car spawns after you had the car towed would have been sufficient. When I eventually managed to complete the event I'd left it too late and the tow truck was still arriving to tow the car which had caused several failures previously, yet this time central declared success for no discernable reason (the fire and fire engine had failed to show as usual).The developers also seem to think the game is worth selling on humour, but they don't have any understanding of how offensive humour works. It doesn't detract from the setting, it blends in so perfectly that you don't even notice its there. There are a few mildly offensive lines that seem to be delivered as if they were a punch line but they fall completely flat. It probably would have worked a lot better if it was presented as the unintentional humour of the source material (80's Cop shows) than trying so desperately hard and failing.If this game was remade in a longer format, with bugs cleared up, more mechanics and police jobs/tools, this would be a game worth getting. The lame attempts at humour should be given up unless they can find a capable writer, taking itself more seriously would probably end up funnier."
,Recommended,461950,31078024,Posted: 11 April,all,iliekP3aches,"If you liked Papers Please you will very likely enjoy Beat Cop as well. Personally, I could not stand the slow, depressing atmosphere of PP, as intended as it probably was. Beat Cop, however, was upbeat, busy, fast paced and injected a bit of comedy. Also be prepared for a nonpolitically-correct view of this fictional 80s New York street which feels surprisingly grounded. You also cannot do everything, but there appears to be many story paths to travel, giving this replayability.Edit: I'm surprised at all the negative downvotes. But I should also add that there are some bugs in the game. I've experienced a few, but it hasn't really impacted my game yet. I do hope they hammer this out rather quickly."
76561198343773624,Not Recommended,461950,34247622,Posted: 14 August,all,anna997aeh,"I want to start by saying that this is a fantastic game. Addictive. Fascinating. The story line is really fun to follow, and the gameplay itself is great.The only things holding me back from recommending this game, however, are the bugs. Whenever I call to report a ""perp"", the lady comes to take her into her car, and then just stops moving, and so do I. Time keeps moving, everyone else on the street continues to move, but I can't do a thing.Also, every in-game ""day"" starts out fine- and mostly without lag. But as the day goes on, the graphics begin to slow down, and the game becomes nearly impossible to play.It's very frusrating, because the game is very fun. These are my only complaints. Thank you :)."
76561198039952001,Recommended,461950,30845047,Posted: 30 March,all,civic812,"Loving the game so far, I am only through day 3 but havent seen any real issues.  The dialog is my favorite part so far, This game is hilarious!   Below is a link to my first play through if you are interested in seeing the game in action!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWC3XA5zrT0"
76561197965335618,Recommended,461950,30844180,Posted: 30 March,all,Canterwood,"So far, I've done nothing in the game, but wow is the first song from the sound track good.80's cop music? Seems Good ;)"
76561198101090518,Recommended,461950,30843851,Posted: 30 March,all,freezray,"It's a fun game I suggest getting it on sale though.Pros+cool retro feel+bribes+music+story+the fun crazy events like talking to a giant cockroach.+towing someone for parking in front of a fire hydrant (♥♥♥♥♥ a hazard man)+listening to the banter in the precinct before starting the beat.Cons-alimony-the constant race jokes and the awkward feel it creates after a while(black, italian, irish you name it). like seriously theres a BLM joke in there at one point. It caught me off guard because I wasn't expecting some political stance. especially since in the intro its stated this isn't some ""documentary"" about the 80s.-a good amount glitches like if you call a tow truck your still allowed to move even though time is frozen for a few seconds.-not really a con but I noticed when you hear the music playing out of the stereos that kind of music wouldn't have been playing in the 80s. Specifically when rap music was playing."
76561198063878961,Recommended,461950,30839896,Posted: 30 March,all,ExactChaos,"The game reminds me very much of the old school Police Quest game, minus the use of the keyboard and add in some swearing. If you want to see some game play check out this video:https://youtu.be/JfaOAXMM570All in all quite a bit of fun, and can get a bit addictive. Sure you arrest criminals and write many, oh so many parking tickets, but there is a much deeper story and game play elements.In general you are trying to clear your name, and in the process you have to maintain relationships with various factions on your beat. You can choose who you want to support the most and in turn get the most benefits from, it is this element of the game that will drive the replay ability of the game. If you don't balance this well you will be sleeping with the fishes like Fat Mike from who you took over.The verdict, very enjoyable and well worth it at the price."
,Recommended,461950,30842879,Posted: 30 March,all,CraftyHaddock,Papers Please as a cop
,Recommended,461950,30906350,Posted: 2 April,all,QlachPL,"very nice game - good story, nice music. I recommend"
76561198262084313,Recommended,461950,31166790,Posted: 15 April,all,CanardCanadien,"+Great Graphics And Very detailed Look And Is Pixel Graphics+Base on Brooklyn New York In The 80s+Playing As A 80s Cop+Has Funny dialogs+Has Three Factions Police,Mafia,Crew (Look Down For More Details)+Very detailed Look+Sometimes You Will Have Unique Situation In Some Beat+You Can Interact Whit AI And Buy Food For Your Stamina+Everytime Your Beat End You Will Get Your Results To The Beat And Get Your Salary (Look Down For More Details)=You Can Chase Bad Guys But Sometimes Is Boring And Annoying+Has A Cool Theme Song+Has Different Endings+The Game Is Getting Better And Better From Updates+Sometimes You Find Interesting Easter Eggs-The Game Gets Very Repetitive And Get Really Boring-You Get Tired From Reading The DialogsOk Lets Talk About Factions There Is 3 Factions The Mafia, Crew And Police  The Factions Effects Your Ending To Increase There Trust To You Must Help Them But If You Help The Mafia Or The Crew You Are Risking Your Results And Losing Trust To The Police And of Course The More Trust You Lose Whit One Faction There Will Be Consequences.Now The Results In Every Beat You Have Daily Routins If You Do Not Finish One Of Those Daily Routines You Will Lose Some Money As Punisment And In The Results You Can See The Changes Whit Factions.Legend=Equal+Positive-NagativeThanks For Reading My Review To Beat Cop I Hope It Was Useful To You!"
76561198067192420,Recommended,461950,31048299,Posted: 9 April,all,Old Gerg,"this game is hilarious. if just a bit repetative great story, great music. overall worth 15 bucks for a low key relaxing game"
76561198093946368,Not Recommended,461950,30990072,Posted: 6 April,all,boat,"It's fun but I feel like I've got Carpel Tunnel Syndrome from all the clicking that's required. Enough that while I'm curious to see what happens next, I don't really look forward to playing the game any more."
76561198082442919,Recommended,461950,30888265,Posted: 1 April,all,loser ladyface,You have the right to remain silent. The right to a court-appointed attorney. You have the right to sing the blues. You have the right to cable TV. You have the right to sublet. You have the right to paint the walls. No loud colors.
76561198099670651,Recommended,461950,32277470,Posted: 8 June,all,avery.a.shaw,"It is a good game to be bored to.  Beat Cop is a game that you can not play for long periods at a time but have so much playability that it keeps the player coming back for more.  I particularily enjoy the retro '80s New York-inspired theme.  The only problem with the game is controls.  Running after a suspect who just robbed something out of a store can be difficult without a controller, let alone apprehending him.  Everything else about the game is sparkling, in that stereotypical rude native New Yorker, ""Forget about it"" style."
,Recommended,461950,31270250,Posted: 21 April,all,Ashes Mandalay,"Great atmosphere, great world-building, I love that the local character development feels natural despite being written in an episodic way. Even though its graphics are intentionally basic, it sucks you into it and feels immersive."
76561198178503585,Recommended,461950,31211442,Posted: 17 April,all,noaharich,"Beat Cop is a point and click game that envolves an Officer Jack Kelly. Kelly is now assigned as a cop writing traffic tickets and doing street patrols, but the game heats up fast. Two factions compete for influence over you, this is where balance is very important as you want to survive. But you are also part of a scandal, it is important to the story to manage it correctly. But now my review, Beat Cop is a game with a well written story with good characters, it can be frustarting at times and you may have to start each ""level"" over several times, the characters are memorable and the Scene is beautiful. Although the task of writing tickets may seem boring it is not very tedious and quotas are not to hard to meet, what gives the story flavor is the decisions you have to make regarding factions and the scandal. What ends up being important is the choices you make, these can have great impacts on your standing with the factions and challenges your morals, the game also is funny and has references in it. The sexual conetent in the game is interesting as well as the presence of drugs as well, and the ocasional shooting or investigation. However don't think this is a shooter or a high action game. Beat Cop is far from perfect and its biggest downfall is the ending. I won't spoil the ending but there is several of them, the problem is the endings do not really solve anything, you will still be left with several questions and will need to speculate. The comunity is relativly small there is few forums and help besides the few playthroughs. Beat Cop is a great game but the ending really bumps it down i would give it an 8.25/10"
,Recommended,461950,31290558,Posted: 21 April,all,eco,"Good atmosphere and mechanic. Very funny lines. Some bugs (graphics mostly, and there was a time when I tried to skip the dialog by maniacally clicking my mouse, the cars just became no longer clickable and I had to restart the day).One thing I feel not so great lies in the font. It suits well with the game style but hey, your game requires a HUGE amout of reading, and the low legibility of a pixelated font make me tired.I don't know how you can fix it since any other font will feel less suitable. Try maybe using a larger one, or allowing players to zoom the UI?"
76561198025907046,Recommended,461950,31532856,Posted: 3 May,all,iyobo123,Love it!
76561197994947653,Recommended,461950,33559538,Posted: 15 July,all,Major_TORMENT,"This is.... ok. I'm giving a tentative recommendation based on a low Steam Sale price. If you have to pay more than a couple of quid for this game, don't. That said, it provided a few hours of enjoyment, so it depends how you value your own time.Things I liked: The graphics, soundtrack, some of the humour, generally it's an easy game to pick up and play for half an hour and then put down again.Things I didn't like: It felt like there was little emphasis on the overarching story (your character trying to clear his name). You can really progress through pretty much all of the game without developing that story at all. It kinda sucked to be meeting ticket quotas instead of just dealing with story-led crimes / drama-of-the-day type plots.I got through to the end but hadn't actually solved the main story plot, e.g. cleared the name of the character. I really don't want to go back through and fix that, it's not just compelling enough to deal with the repetition of issuing parking tickets and whatnot.Generally, this was fine, but I wouldn't buy it over, say, Papers Please, which has the same kind of vibe, but is better excuted."
76561198025017892,Not Recommended,461950,33295196,Posted: 5 July,all,metroidzard,"I really like the idea of Beat Cop. Two Best Friends brought me here and sold me on it.  Playing on Mac is very buggy. Kelly Jumps all over the place and wastes time to any direct click. Stamina is super inconsistent and will result in me catching the criminal or not, not fair. You have multiple jumpy NPC's and street conversations go too fast. How can I make my quotas when the game is screwing me for time? I REALLY hope this issues get fixed, as this brought me to make my first review.I super want  to recommend this game but the bugs on Mac are too many."
76561197960803164,Recommended,461950,34217275,Posted: 13 August,all,MaddogMatty,"such a cool indie game, does become a bit repeditive"
76561198071929839,Recommended,461950,31138799,Posted: 14 April,all,omerosaienni,"I love this game. Run around, arrest people if you can be bothered. Turn a blind eye if you are on the payroll. Take bribes, if that's your thing. You have freedom to be the cop you want to be.The dirtier, the richer but I am sure that is not the point of the game, or is it.Try it out if you are into retro games and you don't mind pretending that you are a beat cop. Worth it for me."
76561198034249480,Recommended,461950,30834163,Posted: 30 March,all,InTheJungle,"Very cool game, nice art style. Easy to get to grips with my only gripe with it is that it makes my PC run a little hot for my liking but if there's a way to cap the fps that's easily fixed. :)**EDIT** FPS issued fixed Vsync has been added and framerate capped at 60. :)"
76561198012160186,Not Recommended,461950,31468751,Posted: 30 April,all,Dr. Rockso,"Beat Cop is a game that tries to play off of nostalgia.  Gamers who grew up playing old Sierra Adventure games, specifically ""Police Quest"" and ""Leisure Suit Larry,"" will feel thrown-back to their younger days.  Some will find this a good & charming aspect, others (such as myself), not-so-much.11-Bit Studios is responsible for one of the best games I've played in over a decade: This War of Mine.  TWoM is one of the most beautiful and easy-to-control games; which is why it's hard for me, as a PC gamer with and i7 and GeForce 780 GTX, to suddenly switch back to 1st gear in terms of graphics and gameplay, all for the sake of nostalgia.The gameplay itself is repetitive and hardly on par with the like of ""Papers, Please,"" in terms of gameplay depth.  Honestly, it's pretty shallow by comparison and gets pretty old, pretty quick.  The story isn't helped by the fact the graphics are so lacking, and ""This is the Police,"" recently did it much better, in many ways.I feel like this game is just kind of ""filler"" between projects for 11-Bit.  That's not to say that love wasn't put into this game, as it appears to most-certainly be a labor-of-love which appeals to a very specific target audience.  $14.99 seems a tad high for a pixel art game, and $9.99 feels about right.  I love 11-Bit studios, just not this game.TLDR:Game is a mash-up of ""Police Quest"" + ""Papers, Please"" + ""This is the Police""Pros:NostalgiaInteresting ConceptLabor-of-Love from 11-BitCons:Repetitive, boring gameplayPixel art graphics -- gimmick wears-thin, quicklyBy-the-numbers, predictable story and endings$14.99 too high an asking price"
76561198007239918,Recommended,461950,31026481,Posted: 8 April,all,Spills51,"FANTASTIC!I dont remember being so engaged in the Banter that goes on between two people more then this great game!It's funny, it's engaging and most of all it's FUN!If you know of the 80's and it's shows it adds so much to the game.It is in NO WAY Politically Correct so if you are offended easily I would pass. As for me this is one of the true highlights of it!I just cant say enough about it!Everytime I'm about to go out on the beat for the day I just get a stupid grin on my face.Very few games give me that pleasure.You want a great game this is it.Can't give a game a more glowing review but it deserves it!If you grab it see you on the beat :D"
,Not Recommended,461950,31005134,Posted: 7 April,all,[DPRK]KimTongUn,"It's point and click, the main story lines which seem like they would be intersting to be involved in are lazily force fed through text, didnt even want to continue playing after a few days in seeing as how repetitive it is. Aside from the repitition, broken search mechanics and trying to be edgy by having crude talk in the presinct but being to cowardly to use any actual derogitory terms really dosent give it an 80's feel, the worst things i saw in there was calling italian ""meatballs"" and I think a black character says ""♥♥♥♥♥"" at somepoint but overall it's really mild"
,Recommended,461950,31407285,Posted: 27 April,all,[BFC-Joe] Amerikaner,Great game to play when you wanna waste a little time. The story is humorous and there are just enough suprises to keep you wanting to play another day.
,Recommended,461950,30850189,Posted: 31 March,all,߷James_Mayonnaise߷,Beat the meat.
76561197988937226,Recommended,461950,32019883,Posted: 28 May,all,Wichita,Great game. One of a kind.
76561198020374336,Recommended,461950,32039298,Posted: 29 May,all,Welshowl,Love the retro feel to this game.... very addictive worth the price...!
76561198118424637,Recommended,461950,34764183,Posted: 5 September,all,☺²,"If you are a stickler for graphics in just saying now ""GET THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT! YOU WONT APPRECIATE THIS GAME!""This game is a masterpeice of all shape and form, with multiple endings depending on your relationship with the mafia or the gang or the police being a few. It takes serious and funny into a whole new light and i haven't seen funny and serious been balanced out this well since Saints Row II (which is another masterpiece). The only critisism I have is that going up and down the same street oer and over gets boring after the tenth day9/10"
76561198088292050,Recommended,461950,34913306,Posted: 12 September,all,DJ Chuckie D,"Game is super fun and brings me back to the old days.... not as old as text based RPG, but pretty close."
,Recommended,461950,35034613,Posted: 17 September,all,Initiatecrab934,"Overwhelming is the name of the game you get from 8:00am to 5:00pm to clean a street while balancing the local gang,the people's opintion and your own fellow police officers. If you help the gang's they will like you but the people and the cops wont appreciate it as much. If you want to play this one good luck and be smart."
76561198151208732,Recommended,461950,30837581,Posted: 30 March,all,Urahara Kisuke,"Pretty fun, good art"
76561198135278272,Recommended,461950,31089424,Posted: 11 April,all,Hahalaweb,Is Nice
,Recommended,461950,34071578,Posted: 6 August,all,RE_Stringer,this is a fun and good game
76561198043274363,Recommended,461950,33656763,Posted: 19 July,all,SIMPLY IRRESISTIBLE,"that's a great game if you enjoyed Papers, Pleasethe biggest con is final coz there's nothing special and exciting about ityour choice doesn't make any differenceand you don't even get any cutscene, it just says ""FIN.""7/10 (if you like this kind of gameplay and this kind of jokes)5/10 (the game itself with it's repetitive gameplay)"
76561198026386095,Recommended,461950,33803657,Posted: 26 July,all,erfqfrqe,If accurately replicates some of the worst bits of being a cop in a brilliantly funny way.
,Not Recommended,461950,31192555,Posted: 16 April,all,K1dS3ns4t10n,"Fresh off the completion of Thimbleweed Park, I searched the Steam Store for more pixelly goodness and stumbled upon Beat Cop. I really wanted to like this game. The preview screens and music made it appear to have so much potential.  Sadly, I tapped out after writing the first parking ticket. There is just waaaay too much non-interesting dialogue to get through. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy reading a good book, but an adventure game is not a book."
76561198104032066,Recommended,461950,34070323,Posted: 6 August,all,emilioPotato5,"Great game, very addictive!"
,Recommended,461950,31812317,Posted: 17 May,all,4cylinder,Amazingly fun. I love the '80s!
,Recommended,461950,32659294,Posted: 22 June,all,ninvirus,Addictive.
,Recommended,461950,31734979,Posted: 13 May,all,Big Joey,"Paid for this game, didnt regret it. I found myself sitting up for 2 hours wrapped up in the gameplay!"
,Recommended,461950,31382878,Posted: 26 April,all,Maskedviper,Beat Cop is a throw back to old 1980-90's esque point and click stories.-The plot revolves around a dishonored cop who's been booted down to parking jockey for a crime he may or may not have committed.-Gameplay centers around writing tickets and keeping face with both the Police force of 1980's NYC and the many crime syndicates and Families.-I haven't gotten very far in but I expect it will be a fun ride nonetheless.
76561198002968977,Recommended,461950,31550150,Posted: 4 May,all,Ravenor,"This game was pretty fun. I liked the aspect of finding out what happend the night you were framed. The racist and sexist overtones were a little much. There is still that issue of figuring out the prime number for an apartment and the apartments number isnt a prime number. there are some mistakes and issues with the game, but I feel like I got my moneys worth. 8/10 would help the crew again."
,Not Recommended,461950,32896723,Posted: 27 June,all,Beep Boop Science Chip,"I can't recommend this at the moment. It crashes after leaving the PD for the first time even though my PC meets the specs. It's a shame cuz it seemed right up my alley. I've reinstalled, launched as admin and verified files, still doesn't work."
,Recommended,461950,31495507,Posted: 1 May,all,Raskolnikov_CP,"I played this game with 3 hours. So, if you look at the comments about Beat Cop, you firstly have to specify the time that the player have played this game. If it's under the 2 hours, you do not have to consider his/her comments about the game.Let's talk about Beat Cop. The game is awesome. It's engrossing for me. I have to admit that after a couple of hours, it's getting a bit monotonous. Still, you feel like a real cop. Because you will be always busy in this game. Even though you are a relax person, the game makes you liable with its mechanics.I recommend it. The price is good enough.I hope you'll enjoy with it."
76561198057502741,Recommended,461950,33165391,Posted: 2 July,all,ุ,Vamo Argentina carajo!
,Not Recommended,461950,32837500,Posted: 26 June,all,Worm,It's just papers please but you walk up and down a street.
,Recommended,461950,31246341,Posted: 19 April,all,Package Courier,was new york really such a♥♥♥♥♥♥hole
,Recommended,461950,30854069,Posted: 31 March,all,Teslasquid,Great gameGreat soundtrackOld school 8 bit well done
76561197995597246,Recommended,461950,30836755,Posted: 30 March,all,FreeHugz,So far about an hour in.... and loving it!! As a productof the 80's the references are funzo.
,Not Recommended,461950,31639446,Posted: 8 May,all,BRAK (ง°ل͜°)ง BABALITY,great settinggreat pixel artok writingm'eh gameplaybad bugsi can't complete the game due to a bug and i'm not gonna bother starting over
76561198042161073,Recommended,461950,31051652,Posted: 9 April,all,Kurnel ApocalypticCheeseburger,"BAD BOYS, BAD BOYS, WHATCHYA GONNA DO? WHATCHYA GONNA DO WHEN I COME FOR YOU"
,Recommended,461950,31762960,Posted: 14 May,all,pippoopinthescoop,"If you liked Papers Please, you'll like this game"
76561197963422863,Recommended,461950,31026331,Posted: 8 April,all,Diebythesword,Gangster!
,Recommended,461950,31021041,Posted: 8 April,all,DerSchuldige,Really cool game!
,Recommended,461950,30866872,Posted: 31 March,all,Thomas Clancy,10/10
76561197964120751,Not Recommended,461950,31136300,Posted: 14 April,all,Hyperlynx,"Well, disclaimer at the start of the game says this is about nothing but the authors' fond memories about 80s cop shows, and is in no way trying to make a comment on policing in the 70s-80s yadda yadda yadda. See, the thing is, it's not possible to entirely divorce the author's intent from the reality of the subject matter.There's only so far you can go trying to be tongue-in-cheek about actual, real-world, serious matters such as chronic poverty, systemic racism and corruption. If you're going to address such matters, you need an extremely sensitive and deft touch. You're taking on a hell of a challenge, and you need to do it right if you're going to do it at all. It's not enough to say ""well, I just don't feel this is that serious"" and then make a game about it anyway.So. The game itself, mechanically, is nothing special. You run from place to place trying to balance the quests demanded of you against your time constraint. The only thing to distinguish the frankly weak mechanics from other games is its treatment of the subject matter. If you take it as just a brainless cop show, then yeah, sure, whatever. If you take ""a dumb cop show"" as the subject matter, then it's fine if honestly a bit dull. If you take ""the social politics of NYC circa 1980"" as the subject matter, it's really, really short of the mark.It doesn't really matter that they've expressly said at the start of the game that they mean only to represent cop shows and not reality. What is the point of any poingancy in said cop shows, or this game by reflection, if not to make the viewer consider reality? Why bother with any drama about the conflict between personal necessity and justice, if not to make a point? Just to reference shows that were trying to make a point?The conflict between ""do the right thing"" and ""keep your head down and look after yourself"" against extreme odds is a really interesting and important one, worthy of investigation. And, truth be told, it was done far, far better and more sensitively in Papers, Please. Way, way, WAY better. That was an amazing game, with massive shoes to fill, and this game does not do it. Papers, Please already trod the path of using tedious, pedantic gameplay strongly tied to the narrative. You need an extremely good justification to waste the player's time on tedious bull****; criticism of fascism is a valid one, homage to dated cop shows is not.So. I guess if you really like cop drama shows on TV and don't think/care for one moment about what real people go through in real life then hey, I guess this is for you. If you want to run around doing tedious bull**** then this might appeal. Otherwise, avoid."
76561198057611529,Not Recommended,461950,31148159,Posted: 14 April,all,HolographicMeatloaf,Its a lot less being a police officer and a lot more being a meter maid...You use your cuffs sparingly and your gun even less.
,Recommended,461950,33844236,Posted: 27 July,all,tact,"Great game, too many cats in the streets though."
76561197976056436,Recommended,461950,33170850,Posted: 2 July,all,sin_2000,ye
,Recommended,461950,30948461,Posted: 4 April,all,CUDGEdaveUK,"What a great little game.And love the non-PC humour! I see the snowflakes hate the game, so two fingers up to them!10/10"
,Recommended,461950,30852123,Posted: 31 March,all,BLYAT,GREAT GAME NICE PIXEL ART GAME THIS GAME IS A ONE OF THE BEST PIXEL GAME I EVER PLAYED I THINK I'M ADDICT TO THIS GAME UNTIL I GET THE END SO I CAN STOP ADDICT XD P.S. JUST DO IT! BUY THIS GAME! XD
76561198151048499,Not Recommended,461950,30898065,Posted: 2 April,all,deen_82,"First time I've written a review on Steam - it reminds me of a poor man's version of Papers Please meets Police Quest without the fun of either game. It's a drag playing on an annoying interface including the glitchy way your character stands in front of doors / cars. Because time is so short, this glitching means you lose valuable time.It just got to the point where it just wasn't that fun to play which is a pity as the concept had a whole lot of promise. If you can get it for half price or less, it may be worth it but otherwise avoid."
76561197995585137,Recommended,461950,30873975,Posted: 1 April,all,Casscad,Still waiting for Russian ^_^
,Recommended,461950,32225133,Posted: 6 June,all,Ja'mare Kidd,This game is unrealisticyour white character can out run black people
,Recommended,461950,34875985,Posted: 10 September,all,icy,100% Will beat the cop again
,Not Recommended,461950,30991962,Posted: 6 April,all,Nit Pick,"The point and click mechanic really doesn't work for this game. Don't expect WASD to be used in this. Especially for those who don't like FNAF. It ain't scary but it's got that mentality of mouse usage (if that makes any sense).I do want a good cop simulator but not this. It's not a cop sim but it has those mechanics that seem like it would make a good one.The whole 'haha lol at the 80s cop shows' seems really jaded. All with pixel graphics to get that retro feel. However it's simulated pixels and not perfect pixels. Citizens on the street have really bad shadows. How would I put it? It's like they coded the sprite to have a shadowed version of it's self and skewed to fit the time mechanic.The story is about a Detective framed for theft and he has to figure out as a demoted cop to figure out who framed him. I'm not really motivated to learn the truth as the jank mechanics hinder my playthrough.I say don't buy it but if this causes any curiosity, fine. Buy it, don't like it? Refund it. Before the two hour mark it's plenty of time to get a good grasp of what the game is like."
76561198005261722,Recommended,461950,30855269,Posted: 31 March,all,jlk_123,Hey if anyone is interested the new youtube channel called the Corded Kings are playing this game. If you want to see some gameplay of it before you buy check it out. It's what I did lol.
,Recommended,461950,30836475,Posted: 30 March,all,Ranghar,I AM THE LAW!!!
76561198102683096,Not Recommended,461950,31129069,Posted: 13 April,all,Tanker,"1. What do you do in this game?A. Write tickets as this game has nothing else in place to past time. But after 2 hours of this. You would think something else would be there to keep you playing.But there isnt. You can check a plate / Call tow truck. But the basic idea behind this game is still the same.Write a ticket over and over and over for hours...2. Is there combat??A. Not combat as you would think in the term "" Combat "" Think of a web site shoot'em up without keyboard control.So it is more of a "" Skill shot "" "" Timed event "" with no real need for input. You have a target or more of a moving aim point. Once you get it over the person you are shooting you click and wait.3. What about the story?A. Jokes are repeated daily / every other day. Which you just want to spam click and not read what so ever. You get dropped off in a car every day and then have to read the same crap that was said to you moments before again because even the deveplover knows you are spam clicking.So in short.. No real story unless you want to read the same thing over and over and over."
76561198033848352,Recommended,461950,30835418,Posted: 30 March,all,pandp,I love it.
,Not Recommended,461950,32005507,Posted: 27 May,all,Knugen,Not Enough Content For The Asking Price!
,Not Recommended,461950,30849018,Posted: 31 March,all,DeliciousButthurt,"If there were a way to slow the time down, this would be great. Really, it's the only thing stopping me from enjoying the game right now. It's definitely worth checking out, but imo, hold out on picking it up until either someone makes a trainer to control the time or they opt to patch it."
76561198072663584,Not Recommended,461950,33901774,Posted: 30 July,all,thisgamesucks,"Superscam, this game is worth 2 €. All you do is writing ♥♥♥♥ing tickets and running from one end of the street to the other."
76561198041026711,Not Recommended,461950,34246656,Posted: 14 August,all,pbump,"Racist ""jokes"" in 2017 aren't waved away by a stupid disclaimer at the front end. Grow up."
76561198059604038,Not Recommended,461950,32393892,Posted: 13 June,all,Keith15545,Trash tier game.
76561198221986892,Not Recommended,461950,30885926,Posted: 1 April,all,FOOD FIGHTER,Frame rate for me is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,461950,33685657,Posted: 20 July,all,Mr. Poopybutthole,It thinks its funny.
,Not Recommended,461950,30911899,Posted: 2 April,all,[ZSU] Venom,"The casual racism and sexism isn't funny, and fails to actually mean anything aside from just occuring every second sentence. The promise of an 80's nostalgia feel completely misses the mark. The game itself is also repetitive and boring, expecting to challenge the player to make pointless decisions then taking away control from you before you actually could impact the weak story. The characters are also one-dimensional and stereotyped. Nothing was enjoyable within the first hour."
76561198006546984,Recommended,461950,30842731,Posted: 30 March,all,Malice,"The game is very fine. I'm having lots of fun playing it, but one major issue is an alarming amount of bugs. There are many graphic bugs that are noticeable but don't affect gameplay, but some of the issues (like events starting before office calls you to give you the information about your task) are reallybad(mine resulted in game over; good thing it's not permadeath). Game is very solid though, and I'm waiting for the fixes so the game gets even better!"
,Recommended,461950,30886330,Posted: 1 April,all,OBookman,"Amazing game, the pixel graphics are awesome, gameplay is click and point action-adventure, some real time elements give you the rush and storyline is classic and just what you want to experience. Buy it you wont regret."
76561198138206872,Recommended,461950,31092451,Posted: 12 April,all,Trinidad,"fan to pixel graph and 8bit games. this dev so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ generous. they give me coupon 20% off and then i got trading card values SGD3,9. more liek dis pls, maybe as tataglia fam"
,Recommended,461950,31096454,Posted: 12 April,all,ATeamOfSkeletons,In this game you play as an unlikable character doing unlikable things in an unlikable neighborhood while working for an unlikable business selling unlikable products. But in an unlikeable way........... I like this game.Storyline : 8Characters : 0Graphics : 0Playtime : 8Backwards Flip : 5
,Recommended,461950,31067136,Posted: 10 April,all,JamesFish21,Really good game! If this even intereests you a little bit I suggest you get it.
76561198109158166,Recommended,461950,31672859,Posted: 10 May,all,DankSerpico,"Beat Cop is an interesting game. I like the humor as well the over all vibe. It is stylish, and fun, but also far from perfect. It does a decent job of feeling like a PC game from back in the day, for the better... and the worse.One downside is that there really isn't a TON of content here. Surprisingly they are able to get a lot of mileage out of what is here.  I'm a little less than 3/4 through the game and it seems like there is just one street that you patrol over and over. That being said, The game is still quite engaging on day 16. From what I understand there are multiple endings which may add enough replay value for some players.Another low spot is that there is no save feature. You have to finish the day, or you can start over from any day you've finished. This is really similar to the difficulty of the games it's trying to emulate... but.... a midday save would be welcome. There are quite a few times where the game will surprise you with a crime or event  towards the end of the day. Screw up and you have to start the day all over. It can cause a little frustration. Add to that the fact the conversations never change and it lowers the sense of discovery and to some degree, the fun factor.I plan on seeing the game through to the end. I am doubtful that I would return to see the alternate endings, but I appreciate that they are there.If you like cop games, don't mind pixelated-nudity-racism-foul language, then this game might be for you. I would say rather confidentally that the game is worth the $10 I paid for it."
76561198005652350,Recommended,461950,32078383,Posted: 30 May,all,evopanda,"Simple but great game.Some things are still buggy and need work, but overall pretty solid.What i like about this game is its unique style and feel. Not many games like this."
,Not Recommended,461950,31128405,Posted: 13 April,all,Gnarly Fish,It is pretty good for a while until the tasks you are assigned turn into chores.
,Recommended,461950,33473795,Posted: 12 July,all,Kaya the Kure,"(This is from my blog - Kayas Arcade as a part of my 52 games in 52 weeks challenge)https://www.facebook.com/Kayasarcade/I was really looking forward to play Pixel Crow and 11 bit studios' '80's cop tribute' Beat Cop. At first I wanted to play it at the release date, but life happened, and I got it a few weeks later instead.And now, I finally completed it! :DI loved the art from the beginning- It's really neat.Through the whole game i continued to find new and cool stuff about it. The details are so amazing and fun!Its inspired by 80's cop shows, has a lot of humor and the gameplay/choices are really nice.The story was actually pretty good and I liked the different choices. I really tried to be the ""good cop"", but it was hard not to be a little ""corrupt"".I would like to see a game like this, on a 'bigger scale'. It really has a lot of potential, but gets a little dull, because everything happens on the same street.All in all, I really liked it. It was a fun, beautiful and made me laugh a lot. I'm glad that I completed it, and has already recommended it to a couple of friends."
,Recommended,461950,33308939,Posted: 6 July,all,Xaerin,"Short term, light-hearted fun recreating the feeling of those 70s  cop shows, but not without game breaking bugs unfortunately. Get it on sale."
76561198045072566,Recommended,461950,33417509,Posted: 9 July,all,Wilson Fisk,"Gameplay is pretty simple, but the text from interactions are pretty damn funny,"
76561198047470316,Recommended,461950,33329224,Posted: 6 July,all,oceans_of_wine,"This game  remembers of"" Papers Please"" , pixelate grafics , you make decisions all the time that interfene on the future events . The mecanic of the game and the story is cool and simple  .The negative part of the game is that is kind of short but you can enjoy of ...about ...10  hours of good gaming.   10 hours of fun for 10 bucks is fair enough ."
76561198053037818,Recommended,461950,32056808,Posted: 29 May,all,Savant (Fan),This game is awesome. You can do different kinds of missions everyday. Mafia's side or gang's side? or both? thats up to you. And the game is funny!-Gameplay is good.-Soundtrack is awesome.-Story is interesting.
76561198049018800,Recommended,461950,34545055,Posted: 27 August,all,pkp,"Beat Cop is a time management game immersed in the muck of 80s, Big Apple crime and corruption.It has enough uniqueness and charm to warrant a purchase and I enjoyed playing most of it.But it doesn't reach it's full potential, suffering from repetitive tasks, repetitive dialog, and overall lack of polish.Pros+ It's set in the 80s, back when New York was a more crime-ridden, hate-filled place. Perfect for a cop game.+ Outside of the main storyline, there are a number of unconnected sidequests and events to make things interesting.+ I like the pixel graphics.+ The game allows you to ""rewind time"" back to any of the previous days.+ There are several different endings+ Not only do you ticket people, you can also tow them!Cons-Repetitive dialogOutside of story events, Beat Cop has very little unique dialog. Most shopkeeps only have a few unique lines. People on the street randomly say one of just a dozen or so lines. People arguing against tickets say one of just a dozen or so lines. In a single day, you'll get multiple lines multiple times. Now imagine that happening for 21 days.It's incredibly annoying to see the same dialog so often.It's also a missed opportunity by Pixel Crow. More lines could have made the shopkeeps richer characters. More lines from the random pedestrians could have deepened the immersion of the game.I don't know why Pixel Crow cut corners here. Adding more lines should have been relatively cheap and easy.-Repetitive tasksGiving out tickets gets pretty boring over 21 days.That supports the narrative since being a beat cop isn't supposed to be fun. But this is ultimately a game which is supposed to be fun.-Restarting a day is annoying-- Let's say you died or wanted to change one thing that happened during a day. Well, you have to replay through the whole day. You have to click through all the dialogs. You have to regive out all the tickets you already gave. For longer missions, I just resorted to using a cheat guide because I didn't want to have to replay a whole day for making a wrong choice.-All the endings are unsatisfying. There is very little epilogue.-Bugs-- I once instantly failed a mission and it wasn't clear why. I think the game forgot to show me some prompts.-- Occasionally, Kelly's path finding gets confused. He'll go the wrong way, or spasm in the same place. Luckily this never caused any major issues. I could fix things just by clicking in a different place.-- One part of your notepad tracks multi-day, major plot points. Some of them remained even after being resolved. For example, I was told to Find something. The task continued displaying for several days after I had already found it.-- For some story events, you have to buzz a specific apartment. You might arrest them, you might find them dead. Regardless of what happens, after the story event is over, if you buzz the same apartment, you get the same generic response as for other apartments.-Unexplained gun mechanicsThe first time I was told to stop a robbery, I ran over and it wasn't clear what to do.I eventually noticed that the gun icon had a slight blue outline and figured out I was supposed to shoot the perps.I think they need to make the blue outline more obvious, or have a specific in-game event that points this out."
,Recommended,461950,33283617,Posted: 5 July,all,Darkuodai90,"A very, very good game. Everything about it feels great. Apart from a few minor bugs, there really isn't anything to complain about. Genuinely one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,461950,35097457,Posted: 20 September,all,!joker,Fantastic game
,Recommended,461950,35203837,Posted: 25 September,all,Necroknight76,"Very good indie game with lots of good dialog. It reminds me of Steven Seagals, ""Above the Law"".https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgfrKdEKB4c"
76561198399461858,Recommended,461950,35142446,Posted: 22 September,all,fcprospekt,"I really enjoyed the game. Fun, relaxing, not too hard, not too easy."
