user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,462440,32794781,Posted: 25 June,all,DreadPirateDuo,"UPDATE: I recieved a comment on this review from the developer on 06-26-2017 that I was highly impressed with. This is a great way for a developer to respond and I will be keeping a close eye on Rokh, in a very good way.Rokh, I loved what was described on the store page, I think the described game would be a huge amount of fun… but you aren’t there yet.I have some basic requirements for a game like this:#1 - It must be Multiplayer#2 – It must have a dedicated server that runs on Windows#3 – It must be reactive to my input#4 – I must have fun within the first 30 minutes (90 minutes if there is a learning curve and I don’t lose interest).Rokh has the potential to hit all these points… but just falls short at this time.I spent a good 8 hours trying to get the Rokh server running on my Windows 2012 R2 server (where I run quite a few other instances of game servers). The part that bit me in the behind was that the Windows version of the Dedicated server files requires Steam to be installed on the server, and open… or the “dedicated” server cannot communicate with the Steam matchmaking / server list service. In my opinion, this is not very dedicated yet… a server should not need Steam to be installed to run dedicated server files… I’m sure this will be fixed, however this directly affects my recommendation of the game.The interface is slow, the UI is unresponsive. To use the jet pack spacebar must be held down for a few seconds, I believe this is because it is shared with jump, but it’s too long and I end up using the jetpack and not gaining any altitude… which wastes power.When I started mining resources, there was a 5+ second delay from when I clicked to when a resource started to be mined. The animations were not in sync with the sound, and the whole process was disjointed and… just disappointing.I was running out of suit power quickly, I could not find any battery recharge stations at any of the ruins I looked at. I should have had one on my lander, it would only make sense… or one of the 4 landers I found on the map.Building is odd, but manageable… but the tile sizes seem really small. I built a 5 x 5 platform of tin tiles, and while they were shiny and pretty, I had no idea how big the tiles were in relation to me. One tile seemed like it was the size of one of my boots, but as I jumped on the platform, I felt like one tile may be the size of my astronaut… it was very disorienting. I’d like to see the developers increase the size of the tiles so they feel like they are “right-sized” to allow me to fit in a one wide, two high, doorway.The interface delay made things frustrating, which made the depletion rates of my oxygen and power seem much more accelerated than they really were. Also, it took 2 seconds for a click and drag operation to drop the item into the slot once I let go of the button… that drove me up a wall while playing.Playtime, I wasted over 60 minutes of in-game time trying to check the server list to see if my dedicated server was working. It took me 2 minutes to get to the server list every time I launched the game, then over 2 minutes to load the server list just to see if my server was listed... I wasted a lot of time on this process.I was able to play for about 20 – 30 minutes, but it was not fun. I felt nothing but disappointment when I was expecting something awesome based on the store page, videos and screenshots. I really wanted to love the game, but I’m approaching the time limit for a refund and I just don’t feel like the game is ready for me yet.As of June 25th, 2017, I do not recommend it in it's current state. I’ll keep an eye on it, but I won’t be back until the Windows Server files are fixed, stable, and can be downloaded via SteamCMD with an anonymous logon (like 7 Days to Die, Empyrion Galactic Survival, Eden Star, ARK, Conan, and many, many other). I’ll need the UI delay to be fixed, and I’ll need the scaling of the tiles to better represent their size in relation to mine.PS – I run a very powerful machine so the delay was not a computer hardware issue. My GTX 980’s were pulling over 200 FPS so I’m certain that this is something that needs to be fixed by the developers… I’m sure they will get there, and the sooner the better :D"
,Not Recommended,462440,32009820,Posted: 27 May,all,Da_Synasta,"###Second Review####OK.. tried and tried again.. i give up.. done.. i want to like it i dio.. but at the end of the day it just doesnt have any content.. sure.. there is overly complicated menus...lots of clicking and clicking and dragging.. Plus a ton of running around looking at the same stuff..So . If you Love clicking and dragging with no goals this game is for you . Sure they dumbed down recipes ..but that was never the real gripe.. it was the actual INTERFACE of the tools not the end results.  After Runing around 4 zones looking for a material with the propper heat abilty to make a heat filiment as always HUGE lag spike while running dropped me off a cliff ..so No i wont be coming back . If the game launched its Alpha as it is now.. i wouldnt have had such a sour taste for the game.. too little too late . there are so many other games with actual things to doI RECOMEND you buy those games instead .###First Review###First and foremost Do Not buy this game as yet ! Early access indeed. TOO early if you want my honest opinion. Entirely too many game stopping bugs. Server crashes every few minutes or few hours.no reasons why . Opening storage. You might crash . Crafting or placing crafted items may or may not crash you or the server.The complexity of the game is great... to a point. The multitude of tools used to craft items is awesome BUT. Huge BUT the click and dragging of tools to your minute tool belt is tedious. You spend most of the game in out of the game and in a menu or inventory trying to bounce between tools.Now on to repairing them . Again 400 clicks and misclicks and your item is repaired. BUT its still in the wrench. So you must click and drag yet again . If you are clicking the 2-5 items check boxes and misclick and click just next to the little box it knocks previous items out of check. So wash rinse repeat So you can craft and create a million and one things but you can't make a compass? You can create a solar panel from scratch but you can't tell what direction a friend is ?I will admit I am slightly fascinated by the complex crafting. Just sick to death of the swapping of tools and micro managing of them. That combined with the crashes and instability of the game my me feel like this is pre-pre-alpha.Fixes that would improve the game to playable1. If i have the materials need to craft something don't make me drag it to the tool to craft it . Give me shift click to place items or just auto fill them.2. Give us a 10 slot tool belt why 5 when there are more than 5 tools.... not to mention the weight of the tools... Also with the wrench just have the item go back to original slot. Fix the click throughs or remove the clicks all together. And repairing wires that you placed is absolutely F'ing ridiculous. There is just entirely too much micro micro micro management.3. Servers and stability need SERIOUS I mean serious fixing on stability and crashes.4. ADD Creative mode and single player period. Its near impossible to craft and do 1/10th the stuff in game with the crashes and wipes from crashes that the game is unplayable.Would Love to play the game really.. but it is unplayable .. I play many early access games , never have i been so frustrated and disappointed . Especially with a game that shows great potentialTo those of you who think the game is too pricey.. wow.. really?"
,Recommended,462440,31795754,Posted: 16 May,all,Sarcoth,"ROKH has a lot of potential.  Don't bother with reviews from people that put less than 2 hours into this game.  I spent all my time yesterday learning the ins and outs and I haven't even cracked the surface yet.I've played a lot of different crafting, base building, and survival games.  This one (ROKH) mostly resembles Osiris: New Dawn and Empyrion - Galactic Survival.  The difference between ROKH and Osiris is that ROKH appears to only have environmental survival where Osiris had environmental survival and dangerous encounters.  I have yet to see any types of threats other than survival (water, food, energy, oxygen, and radiation).  Radiation appears to be the biggest one at the moment and I'm trying to figure out how to deal with it.The base building is similar to Empyrion where I get to build every single part of a base unlike Osiris.  The crafting isn't that complex and is easy to figure out.  My favorite part of the base building is that after placing a tile, I don't have to reselect it.  Something that still annoys me in ARK.  I'm anxious to get to the part where I can craft items that allow me to explore far distances.The visuals and scenery are beautiful.PROs:-Lots to learn.  I love trying to figure out new games and how everything works.  ROKH has a lot of material and mechanics that is going to take time to figure out.-Survival Challenge.  The number one thing I expect in a survival game like this is the difficulty in surviving.  At the moment, I think the levels that food/water/oxygen/energy goes down works.  Radiation goes up slowly, but that seems to be the most difficult stat to control at the moment.CONs:-It is somewhat buggy, but this is common with EA games.-Server stability makes it difficult to play, but I did get a straight 4-5 hours of gameplay in without interruption.  I hope this gets better.-I'm not sure of radiation yet.  I think the radiation tablets take away too little radiation.  Perhaps bump this to -10 radiation per tablet.-Radiation levels go up too quickly and down too slowly.  This is mostly an annoyance and not critical...but, a growing annoyance.Check out my playlist of ROKH here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL85ECqDxtoqexvaHvR1U9CE7oOERDNvIc-or- Livestreams here:https://www.youtube.com/user/sarcothhaven"
,Recommended,462440,31790246,Posted: 16 May,all,Rejectz,"This will be a review in progress, i will update it more over the duration of my play time.So, im going to start with this. The game is buggy as hell, broken in a lot of places and simple things are missing, like looking at the options whilst in game and no way to chat with people. It is obvious this is a true early access game and not one labled as one just to give excuses for poor performance.All that being said, i already have a lot of positives. The atmosphere and look of the game is amazing, you truly do get the feeling of being alone. The crafting is incredibly complex and has potential to be significantly deeper than other games in this genre.It feels like they are going for a true realistic feel with the game, where technology/science are on par with what you would expect from trying to colonise mars.Like i said, it is a true Early access game and that can be seen in a lot of places. This is the only reason i have given it a possitive so far, as i can't give it a negative rating based on things missing, when that is the whole point of early access.As i play more and see how development goes in regards to fixes and updates, ill update my review to reflect this"
76561198059384960,Recommended,462440,32796404,Posted: 25 June,all,oly91,"even after seeing the reviews I still wanted the game and in the last month the best deal was at steam summer sales, the game has potential to become great, haven't encounter the server issue that others are complaining, maybe it's fixed. Needs a bit of improuvment, some sort of vehicle, a bit of PVP+PVE maybe, but even at this point it's a great game, too bad that there are not many ppl on the servers, in 10 hours i encounter only 1 player, helped him a bit with some resourses and ran away.... great gae, I love it!"
76561197960889835,Not Recommended,462440,31872628,Posted: 20 May,all,Dio,"Update Sept 23 2017Game is still beyond broken and delware have fired the company devloping the game so the new ones have to fix all the broken code from all the failed updates since release to early access and still no workable windows dedicared server sadly.as of now my personal thoughts are this game will not make it to beta becaus delware who hold the ip to the game and no devs inhouse for the game they are shoveling out  for way to much money that i was stupid enough to pay sadly they will run out of income from this concept of a game and move on as i doubt sales will keep up for them to keep replacing devloper companys to fix other companys lazyness. there is a severe lack of quality control and from what they allowed to be shoveled out since release in may as updates i think they have no in house testers either.I also believe i should have gotten and should be offered a damn refund due to false advertising when i bought this thing as i got it for either single player which they conviently removed few weeks after i purchased it or to play with a friend or 2. but nope i cant even play with my friends on my own pc as they are not on my network and windows server still has not been released but thats ok i wasted money on this why not wast more on a gportal server to play with a friend on a private server of my own.Revising my review to why i do not recommend this overpriced ""concept of a game""- Unstable Offical Servers Rarly Up for more then an hour without Crashing- No real singleplayer (launching local server does not work)- Repair system feels totaly broken and just thrown in as if you attempt to use a wrench to repair a machine in your base it will likely crash the server or lock that machine into your wrench so you have to relog to fix the next and over and over again.- Cannot pickup Machines placed within your base so prey you placed the frame with the right orientation.- Cannot secure doors or storage chests so anything you dont exit the game with on you is likely to be raided.- No ingame chat text or voice- No Windows Dedicated server program so either you pay for there gportal host or you learn linux   (which sucks in my case as the local aka single player server does not work on my pc thus if i wish to play with as few servers crashes and as little decay aswell as being able to secure my work i need to rent a single slot server with password protection)- Crafting is VERY tedious i should not have like 10 tools maybe more and a 5 slot toolbelt being forced to switch between them in order to craft something as simple as a battery charger.- Any Base Equipment placed and build does not designate its orientation so its a random guess which way you have to wire it up.- there is currently no way of making a perment location on the map of your settlement.- Serverly limiting 2000 tile count for Bases (theres no way the bases in the storepage advertisement are 2000 or less tiles as a small cube took well over 600 and thats 3 lays of roofing because aparently one layer does not block out radiation.- Jetpack and running are pointless they both dont work worth a damn running is a very minor change of pace. and the jetpack works randomly other times you can hold space bar and use all fuel and your guy just falls after you jump.- Meteors Have a GPS locked in for your location it seems there appearence is definitly not random.- Server Browser takes close to 5 minutes to return any results for servers to join and you cant cancel and pick one you have to wait for it to finish its search.- Large Structures everywhere that serve no purpose.- There is no Food System in place so no farming just magic boxes around the large structures that magicaly appear and have food in them so if you migrate to far from them you will starve to death (should have been ingame way before a stupid decay system)So as you have read above this game is pretty much 90% broken and unplayable I do not consider restarting it every 5-10 minutes due to it just having fatel errors or server crashes.i have paid 27.99 cad for this and so far I beleve it should not have been released to early access for at least another few months maybe even another year considering whats advertised is not whats in game either another soon to be starforge or no mans sky"
,Recommended,462440,32032552,Posted: 28 May,all,Subzero,"Fun game to play with people you know, still EA and has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,462440,31793744,Posted: 16 May,all,flacwby,"I just love these negative reviews with 0.3 hours in game, or even 0.8. Anyone who writes a review and hasn't even played a full hour is a joke. So I ignore everyone who has less than 2 or 3 hours in a game. They're just trolls.Anyway, this is far too early for me to post a proper review, but I do want to say that depth is better than I expected, complexity is where I'd expect and difficulty if great as it is NOT an easy game. Just like all good surivival games, you have to WORK to get where you want to go. I truly see a lot of good for this in the future.The content is FAR greater than any other EA game I've seen lately. I'm very pleased with how much there is to do on day one of release. So far no performance issues and FPS is really good."
76561197970438798,Recommended,462440,32186300,Posted: 4 June,all,B00G1E,"First off whilst i wholeheartedly reccomend this game do not buy it if you expect to be able to do everything straight away the crafting system is a game all on its own and the learning curve is insane ,don't think you will be able to craft a nuclear reactor with 2 twigs and some sticky tape like some survival games you earn every single piece of equipment you make here and for that reason i love it and also hate it at the same time.every single item you build has different components which in turn might need other components and new tools etc etc  so you spend LOTS of time switching between tools to make different items whilst juggling your food,water radiation and power consumption levels and some of the later model machines you build need an insane amount of materials/time to make.So if you like to actually have to think to survive and plan and react in a game realistic way then buy it now it will not dissapoint if you want a quick twitch fix then move along this is not the game you are looking for.Prosa very good looking game (unreal engine so no rreal surprise)a huge game world to explorea even bigger crafting tree that you can work throughDevs seem very active and take on board honest feedbackConsGets laggy for no apparent reasonRandom crashesHuge crafting tree that sucks up all your time ( yes its pro and con)overall if your willing to except that it is a EA online game with all the warts that go along with new games in that style and are willing to spend some time with it then go for it , if not then it is most definately one to watch for later."
,Recommended,462440,31790856,Posted: 16 May,all,Carlness,"Looks like it will be a great game, its already quite enjoyable to be honest learning what everything does.its in very early alpha so dont expect a AAA titledev team sound like they are and will be working hard on updates etccant wait to see how it turns outalso seen a few people complaining about being stuck on server list etc, if you turn auto refresh off it works a treatdont give up on it or write it off straight away, if you only have £20 for a new game then buy something else maybe for now, and come check it out in the near future."
,Recommended,462440,31808880,Posted: 17 May,all,Cofresi,"Pleasantly surprise!I was pretty skeptical to jump in to this title in its early access phase. But I'm glad I did.Lately the early access is a bit saturated with the survival/sandbox genre that slowly comes to a crawl in the update department. ROKH however stand out with a breath taking landscape and its deep level of crafting.  It has a realistic feel to it.Graphics – Beautiful, truly captures a detail Mars landscapes from the detail texture use in the rocks to the majestic canyons, mountains, valleys and impact craters. Instantly you can tell much love was put into the terrain and you will be drawn to explore. The map is huge, just don’t wonder to far or you will find yourself in a point of no return where if unprepared you will perish as your oxygen or suit battery power runs out. Preparation for exploration is a must to transverse the different terrains. The meteor showers are actually impressive to look at. Specially as your venturing about and you get caught near a meteor shower and you see them impacting around you. The environment feels deadly and its desolation will become evident soon after playing. Don’t get caught in an unsuspecting electrical storm, sandstorm or a have misstep into a ravine near the ledge of a canyon.Crafting – A deep level of crafting. I have not come across anything this in-depth. It can be a bit overwhelming if you’re not prepared or use to it. If you love a deep crafting system look no further. Example: (Just on Tiles) mining minerals, each has a set of properties. Multiple mineral allow you to build tiles. However, because each mineral has a set of different attributes building tiles from Tin or from Copper will yield a different tile with different attributes protecting you from different environmental exposures at different levels and there durability will also be different. Color of tiles varies depending on what mineral you use. You build and craft base on your needs and level of protection you require. Not just a cookie cutter building game. Fully creative structure freedom.GUI – User Interface is easy enough to understand and is easy on the eyes. Not much flare nor, fancy icons or colors. Each tool you craft will bring up its onset of menus. It can be a bit confusing remembering what tools crafts what. Many recipes or parts building rely on each other to build a final product. This area needs some polish. Specially dealing with navigation and bringing up menus when having a tool in hand.Story – NO SPOLIERS - Although it is an open survival/sandbox crafting game it does have a hints of a story, giving you further incentives to explore your surroundings. Voice implemented into some of the logs would be a great idea.Multiplayer – The ability to see other players and see their building in progress work just fine in-game. While playing I ran across another player and walked around each other used the jet pack, animation seems good. One thing that would be plus would be able to see animation related to actions. ( Example if a player is typing txt . you would see him using the arm keyboard or if crafting you could see him moving in certain way related to what he is doing.. However we could not chat since they haven’t implemented one yet. It has been mentioned it will be out within the upcoming patches. Finding you’re previously played server can be a bit buggy and will take several attempts at a refresh. Should implement a favorite or previous player type of category. Also should add a single player’s menu area. Not having the ability to select single player mode from the main menu is a bit annoying if you did intent to play single player.Content – As it stands in its early access form it has enough meat and potatoes to meet your exploration, survival, crafting needs and plenty of eye candy.Keeping in mind it still in early access and it will have bugs. The community feedback and bug reporting will make for a better finish product, also taking consideration ROKH is been develop in partnership with Darewise Entertainment and NVIZZIO Creations making its early access support worth giving as it has a good starting foundation and good experience. Devs seems to have a guide on things to come with content and updates.So far enjoyed the gaming experience and look forward for things to come!"
76561198049355913,Not Recommended,462440,33799869,Posted: 25 July,all,KittenPurrr,"DO NOT...i repeat DO NOT buy this game in the state its in espically since the latest post they just brought to our attention.taking out single player on the store page a few days after they launched should of been my first clue to not buy this, im not usually one to give bad rating but promising alot of things for launch and not providing it really pisses ppl off when they buy your product and cant even get windows server files to run the game since 99% of your linux servers are always crashing.If and when you ever do get this game back running right AND with WINDOWS server files, then ill reconsider my rating bk to positive, til then......"
76561198191669283,Recommended,462440,31851056,Posted: 19 May,all,₵Ɇ₦₮ɄⱤłØ₦,"Good game so far with lots of potential.I will say though the game does crash sometimes.Here are some tips:1.Try to build an electrolyzer(it allows you to make oxygen and drinkable water out of water)2.When building a pickaxe or hammer etc.use a material that is mineable. NV is pretty annoying to find as its only insupply crates and not minable (from my experience)3.dont stray to far away from your spawn at the begining as it contains usefull beginnersupply crate4.Food can be found in the small supply crates with a green flashing light5.depending on what you make your base out of ex: iron, cassitrite or tinit will look different and some materials can withstand more pressureHopefully i could be of use and enjoy your surviving!"
76561198050934100,Not Recommended,462440,31851548,Posted: 19 May,all,CPT McSleaz®,This game IS NOT ready for early access.- NO in-game chat of any kind- NO singleplayer- Door locks only work while logged in which means as soon as you log out anybody can steal your hard work- The only way to protect your stuff is to rent a private server and put a password on it.Those are things that should have been dealt with before early access. With problems like that right from the start I Can't reccomend giving these guys your hard earned cash. Check back at Christmas :)
76561198210344241,Recommended,462440,31797602,Posted: 16 May,all,ASH,"Here's my first 36 min of experience in Rokh :--Joined a server-Landed on Mars-Started roaming aimlessly collecting supplies.-Came across a group of other players.Everyone stopped what they were doing and just kept staring at me.I've no idea if they wanted me to join them or if they wanted to kill me or if they wanted my skin as crafting material.-Ran away to the top of a hill and started to build...Err...Something.-A giant freaking Meteor wanted something squishy to land on.THE END.10/10 Would get awkwardly stared at again.PROs :-- Huge potential.The list of things they can do with this game is Massive.It will be an interesting journey to see which direction the game goes from here.- A wonderful crafting system.This is my first game in the ""Suvival"" genre and I find the crafting sytsem great and enjoyable.Not too straighforward,not too complex.- Great atmosphere.They really captured the Mars experience.Every step you take is a step towards death(found that the hard way) unless you find oxygen supplies to keep you going.CONs :-No Chat - One of the main things they should add ASAP is a way to interact with other players.Otherwise there'll be more awkward staring and no way to tell friendly from enemies when they add PvP.Server - Haven't found any official Asian server ,so,it is hard for us who lives in Asia to join EU/US server and maintain a stable connection which results in getting randomly thrown out or experiencing a ridiculous amount of lags.This game either will be something great or it will be a disaster(pun?).Either way get ready for a wild ride.P.S - Get in a group as soon as possible.Otherwise you'll be overwhelmed with the amount of work you'll need to do for building."
,Not Recommended,462440,35018875,Posted: 17 September,all,Uncle Benny,"I can't really recommend this game; you can't play locally (singleplayer, as it were), and playing online is a hit and miss affair with finding a server that has people on it. There are also frequent crashes, and the game's responsiveness is somewhat akin to a snail in a tar pit.Wait it out until it's gotten better, but for now, stay away."
,Not Recommended,462440,32359788,Posted: 12 June,all,Rousay,"Looked great - waited for it to come out, and purchased it immediately. Then I played for about an hour, realized how terribly poor the game was, and decided to wait and see if they added some content or fixed obvious simple problems like even swinging a tool to collect materials without feeling jittery. After a month I realized their development team is progressing so slow that this game will not likely be worth playing anytime soon, for me - and I love survival games (thousands of hours of play across many)..........so requested a refund. Woops, mistake: can't request a refund after 2 weeks, next time I'll remember it's not always in my best interest to wait and see whether a game releases better content, and withdraw support as soon as I realize how bad something is. It feels like a tech demo based on mostly pre-fab modules and a standard engine, not a game made by serious game developers."
76561197979993957,Recommended,462440,31814177,Posted: 17 May,all,ZakuraTech,"The early release of ROKH kinda blew me away with the work and creative design the developers put into it.The crafting system is extensive and a delightful, in depth change from more simplistic tell-nothing-look-it-up-on-a-wiki style survival games. Every part can be crafted from multiple materials - all with various effect on durability and utility. Although there are a -vast- myriad of parts and intermediates to sort though, helpful tool tips help you work backwards if you ever find yourself stuck.The initial scavenging for supplies phase can be frustrating to survival game newcomers, but I feel it adds a sense of struggle and desperation as you rifle through scattered pods looking for estential equipment. It efficently and immersively inserts you into the role of a stranded martian colonist. You find yourself making notes of landmarks and resource deposits as you stumble through the red silt, precariously avoiding bright light, while simultaneously missing the sun's hateful rays when the night chill sweeps over in a seamless, terrifying transition.While there are numerous technical faults with the game (it is in alpha status afterall!) - a communicative dev team monitoring forums and live chats has been ultra responsive to the plights of players. Changes have been swift, sweeping and fine tuned to the needs of players.While an overall rocky start, things are coming together in a way that keeps me excited to keep checking in. I end up musing about base building potential towards the end of my shift at work and the game hasn't dissapointed me yet in regards to the delivery its considerable hype."
76561197971130613,Not Recommended,462440,31891800,Posted: 21 May,all,neuronbasher,"Super promising game, but very very pre-alpha stage right now. Super buggy, game crashing, lag, etc. If you are patient enough you can see the bones of what it could become but it's hard to recommend unless you're willing to live with it being very early."
76561198026850169,Recommended,462440,31792108,Posted: 16 May,all,LoveLessAeris,"OKthis game has some well say hard partsBUT this game has a MASSIVE LAND SCAPE OPEN AREA TO BUILD and large crafting optionsthis game is a one to get yes its buggy and has abit of lag but for the most part this game has a great idea MUCH BETTER then some other mars games the harvesting in this game is massive i had well over 15 diffrent types of metal giving me many options to play withthis game will be one to play yes the bugs are in there as any game BUT as the game was releaced today we must give the dev time to update the massive beta test that has happend here do not take the ""Mostly Negative"" and walk away from a really fun game it has alot of potential and we should support it to help it growas the game stands now i would give this a 6/10 ( mainly becuz of lag )i will update this feedback as the game gets betterI DID NOT GET THIS GAME FOR FREE"
76561198404148192,Recommended,462440,33498570,Posted: 13 July,all,JoPare1986,This is a cool game if you are into sandbox games. The freedom in building is huge and the map looks pretty wide as well. I was not able to craft much in my 3h of game play but reading from the news it looks like the next update will fix this. I'll be back in game once its live. The survival aspect of the game makes it hard but I guess as realistic as you can expect from being on Mars.I would love to play with more player to build massive base. Any option to remove the survival aspect would be nice to have.I recommend this game with a lot of potential to become a true sandbox beautiful experience.
76561197970906358,Not Recommended,462440,31876092,Posted: 20 May,all,Thunderbrand,"Unplayable game. Do not waste your money. They list it as single player but still have a dependency on their centralized server list, which I've never seen work.I understand early access, and have many titles that started in that category, but right now there is nothing playable in this game."
,Recommended,462440,31793608,Posted: 16 May,all,RepsaJ,"In the current state the game is not as playable as I would like. But hey! It is day 1 and I have seen worse. Lets start out with the cons;- Difference between playing local and playing normal seems buggy?- Server list, 12 people max in 1 server? That suggests big peformance issues!- This game is difficult, I think the tutorial should be better.- Sooo freaking much to craft, it makes me dizzy! (This is a UI problem, that makes me dizzy)Pro's;- The UI looks nice.- (Most) functionalities work, minor bugs.- The game looks nice!- The learning curve is quite OK :) it feels right.It is difficult to recomment it to other people. But I gave this game a 'yes'. I would recomment it to myself. I know im going to have a fun time with it the following hours / days."
76561198077104768,Recommended,462440,31794640,Posted: 16 May,all,Hi I am Senpai,Please remember this game is Early Access. The game has tons of potential of being a really good survival game. If the deveolpers are willing to update this game constanly I would recommend buying this game. It will be a harder game to play and many different things to be aware of while exploring Mars. My biggest complaint would have to be the servers for the time being. Some servers will only have around 24 players max while other 12 being the max.
76561197968402024,Not Recommended,462440,31811008,Posted: 17 May,all,Imposter,"The game has potential however in its current state it is very frustrating.It took five times before I was able to successfully get into a server. Once I was in, the game is interesting, and the location is pretty. It's somewhat frustrating that you can't do more with all the structures dotting the landscape but hopefully the developers will flesh that out further along in development. There are tutorial prompts while you are in the game that provides most of the info you need to move forward and they aren't time-consuming which is a plus. It looks like the crafting could be interesting with a progression or steps to build more and more complex items or to automate some of the crafting. Unfortunately, the server would frequently not respond for anywhere from 30 seconds to 5 minutes until it finally disconnected after an hour of play.I would say to wait a week or two at this point and see how well they take care of connection issues. If they begin to make progress that's a good sign otherwise this could potentially join the ranks of many early access games that don't deal with bugs that too often detract from fun and interesting gameplay ideas."
,Recommended,462440,31791161,Posted: 16 May,all,RealityAskew,"For those down rating this, the only thing I can think is they have neither the imagination nor intellect to actually appreciate the game.  Is it hard, yes.  Is it rough around the edges, yes.  Does it have immense potential, absolutely.  Am I having fun in it's current state, YES.  One last note, if you aren't able to do something, then read the guide and yes it has pictures."
,Recommended,462440,31795621,Posted: 16 May,all,manuelborghese,"what a promising game.. so realistic !I played only for 1 h but it was a great first Marsian trip ! the map looks so hugeThe possibilities seem infinite, the game is beautiful, lots of details and things to do...For sure I am waiting  lots of improvement and new content (to come) but keep in mind it is only an early access and the team is probably working hard actually to improve our experienceNow I just want to meet some friends and build the best base ever :)keep up guys ! and thxs for this great workcheers"
76561198023555022,Recommended,462440,31932548,Posted: 24 May,all,MONGREL,when i bought this game it said it  had a single player option now it says it dont have single player anymore kinda weird o.0 and dissapointing  that being said the game looks amazing it will be  great when  they have a oceanic server  keep up the good work devs
,Recommended,462440,31988804,Posted: 26 May,all,Gringoloco,"I would recommend the developers to update the system requirements, because I have run it on a I5 2400, with 12 GB of ram and 2 GB nvidia GT740 video card.  And it runs fine, even on the highest graphic quality.Great game.  I hope you will include missions, the ability to craft vehicles.  I have only played 40 minutes, but I have seen enough to know that this is going to be a great game.I will post my video review on my channel tomorrow.  I will place the link in this review."
76561198074037697,Recommended,462440,31789401,Posted: 16 May,all,Mothypants,"Not sure how to rate this game..  there are good things and bad.  I did not play very long, but I feel I played long enough to make a review.  Will edit later, after release couple months from now.--------TLDR BELOW  -----The things needing improvement:Better character selection would be nice; there is only one space man currently.There is currently not a way to chat in game with people.There is not a menu in game for options.Good things:Very good way of making you feel alone.Atmospheric sounds very captivating.Crafting system looks advanced.They have official servers ready for you EU and NA, and RU possible others too.Nice music,Very good graphicsAll in all I would give this game a good 6/10 so far..will edit later when they have updated, but for now, it will sit on my shelf and I will take a peak at it once in a while.  There isn't much going for the game currently other than running around and getting recources.  I didn't get far enough because of some of the early parts of the game because stale after I couldn't do certain things like chatting to other players, and I couldn't for the life of me figure out how to make a pick.The team working on this, I have faith in though, which is why for now I want to keep this game.------TLDR-----Very early alpha stage of game, graphics are great.  Price is high but if you want to support these guys on a game that could be great?  Then why not.  If my buddies all wanted to play it it might be more fun, but other survival games still call me back."
76561198071815827,Not Recommended,462440,32507918,Posted: 17 June,all,Techcat,This game has so much potental maybe so day it will be ready to for the masses but for not it is not playable. The only way you can this game is through offical or privet servers. their offical servers go off line for days at a time and if you want to play you are forced to start over on another server.They really need a have a solo option that does not require you to set up a server.
,Recommended,462440,31794625,Posted: 16 May,all,PENAPENA,This game has a deep crafting system and it's day one.  You guys need to relax a bit and let the devs do their work.  I recommend it to those interested in the space genre or survival genre.
,Recommended,462440,31792612,Posted: 16 May,all,Evan-Over-Gaming,Its a great game! It just came out so there will be as any other game bugs and glitches. But they are all working on that as we speak. The gameplay is nice. The Storms are sudden and scary. Like I said since the game JUST came out there are bugs in loading sometimes but they are working on it. The game itself I give a 7/10 and im sure that they are going to add so many more gameplay options maybe pvp servers or aliens you have to fight off. when they add that stuff the game will be a 9/10 in my books.~ EvanAMCon youtube
76561198025166934,Recommended,462440,31911422,Posted: 22 May,all,Little Winter King,"Beautiful game. I played with a friend, and as soon as we were teched up enough to get our oxygen, we went exploring. Meteor showers, dawn/dusk, and the southern vistas of the map are especially beautiful.It's a bit buggy, sure, but it's an early access title in the first week or so. I suspect they'll sort things out the more people are hammering it. Otherwise, seems to have a good foundation for adding more features later (like those nice rovers laying around or a plant growing system)."
76561198040164920,Recommended,462440,31794354,Posted: 16 May,all,British Bulldog,"Show's a great deal of promise, yes it's buggy but runs pretty smooth, graphics are brilliant and atmosphere is cool, before people judge this game, remember it's​ a very early access! you all know how this works? Don't judge it because it doesn't have a lot of content, give these guys a chance, don't criticize just because you've nothing else to do."
76561198380874655,Recommended,462440,31803347,Posted: 17 May,all,EdwardOhMyGod,"Rokh has a great potentialMap size is huge, crafting possibilities are variousGraphics and Mars exploring athmosphere are nicely rendered!Yes, some lag and bugs, but it's early accessWaiting for the vehicles and other improvementsWill update this review later onWell done so far and keep the good work!"
76561197995961979,Recommended,462440,31907196,Posted: 22 May,all,Sing,"Life on Mars.... at last. I personnally enjoy craft-centered gameplay, which makes you feel like a true survivor. Can't wait for the upcoming updates. Very promising early access."
,Recommended,462440,31795513,Posted: 16 May,all,ketmonkey,"Just started playing and can see the prospects of this game, it is very good and does take a bit of time to work out how to use all the tools (but then so did Minecraft) but can see it being an excellent title.Servers are a bit of a pain as they can drop out so will have to investigate how you can do your own."
,Recommended,462440,31795022,Posted: 16 May,all,Verazon,"Anyone saying there is nothing to do in this game yet is more than wrong, I think people simply do not want to put the time and effort in to this game. Do not expect this to be a replica of another sandbox survival game. Yes there are similarities but this is completely different.This game is only for the true survivors, not for the weaker hearts.11/10 will die and lose hours of progress again."
,Recommended,462440,31922834,Posted: 23 May,all,JDW,"I'm still at the begenning of the game but I can already see its potential. Usually, EA games have a few hours of playable material but lack in complexity or depth. Here it is quiet the opposite. It's true that the game will need (and most probably get) some polish but the content is already huge in term of crafting and building possibilities.I'll continue to play and follow the updates because this game could be the ""ark in space"" what I've always wanted."
76561198000427159,Recommended,462440,31818148,Posted: 18 May,all,Yargar,"II. After patch is good. Game start be playable. I build cooper house and craft a lot of things. This game have more vrafting than in Ark, less fight, so for me is very good option.Now i looking some item to tool and start doing tier 3 items ;-) Funny like sh*t... sometimes only server kick me._______________________________________________________________________________I. My start in ROKH:55 minuts loading game, crashes, starting server (even play local i had problem to connect), another bugs10-15 minuts I'd playing game. Game have big potential to grow like Ark: Survival Evolved which i played 700 hours. But now is completly unplayable.My positive is given in trust to developers and vs. much negative opinions. This 15 min. in game show that game be very funny and allow to start another new adventure after Ark, but devs must do something with bugs. If they do nothing fast negatives destroy this games, because stop sales."
76561198093102341,Recommended,462440,33165292,Posted: 2 July,all,T R77,"Early days yet, but in quiet anticipation of full development.I recommend this game, but not for everyone. You have to have a brain to enjoy it! The crafting system is in-depth and articulate (and long may it remain so). Visually stunning, the potential of this game to be absolutely Epic is obvious. Admittedly it takes a while to master the basics, and the tutorials don't go into as much depth as is needed to progress to frames and machines in habitats, so you will have to tinker a bit and have some patience. If you get stuck, YouTube offers some assistance in this regard however. I am most excited to see what will be included in the final release. Vehicles and hydroponics labs come to my mind.You will notice in the reviews, those that play this game long enough to pick up the 'assmebly required' skillset of the game, tend to rate it quite well."
,Recommended,462440,31947664,Posted: 25 May,all,the_soulburner,"The graphics are really good, i can definitely see myself spending countless hours in this game once they add PvP and PvE."
76561198008536512,Not Recommended,462440,32280185,Posted: 8 June,all,Steve,"Still no single player, can not create local server, work around that dosnt work. Skip this one until the Dev's actualy address this issue."
76561198147271074,Not Recommended,462440,32834506,Posted: 26 June,all,LOLREN,"Don't get me wrong, this game has a lot of potential. But right now it is just unplayable and I'm asking for a refund. I might buy it again if it actually becomes playable. But for now i don't recommend it."
,Recommended,462440,31904633,Posted: 22 May,all,Happy1000,"Very nice! The game is beautiful and the mood on Mars is really well made. The craft and building systems are really interesting, pretty deep actually.I think it will be the next important survival game.It's just an early access so I can't wait to see what's coming next (specially the pvp).So cool!"
76561198388407284,Recommended,462440,31795899,Posted: 16 May,all,rominou,"OK, I gotta say the artistic work is breathtaking. I also like the sophistication and ergonomy of crafting ; this game is obviously very ambiyious in term of immersion, you feel alone and stressed - yet impressed by the crazy landscapes. Hit the jetpack at dawn, you'll get what I mean. Can't wait to ride some martian vehicules and collaborate with fellow martians"
76561198030884984,Not Recommended,462440,33621272,Posted: 17 July,all,Martin,"The game is a worthwhile game to buy... but only, if you're a really hard core player.  As it currently stands I would not recommend this game to casual players or the younger generation.  You need to think about how to play.  You need to think alot during play.For an EA this is the most unstable game I've ever seen.  For a survival game it is not only extreme grinding and involves an awful amount of legwork, but it's essentially a die to win game, ie you learn the game by dying alot.  Once you know what to do.. it is fairly easy.   The difficulty is really just a lack of information, no real tips on playing, there's a very basic help system, explaining the basics of gameplay.   But no real help either from devs or players.. it's just go out and endlessly explore.Well I've died now 12 times on 8 servers, when you die you need to wait awhile before you can even play on the same server again, if you're with friends.. hard luck.  The ingame chat breaks after the first crash, so you'll need discord etc. (You can actually just make a new character with the same name and continue using your old stuff)At it's core it is a nice idea, but the game devs have started out with an insane learning curve and I have no idea how many mugs bought the game, but there's on avg only about 10 people playing it at a given time.Unless you really like being punished for some unknown crime.. give this a wide berth for a few months to a year.  It might get better down the line.. but I can't recommend this right now.Tonight alone, the server I was on crashed about 50 times in 10 hours of gameplay.. it really is a joke.I have perservered and now played over 50 hours.  It is a great game to play, the layers of machines available makes it fairly complex, it isn't really that complex, if you watch the avg braindead youtuber complaining about needing multi tools because it's too hard for them to pickup a rivetgun instead of a wielder.. imagine how they'd do in a car mechanics garage? Where there's several hundred different tools.  And dozens of complex tools.Now compare this to Rohk.  You have 2 assembly tools and 1 builder tool, a crowbar for picking stuff up and basic salvage, a repair tool and a pickaxe.  Not confusing much is it?There are 13 additional machines to make as workbenches.  As well as solar panels and some wiring systems to setup.  There's also some piping systems to design and setup, the ability to gain oxygen and water from the atmosphere and to pressurise your house so you can live in it.  There's around 104 resources to choose from.. some are pretty useless others extremely useful.   You need to build and rebuild machines to further improve them.  You need to explore to find rng resources, you need to work out how to access certain areas...This is a game where you will need to THINK.. and if that isn't an easy thing for you.  Do Not Buy it."
,Recommended,462440,31911337,Posted: 22 May,all,Falling,"Really spectacular environmental art and lighting, especially considering there is basically unlimited render distance... you can see the sun coming up over the horizon and watch the shadows shift in real time. Amazing!"
76561197971156409,Recommended,462440,31844372,Posted: 19 May,all,Ghostmaker1911,"You've crash landed on mars with only your tool being your brain.  Your oxygen, radiation, food, and water slowly begin to tic away.  You see some crates nearby so you investigate.  Water, oxygen, and a screwdriver?  You slowly but surely begin to engineer your way out of the mess you're in.  12 hours later, you've got a solar panel on the roof of the tiny room you've built yourself and begin crafting more and more tools and materials.In the distance, you see another small hastily made dwelling so you check the door.  The door is unlocked so you go inside.  The room is loaded with containers full of materials and tools.  Survival is a dirty business so you load up on the essentials and haul it back to your small room.  You use the materials you ""found"" to craft a series of crates .  You fill the crates with the rest of your loot and check the locks on your door so you never have to endure the same misfortune as that poor survivor.Door Lock Simulator 2017Pros:EXPANSIVE CRAFTING SYSTEMDETAILED GAME WORLDJET PACKSHUGE ENGINEERING PUZZLES AND FEATSREALISTIC SURVIVAL AGAINST THE ELEMENTSDIFFICULTFUNPROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT TEAMCons:NO CHAT OR GLOBAL COMMUNICATION WITHIN THE GAME (coming soon?)INSTABILITY OF SERVERSCLIENT CRASHES FROM UTILIZATION OF CORE GAME MECHANICS (Wires and assembly machines.)INABILITY TO PERSONALIZE CONTROLSWONKY UI (pretty bloated and counterintuitive.  plain Jane really.)What keeps me coming back?The sense of adventure and survival.The mining and refinement or ores.Vast crafting system focused on creativity as well as linear tool making.The devs have stated PVP, farming, robotics, and vehicles are on the road map.Popping your helmet off in a double sealed pressurized room while you plot your next project while eating dried mangos.8/10 so farI will update my experience as the patches roll out.LOCK YOUR DOORS!"
,Recommended,462440,31818691,Posted: 18 May,all,Bear,Game is early access.. so far im very impressed with its simple yet very indepth crafting system (learning curve :)) servers are not great (crashing out of servers alot).. its been 3 days.. so im not shocked.. i will keep playing. no ingame chat no pvp no interaction with new people.. you see them derping about and thats fine by me.
76561198015794288,Not Recommended,462440,31861891,Posted: 20 May,all,FapandNap,Too simple atm. Great base for a game but there is no lvling. I feel they need more objectives. I would wait till more content is added to buy this game.
,Recommended,462440,35253409,Posted: 27 September,all,Dink,"I must say that this game is not for the casual gamer looking for an easy game.  This game is complex and requires a lot of planning to succeed.  I broke down and started up my own server and I'm happy I did.  The game is running very smooth with zero crashes so far.  Starting out is very slow with little help explaining how to get going. I honestly liked that, it made for a great challenge to overcome that drew me in to the game."
,Recommended,462440,33337567,Posted: 7 July,all,Elite Cat,I love this game and been waiting ever for release ever since I came across it on google last year and it was well worth the wait. I can't access option menu yet without crashing the game but thats the only problem I have bumpped into but that happens with new games we can't expect them not to have some errors.
76561198109042809,Recommended,462440,31814009,Posted: 17 May,all,Helsinky,"I hav'nt played 1.3 hrs.  it took nearly 1.2 hrs to get into the game. Too many game breaking problems right now, when I was able to play. I think they released the game to early, and it could cause a potentialy good game to fall. I won't thumbs down yet, but I also won't be playing it again for a few months.  They will have to fix the game before they can even think about content right now. I would wait before buying."
,Not Recommended,462440,33620104,Posted: 17 July,all,Ebon Drake,"Keep trying to play this game somehow... Uninstall seems to be the only thing that actually works.. (Had to reboot though first because for some reason the game just sat and said 'Cant uninstall, the game is currently running.')Was hoping for more.. too bad it's been a couple months since I purchased it, with only 0.2 hours I'd ask for a refund.."
,Recommended,462440,31891171,Posted: 21 May,all,Ruto,"For early access I think this game has a lot of potential. Persoanally I quite enjoy survival games and I really want to see what they do with it. It already has some interesting perks, of course some things need to be worked on. But it's still early access, give it some time."
76561198019665464,Recommended,462440,33493878,Posted: 12 July,all,Pipou,"I absolutely love the fact that you have to figure out everything by yourself. The absence of clear guidance enhance the feeling of beeing lost on an hostile world.The sound design is very good and the survival mechanics are both interesting and legit.The UI could be improved though, as sometimes some white text overlaps on other white text, creating white kebufcp'""iyv.I really hope it will keep improving !"
76561197964186104,Not Recommended,462440,33815516,Posted: 26 July,all,Paul,"Just don't buy this right now. While the core gameplay is very compelling to me, the game is a buggy mess that shouldn't have been released yet, even on early access. Every game you play will eventually be corrupted into an unplayable state, it's incredibly frustrating having to restart again and again. If they manage to turn it around, I'll happily give this a good review. But I'm not necessarily confident that they will, so best to save your money until then."
,Recommended,462440,35090487,Posted: 20 September,all,BackToPokeball,Loading screen forever.Good game.
76561198402559454,Recommended,462440,33369111,Posted: 8 July,all,nsekrigame,"Ok so I waited to buy the game because of the early reviews then I read how the developers interacted with the community. In particular, I read one of their comment talking about their experimental version with the new crafting UI and recipes changes etc... OMFG It's so different. You get faster to the cool part (advanced crafting and building) and no more crappy UI (I mean it can still get better but...) Game is still buggy (couple of disconnections) but it's like night and day. Now I'm excited, definitely supportive and can't wait for the next updates."
76561198138017073,Recommended,462440,32219079,Posted: 6 June,all,Privaterusty,"nearly 100hrs in and bugs aside i adore this game(early access).heavey on design,crafting and science and lite on the combat.very refreshing."
,Recommended,462440,31828794,Posted: 18 May,all,ImmortalMachine,"I am having a good time, the servers are unstable, but it's a day and a half old... Blizzard had problems for weeks after Diablo 3 launched ""Error 32"". I am enjoying the game though, All of the little bits of tools and possibilities of items to build is fun. I am getting quite profecient at building a shelter, and plan on designing grand structures. ---Update--- A small update, servers are now stable for me, and I am having a good time figuring out how to propperly find the correct combinations to build tools, components, and experimenting with items. Working on building a solar panel. Having a blast... just make sure to keep an eye on your vitals."
76561198402551434,Recommended,462440,33306823,Posted: 6 July,all,camvintat,"After struggling to connect to an official server, I finally got in the game and really liked the atmosphere! This is a different type of survival game, in which you have to use your brain! It takes some time to get used to the crafting system or to understand how to create a base. But once I had, I felt that this game has a lot of potential!I would love that the devs add quickly some cool content like rovers to drive on this really big map of Mars!"
76561198126907619,Recommended,462440,31893283,Posted: 21 May,all,Falconshank,"Been playing this after coming off of Take On Mars (also on Steam) and I like what I see so far. The two titles are comparable because they both take place on Mars but that is where the similarities end. TKOM is not as deep but I find it to be more realistic and immersive. Rokh is more visually appealing and the crafting is way more complex and dare I say it rather tedious.I found myself stuck between a Rokh and a hard place when it came to power generation. I'm still stuck there as a matter of fact and I have gone through the official Wiki (Not updated) and the discussions on Steam and have found nothing on the subject. My problem is that I can't make a Roll bender to make the solar panels to make electricity because the required Metal Press to make said said solar panels needs power.  Don't worry about me though. I'll bash my way around until I get some power going as its probaly obvious and I'm missing something. That goes a long way in explaining how intricate the crafting system is. I get the occassional bug like ""Not compatible item"" or something once in a while but it let's me click it away so not really bothered by it.I want to touch for a momment on the invisible rocks/force fields I am finding in the game. From time to time I will be traipsing along the Martian lanscape looking for the next great vista and all of a sudden I'm stopped in my tracks by some unseen obstacle. I say hello to the unmapped rock and continue on my way unabashed.The survival mechanics are great. Rads will kill you, you may suffocate once or twice, and you can surely die of thirst but with all the advanced tech in this game why the hell do I have to recharge my suit so often? Makes me think of my Mr. Buddy propane heater I take camping that runs for like 5 hours on one tiny cylinder. Whatevs devs... Its your call.I have been playing ""Local Server"" and it takes about 10 minutes to see my server on the list for those who were wondering. So patience is needed for some of us.This game will be great I have no doubt. The developers are active and engaged with us in the community and that says all for an Early Access title. Hey thanks for bringing this game out early!Is it worth $25? Sure. Will it be worth $60 in 6 months? Probably. Are there bugs that make you want to rage quit and shoot up a Starbucks? Definitely, but that's what makes these Early Access games so exciting! Whenever game breaking bugs happen I just tell myself ""We knew Mars wasn't going to be easy."""
,Recommended,462440,31816610,Posted: 17 May,all,Sporkmonger,"Basically unplayable and yet I really, really want to. There's clearly an amazing game here. It's just buggy as hell. Buy at your own risk, but you should still buy to support development and because it's really not *that* far away from being both awesome and playable."
,Recommended,462440,31797577,Posted: 16 May,all,DjWinchester,"I like it.It's very much early access, but no game breaking bugs.After a slow start of supply drop looting, I had fun getting into base building. Once you start adding workstations to streamline crafting the game picks up. The atmosphere the game has is good too.This game shows a lot of potential and i'm looking foreward to when I can become the next great martian potato farmer."
76561198122815451,Not Recommended,462440,33706254,Posted: 21 July,all,Sargent Cobra,i dont know were to begin. the ping is horable on all servers even the officale ones there is no single player mode witch i was hoping for and did i mention the ping is a steady 480 on most servers while the worst ones are at 888 ping
76561198056802988,Not Recommended,462440,32722576,Posted: 24 June,all,Marine Parade,"This title has been on my watch list for some time. I had read all the negative reviews about the server issues etc. but decided to take a punt on it anyway. Well...what a dissapointment!I didn't get these basic server issues with Osiris when that launched in it's beta stage(s). I mean, I had barely configured the controls (lefty you see) and I experienced my first server crash. I decided to try a stand alone game and that still crashed.I can't comment on any gameplay as I haven't actually had any! I'm not going to ask for my money back as I'm keen for the devs to get this game up and running - the premise has potential you see but what were they thinking releasing it out there in the public domain at this stage...?I can only recommend you to buy this whilst it's highly discounted on steam and then sit tight until it's really ready for beta....god knows when that will be tho'"
76561198017004514,Not Recommended,462440,33622208,Posted: 17 July,all,makau,"Awful... plain and simple. Gonna get a refund and then put it back on the wishlist. If the Devs don't abandon it, may pick it back up after this nightmare they call early alpha."
,Recommended,462440,31812376,Posted: 17 May,all,soft boy,"In many ways, the work of a critic is easy. We risk very little, yet enjoy a position over those who offer up their work and their selves to our judgment. We thrive on negative criticism, which is fun to write and to read. But the bitter truth we critics must face is that, in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is probably more meaningful than our criticism designating it so. But there are times when a critic truly risks something, and that is in the discovery and defense of the new. The world is often unkind to new talent, new creations. The new needs friends. Last night, I experienced something new, an extraordinary game from a singularly unexpected source. To say that both the game and its maker have challenged my preconceptions about fine design is a gross understatement. They have rokhed me to my core. In the past, I have made no secret of my disdain for Peter Molyneux's famous motto: 'Wow, there's some very, very big things happening with Fable.' But I realize, only now do I truly understand what he meant. Not every game can be great, but a great game can come from anywhere. It is difficult to imagine more humble origins than those of the genius now making Rokh, which is, in this critic's opinion, nothing less than the finest game on Steam. I will be returning to Rokh soon, hungry for more freeze dried peaches."
76561198396136154,Recommended,462440,32417762,Posted: 14 June,all,Cha_Ben_AL,"Lots of potential. Liked the graphics and the map. Navigation (exploration element) nicely developed. There are also lots of things to craft, and the realistically spent resources (air, liquids, hunger, all of those) are neatly designed.  Changing weather conditions are cool as well. Overall, enjoyed the game."
76561198401469270,Recommended,462440,33265424,Posted: 5 July,all,Coublence,Minecraft for grownups.Time to grow up. Time to buy it!
76561197994969531,Recommended,462440,31892536,Posted: 21 May,all,TheScumpadour,Great and completely underrated game.Totally worth my money.
,Not Recommended,462440,32749818,Posted: 24 June,all,azdesertmike,Do not buy this game at this time release too early hard to get on a local server you have to use task manager to close steam so the game will stop running
,Not Recommended,462440,31825776,Posted: 18 May,all,Drizzt,"Even with all you'll read below, this game is definitely a game to keep in mind as it has a lot of wonderful promises.I played 77 minutes, and yet, I'm gonna evaluate the sh** out of it.Early access doesn't mean you can throw your ongoing project to users like that.To me, it needs to meet some minimum requirements.The game must be Startable.The game must be Playable (And here, I only mean connect/go solo play,  and walk around aimlessly)The game must be Leavable.I'd give it a 1/3.Startable:I was able to start the game flawlessly, even if for some reason, lauching from steam and from the desktop doesn't give the same result.Playable Part 1:I was able to search through servers, connect to one and walk around, so far so g... Woops, why do I can't do anything anymore ?A lag, I guess, I'll just disconnect and reconnect... (Did this 3 times).Well, from here I would still be gentle with it, there's a possibility to do a local server...Playable Part 2:I start the local server and the game crashes, antivirus start to beep like hell...I'm somehow a bit of the kind of guy who puts his hands in it, so I search through the help, find ways to start the server, disable that useless antivirus of hell.Now to start the game... from here I must have spent 30 to 45 minutes, waiting for it to pop in the browser (Multiple retry, search in the help and so on)That's a total fail, but meh, it's Early Access... I'll close it and wait a few month before retrying.Leavable:That's where I lose my sh*t..5 UnrealEngine processes running, mysqld running even though I closed the dedicated server through given procedure.I mean, seriously.. That's basics from development, and I know about this! (I know enough to say I'm free in a few weeks for 1k5€ a day if you need help like teaching programming)That's why I requested a refund."
,Not Recommended,462440,31934867,Posted: 24 May,all,sebo,"with this game there is no such thing as single player.as of right now, this so called single player portion of the game is a complete joke.you have to make a local server which you then join to play single player.. as bad as this already is, there are problems trying to create the local server. it looks like the game was made for online play only, with a tacked-on dysfunctional single player mode that relies on a local network server which coincidentally doesn't work."
,Recommended,462440,31797892,Posted: 16 May,all,Static Sins,"So far this game shows a lot of potential. The crafting and need to find minerals and water is extremely necessary. I'm still in the survival stage of the game. Some things are still very rough around the edges, but hey it's Day 1 of Early Access. To me it looks like the developers want this to succeed, so that means there should be a great future for this game. I'll expand on this review more as time goes by and I learn how to survive on Mars."
,Recommended,462440,31797660,Posted: 16 May,all,kababowie,Exploring Mars and eating dried mangoes
76561198009164134,Not Recommended,462440,32906115,Posted: 27 June,all,daveolon,"First off it looks amazing. But other than that, not a whole lot going on. As others have stated although  it's early access its too EARLY. Has potential in the future. Feels like they dropped this game for a cash grab. Hopefully my 30 bucks is well spent for a future investment on it."
76561198028362123,Not Recommended,462440,31849094,Posted: 19 May,all,Wgairborne,"Ok sorry for the second post, but i just want to list all of the troubles so you guys can improve.-Game will lock you out when you exit out of window to look up stuff.-the door. when you log off it becomes unlocked.-there is no information on how to do much stuff concerning habitats. I still cant find out how to pressurize it.-VERY time consumingIn all, thats some of my troubles with this game."
76561198350889683,Not Recommended,462440,34956810,Posted: 14 September,all,jtmack64,"Hi,Does anyone know of a way to Invert the mouse? I have played inverted (Normal in my book!) for too many years now and find it impossible to play any other way.do the Devs have any plans to implement this? If not I will have to try for a refund as it is unplayable for me. Shame because it looks beautiful and I think it could be fun.I can't reccomend this game cos I can't play it!"
76561198080517380,Not Recommended,462440,33634145,Posted: 18 July,all,Wolf_LTU,"I understand its early access, but crashing every few minutes is horrible and games should not be released in state like this. Learn to code..."
76561197969160739,Not Recommended,462440,33855438,Posted: 28 July,all,[UN] Simon,Has potential but I found it very unstable in current release. Refunded for time being but will keep on radar.
76561198022645460,Recommended,462440,33814981,Posted: 26 July,all,Spirit,when i saw assains creed and forhonor i bought the game but had a gut feeling that it was gonna be like forhonor in a sad state at lauch almost didn't want to comment because it just every one agreeing about a bad game and how sad they are like every other comment box :/ smh plus imo this game might as well be one of the best  sandbox games rust is trash compare to what this has in store
76561198042080963,Recommended,462440,32980193,Posted: 29 June,all,Player 1,"I think my in-game time speaks for itself - Bugs aren't too bad for early access, i'm having a blast. Recomended if you're obsessive."
76561197990259929,Recommended,462440,33510520,Posted: 13 July,all,FaSkiL,"Nice graphics, huge map, can't wait to explore more and build my home."
,Not Recommended,462440,32201296,Posted: 5 June,all,p33kyboo,"Looked pretty good, but after a fiew hours wobbling around i got bored as hell, really does need something more like monsters to fight or something."
76561198260295567,Recommended,462440,33862241,Posted: 28 July,all,Greeven,"Hi!When I read the first analysis about this game my ""sixth sense"" told me not to spend money on another early access game, full of gaps and low quality work.At the same time I felt that the game concept was very attractive and innovative and so I decided to try it.After 13h of play I can say I think it's one of the best survival/crafting games I've ever played.I understand the problem of the crashs, reported by many players, could be very disappointing but I only experienced that in the first day. Now after more than 10 hours playing, did not watch any crash.Just hope the Devs continue to develop the game and be succeed in transforming it into a reference, as it promises to be capable.best regards."
76561198162185550,Recommended,462440,31875093,Posted: 20 May,all,Harlequin,"This game being in early access, there are these expected bugs all over the place, but the gameplay itself is nice. Helps promote interest in space travel so that's cool. Once this gets polished some more, I'll definitely play it over Ark. Cool game!"
76561198003655142,Recommended,462440,31875220,Posted: 20 May,all,DrCandyPants,The ambiance is well made and despite the early access bugs the space immersion is a success.  I recommend playing with friends.  Even by my lonesome I had a blast jumping around Mars and receiving assteroids in the face.10/10 would meteor again.
,Not Recommended,462440,31790694,Posted: 16 May,all,JayToriko,Can NOT recommend this game. I'm sorry but it's really bad. Like nothing about it keeps you from wanting to play it. Building it is tedious but easy. The fact that you can use any material to make anything and still have it the same look..eh.. I'm not sold on it. I haven't encountered much maybe a few other players..but it was mostly just looking in boxes/crates finding materials/and food that doesn't work when you left click it. Can't explore old buildings..they just sit there.. I mean if you leave stuff like that they should be lootable..or breakable..or something. Feels like pre alpha more than Alpha.
76561198100505815,Not Recommended,462440,31820186,Posted: 18 May,all,Whisky,"currently unplayable. OR. playable with extremly low standards of what ""play"" means"
76561198015736104,Not Recommended,462440,31825775,Posted: 18 May,all,Mark,"Stay away from this game till at least Xmas. It IS early issue, but more like a premature baby with 6mths to go. Feotal stage would be a best description.This game should NOT be bought at the current state its in.The people responsible for releasing it right now should be ashamed. Or should be ashamed at charging £20 to alpha test it."
,Not Recommended,462440,31789011,Posted: 16 May,all,Mike Zwo ง℘4ཞ´ʂƙƙ18ʝ,"Can't recommend it right now. Pretty empty and not that entertaining in my opinion.Was hoping for something like Osiris: New Dawn, got No Man's Sky delivered instead"
76561198124779209,Not Recommended,462440,31898580,Posted: 22 May,all,Pinggu,"This game needs alot of work. At the moment it has little content, no chat and buggy game play which is to be expected seeing as it is early access. But at the moment it is almost unplayable, so i can't recomend it in its current state.But it has a ton of potential and i cant wait for its full release. :D"
76561198023807716,Not Recommended,462440,33989587,Posted: 3 August,all,Raging_lunatic,"If you liked no man sky then this game is for you. Bad frame rates Limited game play, Crashes, Server Issues Refund me plz."
,Not Recommended,462440,31812223,Posted: 17 May,all,bunnygum,"In it's current state, not that good.  Probably one of the only games i've seen that deserves the early access title."
76561198037391381,Not Recommended,462440,33995946,Posted: 3 August,all,Devious,I cannot connect to a server because the ping is too high ('times out') and I cannot host a dedicated server because it doesn't appear in the server list.Broken...
,Not Recommended,462440,33636332,Posted: 18 July,all,M3TAL1Z3R,DONT BUY! It has♥♥♥♥♥♥servers and load screens will make skyrim and rust look good. And when and if you load in it wont let you move around or do any thing 0/10 trash.
,Recommended,462440,31862972,Posted: 20 May,all,Stanbery Trask,"it takes 2 minutes for the server screen to load, 10/10 IGN"
,Not Recommended,462440,31817918,Posted: 18 May,all,Freak Mouse,"I`m sorry guys, I know that this game still in early access but THIS is unplayable! I really don`t recommend, at least for now, wait for more updates, a bunch of them... Because so far looks like a prototype."
,Not Recommended,462440,31815606,Posted: 17 May,all,Kemble,"1.5 hours after downloading and installing and I've played a whole 15 minutes.  I really really really wanted to play this game tonight but I have been getting constant network errors, server disconnects, game crashing, game freezing, server browser not showing any servers and when I did manage to get some servers to show up, only 20-30 servers show up, 25 or so are locked and the other 5 servers have 0-3 ppl on them out of 64.  This game is just completely unplayable at the moment.YES, I know what EA is and have played 100+ EA games before, but how can you put out a Steam EA game and not have your netwroking issues ironed out in Alpha/Beta ?Will try this game tomorrow or the next day after watching patch notes to see if they fix their netwroking/connectivity issues and will change my review once I manage to get into the game and play it, but as of today 5/17/2017 this game is completely unplayable."
,Not Recommended,462440,31816856,Posted: 17 May,all,Husky_Himself,"I'd love to give a rave review of this game but I didn't get a chance to play it. I KNOW its early access and that features and gameplay will change. BUT basic core features have to be in place.At time of launch there is no option to invert the Y axis. This makes the game unplayable for me and many other gamers.Some people have worked a fix that means changing a line or two of code but I'm not doing the game developers job for them, thats not what Early Access is about.Also there is no option to re-bind the controls.So as a left handed, want to invert my Y axis gamer....  this game is not ready for launch."
,Not Recommended,462440,31789909,Posted: 16 May,all,Dknighter,"The game lags a ton, constant server lag spikes (fps was fine). The UI is a mess, very hard to work out what to do even with the tutorials. Apart from those things to improve the rest of the game was completely broken. Constant crashing and getting kicked out of servers with no error message, once me and a friend got in we could only craft a pickaxe but couldn't use it on the ores. At the moment the game is barely functional and should'nt have been released.Also the sound effects on the crates are way too loud even with sound on like 2% volume."
76561197974994621,Not Recommended,462440,31791438,Posted: 16 May,all,Rio Deflux,"***EDITED***I want to love this game but in its current state I can't. Normally I don't mind early access games and understand that there will be issues, bugs and the odd quirk but a combination of all three meant I was unable to play that game at all most of the time.(Edit 1) Pros:- Realised that only stating Cons was a bit harsh- Crafting/construction system has the potential to be really powerful, and from what I've seen in the community is employed in a much better way then some other survival games- The fact that elements/crafting materials affect overall quality based on their own characteristics is pretty interesting and I would love to see how that mechanic plays outCons:- Only available through server's, personally I would like to have the choice to either run it locally or play on a server (Edit 2: per dev's response below, there is a workaround for creating a local server, not so tech savvy so didn't know this was possible and wouldn't have known to look for it)- The server browser auto refreshes by default, which happened constantly, which meant I spent my first 10 minutes of the game waiting for it to finish- In game pause menu is limited, i.e. no option to change controls, graphics or mouse settings meaning you have to disconnect and then go back to the server browser and wait another 10 mins which is annoying when you just want to crank the mouse sensitivity up a tad- I experienced quite a lot of freezing and a number of full on game breaking crashes- It's not very intuitive with regards crafting, mining, repairing, understanding material/item stats, I personally prefer to muddle through and learn by doing, not reading half a dozen tool tips (but that's just me)- Value for money is debatable, I am happy to support indies and guys with an idea but something about this just left a bit of a sour taste in my mouth, especially considering where the dev team have come fromAgain I know this is early access but I feel it is still a little too early for me. Once they have spent a couple of months bug fixing and dropping some more content I will be happy to check it out again."
,Not Recommended,462440,31812528,Posted: 17 May,all,JayOnSpeed,"Not ready for human consumption and the fact that the devs thought this was OK tells a lot about the future of this game.Any game released in any state has to meet the following requirements:Possibility of keybinding ( not all keyboards are the same)Mouse sensitivity adjustment option ( specialy when using UE) Its unplayable.When pressing a key for use is silly to see an animation that has nothing to do with we are doing.When mining people shouldn't be locked on the node they are mining.When people hit something that something should somehow change.When mining things keeping the same label in the screen with the same quantity every time makes people wonder if the game is still working.When people left click the animation should start.Tools should not degrade just because reasons.You should avoid the bar babysitting and add something to do in the meanwhile.The icons in the crafting menu and inventory should be easy to identify, with those icons its just confusing. Simple shapes are over used and everything should be more intuitive.I found out why you picked Mars ... because it takes 2 minutes to generate that map and place all its assets.IMO the Devs should have waited and they should have more/better testers before launch. EA doesn't excuse everything that is wrong with the game even in the first day.I know i only played 1 hour and 20 minutes of it was crashing in the server browser where even ordering by player count only works after a few tries, there are no favorites , no last server , no server where you have a character ... nothing, but i couldn't bring myself to endure the pain of playing it more and i still had another hour before the refund timer expired.Maybe one day it will  be worth the money you are asking, just not now, for that price you can get most of the similar EA games on steam and get loads more."
,Not Recommended,462440,31790877,Posted: 16 May,all,Gert B. Frobe,"I can certainly understand the idea that the developers were reaching for, but in its current state that has failed. The modular construction seems like it would be really neat, and the electrical grids intrigue me. But, getting to any of that is just isnt fun.Pros:-The atmosphere is fantastic-The interface looks niceCons:-Creating a private server never worked (for me)-Complete lack of information in the game-UI glitched out on every play attempt-Crafting is boring-Animations are horriblePerhaps I'll give it another shot when they develop it more... (Which I doubt will happen)"
,Recommended,462440,32062123,Posted: 30 May,all,Roadster,Omg this is best game ever!!!Love solar panels energy storages and all
76561198382679750,Not Recommended,462440,32209374,Posted: 5 June,all,davef2g,"don't bother as of 05/06/17 -users cannot access serversgame crashes a lot during loadingfrequent ""you have been kicked from the lobby"" messageslocal single player has been removed due to it not workingno y axis (mouse) inversion or key mappingvery slow to loadserver refresh is very very slow to the point you think it's crashedi never got the chance to actualy play the game so cannot comment on that part.on a plus side the menus and menu music were more than acceptable"
,Not Recommended,462440,31791676,Posted: 16 May,all,Art,"Just another waste of time. Poop optimization, lack of content and horrible interface. Graphics are blurry and pixilated on max settings.While fps is OK, i get constant frame drop when moving.And there is nothing to do in this game too.Specs: GTX 1080ti and i7 7700K."
,Not Recommended,462440,31795879,Posted: 16 May,all,Maxx_Powerbomb,"When you sell a product on steam it should work right? This game didn't for my buddies and I who bought it.-Frequent crashes-Server select is a joke-No vehicles-No aliens or anything to combat-Building small tiles is tedious and boring-Dedicated server set-up is Linux Ubuntu only or gportal which screwed up my server.-No in-game music-Public servers ran like a 3 legged dog-No in-game chat upon launch-no in-game options menu-At $25 this early access game is almost half the price of a AAA title.With so many better games out there that do all this stuff better already why buy this? To support dev's who may take your money and run? Nah, I got my refund today thanks."
,Not Recommended,462440,31792866,Posted: 16 May,all,DANG3R,التقييم خاذا وقت صدور اللعبه ممكن العبه تتغير بعدين لكن حالياً العبه ابو كلب ولا تستاهل اريال واحد
,Not Recommended,462440,31796233,Posted: 16 May,all,Brains_Ironically,"Another ""we'll dump some unfinished pile of crap on people and make *them* test it!  All for a fee, of course.""-Could not connect to most servers-When I did connect:-unable to move-unable to craft any items-one item I was able to craft, pickaxe, wouldn't do anything-suit was using oxygen, but no apparent way to replenish (couldn't craft anything that would replenish oxygen, couldn't get into any of the buildings-Disconnected from servers for no apparent reason, then game froze, couldn't even quit the game.As for only playing 20 minutes before the review, well, I guess if you are an idiot you need a couple hundred hours of standing there, not being able to move or do anything before, before you post a review, but I don't need it."
76561198031359297,Not Recommended,462440,31796303,Posted: 16 May,all,Alien,Havent been able to play a minute. Asked for refund.
76561198220266995,Not Recommended,462440,31798067,Posted: 16 May,all,I Love Cats,"Ok so here it is. I only played the game for 30 minutes. That is all it took ""me"" to find out that it is not for ""me"". Keep in mind I am well aware it is an ea game and I know how those work and what to expect. With that said, there is not enough to do. I found myself bored the second I loaded in. The graphics were just really bad. I had it set to epic on 1440p and It felt like i was playing at 720p. For me the looks of a game matters. Another thing that I did not like was the fact that my hands did not move when i was moving, no game music, and honestly just no point really at all. Maybe in the future the game will have more attractive content. For now I would stay away. At 26 bucks after tax it is just not worth it.The one thing I did like was the fact that you can host your own server. That was all really.Again, this is only how I feel. Some people may like this. I do not.All i really play are ea games and I will not put my time into one of them if they do not show promise from day 1."
76561198029982707,Recommended,462440,32444436,Posted: 15 June,all,Juxter,This game has potential.  The only issue I encountered was being disconnected from the servers.  I started on several servers and after about an hour i get disconnected from the server. I will say that if bugs bother you don't get this. If you understand that bugs are part of this process and if you can give constructive feedback this game will only get better.
76561198272330991,Recommended,462440,32556415,Posted: 18 June,all,NotSoFamous,The trailers look great and all but the game itself just isnt quite there yet. Game has great potential but needs more time. At this moment I wouldnt reccomend this game due to the bugs and crashes. Good luck to the Devs. Im sure this game will be great in the future
,Not Recommended,462440,33727208,Posted: 22 July,all,prozon,"It's probably one of the most challenging builder games I've played and it's good looking too. I would play it a lot, but it keeps crashing and well, it's really unstable.Game is fun, entertaining and there are cool players around. I would love to recommend it, but in it's current state it really isn't playable for other than hunting bugs and waiting for patches. It feel like the early access was released just a few months too early, and devs keep adding features when servers go crawling and clients just crash.And yeah, I put in around 100 hours or so before writing this review. I do hope this game survive, because I really enjoy the concept."
,Recommended,462440,33777149,Posted: 24 July,all,Marc  Nichols229,IV HAD FUN WITH THIS GAME SO FAR IV GOT A SERVER UP  HAD FUN !!!
,Recommended,462440,31788831,Posted: 16 May,all,b 0 t t i n i,"Why do they hate.........  expectaions Vs. Earlly access.......I approve this game,  FuuuuuK dat.*********** *****  and you little ****** with a **** you ******  !"
76561198091937424,Not Recommended,462440,33647889,Posted: 19 July,all,Subterfusilier,"I want to be able to recommend this game. The design is ambitious, from beautiful visuals to the inclusion of realistic chemistry and engineering to advance up the crafting tree and establish a sustainable colony.The problem is it's not currently playable. As ROKH has no offline/singleplayer, you can choose from a couple of public servers or deploy your own, but either way you're likely to start running into problems very quickly. Servers (public or private) are unstable, crashing frequently for a variety of reasons, including serious bugs with basic in-game actions like splitting a stack in-inventory, picking up a construction tile or laying wiring. This includes offical public servers deployed by Darewise/Nvizzio.Recent updates have introduced game-breaking bugs so bad many of the public servers have become unusable, either crashing shortly after joining or not letting you join at all; looking down the official server list it's a common sight to see ""0/12 players, 0/12 players, 0/12 players"". Most of the time I've nominally racked up 'in-game' has been sat in a lobby waiting for a server with one of my savegames to become available again after crashing.Unfortunately, it seems like there's a content vs testing/stability/performance imbalance right now. This, coupled with an over-managed and under-informative community environment (the official wiki is practically empty) means I can't recommend ROKH as it is, even as an Early Access."
76561197969681592,Not Recommended,462440,35348176,Posted: 30 September,all,PolluX,I tried it twice -1st server: i found no battery recharger - nowhere - ran out of 2 batteries...2nd server: found the battery charger - jumped between 2 buildings - stucked - ran out of batterie....Might come back later - half a year or so
