user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,462780,28093336,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Slaanesh,"You see this Bugthesda?!Support for up to 4k video output resolutionDoubled all the texture resolutionsRe-rendered all cutscenes in high qualityRendering improvements and reworkBetter shadow rendering qualityPost processing effectsOptimized framerateWide Variety of Graphic Options (FOV, Postprocessing effects, Anti-Aliasing, Texture Filtering, Windowed/Fullscreen, etc.)Steam Trading CardsNative Steam Controller SupportThis, is a ""Special"" Edition!"
76561198017262099,Recommended,462780,28141278,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Bizzare1991,"I am a simple man. I see Darksiders, i press like."
,Recommended,462780,29240063,Posted: 13 January,all,Atlaimond,"I liked ✔ and Disliked ✗:(+) I was very comfortable with the weapon balance. ✔I could use every weapon and ability well, and non of them I felt too powerful or too weak.(+) I easily remembered the execute combos. ✔(+) The story, the voice acting, and the cutscenes were still amused me, even it was the fifth time for me.  ✔(-) The Boss fights were a little bit annoying for me, because I had to learn how to beat them, and after every death, I had to watch the cutscene again-and-again because of the checkpoint system. ✗(-) One time, I got a Boss fight with low health, and I couldn’t beat it, and I couldn’t go back, because of the checkpoint system. ✗It’s avoidable if you always have, at least one,[Life Vessel], or make a different save file for safety's sake.Crashes / Bugs / Glitches:The”Darksiders Warmastered Edition”worked well at me, without any problem. ✔Windows 10, 64bit.Personal Opinion:At the first cutscene I knew I would like this game. The story was serious enough for me, and I liked every other cutscene, dialogue too.And the game mechanism is very amused me too! The simple combos were easy to execute for me, and the combos’ view were spectacular to see them.And the last cutscene impressed me much. ✔ Then, I knew I had to buy the”Darksiders 2”!I recommend it to how likes:Mystical worlds and stories.Arcade like fight mechanisms.Well written stories, good voice acting, and dialogues.Easy to use control.Achievements:Three achievements are hard to unlock.# The[The True Horseman], it means beat the game on the hardest difficulty.# The[Dark Rider], but I made a guide for them who don’t have Joystick.→ See here! ←# The collectibles could be annoying if you miss just one, but here is an another guide for find it easier!→ See here! ←"
76561198066444729,Recommended,462780,28482138,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,panakon,This version is a direct upgrade to the original game. There is no new content but the graphics are far better. The performance is good and I haven't encounter any problems or bugs. If you haven't played the game you should buy it because its very good and enjoyable. If you already own the original game then this is a good excuse to replay it.
76561198081249962,Recommended,462780,32848326,Posted: 27 June,all,LudTheLumberjack,"If you mix Legend of Zelda, God of War and a tiny amount of Portal in the end, you get Darksiders(+) The combat is fun and feels great. (but the dodge/dash can feel a bit sluggish at times)(+) The Voice acting was really well done. I especially loved Mark Hamil's performance as the watcher.(+) The lore was well tought out.(+) The puzzles can sometimes leave you thinking.(-) When I played this game with a controller the camera movement was a bit slow, even at full sensitivity.(-) Most of the sound effect aren't that great, not awful. But you hear stock sound effects like the wilhelm scream a bit too much.(-) Executions can be a bit repetetive. (1 or 2 per enemy type)"
,Recommended,462780,28082519,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Agent_4Seven,"Amazing remaster of an already amazing game. 95 FPS pretty much all the time all maxed out in 4K + FXAA. But I've seen people complaining about performance on AMD GPUs. So, yeah, you may want to wait for a patch or something if you've AMD GPUs. On NVIDIAs hardware the game runs fine.Update:Performance for AMD's hardware has been fixed in the latest patch:http://steamcommunity.com/app/462780/discussions/0/154642447922267001/"
76561197971033331,Recommended,462780,28614894,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JUDGE.zelgi,"Zelda for adults, especially for those who like dark comic fantasy. Highly recommended!"
76561198198071339,Recommended,462780,31631384,Posted: 8 May,all,srfrogg23,"It's an interesting mix.  It's got a little Legend of Zelda, some God of War, a bit of Doom, and a sprinkling of Diablo, all blended together in a Spawn-McFarlane-esque style.  The over-arching plot is a little cliche, but what happens on a plot point to plot point basis keeps things interesting.  War is basically the stereotypical ""tough guy"", but the supporting cast is what really steals the spotlight.The game starts off slow, but after collecting more weapons and abilities while progressing through the storyline, the pace of combat becomes more frantic.  The depth of the world building also becomes deceptively more intricate.  I'm happy with the purchase and I've been enjoying it quite a lot."
,Recommended,462780,28154353,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Wildcard777,Now this is how you do a remaster. Better everything and runs smooth.
,Recommended,462780,28521429,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Reputation,"I have played this game before it was cool!Jokes aside, I love the very first Darksiders. It's a game of action and puzzles (tho they might bore you in your 4th or later plays). You are one of the four horsemen. What else to say? You should just give it a try. The warmastered edition is not just pretty textures, they fixed the bugs and problems with the PC port.The most important of all, they have ahumble merchant, if you know what I'm talking about!"
76561198088309677,Recommended,462780,30584970,Posted: 17 March,all,Homophobic Homosexual Homosapien,"get to kill both angels and demons, 10/10 atheist"
76561197967876062,Recommended,462780,30343618,Posted: 5 March,all,TopperHarley,"TLDR at the end.Darksiders Warmastered Edition is a really good and enjoyable game.  I had bought Darksiders several years ago and beat the game.  Several parts of the game play and story were very memorable, so when the Warmastered Edition was released and given for free to existing Darksiders owners, I thought it would be a good opportunity to play the game again.  Additionally, after looking through the achievements, it looked like most of them, if not all of them, could be completed during a standard play-thorough.  Complete it I did with only one or two achievements really requiring any extra effort.  The extra effort involved required just a little bit of backtracking through already visited areas to complete the collectibles, and riding Ruin for 100 miles, which I did AFK (the strategy with the Spirit Bridge was the most effective for me).The story revolves around one of the Four Horseman of the Apocalypse, War.  The lore of this story line shows us that the Four Horseman are bound by laws established, from what I can tell, between Heaven and Hell and are only activated when the Final Battle for the world has started.  They are a ""police force"" who maintain the balance and despence justice against throse who break the rules, I guess.  Feared by all.  Somehow the final battle is ""started"" before it's time and before mankind has matured enough to take part.  War witnesses the beginning of the end of man and his actions against the minions of Heaven and Hell during the apocalypse result in his imprisonment by The Council.  War is charged with breaking the ""rules""  and for his actions allowing Hell to grab an unfair advantage and, for the most part, win the Final Battle.  War is tasked with atoning for his sins and removing Hell's influence/control.  Thus War starts his quest to prove his innocence and seek revenge on those who used him.I really loved this story.  Although some of it is a little confusing when I start looking at it in more detail, the epic feeling of the story is amazing and turned me into a real fan of the game series.  In the first few minutes of the game you are War, in all his power, fighting through the streets of a city at the start of the Final Battle.  Builds collapsing around you and people running in fear as Heaven and Hell fight through the streets.  Once sent on your path to prove your innocence, it is 100 years later, mankind is dead, cities destroyed, some areas turned to deserts of barren ash, etc.  As War you traverrse these areas fighting the undead, demons, and demonic super powered bosses.For the most part, the game is fairly linear, with some backtracking for collectible items that were once in-accesible, but can be accessed later once the proper weapon or tool becomes available to War later in the story.  Eventhough it is fairly linear, the developers really made Darksiders feel like an open world game that you can explore eventhough you really can't.  Unlike many games that take place pre-dominantly "" confined and indoors"" and are themselves linear, closed world games.  Those games actually feel linear, whereas Darksiders feels open because the world appears to continue on even when you reach a chasm that you can't cross or hit that ""invisible map/zone wall.""For example, in the first area you enter after War's judgment, The Crossroads, down one of the streets is a big hole.  There is a chest in the hole that War can get to and climb out, but you can't cross to the other side.  When you awaken/free the Gate Guardian in the area to open up the next area, you can watch the Guardian walk to said pit, jump across it and continue walking down the street to disappear around the corner of a ruined building (that effect is used a few times).   I've beaten the game three times at this point and I still watch every Gate Guardian disappear into the distance.Also Darksiders doesn't just conveniently place destroyed buildings and such to act as ""map/zone walls.""  There are tons of areas what use ""invisible"" zone walls but continue to show us the desolate, ruined world as far as the eye can see.  True, hitting the invisble walls may break the feel of an open world, but at the same time the developers don't put things up against these walls to encourage you to run into them.  So if you don't try to hit the zone walls, you can't tell they are there.  To further help the open world feel is that while War may stop when when he runs into a zone wall, if you pick up any environment objects like a car and throw it toward the wall, the car would keep flying into the distance.  Additionally, most zone walls are in spots that would be bottomless chasms anyways. All these effects really gave the game a truly epic feel.Finally, as for the game play.  The gameplay is fun, fast and frenetic.  The most powerful weapon will always be your sword, Chaos Eater.  You eventually get a Scythe and the Tremor Gauntlet (think earthquakes).  While the sword is the strongest, the Tremor Gauntlet was more fun to use.  War ends up with a ton of usefull tools and while most of them help you traverse parts of some levels, almost all of them can be used in battle for some amusing and creative fighting strategies.When deciding to complete the game, one of the achievements is beating the game on Apocalyptic mode, and after reading how much damage monsters do (mid level mob hits take a full life bar) and requiring a lot more dodging (dodging is a play style weakness for me), I chose to do most of the achievements on Normal as well as re-learn boss strategies and collect the Abyssal Armor (you are almost to the final boss by the time it's completed) for Apocalyptic mode.   With all that done, Apocalyptic mode ended up being easier (in some ways) than normal with the Abyssal Armor.  I took less damage with the armor in hard mode than I did without it in normal mode, I think.  In hard mode playthrough, I didn't die once in battle the whole game, whereas I started dying to bosses around Silithus (spider boss) in Normal.  All deaths were from falling into lava, pits, etc.  Admittedly, I had figured out the strategies and gotten really good at dodging too, so...I am not a heavy re-play person, but I enjoyed Darksiders so much when I bought it that the release of the Warmastered Edition peaked my interest in replaying.  I then beat the Warmastered Edition 2 more times and enjoyed the game more each time.  The End scene after the final boss gave me goose bumps every time and made me sad that Death's story in Darksiders 2 was the final game.  This is one series I truly wish got completed.TLDR:  Great graphics, beautiful imagery, a semi-linear game that feels open world with an epic feel.  Great Story and Lore.  Good, useful weapons.  Fast and fun combat.  Worth It!Specifally, the Warmastered Edition looks better and more detailed than the original.  It may not seem like it, after my 2 finished W.E. playthroughs, I went back to the original Darksiders and everything looks fuzzier and less detailed.  Sort of like old tube televisions and HD television; you don't realize how detailed HD is until you get used to it then have to go watch an older tube t.v.This game is worth a Steam Sale, and even regular price really.  I say that because if a 3rd game ever got released, I'd likely pay full release price instead of waiting for years for the cost to drop."
,Recommended,462780,28196821,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,FlunkHaus,"Received for free from owning the original Darksiders.Fantastic game in my opinion, and completely worth a purchace, probably one of the best remastered games that I've played so far. I played the original on X360 and never really played the PC port. Going back to it with this remaster reminded me how much fun I had with this game. It looks amazing, runs at an easy solid 60 FPS in 1440p, and is just a blast to play.I'm always a sucker for the heaven vs. hell stories and I really loved the overall story and art style. I'm not the best at this type of action game but I felt that the weapons and enemies were fun to use and fight. The zelda-style progression in gaining new weapons and upgrades, and using what you have received to backtrack to previous locations to collect everything was done very well. I can definitely see why people compare the gameplay here to the zelda series.I finished the game, getting most of the upgrades and all that, in a little over 20 hours. I had no crashing or other issues that I've seen some people talk about here."
,Recommended,462780,28742978,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Neon Musket,"Think of this game as the result of a threesome between Zelda, God of War and DMC. Good hack and slash game with great art syle.I recieved this for free since I own the original version, the remastered runs much better than the original does on my GTX 960."
,Recommended,462780,28088895,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Juha Bach,"WARNING TO AMD USERSThe developer released a patch to fix most amd problems, play the game at your own risk but it should be fixed for the most partEssential PurchaseRecommendedBuy it on a saleAvoid at all costsI finished this game already on a binge play offline, the rest has been on a new game with the steam interface FINALLY fixedWhat it did rightWarmastered Edition completely re-renders the cutscenes, offers higher quality textures, and not as nearly enough problems as the Deathinitive Edition offered and fixes the Steam Overlay bug that a lot of users had been experiencing, at least for the most part; you may run into it yourself, so try running the game as administrator.The ProblemsAs it stands now, the warmastered edition has problems with (and each problem will be crossed out as it's fixed):- No Steam Controller, and Limited Official Controller support-Limited widescreen support with 21:9, etc.- Audio Problems: Syncing, Subtitles, Cut-Outs- Crashing in certain areas (Check the forums for reports by other users as I never had this problem)-Some achievements are broken for quite a few users, such as Slayer-Importing Saves causes them to become corrupt (test on latest version of Darksiders)And that's about it really, achievements are able to be earned, steam trading cards are able to be distributed, and it'ss had a better launch than Darksiders 2's remaster by Gunfire.The ConclusionIt's worth a look, any previous owners of darksiders that've owned the game BEFORE the 29th gets it for free, and It's another excuse to dive back into the world of Darksiders as War."
,Recommended,462780,29016557,Posted: 4 January,all,Radú™♣,"Great game, great story.. well there is always a but.I feel kinda sad that i started playing Darksiders with that ""warmastered edition"" i had part of a lot bugs, now i'm at last beam for free Azrael, well last door to him, got closed, and cant event open, there a lot of bugs with textures where u can get stuck... We/i could use a save file, but u see i dont have one from that part of game... so ill stop here.My opinion just play classic version of this game, untill the devs will do something about all problems of this game .Thanks to devs, but those days...  they dont care about crashes, bugs... ehm, that's it.EDIT 1 : Per. all the game, is awesome, game got some patches, great.EDIT 2 : Recommand this game to all of you who want a game who's worth to play and take your time away.EDIT 3 : With that buggy door for Ezreal 3th Beam was all my fault ! So please take care of yourselfs' when u get there, i flyed' somehow through the door without opening it with key ! So when i came back it got bugged.EDIT 4 : With all i said up about buggs, there are some camera bugs, for finish moves... But that's not something that bad.EDIT 5 : Just buy it. Play it. Finish it. :D"
,Recommended,462780,28097736,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Day Soda,10/10would remaster againPRAISE TO THQ NORDIC!!!!!!
,Recommended,462780,28387094,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lustrum,"Amazing job by the devs !All the problems i had with the old version are now fix(fps drops, steam overlay prob,etc)Graphics looks crispAnd you get this game for free if you own the original versionAll considered, its a flawless remasterP.S: If you are getting poor fps change the anti aliasing method from FSAA to FXAA"
,Recommended,462780,28148142,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Cerenzio,"Holy Crap, this game is cool.Easy controls (I use XBOX 360 Controller)runs Smoooooooooooooooth as silk, on my middle of the road PCLooks amazingVERY Cool creature designScenes straight out of  Monster Movie.Much fun. EASY setting, is welcome.BLOOD....."
,Recommended,462780,28117362,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Skrubbie,"This is how a remaster should be done, always!There's been plenty of remasters of great games this year, but sadly 90% of them were so badly optimized, left too long before they were patched good enough to be playable, and then sort of just forgotten about. THQ have really made a remaster of an already incredible game, even better! The game looks stunning, you wouldn't even remember it was first released 6 years ago! Looks crisp and completely refreshed.I haven't had any problems at all so far. I've noticed a lot of negative reviews based off peoples AMD hardware.. I assume it's the GPU as I have an AMD FX8350 cpu, GTX 780 gpu, 8gb RAM, and I haven't run into any problems so far. I would DEFINITELY recommend picking this up (especially at it's currently incredibly low price of £3.99 on it's 80% off deal) because even for the users experiencing problems due to their hardware, I've noticed that the game has had several small patches since it was released the otherday, so I have complete faith in the fact that the AMD problems will be dealt with!If you loved playing Darksiders before, pick this up, you won't regret it! It feels like a brand new experience all over again. :)"
76561198033882786,Recommended,462780,28083425,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,qgtanton,I liked this game before but it's amazing! And it was just a gift! I like it very much. I hope some day the other two Horseman may come to reunite as two other games. I suggest it for everyone who like brutal fighting against the Evil.
76561198036088587,Recommended,462780,28149699,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Grommash,Epic game now on HD. Don't need to say too much. Just don't play it with keyboard.
,Recommended,462780,28967147,Posted: 2 January,all,coolRONz,"WOW! is all i can say! probably the best hack n slash i have ever played(for the money)... just happened to be on sale and have made a remake... what have i got to lose. totally blew me away, easy to get into, the art style and graphics are pretty amazing. very easy to learn sparring system. honestly after playing it im very surprised that there are people out there who dont like it, i guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder. i can see the cut scenes annoying some people tho, but honestly after a few minutes of fighting there is a 10 second cutscene, almost unfolding the game as it goes along... as far as story goes, doesnt make much sense to me, or maybe i just dont care. its a hack n slash, not sposed to make sense. but the action and variety is there, hack n slashes are notorious for repetition, but darksiders somehow keeps it interesting.. if you are at all interested in console remakes on PC, this should be on top of your list. even at the regular $22CAD, its a budget title, if memory serves me correctly i got 80% off and it runs flawlessly! quite literally the best bang for the buck this guy has had in a long time."
76561198035229390,Recommended,462780,28131842,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,mgdagirl137,"This is a great remaster of a great game. The cut scenes are much sharper, and the graphics look really great.If you like hash and slash games with a good story, then this is the game for you. The art style is fantastic and pretty unique. And the combat is pretty fun."
,Recommended,462780,31535600,Posted: 3 May,all,Boolin,This is a wonderful game the art style is beautiful the monsters and bosses are well crafted and for its age it's eye candy i'm having a blast with it so far i dread beating it because i will have a void in my life8/10
,Recommended,462780,28171589,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Schneider DragonFang,"10/10 Best remake HD remaster from last gen.I remember fondly the day Darksiders came out on last gen, i picked it up for 360 and was in love with every aspect of this game.The visuals now rendering in at 4K on my system with an i75820k and a AMD Fury X make this gem really shine the way it was intended.  Getting constant solid 60 fps during all cutscenes which is to be expected, but during all normal play i never see my fps drop below 100.I was hesitant to purchase this title even at the sale price of 3.99, but with only an hour into the game the whole story comes flooding back to me and all the great moments i had playing this title on console.One of the best hack n slash title of last gen fully resurrected.All Hail the Horsemen of WAR!!The team responsible for this upgraded version first and foremost deserve a round of applause."
76561198012626337,Recommended,462780,31233503,Posted: 19 April,all,Hellios Rayearth,"Awesome Concept, Compelling Storyline Definitely a must-play. [some spoilers ahead]Visuals & Graphics:8/10A fairly dated game, but regardless, visuals and art style used oddly suit my taste. Remeniscient of 3d cartoon art styles in comparison to the more recent games that try to make characters more life like. Setting and mood from the art style to the game lighting is relatively dark, but is fitting to the storyline.Music and Sound:10/10OST is enjoyable, very similar to older God of War titles that used catchy and sharp orchestral sounds accompanied by a dakr sound choir in the background. This is a recurring theme throughout the game.Voice-acting is VERY well done.NOTE: The Watcher actually used the voice of the actor that did the Joker in other animated series, if you guys didn't notice.Plot/Story:10/10+ Premise of the Story is amazing. Any Story that uses Betrayal/Revenge/Redemption in my books is already a must-see/must-read.+ Uses Heaven/Hell Mythology. Always a must-read/must-see in my books.+ Dialogue exchanges between the Watcher, Samael and War are surprisingly deep. Makes you want to play more.+ Black Hammer: ""Plucking pigeon wings..."" (referring to angels)- Abbadon's Character is anti-climactic for an end-boss. Absalom from Darksiders 2 may have been a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ last boss, but at least he had an interesting personality that made him matter, making build up to final battle worth looking forward to. Abbadon on the other hand was as interesting as the dirt in my toe nail.= Uriel is a bimbo.Gameplay and Mechanics:5/10= Playstyle for most beat em' up, hack and slash games are relatively the same. It follows the generic format of a soul drop rate from slain enemies used to buy upgrades for your equipment and player abilities.- Limited Weapon choices- Few Passive Skill/Active Skills + Upgrades- Balance: BLADE GEYSER/Chaos Form... There is no reason why a first time player  should be STROLLING across Apocalyptic difficulty just by following a 100% achivement guide on Youtube. For these type of games, a certain learning curve must be experienced by the player to clear higher game difficulties. However, I happened to be able to. There is very little reason to play defensively. Pure aggression and very little dodging is needed  in the game. Learning high damage enemies' weaknesses and patterns doesn't take too long to figure out as well."
,Recommended,462780,30564161,Posted: 16 March,all,R3dwan,This game is so GOOD-Nice story-Nice gameplay-Hack and slash-That sexy horse Ruin <3 <3-a lot of puzzles-Cool weapons <3
,Recommended,462780,31320026,Posted: 23 April,all,wyulf,"it's an old game now, although i've just recently got around to it. but truth be told, it still looks good. the story starts off a bit confusing perhaps, but things get cleared up as you progress on. interesting enough for you to wonder what happens after the game is over.all that aside, darksiders is a fun adventure. the controls are responsive, the combat is good, the puzzles, not all that difficult to figure out, but will make you think a bit sometimes. generally, it's a well crafted hack and slash game that have withstood the test of time thus far."
,Recommended,462780,31560607,Posted: 5 May,all,Helios,I Love Darksiders! Cant wait for Darksiders 3
76561198073000830,Recommended,462780,28610292,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,StonerGamer,"#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorWould you rather serve in heaven or rule in hell ?Since I had owned the original version of the game I had recieved the remaster totally free of cost and GOSH am I truly indept to Nordic games for remastering this beauty. Since I had never really gotten into the original game I thought why not start my journey by playing the remastered edition of the game.When the original had come out, it was a beautiful piece of work and the artstyle was truly tanitilizing and captivitating to the observer but since the remaster they have made, what was already a beauty for it's time, even better. The detail on most characters have increased by a huge amount.Now getting to the acutal game, It follows a very interesting tale of betrayal, sacrifice and honor that I would recommend everyone to go through the game play is very smooth as well but best means of control would be controller since in my opinion playing hack and slash games have always been better using a controller.Anyway I recommend anyone who hasn't gotten the game yet to please purchase it as soon as possible and dive into the mystical ficitious journey of darksiders. <3"
,Recommended,462780,28137439,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,niksunorz,"A patch has been applied to address the fps problems on AMD cards and it's now fully 60fps.It's as good as it was when it first came out but now with upgraded visuals and some graphical options to choose from. I had some problems with sounds not playing correctly but that has been adressed in a beta patch which I found by accident. I've played this previously on X360 and bought it on Steam because it was dirt cheap.I've always liked the combat system in this game and in the second it was even better. There's weapon upgrading, which is a cool system, and skill mastering and butt load of stuff collecting. The story is fine, nothing great but nothing too bad either. I'll update the review when I get to play and refresh my memories about the whole game. I'd strongly recommend this to anyone."
76561198151999609,Recommended,462780,28088327,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Drinkbeer87,A must have game for hack and slash fans.Running 4K max settings locked at 60fps with absolutley no issues.
76561198072094217,Recommended,462780,29126371,Posted: 8 January,all,Setorrs The Lollygagger,"Played this game when it came out on console 5 or more years ago , now after 22 hours in the remastered game i can 100% tell you it's worth buying . Awesome weapon mechanics , a good world to explore and find the collectables and upgrade the weapons. I still have the final fight and to get some skill upgrades and i'm at 22 hours , playing it on apocalyptic and it's fun. Buy it , 100% money to fun guaranteed. Do follow up with the seaquel and maybe 2-3 years from now we will see the third instalment in the series"
,Recommended,462780,28191927,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,IG,"I played this game in 2010. Sometimes I wanted to forget episodes from this game  and replay it again. Fortunately I forgot some episodes and at the same time in my library was appeared Darksiders Warmastered Edition. When I started to play, I was pleasantly surprised to replay this game with better graphics and without some bags. Sorry for my english :D"
,Recommended,462780,33068850,Posted: 30 June,all,CheesyChazzy,A great game with a story that keeps you engage and fun gameplay. Nice hack n' slash game. Looking forward to the 3rd title in the series.
76561198005358781,Recommended,462780,28816543,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wambly,"Ahh, Darksiders. The identity-confused, genre-melding Zelda-like that no one knows quite what to make of.Darksiders: Warmastered Edition was actually my second time through the game, having played the original release on PC initially a few years back. My comparisons to the original are as follows:Warmastered looks really nice and runs a hell of a lot better.That wraps up the upgrade notes! High-resolution textures and smooth framerates aside, the game still looks dated. But, ehh, those kinds of things never really mattered to me. What really matters is the game itself, and let me tell you. There's a lot to say.StoryIn Darksiders you follow the story of the apocalyptic horseman War as he journeys to clear his name of a crime he didn't commit. What is that crime? Hell if I know. The entire narrative setup is basically just a haphazardly-assembled backdrop for the fact that Joe Mad wanted Angels and Demons and Horsemen and oh♥♥♥♥♥♥we actually have to have a story for this game, geez, uh, this is awkward......yeah. The story's....serviceable. War carries out the deeds/misdeeds of various angellic and demonic benefactors to enact his revenge on the one he believes responsible for his false accusation. If that sounds epic, well....Iguessit is? The characters sending you out on these journeys never really give you the player the opportunity to experience quality exposition outside of ""hey, that's a cool-looking character"", which is a God-damned shame because Phil Lamar and the legendary Mark Hamill are in this ♥♥♥♥ing game, and are by far the best characters. As for the protagonist, War's main method of communicating is through what I like to call ""pain-groans"". Seriously, the guy spends more time sounding like a clydesdale breeder mid-♥♥♥♥♥♥ than actually speaking actual words, which is YET ANOTHER travesty because Liam O'brien is a goddamn sackful of talent and isn't utilized anywhere near his potential for this role. (though I will admit, I find the pain-groans oddly......arousing. Moving on.)CombatHere's why you care: Darksiders combat, by and large, is a damn good time. Take the tried and true meat-and-potatoes combat of 3D Zelda games (sans-Skyward Sword) and mix it with the floaty-slashy surrealism of Kingdom Hearts and the gore of God of War and you've got Darksiders, in a nutshell. War's sword feels great to smash into hordes of enemies, and the generous execution prompts let you bounce around between enemies effortlessly. The two other weapons you get balance out War's kit with larger AOE and knockback, which can be helpful in certain situations, though neither have as satisfying of combos as the core sword. The combo system can't lay a finger on anything you'd see in a Platinum game, but the punchy, responsive combat keeps things visceral and tactile.Darksiders has a generous amount of combat, and the combat is mostly great. One thing I will say, though, is that if you're looking for really great boss fights, you're not really going to find them here. Of all the bosses you take down during your time with War, the best of them are strictlyokay, while the worst are janky as ♥♥♥♥. Unresponsive prompts and awkward animations make judging a boss's movements seem more gamey than anything else. It's not ""how do I beat this boss?"", it's ""HOW DO I GET THIS STUPID GAME TO WORK"".Another gripe I have is that towards the end of the game the bigger enemies tend to get a bit...spongy. You have high-health, heavy-hitting monsters that don't really react to you hitting them in the face with your sword, which makes staying alive and dishing out damage less thrilling and more annoying. This gets made worse by the fact that successful counters DO NOT STAGGER these enemies, so if you want to actually counter and riposte you have to counter up to three times in succession perfectly and THEN riposte, PROVIDED the last move in the chain isn't a finisher, which can't be blocked in the first place! Your best bet is to just dash around and take potshots while you can, watching sadly as the combo counter barely tops 3-4 on higher difficulties. It's a big about-face on wracking up hits, and seems contrary to the game's overall direction everywhere else.Fortunately, War's Wrath powers even the odds out, sort of. Wrath powers are extremely expensive abilities that use up War's limited reserve of mana (dubbed ""wrath""). This gets slowly upgraded through heart-piece-style ""wrath shards"" and recharges paaaaaaainfully slow, outside of the occasional chest pickup. The only thing that makes up for this is the fact that the powers themselves are unbelieveably strong, almost to an unfair degree. It's an odd trade-off; whittling down enemies through general combat and activating powers to boost your damage tremendously when you can. Despite how strange it is, I think this helps balance out the aforementioned-sponginess of late-game enemies because, provided you've the wrath, it takes a lot of the frustration out of the fights.Finally, you've got Chaos form, which for some reason looks like it should be guarding the bridge of Khazad-Dum. Chaos form is delightfully punchy and trivializes a lot of the more difficult mob fights, and recharges generously quick. On top of that it grants temporary invincibility, which can save your life in a pinch. It feels a lot like the wrath powers in its usage, and gives you something to look forward to as the rage meter builds.GameplayOne of my absolute favorite things about Darksiders is the dungeons. While the overworld is fairly bland in design and rarely serves up anything interesting outside of the occasional puzzle or scripted fight, the dungeons are where the real party is. All five of them have a great mixture of combat, platforming, and puzzles, and each one is memorable in its own way. By far my favorite of them is theBlack Throne, with the moving platforms andPortal-lite teleportation. It seems that the majority of the effort spent on the game was kept here, and while the overall presentation of the dungeons is stellar, I just wish the rest of the world was up to the same level of polish.Near the beginning of the game, there's a flying segment that just...just shouldn't be. It takes a long♥♥♥♥♥time to finish, and the shooting mechanics are basically what it would be like to play minesweeper with a controller (keyboard and mouse users: tell me if your experience was better than mine!). It sucks because it comes off of a great little section of platforming and just takes you right the hell out of it. It's these little interupts that seem like ideas that should have spent a little more time on the dry-erase board before they made it into the code.The clearest alegory to the Zelda games outside of the dungeons are the items you get (also: heart pieces). These items, just like in Zelda, serve to extend new areas to you and add new mechanics for traversing post-apocalyptic earth, and some of them are just absolutely shameless Zeldia-isms. You get ahookshot. You get aboomerang. You get a few items that you use for maybe an eighth of the game and then never touch again. Don't get me wrong, though, these items do add a lot. And oncetime manipulationgets involved, things start getting really fun and interesting. It's just that none of the items are as polished as what you'd find in your typical Zelda experience. Certain movement options have a tendency to get you stuck in the map's geometry, which isn't really all that punishing per se, but still sucks because it unnacturally breaks things up. Again, this is an area where I wish more development time was spent.ClosingAll in all, though, I definitely recommend Darksiders, the same way I'd recommend watching Pacific Rim or eating Arby's. It does a lot of things wrong, but it's still a hell of a lot of fun."
76561197987482717,Recommended,462780,28338361,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Alterf38,"Much more than a hack and slash game. Good story, OST, combos, weapon progression, exploration, challenging, but not unfair. Some puzzles are a little bit boring and frustrating, however in only one scenario. There is a lot of diferents subtitles and dubs. I had crashes issues, but they fixed.This game is a specie of Zelda + God of War with thematic in the Abrahamic religions about the End of the World. Good franchise, I recommend to start playing Darksiders on ""Apocalyptic"" difficultyRate: 9/10Muito mais que um hack and slash. História boa, trilha sonora empolgante, combos, progressão de armas, exploração de cenário, jogo desafiador, mas não injusto. Puzzles um pouco chatos e frustantes, porém em apenas um cenário do jogo. Muitos tipos de dublagens e legendas. Tive problemas de crashes, todavia foram consertados.Uma espécie de Zelda + God of War com temática nas religiões Abraâmicas sobre o Fim do Mundo. Boa franquia, recomendo jogar na dificulade ""Apocalipse"" logo de cara.Nota: 9/10"
,Recommended,462780,31315119,Posted: 23 April,all,Derek Hellscream,"Darksiders.A game I heard about for a very long time. People and friends alike told me its a great game and to check it out. People that knew I loved Devil May Cry and Bayonetta series told me I would love it too. I was skeptical. I didnt like its graphics and aesthetics when it was released at first. One of my friends gave me a laptop that had a copy of Darksiders 2 and I played it back in 2013 and didnt enjoy it much. It felt repetitive and buggy. Just recently I grabbed a collectors copy of both remastered Darksiders and boy oh boy, the nostalgic feeling of Devil May Cry 3 came back with the Darksiders warmastered Edition. Graphics were a bit better and gameplay was balanced. War felt tanky like Dante and voice and personality matched that of the fabled horsemen. Almost near the end I started playing the Darksiders 2 Deathnitive Edition and it felt so much improved and agile I forgot to play Darksiders 1 for about 2 months. But now, I launched it up and finished the game. It has been a long time since I ever smiled after finishing a game. The last time was when I finished Dishonored."
76561198077765137,Recommended,462780,28081303,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,DubL A,"Very cool and looks great , and it was Free  ! -Thanks"
,Recommended,462780,29237724,Posted: 13 January,all,Dustpan,It has the greatest ending stinger in video game history. Still waiting for the payoff 7 years later.
,Recommended,462780,28147760,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,"I love darksiders. this remaster seems pretty good so far, looks better and i havent had a single crash or issue in 22 hours so far. great time to pick this up if you never played the original."
,Recommended,462780,33142914,Posted: 2 July,all,MetalGearPony,"Concept:Darksiders mashes god of war style hack and slash with zelda style puzzles and dongeon exploration.The Good:It's very satisfying to brutally anihilate a huge god like boss with a shiny new weapon you got and pick up your lifestone (heart container) as a reward for your carnage.The Bad:There are a few minor gripes like weapon exp feeling gratuitous and unnessesary and one of the late game items being good in concept but lackluster/copy and paste in exicution, but those are minor flaws in an excelent game.Verdict:8/10 Definitely recomended."
76561198012667206,Recommended,462780,29253465,Posted: 14 January,all,The Face™✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,"I played this game and completed it multiple times 100% including all achievements, collectibles etc. That is how much i love this game.There was 1 issue I had though with achievements. The counter on some achievements was broken, but this may be a steam issue (not sure about that)."
,Recommended,462780,34870859,Posted: 10 September,all,Silverfeather,"Ahh. This is such a wonderful game. Originally played on the ps3, got a bundle of 1 and 2 on sale--which resulted in getting two free games.Graphics are spiffy and the plot wonderful. Puzzles are challenging and I'm so stoked to be playing this game again.10/10 would play agian and againSo stoked for the third one."
,Recommended,462780,28473959,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Salt_E_Dawg,It's like Darksiders 2; only first.
,Recommended,462780,29426318,Posted: 22 January,all,kashmaN bM,"So I just finished the game after 25 hours of playtime and I must say, that this game is absolutely amazing. I enjoyed every minute of it from start to finish.The storyline is very well done and kept me on the edge of my seating always wanting to find out what happens next. The cutscenes were not too long and were relavent to the story and well done.The game itself played very smoothly, no fps issues or any technical issues.The character design was really well done, all the characters looked really cool! The weapons and environments were beautifully done as well.The overall gameplay was excellent, the controls were easy to get used to, and the game itself is pretty linear, which I found to be great.Overall, I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes hack n slash type of games. I am really excited to start playing Darksiders 2 now!"
76561198098239250,Recommended,462780,32730295,Posted: 24 June,all,Gaston's retarded cousin,Aside from all the puzzles its a pretty solid game
76561198009420770,Recommended,462780,29452585,Posted: 23 January,all,GunMonk3y,"Plus ++  FOV slider, full screen at 16:10, 120fps @ 120 hz plus some extra eye candy - it's a thoughtful remaster, gj.Minus -- Equipment menus, map and crossblade controls still suck royally with kb/m, in the way only a console port can.Well worth it on sale."
76561197977420322,Recommended,462780,28192090,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Powpow,"I played the vanilla version of this game back in the days before finally getting it on steam and am really glad there is a remastered version because that's one of the things that bugged me about the original version. Darksiders can be summed up as Darsouls meets Devil Mat Cry in a nutshell, with a great story.  I wish THQ didn't shutdown because I was looking forward to the third installment in the great franchise as the second Darksiders is even more insteresting than this and has eveolved into a RPG action game.This remaster is excellently done and I can now play with unlocked frames and higer resolutions and the game runs much smoother than the orginal and now I can alt+tab without the game crashing on me :). This is definitely worth getting for those looking for an old school action hack and slash kind of game as they don't make them like they used to."
76561198109187031,Recommended,462780,34724345,Posted: 3 September,all,fuckhead,7/10. deducted rating cause of too much repeatedness and control glitches. you have to play in the camera given by the game sometimes though very few times. doing same thing over and over again which takes almost 1-2 hour for each.Otherwise story is mesmerizing and interesting. Graphics are awsome for a pretty old game(it is remastered though :P).
,Recommended,462780,34392485,Posted: 21 August,all,Jyrr,Great story and graphics!I like the remaster but the original is great too!If you like hack and slashers than you will love this.I hope Darksiders 3 will be as good!
,Recommended,462780,28368884,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Boost Brother,All around a fantastic game.
,Recommended,462780,29080563,Posted: 6 January,all,- dan -,"Wage War! Darksiders is an action adventure game in the same vein as Zelda - ocarina of time. Very much the same vein, with hookshots and bombs and horses (oh my) in common this game is a knock off in the best sense of the term. Great art design (can't ever have enough skulls), solid level design, lots of fun flashy combat and an over the top apocalyptic story line this one is a winnerGood- class act all the way- fun- the remastered edition was free to everyone who owns the original, THANK YOU GUYS!- War is a fun hero in his chunky armor with his stoic, grunted responses to dialogBad-I never want to redirect another laser beam-wish War had a faster runIf you are a Zelda fan or enjoy the warhammer 40k aesthetic then you will most likely love this one. Great single player couch game 5/5"
76561198060410048,Recommended,462780,28153588,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,LevinSpliff,"I love this game. I haven't played it since it was first released in 2010, the Warmastered Edition definitely rekindled my love for the franchise."
76561197988565605,Recommended,462780,28365606,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,psykofunk,"I affectionatly refer to this game as The Legend of Zelda: The Apocalypse.  Much of the game progression is lifted almost verbatim from OoT.  I don't consider this a bad thing.  It's got a unique story with a bit of mystery and if you're a fan of fictionalized angel/demon/nephilim lore you'll eat it up.  Combat is a fairly simplistic A,A,A combo system with execution moves that can get a little repeatative (some enemies have a tad too much health IMO) but the frustration is allevatied quickly after you rip a demon's head off.It's a solid, straightforward, enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,462780,29642383,Posted: 1 February,all,Wolven,"I played Darksiders II and I really enjoyed the game. The graphics are great, the gameplay is a very good RPG/hack-n-slash mixture, with great puzzles and gruesome finishers. Now that I'm playing the Warmastered edition, the differences are just enough to see it's not the same game, but the essence is there. 10/10 for me, plus you get the old version as well in case you want to play in an older PC."
76561198027999803,Recommended,462780,30856562,Posted: 31 March,all,Scarface,"Pros:Good story.Weapons, weapons enhacements and weapon progression by weapon experience.Collectibles.Lots of weapon moves and combo possibilities.It is possible to explore previously visited areas.Puzzles in dungeons.As one of the four horseman, you can actually ride a horse and fight on it on open areas.Cons:Lack of camera control. Some fights are a lot harder than needed because of this.Controls are not very good using keyboard/mouse (especially wrath powers usage).Upgrade prices are too expensive. By the time you reach end boss, you will probably have to grind 3-4 times the amount of souls you earned over the course of the entire game in order to buy all upgrades even if you collected every single chest and fully cleared all monsters during your playthrough. Since there are not very good spawn location and respawning usually requires leaving area and coming back, the grinding process is long and tedious.Lack of detailed info on weapons, upgrades and abilities (damage, range, and % in case of improvements).Ultimate sword cannot use enhacements.Overall it is a very good game. Recommended. 7/10 (would be 9/10 if above cons were solved)"
,Recommended,462780,32363477,Posted: 12 June,all,Wicked,"War.... First of Horsemens.... Stands aloneSo the first part which get a franchise DarksidersAbout game: in some part you get f****d  and then u realize u need fix everything by yourselfAlso I love both Darksiders and Darksiders II, but if I had to choose I would get this one firstPros ++Combat is pretty decent+Grind, to unclock everything you will need a grind, a lot+voice acting is great+pretty long game+maps are big+hack n slash+soundtrack is goodcons --fps drops in some parts but its still playable-few bugs but also still playableOverall +/-Nordic did a great job with first part of darksiders, game is great it have little bugs, and totally worth the price and i cant wait for Darksiders III, buy this game and play it, its not DmC but its really close to it"
76561198122143789,Recommended,462780,28278738,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,mossrock1,"I played this SO many times on the 360 and now I've started it on my laptop.So far the remaster is great. Runs nice and smooth and with the higher resolution it's even more beautiful!If you love Joe Madds wonderful and exuberant designs - then this is a must buy. (They are utterly over the top but make perfect sense within a game world where EVERYTHING is over the top!) The characters and locations are truly beautiful with a wonderfully singular art direction. It's as near to playing a Joe Madd comic as it's possible to get.If you love Zeldaesque game design where your progression is linked to finding new items and abilities, unlocking new areas and enemies - then buy this. (Every single stage shows you something new and exciting, letting you try new skills and methods of traversal. It never runs out of ideas, even managing to throw a portal gun into the mix!) It will last quite a while too, as there is an awful lot of content to discover.I played it with a 360 controller and I think thats really how it's meant to be played. If you love games that have that invisible 'quality', that wonderful sensation that makes it just feel 'right' to move around in then this is a must buy. The controls are fluid and fun, with War, the player character feeling chunky and full of 'heft'. Every single blow and dodge is a joy to pull off no matter how many times you mash the buttons.The only downside I can find is the story. It somehow manages to be both painfully simple and overly complicated. Everything is a cliche and seemingly written for a thirteen year old. It's a bad mix of catholic fairy story and invented trash that never quite comes together. Think the worst White Wolf 'world of Darkness' campain mixed with the post it notes from the set of an episode of Supernatural. Yes, it really is quite that bad.Yet thankfully that small blemish never stopped me from falling in love with this game. (and its sequel!) You will have a blast with this game! It's beautiful to look at, stylised and inspired, fun to play, with a load of great ideas and mechanics taken from different games and genres, it has bucket loads of content and ideas and all obviously made with care, love and a lot of joy.Buy, buy, buy!"
76561198126975019,Recommended,462780,28150370,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"Is a love and hate relationship the one that I have with this bloody game.Darksiders it's just one of those games that attempts to make so much, tries so hard to be something incredible, and unique, and just special, all at once, and the sad thing is that in some cases it does succeed trying to do this, it accomplishes it's goals, IN SOME CASES, and when those cases DO show up, the game it's incredible.There are some parts of this game that are unique and beautiful and just others that are so tedious and infuriating that you just can't avoid but to want to turn the freaking thing off, there was one particular boss during my playthrough, near the end, which just was one of the most tedious and annoying boss fights I ever played in my life, and i'm what? 20 years old, take it from there and say that i've been playing games ever since I was six and well...I think the main problem with the game really lies within the game's effort into trying to do something ""spectacular"". Whenever this game tries to ""blow you away"" it's exactly around the same time when it starts getting annoying and tedious, and the sad thing is once that you start reaching the end of the game the game just becomes a chore to play for the most part, the puzzles become repetitive, the fights get tiring, and the entire game just feels as if it's dragging it's feet, NEAR THE END, prior to those moments the game had been great with some minor exceptions, What minor exceptions? The freaking dark realm challenges, sections of the game which lock you inside an arena only to then ask you to do a specific move or combat mechanic for a given number of times, 30, 15, doesn't matter, by the time you reach the second time you need to do this freaking challenges you are so fed up as to what's coming that you might as well just stand up and leave the freaking thing for your next session.Pair that up with the fact that for whatever reason the game's movility just feels atrocious in every way, even after you get adjusted to your dashing move, (something of a move that shoots you into a straight direction, duh) or even after you get your horse, (Is this a spoiler? it's literally on the menu)For whatever reason the game feels ""sluggish"" when you move, as if your dragging your feet through mutt, when using your dash the game also doesn't feel smooth, given the fact that after each dash you have to stop yourself for just a fraction of a second to then be able to perform another dash, something that might not sound likes such a big deal in paper, but when you're actually playing you just can't help but feel overwhelmed by the lenghty distances through which you need to travel only to then notice that, surprise, you can't also use your horse in every section of the game, which is understandable when you find yourself in the middle of the ledge of a mountain, but when you're inside a gigantic concrete cilinder, with all the space that the game can offer, you feel a bit ""cheated"" to say the least.At the very least the combat it's fine, I guess, for the most part, eventually it does feel quite repetitive. I've always been a firm believer of the fact that all games technically are repetitive, think of something like say Doom, you simply go around maze-like levels while at the same time shooting demons, in concept, really simple, in gameplay, really repetitive, but that's a game that makes everything feel so fresh, new, and satisfying, that strangely enough you find yourself even using the same weapon for the entirety of the game without ever feeling as if the game is tedious in any way. Compare that to Darksiders in which the combat feels fantastic, reminiscent of games like God of War or Devil May Cry, it's fantastic... When fighting, but the way the game chooses to design the defensive mechanisms, it's a dumb, and just terrible way. The dodge for the most part takes a while to actually trigger, and then it takes a while to trigger again, the block works for just some attacks but not for most of them, so half of the times the actual ""block"" is completely useless, you'll find yourself simply either A: Taking unnecessary hits that you shouldn't have taken, or B: Dodging some attacks, while still taking some, which as a result simply leaves you feeling like an idiot.The graphics are fine, That's what's next right? Graphics...They're fine, the graphics simply look nice and luckily don't tend to extend themselves too much to the whole, ""let's make every game look like our interpretation of what real life should look type of thing""The art style it's nice, the aesthetic I guess you could call it, but the freaking game sadly for whatever reason choosed to take place in a goddamned city, so no matter where you look there's always rock and concrete, there's also water, plants, vegetation, stuff like that, but for the most part you're constantly traversing through freaking rocks and buildings, Why?Why? design this entire beautiful art style and then for whatever reason choose to make it take place inside a city, and it isn't even a pretty, beautiful city, it's a trashy, ugly, mediocre city, something like dishonored made the entire city feel alive, and you didn't even engage in so much combat in that game, so why the heck does the world of this game always feels dead it's beyond me.Look I know i've been trashing the game for the last minute or so, I guess i'm just trying to complaing about some of the stuff that I don't really like, if you want me to be even more honest than I was already trying to be, here it is...Darksiders it's a fun and enjoyable game when it's a fun and enjoyable game, which luckily it tends to be for the most part, but on the other hand, there's constantly this issues, this glaring and annoying issues that keep popping up as I keep playing the game, I really wish Steam could have something of a ""middle ground"" type of recommendation in order to actually give that to this game.Frankly I also must commend the developers for being the good guys here and releasing the game for free for past owners, that's an awesome thing to do, I mean taking into consideration that now there are companies chopping their gamesinto pieces only to then even make yet another unnecessary sequel, it's nice for once to also keep seeing this type of behavior, even if it is in just some developers.Just for that I feel as if I need to recommend the game, it's a very fun game  for the most part, just incredibly annoying in some cases.Get it on a sale if you can."
,Recommended,462780,28810789,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,5trc!t1y @bu5!v3 &?,"Great Game! felt like playing DARKSIDERS II, the texture quality was improved so good, Its nice to get remastered games like this, 'coz it never supresses the urge for good gaming...."
76561198051054710,Recommended,462780,29451707,Posted: 23 January,all,Dark_Mix,"Its about ~20+ hours~, looking good to slay a lot of enemies, nice & more observable graphics, good and hard battles at some points...... prepare for war...!"
76561198013345809,Recommended,462780,29589444,Posted: 30 January,all,Hiddey,"A fun and engaging mix of gameplayA seasoned gamer very likely will have a constant feeling of deja vu while playing this game; recognizing elements from other titles that have been put into this. Yet, despite the sources being obvious I never felt like it was a ripoff - in stead I had the idea the developers picked things from games they liked to honor them here.It starts out simple: some hack and slash similar to God of War and Devil May Cry. Then puzzles get involved similar to those in 3D Zelda games. You find a new item in a dungeon and then must use that item to defeat that dungeon's boss, also like in Zelda games. You can revisit earlier areas in the game where you can use your new items to find new treasure, just like in Zelda- and Metroidvania games. Enemies drop a currency which you use to upgrade your skills - DMC again. You have Mark Hamill as your frenemy sidekick, just like Arkham Knight.All the elements are gradually introduced so you don't feel overwhelmed by too many options. Right from the (real) start of the game you can see areas you can't reach yet, encouraging you to explore once you obtained the item necessary to continue there. The game alternates between fighting, platforming and puzzling; this avoids monotonous gameplay and keeps you playing.Talking about graphics: this game is pretty graphic with lots of blood flowing and quicktime finishing moves which vary from brutal to downright visceral. The style was designed by a comic book artist and this shows: protagonist War's gauntlets are bigger than his own head and his sword is about the size of a surfboard. Even though this game has had an overhaul it does not hold up to current releases in the visual department; to me this is not an issue since it fits the comic book style.So yeah. Grimdark Zelda is definitely recommended!"
76561198184549141,Recommended,462780,32556121,Posted: 18 June,all,Dr.Bbnwy-Heisenberg,"I am sure that this is a master piece of a hack and slash RPG,Feeling super hyped when the other three horsemen meteors falling down along the horizon.He is not alone to face the judgement of both heaven and hell. Bring it on Darksiders III.Lets do this Fury.!!"
76561198058358403,Recommended,462780,28098438,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FrankMN,"I bought the game with the franchise bundle for an unbeatable price just to find out it's broken on AMD gpus. My sapphire nitro+ rx 470 8GB is more than able to run a game like these. Please fix it ASAP, I beg of you. I want to explore the world of darksiders once more and this is making it impossible. New buyers beware of getting this game until every issue has been fixed."
,Recommended,462780,28208794,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SammyJeev @ RejectGamers,"Replaying, streaming, loving this game. 6 years old and still just incredible. The Remaster looks stunning for a game of such age.MUST PLAY!"
,Recommended,462780,28810483,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Coreus Symphonia,"A very fine remaster that runs without any issues on AMD hardware. Clocking a solid >100 FPS on highest resolution with 4xFSAA. Some textures are a bit crude though, which is expected for an old game like this, but it is for the most part serviceable.If you haven't played this zelda-like owe it to yourself and buy it.Rating: 9/10 (Must play)"
,Recommended,462780,28142191,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Luckystrike,"Great game to blow off some steam if you like this genre.The controls just feel right (tight and responsive), mechanics and combat not too complex but still rewarding, nice enough story, just a fun game overall.Also, very important, they seem to have fixed the fps drops that made it almost unplayable on AMD cards:it now works fine on my R9 270, I get constant 60fps at 1080p all maxed out (except for FSAA)."
,Recommended,462780,28143672,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Seawolf9er,Runs great as is no crashes thus far.System for reference4770k @ 4.8 Ghz32 GB ripjaws Z ram in XMP @ 1600 mhzGTX 980 Strix stock clocksSSD boot Drive running Windows 10 (up to date)multiple Game drives of various sizeslooks niceGlad to see the cutscenes re renderedIn game settings maxed out @ 1080 Can bump up to 4k and the game would still run fine.If your a fan of the game . Would pick it up for cheap
76561198295816552,Recommended,462780,28392519,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,✪ Wyren ✪,"Sometimes the game freezes (like once an hour). But the game is amazing, i have finished 8 times and still I do not hate it :D Story is good it is about 4 horsemen of the apocalypse. I enjoy playing this game"
76561198043761522,Recommended,462780,28091921,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,swordinthesleeve,Was not expecting this to be remastered. Must say i am delightfully surprised at the decision and am quite grateful. It seems to run wonderfully so far. Much better than the very buggy port of the sequel game or even the port of the original game which sad to say did not run at all regardless of what i tried. But that seems to have been completley taken care of here. Thank you very much. Very glad i finally get to play this game again.
76561198096891863,Recommended,462780,29147417,Posted: 9 January,all,A wild Toto,"I regret not buying this and supporting the devs when it came out on PS3. Can't wait to play the Second one as soon as I finish this one. I'm gonna pick it up next time it has a reduced 'special' price and so should you!Ps: It'll give you a Legend of Zelda vibe, but with gore. 9.5/10"
76561198087901449,Recommended,462780,28092810,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,freakshow,well i thank them for the free game but as of right now cant play it not at 12 frames anyway can run the older version at max but right out the menu drops me to 12 and im on amd so im guessing a patch will come out and then i will rewrite but amd users beware not a good time but i love the game the story everything about the game
76561198033490477,Recommended,462780,33169392,Posted: 2 July,all,Tim,"Nice remaster feels very smooth, i am still hoping for a third game in this series."
,Recommended,462780,28210339,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Titiontot,"Thought this game looked cool, picked it up on sale.The hell, it's like an evil Legend of Zelda. There's like, bomb plants, Z-targeting, a hookshot-type-thing, weird puzzle-dungeons, empty bottles you can fill with stuff, and even an annoying thing that follows you around and points you in the right direction.BUT it's certainly not a clone. Not at all. Despite a lot of surprising similarities, it's a badass machine of its own. Zelda and God of War had a kickass baby who don't take♥♥♥♥♥♥from nobody, and his name is Darksiders.In Darksiders, you play as War. War is one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, just like you've heard a billion times before. War is badass. Heaven and Hell are fighting each other, and War is the middleman. The apocalypse has come, and it came about from none other than The Destroyer. War has to beat The Destroyer's face in. To make sure he's doing his job, he's kept on a leash by The Watcher, a snarky, sinister, slightly goofy companion who has the voice of Mark Hamill. The story is not a masterpiece in writing, but it's very interesting and the worldbuilding really kept me going. The voice acting is top-notch all the way through!War has to kick a lot of♥♥♥♥♥ but thankfully he doesn't actually play like♥♥♥♥♥ He can slice baddies up with his sword (known as the Chaoseater) and then finish them off with an execution move, which is different for each enemy. Smaller and weaker mooks like zombies, he can execute right off the bat. The combat isn't quite as in-depth or visually interesting as say, God of War or Devil May Cry, but it's extremely enjoyable and there's a very clear sense of progression throughout the game that adds to the value. I'd say the real fun begins once you're able to get some new Chaoseater abilities and War's secondary weapon, the Scythe. The Scythe and the Chaoseater have their own separate moves but they can be chained into each other, allowing War to take an enemy from the ground to the skies and back again, his attacks coming out fluidly and seamlessly. War can also grab things in the environment such as cars and trucks and toss them at people, sd well as access ranged weapons later on and a spooky demon form that does way too much damage. Add in special ""Wrath Powers"" and stronger bosses which require a lot of spacing, timing, and strategy (not unlike some of the harder foes in Ocarina of Time), and you've got a solid gameplay system on your hands. This game - like any good beat em up should - makes you feel real good.In between the hacky slashy bits there are dungeons which may require either puzzle-solving, hardcore parkour, or hardcore puzzle-solving. I was never big on puzzles in games like these, but they've never been problematic enough for me to hate them. While I hate to keep making comparisons, the puzzles in this game are much like those of Zelda, but there's a much larger emphasis on action rather than exploration. The puzzles here aren't super complex or frustrating, they tend to slow things down for a bit so you can beat up chumps as a reward. You may even find special goodies.Onto the goodies - throughout the game you'll find all sorts of neat stuff. If you don't FIND anything, you'll buy it. The currency here is Souls, which you gain from slaughtering everyone in cold blood of course. Souls can allow you to purchase items that can heal you or boost your power, buy upgrades for your weapons, or new combat abilities. A number of the extra cool stuff will be brought about through plot progression, however. You'll later get a cool gun, a chain gauntlet, and a really neat flaming horse. Does Link have a flaming horse? Pshawww.Visually it looks awesome. It has a very nice, unique, post-apocalyptic style with a bit of twisted techno-fantasy look to it. It's kind of hard to describe, but basically that means it's good. Everything really pops with flair and is easy on the eyes. Delicious. My only frustration is that it kind of sucks to play with a mouse. It's not horrible, but mouse-movement for the camera is jittery as all ♥♥♥♥ and to use spells, the default button requires you to hold Caps Lock and then push a number. Why.Key Points+ Satisfying and fun combat+ Lovely visual style+ Great sense of progression+ Immersive world+ Really pretty- PC controls are iffyGet If- You like action adventure games- You enjoy hack and slashies- You like Legend of Zelda and God of War- You love the feeling of progressionFinal VerdictGet it. It's extremely fun and good and gripping and a blast and INEXPENSIVE!!"
,Recommended,462780,29313959,Posted: 17 January,all,Dark Heart,Still as fun as i remember this game to be. The visual upgrades are a plus if you wish to replay or experience Darksiders 1
76561197964798094,Recommended,462780,28083985,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,MadAsAHatter,"Awesome,one of my favourite games has been remastered and all the things they claim to having been improved really have. On my end   (1070, FX8350, 32GB RAM, game on SSD) the game runs on 70-90 FPS and just ROCKS my speakers."
76561197971010255,Recommended,462780,28177072,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Azrael,"Despite a rocky start upon release (especially on AMD cards), I've been enjoying re-playing this game and I still think it's AWESOME!If you haven't had the chance to play it back when it first came out, you owe it to yourself to do it now: great story, great characters and the remastered version is just what the game needed to be brought to today's standards...I just hope that this time enough people play it so that we can all finally enjoy the sequels it absolutely deserves!If I really have to find something to complain about (which also happened in the original version), it's the awful mix of sound/voice/music during cutscenes and gameplay! Please fix that and this game will be a damn masterpiece!"
,Recommended,462780,28428680,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hollywood,"I've loved Darksiders since it was released on PS3, and the Warmastered edition is a good enough reason to pick it up if you missed the first go around. The textures are noticeably sharper and the mouse/keyboard controls have mostly been resolved. My biggest gripe would be that sound in cutscenes have suffered. Someone messed with the files too much and the voice acting is about all you can hear during the sequences. All other music and effects sound like they're under water.As for the game itself not a lot has changed, but this is still an amazing game. Darksiders apes just about every other milestone in gaming. Most notably the combat from God of War and the exploration from Legend of Zelda. There's definite influence from Half Life 2 in the story telling department with the way the tower looms at you in the distance as you are inexorably drawn there. While the combat is meaty and adequate it never lives up to its inspiration. It gets a little tedious to do the same combos and watch the same kill animations over and again, but thankfully there are a lot of enemy types to cut through with different attack patterns and death animations for each. So while they're pretty one dimensional there is enough variety to keep things engaging. The bosses again draw influence from GoW and are over the top in design and style. With all the brutality War can muster he decimates angel and demon alike.Darksiders doesn't do anything better than any of the games that helped create it, but it all comes together to form a cohesive package that feels genuine. It is lovingly crafted with fantastic art direction. This game may have been released in 2010, but thanks to its artistic style it holds up quite well. Everything is hand drawn from the character models down to the way water splashes when you run through it. Clever use of atmospheric and post processing effects make the world rich in detail and believability. Even the way tree branches shoot out at all angles feels intentional and fits in with this world. For a place that is war torn and apocalyptic this is a place that is verdant and alive. Joe Maduriera helped create the comic style for Darksiders, and with that kind of talent you know you're in for a visual treat.The voice acting is good and the characters are memorable with the stand outs of Vulgrim, Ulthane, and Samael as the most charismatic. I love the bad guys as well as the good ones with all the shades of grey in between. These are characters motivated by personal issues more than good and evil, and you find yourself rooting for some despicably lovable villians throughout the story. The world is fleshed out with lore and culture they made specifically for this story. While the story arc they took in Darksiders 2 is a cliched mess, this game stands out with just enough information given to satisfy and enough mystery to be authentic.Replaying this game made me realize just how much effort they put into all facets, and despite the minor sound and control greivances I have, I can't recommend this title enough. All though if you have played this before the Warmastered edition offers little incentive to return to the apocalypse. 8.5/10"
76561198142383782,Recommended,462780,33759611,Posted: 23 July,all,BioChrone,"Great story, visuals and gameplay. Overall a well-made and polished game."
,Recommended,462780,28368077,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ClassyScotsman,"This is a fantastic game, Ruin can sometimes be a little glitchy, but it is amazing nonetheless. 5 stars."
76561198067193285,Recommended,462780,28102543,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,stonemighthammer,This update is exactly what the original version needed to be a perfect game. The new textures make gameplay a visual thrill all the way through. Excellent work!
,Recommended,462780,28257507,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,qazgosu,Thank you Nordic!Just started playing again ! :D
76561197980650229,Recommended,462780,28340865,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Pendragon,"I played the original and this was just as good the second time round. Great atmospheric plot, hack 'n' slash action and something for the  puzzler in me too. Can't fault it."
76561198067403249,Recommended,462780,28089530,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Swiggity Mcgee,So i just purchased the warmastered edition... and i must say its totally worth the 4 bucks they have it on sale for! I am completely enthralled with the story. I have been wanting to purchase the game for a while because darksiders 2 keeps popping up in my que's i just havnt wanted to purchase it for what it was and that was a huge mistake because so far darksiders 1 is awesome.Pick it up its worth the 4 bucks for a sweet hack'n slash!
76561198062941997,Recommended,462780,28285826,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,mOrpHy BX,Pretty good  !
,Recommended,462780,28146872,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,mbah gundam,Too much fun in it
76561198067192420,Recommended,462780,28089159,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Old Gerg,free update i was hoping for. the old version was really clunky with screen tearing and such. now that its been updated i can finally finisn it!
76561198109329495,Recommended,462780,28289593,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Matt/Milo,Literally one of my favorite games growing up....I am so happy it got remastered!!
76561198078867381,Not Recommended,462780,28120269,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Nugget,"NVIDIA user here. Game is crashing a lot. I'm not having the stutter problems of AMD users, or crashing on cutscenes, but still the game is crashing randomly.The game itself is playable, and it's as awesome as I remember many years ago. But the crashes are frequent enough to make me stop playing.Can't recommend this version right now, but when the bugs are fixed, you got one of the best games of the genre."
76561197984345817,Recommended,462780,28933084,Posted: 2 January,all,paintballer7000,"Very ORIGINAL story, very intriguing ideas. I wish they put more backstory/lore in the game though. Still a plus.Combat looks really cool due to many combos and the fact that you have to always be moving.Boss fights are kinda lame, I needed a walkthrough on about half of them because it’s often not that straightforward. Now that I know the developer’s style though, it’s still a plus.Great, deep dungeons.I hated having to go back through everywhere for newly-reachable loot each time I got a new ability though.Overall, very worth it (especially because I got it on sale). I am moving onto Darksiders 2!"
,Recommended,462780,29022512,Posted: 4 January,all,Mr_Math,"Darksiders has always deserved more attention than it received. When it was released back in 2010, it made just a tiny splash and then faded away. And that's a huge shame because it is a fine entry in the action-adventure genre. It's nothing new or original, combining Zelda-style adventure/exploration with God-of-War-style combat and QTEs, but you don't have to reinvent the wheel to make a great game.And now, the developers have re-released it with upgraded textures and graphical fidelity. For anyone who missed it the first time around, this is the perfect chance to experience the saga of War, the first Horseman of the Apocalypse.Be aware that Warmastered Edition is still somewhat buggy, as of the writing of this review. However, the developers are hard at work on those issues, and are keeping us gamers updated on their progress. In the month since release, the game has been made a lot more stable and playable than it was when it first came out."
,Recommended,462780,28803793,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Aimovoros®,"Even though i am a hardcore fan of the series i will try to be impartial. Darksiders Warmastered is a remaster of an amazing game. The visuals are greatly improved and most of the bugs that came with original version are fixed. Game is running perfectly on newer version of windows too now without any issues what so ever.For those of you that didnt own the game before and/or like God of War series this is a solid must buy titile. You want regret it, believe me.The game offers a wide variaty of gameplay mechanics and satisfying combat. The character is a total badass and the story is pretty cool and epic.TL;DR If you like hack and slash games do your self a favor and buy this game.PS. I really hope this version sells a significant amount of extra copies because i want a sequel of this series so badly!!!"
,Recommended,462780,28768633,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,HeWhosKnownAsIAm,"Remastering done right.I dont take issue with publishers re-releasing games as much as I take issue with them trying to get old customers to pay for what should have amounted to a patch to fix the original game in the first place.Games like Dark Souls II SOTFS, Guacamelee, and How to Survive take the opposite approach and force you to buy the game again to get the ""full version"". This is anti-consumer ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and should not be tolerated or rewarded with new sales.If I pay for a game I expect to recieve all its updates, not just updates until the publisher decides to sell the game again and only patch the new version.THQnordic has extended an olive branch to gamers by allowing previous owners of their rereleases to get a free copy of the updated version. This is a fair compromise. If you never owned the game, you get a chance to play an older game with a fresh coat of paint at little to no additional expense, and if you did own it you recieve a reward for supporting the developers and publishers. This is how remasters should work.As for the game, its alright. Its a God of War style spectical fighter with light RPG elements in the form of weapon leveling.Nothing spectacular, but a decent way to spend some time. It feels like the first act of the game is the strongest with each subsequent act getting weaker and weaker till the game ends.Controls function as intended, hit detection was never a problem, and the game overall is satisfying to play. Balance is a bit of an issue, some moves are VASTLY superior to others so you find yourself using the same combos over and over (once you get the air spin attack you pretty much have no reason to do anything but press and hold X to win every fight).There are worse ways to spend your money and THQnordic should be commended and supported for their consumer friendly practices."
,Recommended,462780,28845908,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mofobian,"I received this game for free because I already own Darksiders and Darksiders II. It's Darksiders, I shouldn't have to say anymore than that, however, I am having some difficulty moving on from the very beginning. It has an error and crashes every time the Chaoseater spawns. So I haven't been able to truly test this updated version of the game out, but because it's Darksiders I know that it's worth recommending. I'm not an avid player of single player games, but this one is like Zelda: Ocarina of Time, worth playing numerous times."
76561197960857910,Recommended,462780,28230278,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,General Platesworth,"This game was an absolute masterpiece to experience for the first time. The clever puzzles, intuitive combat system, and amazing voice acting bring the story to life, and drag you in head first at alarming speed. It is incredible the amount of time they have placed in polishing the face of the product, and the performance is incredible - even on a mid line machine such as mine. I cannot stress enough that if you have already beaten - or - have never played this, that you do so - AND SOON. I owned the original on Xbox 360 when I had dropped from the Master Race, and consider this a must-have now that it is WARmastered. 10/10 once the issue below is fixed.- There are a few cutscene issues I have noticed with sound, voice, and music not being leveled appropriately, so that all you get is the character speaking, and everything else falling into sound limbo. I will remove this from my review once the title is patched. I have read in forums that people are running into several types of other errors as well, but I have experienced none of it. This minor flaw represents very little in the final tally for me."
,Recommended,462780,28096756,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,chupe,"I see people with AMD gpu's complaining, i dont know if its patched but it works fine on my HD7850."
,Recommended,462780,28272150,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[PROZ] Essa Alfan,Performance fixed! thank you.GTX860m.
,Recommended,462780,28088236,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chineesus Clist,"So far, great hack and slash gameplay and cool setting. Recieved it for free which is a bonus. One downside is very patchy performance on my system 90fps in someplaces sub 20fps in others, i've heard its only on amd gpus so hoping for a patch or driver update to fix.Edit: Fps Issues Fixed."
,Recommended,462780,28091289,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CthulhuThug,"I loved it when I got it for my PS3, loved it when I got it on STEAM (regardless of the little issues), I'm LOVING IT right now on this remaster!You freaking NAILED it!The only con I found, and this might be related to my audio selection (Latinamerican Spanish) but in some cutscenes, the audio de-syncs for almost 3 seconds.But anyways, the game looks amazing now.Thanks a lot for the hard work put on this remaster, it really looks you put the effort there!"
,Recommended,462780,28225473,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,RickO,Great game a little glitchy but fun. Kept holding off to get it waited til the black friday sale to get the entire group and it was worth the money. WOuld have paid full price for this game.
76561198120193600,Recommended,462780,28706812,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Francis Pritchard,"Good old hack and slash. It was that simplicity and the interesting puzzle solving from the good old days. No fancy graphics no fancy dialogue. Just plain solid gameplay.Some of the camera angles are kind of awkward but can be easily gotten used to after a while. *note. there will be some bugs with the cursor (aim mode on PC). Hope they fixed it*Overall, I loved it and get to really kill some rage by spilling virtual blood. Super satifactory to kill stuff in this game."
,Recommended,462780,28231462,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,ArcticZenith,Darksiders is a zelda-esque game that can be enjoyed by pretty much anyone.
,Recommended,462780,31903108,Posted: 22 May,all,Pasazera,This game is awesome. Totally worth it!
76561198002414094,Recommended,462780,28096195,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Stager,Great remaster of an excellent game that not enough people played back in the day. Incredibly low launch price and the cherry on top of being free for owners of the original - bought an extra copy just as a way tipping the dev team. Pick it up at the launch price and play it on your holiday downtime - you won't be sorry!
76561198326023938,Recommended,462780,32284874,Posted: 8 June,all,gullyDJ(FFiZ),A good solid hack n slash action kind of RPG game - great graphics - great cut scenes - excellent voice acting - with a rather standard plot but well executed - Good solid gameplay that varies as you face different enemies and puzzles. Its Dark Souls for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- now that aint a bad thing it just means the more normal and less than average player can still play this game and feel like a boss because the combos are easy to pull off - however it isnt a total walk in the park - simple button bashing wont get you though it - even on easy mode you will have to use tactics and timing to take some of the enemies out and solve puzzles. a real bargain when on sale
76561198246609002,Recommended,462780,32357758,Posted: 11 June,all,GeT_LeFt,"Watched my friend playing God of War.=> Wanna play but did not have money to buy console.=> Found out this game.=> Loved it immediately, indeed.People call this ""God of War"" on PC. I did. But now i call God of War ""Darksiders"" on console.Cons: take long time to grind (weapon's experience, horse riding,...) for archivements. I have an OCD on gaming so...Pro: Everything else. (Hey, I'm just a fanboy, dont ask me why)Seriously, if you love action game, try out Darksiders. You wont regret."
76561198239401666,Recommended,462780,32438125,Posted: 15 June,all,Living Will,"I don't know how people are dropping reviews after only a couple of hours of play time but whatever.Got this game with DS2 on sale. So it's got some similarities with other hack and slashers, especially Devil May Cry- but only in regards to setting and story- you'll see when you play it- no spoilers.The actual fighting is really simple. Combos and moves are not hard or complicated to pull off. And investing in the sythe is not really worth it as the main sword does way better damage and will level up faster anyways.This game is almost more of a treasure hunt and puzzle game than a pure fighting game. For instance your combos with the sword are going to only be X, X, X, X. Or a combo of X plus RB or Left stick. Or hold X then press X. Wheras the puzzles really make you think, in fact a good amount of time I would be completely stumped and be on a puzzle for a good while. I only resulted to looking it up online about 3 times, it's funner to figure it out yourself. The puzzles get more complex as the game goes on naturally, as you get more tools in your arsenal to manipulate the environment around you.The tools you get are just that, tools. I thought when I got the cross blade I would be doing more ranged moves or something, similar to when I got the chakras in DMC, but it barely does any damage. It's use is in stunning or locking an enemy and transfering energy in the environment.You're going to see a lot of areas as you play through the game that you can't get to yet, this is to encourage backtracking to 100% the game, I didn't do too much backtracking, just wanted to get the abyssal armor.The enemies; the enemies vary from what I call peons, soldiers and elietes. (then bosses). Peons and soldiers is a snooze fest. Butchering them is no challenge at all. When the game throws in elites that's when it gets interesting, especially when soldiers and peons are getting in the way. You're going to find that you will want to invest heavily in the Dash+X move. It is the fastest move that not only gets you out of trouble, but does a decent amount of damage allowing you to dash out of the way then dash back in for a quick hit, then dash out of the way again.Elites don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about you being in the middle of a combo. So don't start long combo chains on them, they will ♥♥♥♥ you up if you do. Invest in the heavy hitting X slam and the Dash X move. A lot of the time fighting elites is just hitting them a couple of times and dodging everything they do.The actual Wrath abilities are not really useful till the end of the game. The stone armor and flame armor can come in handy when fighting a bunch of people. Spend your points on upgrading a few core abilities and invest in health stones.Great game, especially on sale. If you've got a better eye than me and don't explore too much you could probably beat it in less than 20 hours."
,Recommended,462780,29093409,Posted: 7 January,all,OglebaMode,"I tried to cmplete this game 4 times. 3 Times I've started this game and could never get past meeting vulgrim (or whatever his name is). Why? Because I did not realise how much this game has to offer.First of all, the story line. Its not the best I've experienced, but it has one mighty pro - it does not get annoying or does not get worse towards the end. In fact, it is very simple and interesting. Well done developers. Story  7/10Second, the combat and items. Again, in my opinion there are games that offer better combat system than Darksiders 1. So if you want to buy a game where you want to get combos 200+, go get DmC. Nonetheless, the combat is not  'limited'. I'd rather call it unique. Sometimes you have to find a way to kill an enemy, while 20 dudes are trying to cut ur head off at the same time. 6.5/10The gameplay in general is very good. I enjoyed collecting things and in the end getting a cool reward (play to find out what that is ;) ). I did not notice big difference in graphics but the game was playable and enjoyable, and thats the main qualities any game should have. Game score 8/10"
,Recommended,462780,28092639,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Neep,"This game seamlessly blends the best of some of gaming's brightest franchises. It has smooth God of War style fighting, complete with an assortment of ways to customize your weapons. It has Legend of Zelda inspired world traversal, weapon/tool acquisition, and slight metroidvania style gating of the open world. Portal even finds a way to sneak it's head into this game. Complete with the over the top badass style given to everything by a famed comicbook artist.The game can be more than the sum of it's parts. Yes these might not be original ideas to put in a game, but it picks the best of the best to imitate, and does it well.The Warmastered Edition showed up in my library for free because I own the original version of it. If you didn't like it then, you're not going to like it now. But if you've never played it, this game is a lot of fun for the money. At it's sale price of $4, it's officially a no brainer, and an effortless reccomendation. At it's full price of $20, I'd say it's an easy choice for people who are fans of a ""heaven vs hell vs me"" kind of scenario, fans of over the top comicbook style action, and fans of LoZ & GoW franchises.And needless to say, the new enhancements make the game look mighty purdy. I'm running on Intel CPU and Nvidia GPU, and the game runs like butter down your sister's thighs. This is how you do a remaster."
,Recommended,462780,28241000,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Cuwaert,Haven't had any problems with it since day one. Awesome game!
,Recommended,462780,28149331,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Famed Jarl of the Goat People,"Free upgrade, noticeable difference in graphics. 21:9  support, looks great at 3440x1440 with the better textures. Recommend playing with a controller over KB/M"
,Recommended,462780,28147327,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Sparksrain,"Me:Can you restore the balance?THQ: Well, no, but I can give you a free copy of Darksiders!Me:Do not try to buy me!THQ: No-no-no, it's totally free!Me:...THQ: ...And with improved graphics and perfomance!Me:...THQ: ...And we have already added it to your Steam library!Me:...Me:You won"
76561197999463489,Recommended,462780,29199114,Posted: 12 January,all,Timmy Two Times,"Man I totally ignored this game when it came out because I heard it was trash.  Unfortunately, I think it fell into the ""Hey, it's the year 2010 and we still think Call of Duty is the pinnacle of gaming and anything different must be trash"" syndrome.  This game is brilliant.  I mean sure, it copies a lot of other games, but Dark Souls is basically Dragons Lair when it really comes down to it, and everyone loves that game."
,Recommended,462780,29103512,Posted: 7 January,all,Drunk3n_Axel,"Great Hack and Slash combat and interesting lore.  The warmastered edition looks nice and sharp and support resolution up to 4K.  Not your typical straight forward action game.  Fair warning, this game has some very hard old school and time consuming puzzle to figure out if you're the type to want and figure out on your own.  One particular area toward end game will really test your patience and smarts.  Overall for $5 this is a must play for any action gamer.  Pick it up during a sale.  Very underrated compared to god of war series"
,Recommended,462780,29236106,Posted: 13 January,all,AhmedShehab_95,8/10-Pros:* interesting combat/hack and slash gameplay system.* general plot is okay.* beautiful artstyle and scenery.* cool soundtrack.Cons:* a portion of the game filled with unesseccary annoying puzzles.* usless main weapons-- aside from the main sword-- which you'll be forced to use.* somewhat forgettable characters (wish there was more depth into them).* Controls are not responsive at sometimes.
76561198110794614,Recommended,462780,28084383,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,The Good Dave,"Brief performance analysis of the remaster:I've played through the prologue on two machines now. That's not a lot, but the game only came out a few hours ago. I'll update this if I get further along and find problems. That being said, on both of my computers, the remaster looks and runs great. 1080p/60fps, all settings on max, no problem, my machines aren't even breaking a sweat. One is a 4690k/GTX 770 and the other is a 4790k/GTX 980 Ti. There are people saying this game suffers on AMD cards, but from my experience, the water is fine over at Camp Intel/nVidia."
76561197991485259,Recommended,462780,29242399,Posted: 14 January,all,evilcreme,"Had to wait for patch #5 for Warmastered to work but it was worth the wait.  The remaster is smooth and pretty and I'm enjoying every second of the game.Darksiders for me is Zelda mashed with Devil May Cry.  It's the action RPG I never knew I wanted and I can't wait for number 3.  I am a fan of the art style (though it may not be everyone's cup of tea).If you're a fan of ARPG I can't recommend the Darksiders franchise enough.  The dungeons are engrossing, the characters ooze charisma and the action is fluid and addictive.  The Watcher is voiced by Mark @#$%ing Hamill.*That being said*There are parts of Darksiders 1 that fall into the arcade shooter category that have never sat well with me.  They're okay with a mouse but make me want to punch kittens on a gamepad.   There are also dungeons that extend beyond 'reasonable time expenditures' that can drag into a two or three night ordeal if you don't have a lot of time on your hands.  The camera can obscure things once in a while and resulted in the only deaths I felt were ""unfair"".Both Darksiders 1 and 2 have a plethora of pros and a handful of cons but as a long time gamer I would recommend them wholeheartedly to anyone on the fence.(This review is for the Warmastered edition, I have 38 hours on the regular version.)"
,Recommended,462780,28206981,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Evan,"I originally played this game when it first came a few years ago on the 360, and it was amazing then.I bought the remastered edition a few days ago and played through the entire game since then, and it's been just as much fun as I remembered.  For a 6 year old game it feels like it could've been released for the first time just last week.  The artwork is great in my opinion, the story is extremely gripping, and you get to feel like a badass wandering through the apocalypse.Definitely recommend this game, it's awesome."
76561198088744262,Recommended,462780,28251652,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,VencirGan,"Darksiders is a hack n'slash franchise with a story about the four horsemen. Each game in the series is going to have you playing one of the four, in Darksiders you play as War, a some-what generic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a greatsword. The story is okay, although it ends up just leading you through dungeon to dungeon with some item progression/power progression.TLDR; Okay game with great puzzles and is basically edgy-legend of zelda. If you wanna play a zelda game and don't own a nintendo console and don't like emulators. Here you go. Zelda on steam.Positives:- Decent combat.- Great level design.- Great item and power progression.- A soundtrack that isn't annoying, yes. I can't remember any track, and thats more of a positive than a negative here.Negatives:- Dodge is a bit clunky, sadly it makes it slow to move around.- Moving around is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Its bearable though.- Forgettable soundtrack ?Great game, it feels like edgy legend of zelda. Thats really all I can think of. It has great level/dungeon design, and nice collectables that are well hidden as well as you collecting a certain something to kill the final boss *COUGH COUGH COUGH* TRIFORCE OF COURAGE *COUGH COUGH COUGH* Its amazing."
76561198324040212,Recommended,462780,28659476,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dendy R1,"great game, remind me of devil may cry"
76561198045750077,Recommended,462780,28297708,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Strappin,Totally rad AND cool
76561198113243399,Recommended,462780,28340895,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Tuuuba,"Just loving to play this game again. Glad its makers solved the fps problems for AMD users fairly quicky after launch! Great texture update and i think they made a little tiny changes to mob spawns buuut I might remember wrong. Bough the original version on launch on different platform, and did the same to this but PC this time, and absolutely loving it and recommend to others :)"
,Recommended,462780,28617610,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,FiveNiggahertz,Quite an old game but still worth the time to try and finish it. Would reccomend to other casual players :)
,Recommended,462780,28277742,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Xectro,It was a suprise that I got this for free and I got thrilled. I still haven't finished the game yet but it's great so far. Remastered version runs much smoother. I'm able to run this on max settings 1080p 60fps on my GTX 960m.
,Recommended,462780,28277825,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,kwhitwam91,"Im loving this remaster so far, smooth gameplay at 60fps at 4k and its a free upgrade to previous owners. Only problem ive found is with the cutscene audio, everything other than voicing is too quite.All in all a solid 9/10 for this masterpiece."
76561198005305760,Recommended,462780,28367439,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,zabatena,Great game. Now add the fov slider to Darksiders II.
76561198015914785,Recommended,462780,28102923,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rebel,"**For those of you using AMD cards. This game does not run great... at first. The opening scene in the city was averaging around 35 FPS. This is insane for a game that came out on the Xbox 360. After leaving the entry area and being sent back, the frame rate jumped to 90 FPS and hasn't been an issue. I'm playing on max settings with FXAA using borderless windowed. I'm currently using a 390 8GB i5-6600k both at stock clocks. My other system using a 560TI from Nvidia has experienced zero of these issues**Darksiders is a fantastic game that borrows from many different titles. Zelda, God of War, and even Portal. The fast paced action and tight controls help drive this intense and challenging hack and slash romp. While some of the visuals haven't held up and some mechanics may be overused, no one should overlook Darksiders."
76561198140843372,Recommended,462780,28104332,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,rctemp34,"A Great Game just got better, worth every penny...<3"
76561198013078983,Recommended,462780,28103199,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,AngryViking,"best thing ever to happen  - on morden beast of a gamer pc - 144hz , superb big speakers of surround sound and then this game ,glories and runs smoothly great so far ."
76561198059352310,Recommended,462780,28105782,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Chaos farmskins.com,12/10 would recommend
,Recommended,462780,28335969,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Stardust,"I will repost what I posted for the regular version of this game to add to the positive reviews seeing that us owners of the old game got given this version for free and the devs are quick to give updates and fix issues.""This was a fantastic hack and slash dungeon crawler that I enjoyed immensly. There are tons of secrets and upgrades to find with areas you have to revisit later on to get access to previously unreachable sections if you want to collect everything. The combat is brutal and bloody and the boss fights reminded me of Zelda games, challenging yet fair boss fights where you have to find each boss's weakness. Overall if you like action games I recommend picking this one up even at the full price. """
76561197988593729,Recommended,462780,28345345,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Sm4sh3D,"Excellent remaster, runs silky smooth, looks much better and every little bug/glitch/crash has been fixed."
76561198046515209,Recommended,462780,28366967,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Niddler,"What a great game this is. It's brutal, yet very challenging. Like to slay monsters with overdimensioned swords ? Ofc you do !Like to grind and explore all corors of a game and get more powerful with artifacts you find ? Yes you f-ing do!Also like to play offline without the need of playing with others? Then what are you waiting for? GET IT!The ultimate (perhaps only) puzzle-slaying-demon hunting game out there. Challenging and brutal.Also war is one of the 4 apocalypse horsemen. More info if you wiki it. It's interesting."
,Recommended,462780,29293589,Posted: 16 January,all,Red,"After the plethora of remasters that has came out over the last year or so this might be the first one that legitimately can be called one. Warmastered edition puts you back into the great game that is the darker side of zelda otherwise known as Darksiders. Including numerous performance fixes both in overall stability and controls, mouse controls now work in a decent manner and everything seems a bit more responsive. These are noticeable and deserving because of the poorly made pc ports that the Darksiders franchise has been plagued with, so it was extremely refreshing to play the game without having to fight the game to play it. As for aesthetics the menus, hud, and other game elements are highly upres'd, and there are significant upgrades to textures and graphics as a whole. A great installment to revisit or experience the great game that it is. 8/10"
76561198116659355,Recommended,462780,28319429,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Beatrized,Oyunun atmosferi beni bambaşka bir dünyaya götürdü diyebilirim. Dev kapı adama borozan üfleyip onu uyandırdığımda ve dungeon'a girdiğimde fark ettim War olmadığımı. Dungeonlar genel olarak sıkıcı geldi bana bakalım zamanla oynayarak anlıyacağız. Açık dünyası çok ilgi çekici ama.Önerim konsolla oynamanız çok daha eğlenceli oluyor oyun. İndirime girdiğinde Franchise Pack almalısınız 15 tl ye aldım ben. Hikayeside iyiye benziyor bakalım neler olacak. Kısaca alın diyelim.
76561198093673559,Recommended,462780,33014334,Posted: 29 June,all,Jusan,"this is my reveiw...though this was an excelent game, i love this series."
76561198041973673,Recommended,462780,29051462,Posted: 5 January,all,Red Salamando,"It's like a Zelda game that can't decide on what it wants to be.Game review:It's edgier Zelda, but if Zelda wanted to be 5 other things at the same time and couldnt decide which one to be until it stuck with wanting to be Zelda.The first couple of hours are a hack-n-slash until the point where it feels that's about it, until it throws a couple of challenges at you. ""Defeat 5 enemies using Parries!"", ""Defeat 10 enemies using only environmental kills!"", and so forth. It does this a couple of times during the beginning until it slaps Zelda right into your face to throw you off. But not before the flight segment where you're shooting down enemies on a gryphon like Starfox. Two whole hours of mashing that X button turns into puzzles and a small amount of platforming, then it goes back tomashing that X buttonZelda? Wait, why is Portal here now? What happened to the challenges and the button mashing? Oh well, atleast the action parts are great and the dungeons are good.It's literally a game where you turn your brain off, but just enough to endlessly mash buttons, and be able to turn it back on for the puzzles.If you like mashing buttons and puzzles, with a tad bit of exploring and getting collectibles in an adventure game, this is probably for you.Achievement review:Definitely one of those games you want to play first on Normal, then go to the Hard mode. Some achievements are missable, but easily redoable on Hard once Normal is 100%'d. It's mostly just a bunch of collecting and some backtracking. Oh, and farming souls for about 2 hours.Numbers are tied to one save/profile, I noticed in my 2 playthroughs. Save #1 can have 10 environmental kills and Save #2 can have 5, but the achievement will not add up to 15 kills. You have to get all kills on a single Save, which is why I recommend doing EVERYTHING on Save #1 until all you need is Hard mode done.The hardest achievement isriding on a horse for 3 hours. Yes, Im serious."
,Not Recommended,462780,29608787,Posted: 31 January,all,TM_McCool,"Game glithed about 2/3 in, making me unable to continue. After losing all progress I made that evening I did not feel like playing the same ~5 hours again. While looking for help I found that this bug was also in the original version and people had informed the devs. It is embarrassing that this kinds of bugs are still in the remastered version. Game also crashed couple of times while playing.Still enjoyed playing the game itself, but sadly can't recommend in its current state. If you decide to buy just make sure to make multiple saves and save often so you don't end up like me."
,Recommended,462780,28315286,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Stevey,"Pretty much how you do a perfect remaster.Looks better and runs better than the original, without changing anything gameplay related.Well worth buying."
,Recommended,462780,28132521,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,TheLazyGun™,"edit : amd patch resolved all my issues in the first areaunfortunately since im an AMD GPU it is completely unplayable for me  running at 11-13 fps in the starting tutorial areahopefully this will be fixed as i really enjoyed the darksiders seres and appluad nordic for remastering them and giving it out for free, for that alone im going to leave a positive even though i cannot play it ):specswin 10r9 290i7-4770k16gb ram"
,Recommended,462780,28248329,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Archangelion,"Dear God is this game amazing. It's got all the hack 'n slash of God of War, with all the mind picking puzzles of Legend of Zelda. The story is interesting and just in-depth enough to keep you asking questions even when one of them is answered. Highly recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198018986469,Recommended,462780,28132071,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,easyrandom,Loved that the developer released this edition. If you like games similar to God of War and solving puzzles!
,Recommended,462780,28151576,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,BriarHopper,"Absolutely stunning remaster and well worth the price tag; especially for those who want to induldge in some nostaligia!  I bought the original game not too long ago and then Steam ended up giving me a free copy of the Warmastered Edition which is beyond generous.  The difference between the effects, terrain, and everything is very noticable and well-polished."
76561198074239529,Recommended,462780,31528559,Posted: 3 May,all,xX_SirPsycho_Xx,"Runs great, even on a standard Laptop! Love this game and looks beautiful."
76561198201260123,Recommended,462780,28277715,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Llama Crispies,You play as a junk armored guy hitting stuff with big swords.
76561198116476438,Recommended,462780,28293342,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Rexe108,Brilliant Game as always with the Darksider series however they need to fix one or two bugs like camara moving by it's self but still a awsome game.
,Recommended,462780,28278035,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,feal87,"Great remaster, smooth, no bugs, great. Simply great!"
76561198093363183,Recommended,462780,30440566,Posted: 10 March,all,Smackm0nk3y,"I didn't like it at first, but after a good hour I found it to be really great and enjoyed it all the way through.  It reminds me a lot of Zelda, just with Demons, Angels, etc.  Gameplay is really good with lots of variety to keep the game interesting.  I enjoyed the story too.  All in all a great game."
,Recommended,462780,28102201,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mhenryblack,"Love the game.  Port needs some tweaking.  I have heard that cutscene audio is out of sync on all platforms.  It is on mine.Also, there is video clipping/freezing on the intro movie, and the vigil logo before the game starts.The game it self looks great, not dramatically better than it did before, but it might make a more significant difference in 4k or other super hd resolutions.I think they will likely resolve any issues with patches.  Even now, I don't consider the game unplayable, the actual ""game"" portion runs great.  just the cutscenes have issues."
,Recommended,462780,28337613,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,swamp_roo™,"- I recieved the game for free as I already owned the original version of Darksiders -What a game.Joe Mad's art style, the Zelda-esque progression, God of War brutality culminates in an experience I enjoyed profoundly.I think I played this when it first released. I'd actually not even heard of it, back on console gaming days and prior to when i started keeping tabs on gaming news ect. All I knew is the title sounded kinda cool but also could have been indictadive of something completely mediocre but from the second War popped his Chaos form and i slaughtered angels and demons with brutal indifference, I knew it would at the very least be a whole lot of fun. I never finished it though as my patience and attention span were what you'd expect of a teenager, so the Warmastered Edition was the perfect opportunity to remedy that. Free doesn't hurt.The combat is about what you'd expect of a third person hack 'n slash post Devil May Cry and God of War. I'd say it's a little more GoW than DmC as it doesn't necessarily facilitate the kind of flashy combos you juggle as Dante, rather chaining combos to get the finisher button prompt to appear over an enemies head. I wouldn't say it's necessarily worse than DMC and GoW, you could aptly label it as derivative but a competent sister of deriviative. It's weighty, brutal and satisfying.Though it doesn't facilitate flashy DMC3 combos it does offer varied playstyles.There are various weapons and equipment to unlock as you progress in a Zelda-like fashion. War is tasked with killing 4 'Chosen Ones' each located in their own unique area similar to that of the temples in Ocarina of Time. Each of these areas provides War with a new gadget//weapon used to navigate through these areas, solving puzzles or the core mechanic of the ensuing boss fight; which is often almost a puzzle itself.The gadgets can often be used to access collectibles in areas you couldn't reach previously, in a very Zelda-Metroidvania way.The equipment ranging from a pistol, hookshot, crossblade (basically boomerang from OoT), tremor gauntlet, scythe and so forth. I found that outside of using the gadgets to access secret areas, traversing the levels or solving puzzles, I didn't find them all that useful in combat or at leat didn't suit my playstyle.The three main weapons are the ChaosEater sword, Scythe and Gauntlet- All three level up as you collect souls from fallen enemies you kill with them. I tended to stick with sword and used the gauntless occasionally and the Scythe not at all. As for the gadgets like the pistol, hookshot, crossblade ect I almost never used in combat. I'm not sure if they just weren't effective or just didn't suit my playstyle but the variation is there for those that want it.In terms of progression, the souls you earn from killing enemies can also be used at a vendor. At the vendor you can purchase new moves and higher level versions of them, consumables and Wrath abilities. The four Wrath abilities available to War are;Blade Geyser - a circle of blades emerge from the ground around War and damage enemies,Stoneskin - reduces damage inflicted and increases damage,Immolation - sets War on fire, dealing fire damage when attacking and enemies seem to be set alight when in range,Affliction - used to poison enemies and damages them over time.I found Stoneskin and Immolation to be the most useful. Switching between them depending on whether i was on the defense or offensive. I found Blade Geyser, even when upgraded, to be hardly worth using at all. and Affliction I never used as I found Stoneskin and Immolation to work in most situations.These abilities requires Wrath to use, the wrath bars can be filled by killing enemies with the chain of dropping wrath souls or various chests containing exclusively wrath souls. The bars are either slowly depleted as you have the abilities activated (Immolation//Stoneskin) or immediately use up a number of bars (Blade Geyser//Affliction). The amount of Wrath or Health bars War has can be upgraded by finding Health and Wrath shards throughout the world.Health//Wrath shards aren't the only collectibles to be found in the world. There are passive abilties to be found in chests that can be equiped to weapons. Most of them just provide passive stats such as; increase to souls reaped when using weapon, increased ranged damage ect the most interesting imo is the passive abilities that applies fire damage to the slected weapon. Again, a nice variation of abilities to mix and match with your selected playstyle but not something I found I had to tinker with too much to progress through the game.Abyssal Armor shards are secret collectibles to be found, once all 10 are collected War is equipped with a new armor set that reduces inc damage. I found this armour sset paired with Stoneskin, mitigated a lot of damage in the later game. Perhaps making the boss fights a little easier than they were probably intended to be.The other huge aspect of the game is the puzzles. These are most often found in the 'temples' leading to the Chosen One boss fights. I think this is often where the worst parts of the game design can be found as some puzzles are either really really easy or left me ♥♥♥♥ing stumped. The most egregious of these being avoiding the styrgian sand worm as you run across the platforms. I was stuck on that area for at least an hour and when I beat it, It felt more like blind luck than something I figured out. The frustrating puzzles were few but they're glaring poor design in an otherwise fun game.The story isn't incredibly engaging either. I mean it's not bad. It's serviceable. Propells the story forward and the voice acting is what it needs to be. But it's fairly light, overall. I think the character designs are more interesting than the characters themselves. But an engaging deep narrative isn't why I play games like Zelda and it's certainly not why I enjoy Darksiders.There isn't much replay value to be had either. If you unlocked the Abyssal armour, I think you can start a new game with that armour equipped but there's not a real New Game + to speak of and nor is there any post story content. I don't think it necessarily needed it, but it would have been nice to have something to do with a fully upgraded War.Overall, I think it's a great game. It's the closest thing to a darker/more adult Zelda game we may ever get.The extremely comic book premise bustles with satisfying brutal violence that pops with Joe Mad's artstyle. Engaging combat and varied playstyles makes up for the fluctuating puzzle designs and light story. If you go in with the intentions of cutting the heads of demons, ripping the wings from an angels back and listening to the grim musings of an ill proportioned stoic proagonist - you'll have a good time."
76561198117169499,Recommended,462780,28142210,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Soldier of Dawn,"AMD user here.  A 48.1MB update was downloaded recently and now the game runs smooth for me at least.  60FPS on a 1080p 60Hz monitor with max settings with very little drop in frame rate.My rig:CPU:  AMD FX-9590GPU:  R9 390RAM:  32GB DDR3 CL10 2400MHzMotherboard:  Sabretooth 990FX R2.0OS:  Windows 10 64bitHard drive:  2TB SSHDMonitor: 1080p @ 60HzThis game is a classic with updated visuals.  A must have, especially if it is on sale!"
76561198037126760,Recommended,462780,28284110,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dumbarse,Ive been having a great time. I think im about half way thru. I loaded it up today to play a bit more and all of my savegames are corrupted.Its not a new problem and it would be nice if the devs had worked on this before launching the Warmastered edition.
76561198097660975,Recommended,462780,28385173,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Monocle,"Good game, now with some better visuals. Received it for free, not sure why maybe because I owned the original or because I own darksiders 2 deathinitive edition aswell."
76561198039938714,Recommended,462780,28151003,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,deathimion,"i dl the new patch, the graphics fixed but the game goes slow   after 2 minutes gameplay (AMD RX 470)"
76561198047814876,Not Recommended,462780,28263869,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,thegattis,Cannot recommend right now. I am having unplayable FPS on AMD Radeon RX 480 after two patches.
76561198023344725,Not Recommended,462780,33205377,Posted: 3 July,all,Kharga Khan,Damn! The game is good! But there are a lot of bugs with sound and game crushes as it was in original version as well. And it's like a doom: I can't finish this game because of these problems. Pity.
,Not Recommended,462780,29605260,Posted: 31 January,all,Tenebre Nightwalker,"Ok seriously, this game's controls are beyond frustrating, I've gotten stuck twice, the camera angles get really irritating after you have to use things like a grapple and the amount of backtracking in this game is monotonous and beyond annoying. Want more in depth? Here you go. If not, feel free to click off or scroll away.______________Frustrating Controls______________In my opinion, this hinders the game the most. The amount of times that I've tried to execute a certain combo with the scythe that ends up doing another one that I don't want is beyond frustrating. Especially when you want to level your weapons up to get better gear to progress quicker.______________Gotten Stuck Twice______________So as soon as I got the grapple, I grapple through a gap to the other side but do it at a bit of an angle which I can admit should have done straight on but I collide with the wall opposite me and land into a bunch of invisible wall scenery lodged into the wall. I tried transforming to make myself bigger to get out, I tried grappling on the nearby point, I tried mashing every button and way I could think of but I had to reset. This is something that should not be happening in a game about timing. Especially if you stuff up unintentionally, you don't want to be permanently punished for it. I know you can save and load at any time but it doesn't make it any less annoying.______________Camera Angles______________When I've been grappling around certain places, even adjusting your angle manually, every now and again no matter how much you are allowed to adjust it, you can't see where you land so you have to guess. That's NOT good game design. I want to SEE where I want to land.______________The Backtracking______________Every time and I mean EVERY time you get something new, you have to backtrack almost the whole section of the map just to get around to get where you're going and the Vulgrim points are scarce. I don't care if you have a manual save or not. Travelling to and from shops is boring and dull. It should not be boring and dull.I will finish Darksiders 1 soon and when I do, I plan on editing this review to add more when I find any. I am not happy with my experience so far and if you think you can stand 10+ hours of frustration then I applaud you and you are more patient than I... even though I'm a patient guy... but hey... that's my review......for now."
,Recommended,462780,32021668,Posted: 28 May,all,真 MUTANT OVERLORD(off.until1.11),"Good mix of Devil May Cry combat with Zelda like dungeons, puzzles and bosses with a bit of God of War navigation."
,Not Recommended,462780,31553891,Posted: 4 May,all,Timeshock,"I've decided to review this game after finally completing it. It's a game people boast is like LoZ and a remastered version to a very buggy and horrid port that fixes a lot of the problems. Ultimately, comparing it to LoZ is a damned insult and it's still a mediocre to bad game as a result. I'm going to list a pro's and con's to this game because last review was filled with strawman arguments and nerd raging with one that had a valid complaint to my previous review.Pro's+You play as the Horseman War(Death is the protaganist of the 2nd game but for some reason Pestillence and Famine were changed to Fury and Stryfe...makes no sense but it's the creators world)+The lore and concept is amazing but suffers from stale, unoriginal gameplay.+The combat in the beginning is increasingly awesome.+The story cutscenes build a world and story that for all intents of purposes makes complete sense.+There is a lot of hidden collectibles in the game for those who like to cover every inch of a map.+The ultimate armor is easy to find and doesnt require travelling the entire boring world for a 2nd time.Cons-The enemies are very weak in supply and almost a complete joke.-The game suffers from unnecessary cinematic moments where opening a door is pause for 10 seconds(For a relatively newer game it makes no sense to prolong your game with that crap)-I mentioned the gameplay is fun at first...until you realize thats basically it and very little differs from beginning to end.-You get new items and abilities but stoneskin is easily the only useful one to make your player unkillable and tanky...no need to doge anything.-Certain mechanics fail to work properly and take many tries so you might randomly succeed even though you've done nothing different(Hookshot and the portal gun)-The portal gun marks the worst part of this game...you go from having an okay time killing demons and angels to a straight up 2 hour long puzzle adventure and will become bored out of your mind.(I had to netflix some spartacus on my 2nd monitor just to make it through) and even then I decided to drink to make it a little more interesting.-The boss designs are either interesting or complete run of the mill type altho neither help the complete and easy mechanic of repeating the same thing 3 times to kill each.-The final boss is such a joke I was sure my game glitched when it said I had beaten him...-A lot of the collectibles mean you have to go through every level again and meticulously play the game again(minus cutscenes and bosses) to ensure you have everything...I skipped them.-If you want to powerup your character to full not only do you have to travel the world again like I said before but you have to farm monsters for HOURS AND HOURS to get every upgrade from the store(knowing full well you just running through is more than enough to defeat the jokes that are the enemies).In my final words I'll remark that if you have time and A LOT OF PATIENCE! I'd buy this game on sale for 10$ or less and deem it worth it. Just overall they charged too much for a game where the original wasn't even a functioning game but expect you to pay for an actual working version. This game defines the phrase ""mixed feelings"". I hear the 2nd one improves with actual RPG elements but in case it's just as dissappointing I'm going to wait a few months to play it.P.S. Add a puzzle tag to this product because those hours of puzzles was the dumbest change of pace a game could have ever included...goes from hack and slash button mashing for 8-12 hours to a non-combat puzzle quest game for 2-4 hours straight depending on the person and their willingness to look up youtube videos.In the end this is all my opinion of the game after word of mouth about how amazing it is and how I perceived it to be. I do regret my earlier purchase but saw it through to the end."
,Not Recommended,462780,32026373,Posted: 28 May,all,StShigame,"Medium sized review, summary at the end.Darksiders is a 'fast' paced hack n slash action adventure game. There are enemies, puzzles and platforming. Although the game has all the makings of a God of War game I can't help but find it lacking. My biggest issue is pacing, on normal difficulty you will often find yourself cutting through the weakest of enemies 4, 5, 6 times ticking away precious seconds on the same combat. The incentives for using anything other than your sword (outside of puzzles) are minimal. I was surprised by the sheer number of weapons and items in the game (which is a plus for the game), but even so I feel that I stick to the same methods of killing time after time.And then you get a break...a break from the drawn out repetitive combat mechanics to do a puzzle. Which I will admit, the puzzles can be fun at times, but they also end up taking a lot longer then I would expect. This is not due to difficultly in most cases, most of them take only seconds to figure out. I find that you end up missing elements because you have to wait for a piece of environment to rotate around to re-apparate and then you may miss it again, and you waste time twiddling your thumbs trying to finish just a simple puzzle.Calling this an action game, while not untrue, seems a bit indulgent to me. The number of times I felt like the action was vestigial to the overall experience has taken it's toll.I like Darksiders, but I cannot recommend it as a good example of an action adventure game. It is in serious need of a diet (highly unlikely years after it's release). I guess you could say it is 'dated', but God of War is also old and it's pacing is much more appropriate. In short, it just comes up lite on the gratification, I feel like I am working really hard for a very simple game and gaining not much to show for it. Even the ultimate can only really kill one elite in the late game. This is a game that takes a lot more patience then you would expect from an Action Adventure game with a fairly simple story.TL;DR: Darksiders is fun, but takes a lot of patience to play. Combat can drag on and puzzles and level design can be a bit tedious to get through. Be prepared to play for a lot longer than you would expect if you want to beat the game."
,Recommended,462780,28701347,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lued123,"They might as well take the original version off the Store at this point. Fantastic remaster. A direct upgrade.As for the game, think Zelda, but not afraid to tear a few heads off."
76561198148843622,Recommended,462780,31800058,Posted: 16 May,all,anas_alhosni,"um, same what i said about darksiders 2. awesome combat, puzzles and game length."
76561198067035621,Recommended,462780,32386495,Posted: 13 June,all,Garpike,Play on apocalyptic you ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,462780,32975352,Posted: 28 June,all,ParaWalkingDick,great game does stuff
,Recommended,462780,32404686,Posted: 13 June,all,rk is the best Nasus EU,Like Dirt Rally with a little bit of Civilization V
,Recommended,462780,28677284,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,frogbound,The Legend of Zelda has never looked so good.Amazing game.10/10 thank you Nintendo.
76561198131945554,Recommended,462780,32611036,Posted: 20 June,all,JetBlackJack,NiceStory.GoodGameplay.NiceMusic 8/10
76561198081913947,Recommended,462780,31937575,Posted: 24 May,all,gundamac2004,"Ok..even though this game is definately dated THQ did a really good job cleaning up the image quality of this title FULL 1080P! But with that being said there are various bugs even after (supposedly) the game being optimised for it's PC debut. If you don't take kindly to puzzle/hack and slash games that sometimes just leaves a ? behind some of the design reasoning of certain levels (Light Keeper level you know who you are). This game may NOT be for you also as the game was originally designed for the use of a control pad the PC controls at times can be rather fustrating and confusing way to much switching between tabs, shift, alt, commands and so forth during game play! It just take away from the overall experience..Wayyy better if you own a controller and if FULL controller support is available I personally feel you'll enjoy the game a lot more.  Now.. if those small (in my opinion) gripes are not a deal breaker and you're a fan of the genra give Darksiders Warmastered Edition a try for $4.99 you really can't beat the overall value this game presents."
,Recommended,462780,28196656,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Chasm of Ass,"+Amazing Voice Acting+Awesome Character Design+Clean and Brutal Animations+Responsive Controls-Shallow Combat-Puzzles Too Easy""The universe... is sick, Horseman.""9/10"
76561198081074888,Recommended,462780,29864819,Posted: 11 February,all,HijoDePuta,One of the best and most enjoyable games I've ever played.
,Recommended,462780,32917966,Posted: 28 June,all,Khal Drogo,"Death's combos' were better in every way but War is ok, too I guess.And voice actor of War is the guy who also voices Illidan in WoW WHICH IS AMAZING!"
,Recommended,462780,33250779,Posted: 4 July,all,HerosR,Played the game trough complition. it in my top ten game i like
,Recommended,462780,29150779,Posted: 9 January,all,BrawnierRiver1,Same awesome game and way more better graphics.
,Recommended,462780,31118417,Posted: 13 April,all,Borge,"This game is really easy to recommend if you want to play an action movie, with a lot of cartoony gore. It is quite a large game and you start to see some sort of formula they when designing the dungeons. A couple of on rails shooter segments like other games released this time. It crashed once for me during the final boss battle otherwise no problems with performance. It looks great and getting a remastered game for free if you own the original."
76561198167293980,Recommended,462780,34392515,Posted: 21 August,all,Qrow,"Darksiders Warmastered edition is a game i bought along with the original and darksiders 2. However i only thought i waws buying Darksiders Warmastered Edition so i got a nice little surprise. The game is a great hack and slash and a great way to get your anger out : ""DIE YOU PATHETIC SMALL ZOMBIE HUMAN! DIE!"" is what i like to think to myself when playing this game. It seems like an open world game but i find it very enclosed but thats only at the point where i am at in the game. Overwall it is a good game. Get all of the games tho so you can play them all and have more fun"
76561197978049429,Recommended,462780,30188232,Posted: 25 February,all,Dreamcatcher,"The first impression I had with this game was that it was similar to Zelda, and I was quite surprised to see other gamers feeling the same way. Overall, the story was average (not bad not good) and the game had a balance of gory hack and slash action together with puzzles. What I really hated about this game was the Black Throne level. The reason for this was because a lot of the puzzles were challenging, which is okay, but just the fact that it was literally endless.... Kind of reminds me of the Water Temple from Zelda. Another HUGE BUG that these clowns didn't fix is the horse mount bug. Countless times you summon your horse and War will keep jumping off. THIS IS unacceptable especially when you get to a certain boss fight stage where you constantly have to be on a horse. Overall, not a bad game, but with annoying flaws."
76561198340787306,Recommended,462780,30441254,Posted: 10 March,all,Lagudacris,at first i thought i wouldnt like this kind of game but after reading all the reviews and buying the THQ pack thats on sale this week i am totally glad i tried this out. well done game
76561198024984866,Recommended,462780,30453532,Posted: 11 March,all,Circles,"Very good game with one terrible flaw, the camera. I'll recommend it, but be warned that the camera work in some fights, especially the boss fights, are going to frustrate you to no end. Other than that it's a good experience."
76561198070124720,Recommended,462780,32756293,Posted: 24 June,all,Arigon,"This game was excellent, I had a ton of fun, the collectables are worth going for but be prepared for some kinda grindy hack and slash gameplay and some difficult puzzles. All in all the game was ♥♥♥♥ing great!"
76561198021757575,Recommended,462780,28128501,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,Same As The Last One Just Better Graphics I Guess!!!
,Recommended,462780,28087296,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,sebo,"Best thing to happen to Darksiders? -----> Nordic Gamesvery much unexpected and made my day.. to see an epic game revived and given some PC love, which the orginal game kind of lacked. kudos Nordic (THQ) and many thanks. can you send a hint of DS3 coming soon??!"
,Recommended,462780,28089438,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Alexander,"So I finished the entire game with all the achievements that are availble, with a gtx 970 and an AMD FX8350, I did not suffer a single fps drop from 60 during the entire run (the old version had issues with that). The most notorious improvements are the following:- bumped texture resolution- The cutscenes have a higher resolution now but you will notice it is not in-game if you happen to complete the abys armor, during cutscenes, the armor does not render on the character- If you happen to farm souls in the ashlands (Best time saver), you will be able to re-spawn a higher number of riders before the game starts glitching, it seems the engine is able to allocate more memory now."
76561198182753941,Recommended,462780,28147058,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Katy Perry,"I'm on a 980 Ti and have had 0 crashes and it runs smoothly at 60 frames at all times, didnt even know they were doing this but im not complaining when a good game shows up remastered for free in my inventory, if you hadnt played the game before, this is a great time to pick it up."
,Recommended,462780,28196089,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,☢T0X1CG4M3R 2025☢,This game is a blast to play!!!10/10- T0X1C
76561198018894642,Recommended,462780,29176493,Posted: 10 January,all,Amjara,"I recieved this product for free as I already owned the original version of both Darksider games in my library. However I only played a little bit of 2 so far. I am so happy I waited! I am loving number 1 right now and the graphics are great. No bugs, no crashing and interesting story! Very happy I did not get far into number 2 so I can experience the fun and rich story that is the first one. Highly recommend both games if you don't own them!"
,Recommended,462780,32579580,Posted: 19 June,all,Megumin,"This game is super bad♥♥♥♥♥ played this game before it warmastered edition was released and i absolutely loved it but when you add cool graphics unto a bad♥♥♥♥♥game that's the time you'll have an ♥♥♥♥♥♥.. lol.. awesome game, and i love it finished, try apocalyptic mode it give us challenge ;) can't wait for Darksiders 3"
76561197974106428,Recommended,462780,28342921,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Kamano,"I was already playing the original Darksiders a few years ago and loved it. This remaster is the modern edition this game deserves. It's got nice HD grafics and better shaders, and it is running flawlessly on modern systems. Unfortunately they didn't change some silly GUI buttons that obviously made it to the PC version because it was ported from consoles, what has been used with controllers only. For example in your inventory you can't click on the map-button, you need to click on the arrow buttons until the map button gets highlighted. But you get used to it and the controls of you character with keyboard and mouse is just fine, there is really no need to buy a controller to enjoy the game! :)If you don't know the game yet but you like to play action-adventures and this comic art style (I personally think it is just awesome!) you should not miss this gem, go and buy it now! ;)If you already were playing the original Darksiders on consoles and are looking forward to play the game again on high definition grafics, you also could consider to buy this one as well. However in that case I'd probably wait for a sale so you don't feel like you bought the game twice. The primary changes seems to be rather only on the optical side plus Steam trading cards and cloud save support and obviously some technical fixing that are behind the scenes."
76561197970687383,Recommended,462780,28769317,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,A Nameless Ghoul,real great remastered version for a classic that i never got into. thanks to this awesome job of upping the grafix and the obvious nice base-game it's a brilliant Zelda game for adults with some biblical elements and hack'n'slash mechanics!please: more remasters like this one!
76561198139013554,Recommended,462780,28110478,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,passerywy0,"This remaster is an remarkable posture for Nordic to be ""new THQ""Colorful tone replace the formor dim image is really makes my eye comfortable.anyway keep working THQNordic, looking forward you bring more exquisite games for world.by the way, the next two section of Darksiders should have no one else but Joe Madureira to be the main art director!!!"
,Recommended,462780,28328731,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Interactive Civilian,"Still the same great Darksiders, but looking nicer and with customizable FOV. I loved the original enough to go through and get 100% achievements. Re-visiting the game in this edition to do the same was a joy.Darksiders has great style, an interesting story, fun exploration, good skill and character progression, fun fighting, and despite being rather melodramatic, the voice-acting is good and fits the tone of the game.It's fun. It plays well. It's worth it, if you don't already have it.Hint: You'll probably want to play with a controller. KB/M is fully workable, but for the most part it's much more comfortable with a gamepad, IMHO. :)Disclaimer: I did get this for free, for owning the original Darksiders on Steam. Be sure to check your library, if you already owned the previous game."
76561198032703948,Recommended,462780,33780840,Posted: 24 July,all,That Casul Guy,"7/10 Judeo-Christian Zelda/Soul Reaver/TombRaider/DevilMayCry/Castlevania:Lords of Shadow2 rip off mashupStory:Not bad really, it was never going to be amazing or with stellar characterisation. It was an interesting take on the Judeo-Christian myth. There is a lot left open and it not surprising there are sequels. I would expect 4 of these games if they can keep turning a profit. I wont spoil it but basically War is summoned to end the human world, but it was a mistake, cue revenge and intrigue. All pretty obvious and characters are all typically 1 dimensional just like the core source material. Dont go in expecting any massively insightful narrative, it's by the numbers, but it knows what it is and doesnt seem to take itself too seriously.Graphics:Solid, cartoonish in an everything is impossibly oversized sort of way (reminds me of warhammer and warcraft art style), not spectacular detail which means you should get great frame rates. Limited resolution options, likely tied to the console version limitations. Even as a port it looks great and only a couple of times had frame dips, but they were during cutscenes which are all rendered in engine, but seemed pre-recorded for most due to things like armour being constand or buffs not being present (entered a lot with Stoneskin up, but it didnt always appear). The dips were more to do with the actual cutscene capture than the engine struggling from what I could see. Generally all the in game effects are well done but very much typical for the different events that trigger many of them.Sound:Not much music or it plays very softly most of the time (what I heard sounded very Soul Reaver-esque), a lot of SFX which is pretty solid. Voice acting through out is great too. Only problem is during cutscenes the sound can dip out for some characters or just the background noise, seems almost like an audio depth of field problem than actual sound, so the engine thinks the sound is coming from a long way away when for the cutscene it should be played more loudly for the atmosphere of the moment. Also the sond is very loud genreally, I had to turn down my audio quite a lot from the typical setting I use for games. Regardless, the sound problems in cutscenes dont happen a lot and is overlookable as I dont think this game is the type to be aiming for any major awards for it's sound design.Gameplay:Solid, responsive action puzzle platforming. If you have played a Zelda game, or a Soul Reaver game you will see a lot of familiarity here, the whole game massive aspects of it seemed like call backs to Soul Reaver 2. Lots of puzzles, each zone is practically a giant sequential puzzle to do with the latest item you acquire (ala Zelda/SR temples), and to be quite honest they were a lot more of what I was expecting in reboot of Tomb Raider (TR and RotTR) for the amount of time you will be running around pulling switches, triggering things and moving forward. It is very much like a Zelda game but without most of the openworld aspects, and is almost completely linear with a little backtracking to find collectibles that are typically resource pool increasers.Combat is pretty simple with a couple of weapons, and many of your utility items finding combat applications. It is fast paced if you want, doesnt require a lot of thought and aside from boss fights and set pieces (which if you have played DMC you will recognise the room is suddenly locked, kill everything to progress system) pretty much all combat can be ignored or bypassed. Combat is a very simplified DMC style, with combos but they are not numerous, there are maybe 4 at most with varying effectiveness or are catered for dealing with different enemies, there is no real reward for being really great either akin to the DMC style rating etc. The combat is a big part of the game and thankfully everything is killable almost any way you prefer to approach it, so you wont find a bunch of enemies that are only able to be killed with a specific move so if you suck at that move that enemy will be cancerous. It's all pretty accepting of any playstyle, even at the max difficulty (couple of bosses though you have to obey the mechanics), but by the end you are pretty much so powerful you can almost just brute force everything down if you have bothered to get the collectible powerup relics (the legendary ones are really very overpowered). My only gripe is there wasnt, or it wasnt clear, an indication of boss health during the course of a fight. The only way you know a boss is almost dead is there is prompt to use an execution skill, before that you dont really know how close you are to defeating them, which was a bit annoying.The puzzles are quite cool and abuse the current zones item of choice, and some are quite clever, I wouldnt expect it to take more than 2-3 minutes to work out any particular part of a puzzle. There isnt a lot of time pressure with only a couple that I recall actually relying on quick action to succeed. Also they arent all just, push block there, trigger switch, move to next push block puzzle which was great.Verdict: Decent title, it is solid for what it is, dont expect it to break any mould as it is pretty much a rip off of all the good parts of Zelda, Soul Reaver, Devil May Cry, Tomb Raider, and recent Castlevanias (without the idiocy of the recent titles of CV series) and mashed into a story world that works for all the mechanics it has ripped. Worht playing, or you could easily miss it, it's not a life changer, it is by the numbers but it hits those numbers really well."
,Recommended,462780,28094844,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mortirn,One of my favorite games of all times.
,Recommended,462780,31300051,Posted: 22 April,all,Nasty Pirate,"I had bout this series a while back and never got down to playing either of the two. So I decided to start in the beginning. Amazing game. Simply amazing. Hack 'n' Slash action to its fullest along with a kickass story.You take the role of War, literally The War. The red caped rider of the Apocalypse, on a vengeful quest against the idiots that framed you with starting the Apocalypse. Kicking♥♥♥♥♥all the way."
,Recommended,462780,30953350,Posted: 4 April,all,[PBS] Sw4gBeard,"Solid game.Pro:+Cool story bro.+Great Hack and Slash (Enemies are not too tough not too weak)+AI is good+Enjoyable Puzzles+Great Graphics even in 2017 with max settings.+Compatible with lower tier PCs as well, I used to play this game in an older laptop with ATI HD5730 and it was fluid. (Not max settings tho)+Interesting stoic main protagonist (Not like these new flashy main characters these days).Con:-Repetitive at times (Not too much tho)"
,Not Recommended,462780,28166137,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NeverwinterMoon,"First, this game is amazing, hands down. I owned and played the original release of the game on PC, Xbox 360 and PS3 and, surprisingly, despite being able to hit higher resolutions at 60 FPS, the PC version was the worse for two reasons: a bit weird controls when using manual targetting, but mainly - horrible, horrible sound during all the pre-rendered cutscenes.I am very sad to say, but PC version of Warmastered still has a very badly balanced sound during pre-rendered cutscenes - music and all the other sounds are too low, but the voice track is too loud, drowning the music and the sound. Overall it sounds really funky and the first cutscene after a bit of gameplay is the perfect example of how annoying it can get - all the demons' growls are tiny compared to grunts and shouts made by angels. By the way, the voice track does in fact come separate from the videos that have only music and regular sounds, so the volume imbalance could have probably been easily fixed by the developers.Settings for voice/music/other do not affect the cutscene settings at all, as videos has only one global volume setting. The game has plenty of cutscenes, so this is a big deal. I'll either be ordering this game on PS4 or just dig out my old copy on PS3."
76561198044833071,Not Recommended,462780,28510407,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mr. Santhropy,"I liked this game. Its story is great, its visuals are good.However it's full of ♥♥♥♥ing glitches. 2 times i had to re-do 2 hours of progress because I glitched through some wall or because an objective failed loading.When I was nearing the last boss (The Dark Throne level) i glitched through a blue barrier, and a checkpoint saved there for me.Now I can't get passed the barrier and thus can't continue my game.Ininstalled that♥♥♥♥♥♥as soon as I figured out there was no way back. I'm not going to re-run through all those puzzles and fights again.4/10. Glitches ruined the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it."
,Not Recommended,462780,28110318,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,natricjol,Recieved this game for free since I own the original version.Textures seem a little sharper expect some things seem a lot sharper. First update seemed to give back performance for about 30 secs before dropping back to low 30/high 20 fps. I wish this game used the xfire profile from the original version like the deathinitive edition did. Shouldn't need it since i figure runniing on a SSD with a oc'ed 8350 (5+ghz) and a Fury X should run this game flawlessly. I get the same fps at 1080 as i do at 4k. Can't recommend this until they fix AMD compatibility.I will reinstall the orignal version and run that and watch for more updates. At that point I will update this.
,Recommended,462780,30323698,Posted: 4 March,all,RedRaven,"A game that still holds up to this day.I've actualy have been wanting to come back to this game after I bought the THQ pack years ago, but with the Warmasterd Edition I decided to have another look at this game.StoryPersonaly I enjoyed the story and what It had to offer. But just to avoid spoiling anything I will keep it simple, You play as WAR, one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, after being summoned but seeing how the other horsemen are no where to be seen War is punnished by the Hell counsel but is returned to earth to investigate what could of summoned him and not the other horsemen, however, he will be watched.GameplayOh my god there is blood everywhere.the combat on this game is quite simple the player is given a light and heavy attack and will be able to use a seconday weapon later on in the game, the combat is linear having mainly one button to attack but there are combos that the player can experiment and play around with, along with this the player can unlock and learn new abillites as they get further into the game.Now for the puzzels, when it comes to the puzzles some are do give the player some challenge and will have to time their moves carefuly, most of the puzzles can be easily solved and some can be quite satifying when you finaly figure it out.The only downside of the gameplay that brought it down for me was all the backtracking. There is alot of Backtracking in this game, you will be going back and forth from alot of locations, thankfuly the game helps with some fast travel options but thats really all there is.ConclusionOverall i think the game is still quite good and does still hold up as a good game today, the voice acting Is great and the music is amazing for some of the boss battles.I'd Definetly Recommend this game to any one that enjoys a good hack n' slash"
,Recommended,462780,28122518,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,КрестьянинM0f.,"Please, take your time... AGAIN, GRAHAHA!!!"
,Not Recommended,462780,31761816,Posted: 14 May,all,LittlestMinish,"I have to admit, I was excited to try this game with the updated textures and whatnot, especially since I was given this game by THQ nordic just for having owned the original game. The only problem is that soft-locking bugs still exist in the definitive edition of this game. In the middle of Twilight Cathedral, the 3 Crystal Swords glitch happened, after I saved, so I have a soft-locked save file. Not only that, because the convention of having a chain of progressive saves isn't really all that common anymore, I felt no need to have any more than one save slot. That was a mistake.Now I cannot play the game. And I am not going to put 8 more hours into it to get back to this point. I believe this is what stopped me from playing the original version, so it saddens me that they bothered patching the cosmetic/graphical fidelity of the game without patching highly concequential and well-documented flaws.This game is great, but I can't play it. Now to go find someone else's save to shortcut myself these hours of retracing my steps."
,Recommended,462780,29328989,Posted: 17 January,all,Narlex,This is a fantastic remaster.
76561198162649878,Recommended,462780,30468182,Posted: 12 March,all,Shampoo_Wong,"It's a nice game i think, although the style  is more or less similar to WOW's. This isn’t  the matter of being one of the best games."
76561198129951108,Recommended,462780,33908191,Posted: 30 July,all,Freeky,Great game but some unnecessary and annoying puzzles make me quit all the time.
,Recommended,462780,28089633,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,kursetheoni,"Zelda-like action. Cool story. Character designs by Joe Maduriera, my fave comic artist of all time. I played the hell out of this on PS3. Now I can play it in HD....SWEET!!!!"
76561198315113242,Recommended,462780,31763805,Posted: 15 May,all,buffalonightmare,Dark Zelda. I Like It
,Recommended,462780,28660444,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,waiting for iphone y,"Literally gory zelda. For 4 bucks on sale this game is a steal. Get the second with it as well. Imo the first one is the best, but the second one is still very good."
,Recommended,462780,34278440,Posted: 16 August,all,malaisling,"One of the better adventure games out there.The game mixes hack and slash combat with puzzle solving and mild platforming, giving a nice blend of gameplay all around. Yes, if all you want is to just mash buttons and see blood particle effects you will be shocked to learn the game does require you to use whatever remaining parts of your brain are still actually active. There is action, there is thinking.The game uniquely gives an almost Role-Playing game feel to the item system. Players find upgrade fragments to the protagonist, as well as passive equippable boosts and other items all around the world. Rewarding exploration and even the revisiting of areas as special rewards are blocked by obstacles players cannot pass until they have progressed past said area. It creates a strong balance which rewards exploration but does not feel like it is mandatory, or that there is any pressure for players to scavenge every single inch of every map.Throughout the game players will encounter enemies to beat up, scaling and traversing infrastructure, solving a variety of physical and mechanical puzzles, acquiring new weapons and gameplay tools along with encountering multiple unique gameplay sequences to shake things up. The world design being a semi-unique take on religious mythology which as a whole feels very complete and strong thematically, it feels like a world and not just a game.Some of the minor poor elements to the game mostly include the amount of fodder enemies that don't present much of a threat, the amount that the game recycles enemies, the amount of dialogue repetition with certain speaking enemies and characters as well as the occasional crash.In all, a fun and intriguing timeless game for well rounded players, exceptionally worth the price."
,Recommended,462780,28623074,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mit.Interstellar,"If you're looking for a game like DMC series or God of War series, this is the one. But with worse camera focus and control setup :)"
76561198298295210,Recommended,462780,33211621,Posted: 3 July,all,ghost,QWE QWE QWE
76561198059767776,Not Recommended,462780,35059499,Posted: 19 September,all,streetmage9,"The opening content was really good and the story started of pretty good and then I realised I was not playing Darksiders but was playing a less fairylike version of ""The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time"" where Link identifed with Ganondorf rather than Zelda.It has a combat style and plays mostly like ""God of War"" but with puzzles...so many puzzles. Which I found confusing because you play as the character ""War"" but spend most of the game pushing boxes or throwing bombs. Then as you unlock new areas you find out there are ever more dynamic puzzles to which you spend most of your time discovering. The time spent on logistics greatly takes away from its gameplay value, which in my opinion, is meant to be a combat oriented game.If your going to try this anyway, imagine ""War"" as ""Link"" and the game makes much better sense. I can see why the orginal developers went bankrupt."
,Recommended,462780,29327953,Posted: 17 January,all,△ Gucci △,Can run on my old♥♥♥♥♥laptop but I beat the original game and I don't want this to eventually kill me by blowing up on me
76561198135837387,Recommended,462780,31417182,Posted: 28 April,all,olalam1996,"Fantastic third person Action/Adventure game clearly inspired by 3D Zelda games and many others, taking the best mechanics of these games and blending them together to produce Darksiders. While it arguably doesn't hugely advance the genre, it is still one of the stand-out Action/Adventure titles I have played.The PC port ran extremely smooth, and I experienced no FPS drops while the updated textures looked brilliant and did a good job of transporting the stylistic art direction to current gen.8.5/10"
76561198135422118,Recommended,462780,28130972,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,xVlad,any update for the game ???because it still lag like hell with 1080P 144hz Setup on AMD GPU
76561198034344545,Recommended,462780,28120584,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Azdan,"Perfectly executed remaster, no issues so far (at least for me).Feels great to play as War again, 10/10"
,Recommended,462780,30337647,Posted: 5 March,all,TM/Blackmilk,"Deceived by the forces of evil into prematurely hearkening the end of the world, War — the first Horseman of the Apocalypse — stands accused of breaking the sacred law by inciting a war between Heaven and Hell. In the slaughter that ensued, the demonic forces defeated the heavenly hosts and laid claim to the Earth.Darksiders is back with a great remaster, good for both those who want to rediscover this title and those who want to live this adventure again.A commendable remaster at a decent price point.(Would you rule in hell or serve in heaven?)"
76561198276202651,Recommended,462780,28889435,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Robozombie,"Short background between me and this game, I haven't played the standard Darksiders game, and I have only completed the game on Normal mode.So, the cons of the game are• horrifically confusing storyline• ridiculously easy enemies (didn't have to block too often)• not a lot of character development or storlyline/plot twists• characters themselves are pretty bland• control scheme is a bit clunky (unless you use a controller like I did)• enemies are modeled after one another, but each one is slightly more difficult• a few bosses felt like overpowered enemies, and not actual bosses (if that makes any sense)• disappointedly small amount of weapons to usePros• diverse and colorful landscapes/scenery• impressive inspiration for the universe the game takes place in (heaven and hell with man in between, and the charred council as mediators between heaven and hell, with the horsemen as keepers of the peace that the Charred Council has created), although it feels rather... ""shallow""; not a lot of depth, lore, or explanations of anything.• a broad range of abilities to traverse around the world• sequel before Darksiders 2 (duh)Additional notes: there are a LOT of puzzles towards the end, so don't worry if you get stuck at one point. They don't require much of you to overcome. Not a lot of thinking outside of the box, more like being aware of everything in the area first so you don't just look in the same place expecting for all the answers to be there. Also, this game has a TON of hidden items around the map, and it's a pretty big map with a lot of hidden areas. Most of those are only reachable when you have the required abilityOverall: this game I expected a bit more out of, but I was sort of let down. But in the end, it wasn't that bad of a game. The only thing I didn't like about the game was that it really didn't have a lot to pull you in to the world, and the storytelling was poor. Would I play this game again? Probably not. It's one of those games I would play just so that I know what to excpect from the sequel."
,Recommended,462780,28529140,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Maista,"This is one of my favourite games of all time. It's basically a grimdark Zelda game and it has Mark Hamill voicing the Watcher. The Warmastered edition is 100% awesome, too!"
76561198165135450,Recommended,462780,28549527,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Ebi,"nice game , great game play , always enjoyable , never get tired ...:-D"
,Recommended,462780,28133758,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Raging_B0n3R™,awesome game just wondering if they will ever going to make part 3 my score 7/10
76561198217675817,Recommended,462780,28255506,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Rapist™,"I love this game. Played it once, playing this version now. However, I am facing a problem. The cinematic videos stutter and the audio and video are out of sync. Please fix. I am running Windows 7, 4 Gb RAM, 2 Gb GPU, Core 2 Duo CPU."
,Recommended,462780,31061791,Posted: 10 April,all,heiman555,"This games is just like a combination of ""God of War"" + ""Devil May Cry"". Nice combat + nice graphic + nice gameplay, overall 9/10."
,Recommended,462780,31048211,Posted: 9 April,all,Aliy,"Good graphics, okay combat, interesting story. There is also backtracking and repetitiveness.Get this game if you like Hack'n Slash"
,Recommended,462780,28159854,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Castiel,Awesome game
,Recommended,462780,28123178,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Itachi,for FFS both Darksiders II Deathinitive edition and Darksiders Warmastered are in the same HAVOK engine from 2012 and older which uses double the power from CPU for PHYSX if u remaster this games made in HAVOK engine at least use the newer HAVOK engine which halfs the resources from the CPU for PHYSX!!! I'm big fan of Darksiders franchise but this is not the way u remaster games thats why they still have poor frame-rates.. -.- DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT..
,Recommended,462780,31587787,Posted: 6 May,all,Kidz,first GOOD RPG ini my notebook.
,Not Recommended,462780,31750266,Posted: 14 May,all,nevoMM!?##,"I got this for 3 dollars on sale, great game the graphics are wonderful but not thaaaat far away from the first one. Unfortunately the warmastered edition gave me problems with the water diving which i fixed by jumping into water and holding A on my xbox controller. Later i encountered a bug that i couldn't spawn the horse, this proved to be game breaking as it was at the worm boss. Had to install the original version which has much better controller support.I even emailed their dev's and got a reply from a person saying that they couldn't help. Would i reccomend it? yeah but get the first it's probably even cheaper. Hoping the 2nd one works."
,Not Recommended,462780,28420475,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,RouninPanda,"I love the original game.  And this one has much potential.  The graphics look stunning.  But the random crashes and constant cutscene problems are ruining the experience of both the gameplay and the story.  They've done several patches now, but it's still a problem.  Until these issues are addressed, it's far better to play the original game and just deal with the older graphics for a solid, glitch-free experience."
76561198119297236,Not Recommended,462780,30535701,Posted: 15 March,all,BloodRaven,"I am a huge fan of Darksider franchise and i was excited about this remaster, but when I start a new game, lots of bugs in the cutscenes make me sad, really, i took a long time to play and yet lots of bugs without fixing, why did they remaster a game if they will not fixe this weird bugs?Just for record, some of this bugs are in the audio of cutscenes(than not prevent you from continue the game), but some cutscenes simple don't start, then you get stuck and must restart the game, after i get this two bugs before the end of the prologue of the game, i quit it, cause dos not worth the time of kill a boss for being stuck in a room until restart the game and have to kill it again.But i do recomend the original game, that one is amazing and have much less bugs."
,Recommended,462780,32178563,Posted: 4 June,all,mailow,Schlitzt Bruder
,Recommended,462780,28196396,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,enflame66,"Fantatsic Game , great puzzles ,great  characters War is just so much fun to play. The sound quality in this game is truly fantastic. The performance and textures are really great at least for me ( I am rocking an i5 haswell and a 1070) I get a very solid 100fps at all points even those hard framerate fights like tiamat and others.  I have had no crashes so  far and the game tabs out to desktop while I answer facebook with no issues. (pretty big thing for me as I like to multitask ). So one of my favourite games gets remastered expertly and gives it a new lease of life I really implore you to get it because darksiders 3 would be amazing. Also I got this free as I owned the first one."
,Recommended,462780,32676120,Posted: 23 June,all,Jack R.,yea
76561198030870442,Recommended,462780,31292047,Posted: 22 April,all,Kevin Droid,This is the best Legend of Zelda experience you can get on PC (without the hassle with emulators) with God of War's epicness. I always have technical problem with the original one but this Remastered is very well supported and my experience has been smooth.
76561198072334904,Recommended,462780,28128889,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BoNeZz,420th reviewer :Dgame scales to 4kUHD (dont need AA at that res) verry high textures some still low res but meh its darksiders in 4k!!! O.O
76561198331711371,Recommended,462780,28199063,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Eloyz,"hi, can you help me fix the audio syncing issue, its really annoying to watch cut scenes with lip syncing issue.also, is there a way to play my save file from my main account to another account but same PC, please answer thanks."
,Recommended,462780,28170985,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,"Sandor ""Chicken Eater"" Clegane","666/10. One of the best action/adventure games on Steam even though much of it is derivative (in a good way). Darksiders has a great story, really fun characters and extremely satisfying gameplay. Coudn't ask for more.Give War a chance."
76561197982280125,Recommended,462780,28116813,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Wirttis,"Its Darksiders, only better than before. What else is there to say, go buy it."
,Recommended,462780,29495110,Posted: 25 January,all,beats2reason,"After playing this directly after Castlevania: Lord of Shadows, this is by far a superior game in every way. Though they played roughly the same, this one was actaully a lot more fun. There was one puzzle toward the end that I had to substitue out a steam controller for a real one for quick aiming, but the rest of the game played smoothly using the steam controller."
,Recommended,462780,28475577,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Jo_Sure,perfect perfect perfect.
,Not Recommended,462780,28125225,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,first it was buggy as hell waited a year and now i got bored by so many puzzles lol go buy something else not worth money at all it should be free
76561198309711412,Recommended,462780,34275897,Posted: 16 August,all,b.bixbykclife,lots of good times
,Recommended,462780,34505790,Posted: 26 August,all,RaAVaN,"coop story, nice action, great game"
76561198065665696,Recommended,462780,28322185,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Vanpire,"SLASH SLASH SLASH THEN ""E"" INSTANT DEAD!!! BREAK THEIR BONES O A O"
,Recommended,462780,34797556,Posted: 7 September,all,Eternal Darkness,"I finished the game 2 times. 1st time a copy of the game, 2nd time the original, bought on Steam.9/10. Because it's awesome."
,Recommended,462780,34798866,Posted: 7 September,all,Fujitorinha,"I always had been a fan of God of War since i was a kid, this isn't the same thing but it is a good experience."
76561198028593306,Recommended,462780,28101946,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,cyclopslosthiseye,"Looks great, runs great, excellent remaster. Pick this up especially if you've never played this before.Gameplay is Zelda like with fantastic fluid control and combat. Also reminds me a little of the first Soul Reaver in gameplay and tone."
,Recommended,462780,28089850,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,KnuckleHead,"Forgot how awesome this game is!  It doesn't have the RPG systems or the huge maps of the second game but it's a much tighter and well done game overall.  The dungeons are much more creative as well.  Darksiders 2 is a very good game, but the first Darksiders captures the Zelda feel a whole lot better."
,Recommended,462780,28100623,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Steve,"this game run on AMD vga like scrap , my xeon 1231v3 + R9 380 only have 30-50 fps 1080p in this game ... and some time drop <20fps .... , pls fix !"
,Recommended,462780,28101753,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Noct.BYZZ4,graphic so tasty
76561198089553926,Recommended,462780,28321399,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Bulinjo,"the game is just awsome!got it for free coz I had the original, what to say?better graphics, smoother gameplay and amayzing story.shourlly give it a try.for me this game is classic. :)"
,Recommended,462780,28206119,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,WAZZZZUUUP,Great remaster running 4k
,Recommended,462780,30462397,Posted: 11 March,all,Sinon,One of my favorite games ever. Excellent remastered version.
76561198075050811,Recommended,462780,31747328,Posted: 14 May,all,PeePeeStorm,"I'll give it a 6,8 or a 7"
76561198058278829,Recommended,462780,28131313,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,6side9,great remake. wish the visuals felt a lil more worked on but gotta love the smooth combat.
,Recommended,462780,28124948,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,AomiN,"it's true, RX 470 - 15fps and 6-8% load. FIX IT DAMN IT.ok, fixed (' - ' ) Now I can even play with JP dub :)"
,Recommended,462780,29627025,Posted: 1 February,all,Damien Ramirez,"Same as the other one i got it seems, simple hack & slash, no sprint, ok game"
76561198054916642,Recommended,462780,35202641,Posted: 25 September,all,Falter,"""You would wage this war alone?""""No. Not alone.""Queue goosebumps"
,Not Recommended,462780,34054655,Posted: 6 August,all,babycakes,"Darksiders couldn't hold my attention with its combat system: It's too basic for me. Entering Chaos Mode is cool; picking up cars and throwing them is hilarious; being able to pick up little enemies and smash them into the floor is also awesome. They really add to the apocalyptic atmosphere and to War's mighty characterization. But I see these functions as enhanced fighting options which don't make up the core of combat.The Chaoseater (sword) main set of combos consist of pressing square up to four times with some variation (directionals, pauses, right/left button), which is a good base to have. I actually like some of the intuitiveness of the moves, such as dash into an attack with directional + R1. What's lacking are more buttons to act as a variable and give you the feeling of infinite combos. Adding the different abilities via D-pad does not solve this problem because it's like pressing a skill hotkey in an MMO. You were not responsible for pulling off this special move by correctly inputting the buttons to initiate it. You just tapped the button to unleash the special attack.While there are other weapons in the game, the combo system is largely the same for each. Chaoseater's combo set does include X later on, but with the same square presses tacked on after. Obviously, a lot of people like this game and the combat system. I just don't feel particularly jazzed about pressing the same button, albeit another button, to switch things up. I would rather have more robust button combo possibilities dictating moves and special attacks in a hack 'n' slash.Besides that, it has the elements of an RPG that I enjoy: exploration, looting, climbing/swimming mechanics to help meet these goals, side quests, farming/upgrade potential, etc. The graphics are also good for a game of this age.However, I don't like War's voice or personality that much. He seems flat and uninteresting to me. Due to this lack of connection with the main character, I was unmotivated to learn more about the promising storyline. There was a cutscene that made my jaw drop, and I yelled out ""OMG! What is happening?"". That was a good moment when I was confused yet alert, like War probably was."
,Not Recommended,462780,34280514,Posted: 16 August,all,alphyna,"Well, it sure it a game.It has interactivity in it, in the form of combat and puzzles. You can jump, fight, grab objects, fly, grapple, detonate bombs, throw cars, and lock onto enemies (but only if you keep your LT pressed, otherwise the camera will turn wherever it pleases). It has a health bar, a 'Wrath' (rage) bar, chests, and collectibles. You can do many things inDarksiders.Way too many, in fact—and none of them feels likeDarksider'sreal focus. The fights are uninspired, with a bunch of repetitive and useless mooks, whose only strength is the ability to get resurrected after a while. The bigger foes and bosses would have been more fun, were the camera kind enough to keep locked onto them. The puzzles are decent, if a bit on the easier side, but gimmicky; if an area is dedicated to detonating bombs, you better learn the three-button combo needed to do that, because everything will be solved by bombs. Many mechanics feel rudimentary or clunky, like throwing objects without a crosshair or jumping over pits that have very unexpected edge hitboxes. The collectibles are rarely exciting—it's usually some resources or something like a shard that will turn into more health if you get a bunch of them. The levels just love showing you things that look like they can be jumped onto, while they can't.This game is a jack of all trades, master of none. It's not a puzzle, an action, an RPG—it's just 'a game.' An archetypal theme park ride, that guides you through a relatively exciting spectacle and—oddly for an action game—only requires limited participation on your part. It feels like a game that belongs to an arcade machine, which is exacerbated by the fact that each door you open closes behind your back immediately, making levels feel like a bunch of instances rather than continuous spaces. (I suspect it was done for optimization reasons, but still, it's a choice that robs the player of the sense of progression.)Of course, the fact that the aesthetics is lifted shamelessly from Blizzard doesn't help; the whole thing looks like an odd WoW mod.One thing I can say in its favour is that the premise allows for an unexpected and fun idea of angels and demons fighting not in some fantasy land, but amidst destroyed buildings in a place that is probably modern America. That's a cool and unexpected mixture of styles that mostly works. And the remaster looks very good.But for everythingDarksidersdoes, there is another game that does it better. Whether you like tough fights or ones thah empower you pitting one hero against hordes of enemies; puzzles or RPGs; metroidvanias or cinematic spectacles—you can find a better experience than this one."
,Not Recommended,462780,31550617,Posted: 4 May,all,.Sn4ke 天 [Ryzen][Gigabyte],"In-game cutscenes get no background music/sound, only voices get played, and even then, the voices are out of sync.Steam forums are full of users with the same problem.Can't recommend this game in the current state, and I do not know if the original Darksiders was like this.EDIT: The original Darksiders DOES NOT HAVE THESE PROBLEMS. And the graphical differences are very little. Play the original one in stead.I will change my review if this gets fixed."
,Recommended,462780,29864183,Posted: 11 February,all,-alchemX-,very good nice
,Not Recommended,462780,31551025,Posted: 4 May,all,the amber trap,"I played the game back in the day and thought it would be fun to revisit it.  The game crashed, the crash reporter crashed, and I've barely made it anywhere.  Maybe I'm asking my tired system to do too much, but I've playe prettier games with no problem, so I'm blaming Darksiders."
76561198061676572,Not Recommended,462780,34377659,Posted: 20 August,all,jmarroyo90,"A bit too generic gorish setting. The controls are a bit crappy, especially the aiming. Either controlling the character with mous & keyboard feels weird or the aiming feels weird with a gamepad. You can't have both.It's not a horrible game, just a big meh..."
76561198105509670,Recommended,462780,29936168,Posted: 14 February,all,toot,"Let's just get this out of the way instantlyIt's a Zelda clone you can deny it all you wan't but, I've played way too many Zelda games to not see exact copies like the boomerang is nearly identical to UI and function from Twilight Princess also there is a place in the first dungeon that looks very, very similar to getting into the boss room from The Fire Temple in Ocarina Of Time.The combat is more on the lines of God of War and other Hack and Slash types of games. It's usually not my style but, I feel like it was done pretty well in this game. What kills this game for me is the long boring tutorial filler filled beggining. Doing the 5 portal missions over and over for like 3 times in the first 7 hours gets old and it gets old real quick. I also am not a fan of the art style the real life meets a 1980s metal album cover is just not my thing.The PC port is near perfect I didn't notice a single crash or stutter or anything out of the oridinary that would cause any concern the FOV slider is a god send or a... demon send? Whatever way you look at it. Played absolutely fine on keyboard and mouse I also did try using a controller and it worked fine as well.7/10 worth a buy on sale (or if you are like me you got it free from owning the first game.)"
,Not Recommended,462780,32435021,Posted: 15 June,all,Potitoman,"I don't know if I've been spoilt by Platinum games like Bayonetta and  Nier: Automata, but I found Darksiders absolutely boring. The exploration is not bad and neither is the level design (although it feels very contrived), but the combat is so boring! It's all simple rinse and repeat. There's very little in the way of tactics and it feels like a chore to get through."
,Recommended,462780,30374284,Posted: 7 March,all,Hughe Manne,"I am very confused. people keep equating this game to being Zeldalike...how?this game is nothing like Zelda in any iteration. I think some people just like repeating what they read regardless because they can't come up with their own opinion.The game is quite fun with decent graphics and enjoyable straight forward game play. Its not open world but rather path specific much like the old school games with a direct point of travel and purpose.As to the comparisons, firstly- its nothing like any Zelda I've ever seen. Secondly, Its much like any other shooter I've played, and since the gaming industry is built on each others successes its not surprising that they might use assets and styles from other games. ALL games in the undustry do.With that said, Zelda was and is a very famous name in gaming, so comparing it to that game isn't really an insult..but This isn't Zelda, nor is it anywhere near being similiarIts a good game, buy it, enjoy it.I got this game as part of the THQ package sale, If you get that know you've gotten a great group of fun games."
76561198011351749,Not Recommended,462780,31567041,Posted: 5 May,all,HedgeHedge,"controls are unrefined, even with the right camera angle it's hard to jump off ledges, or target the enemy you want in combat. MOvement is unintuative and it feels like I have to move my character constantly at an off angle from the direction I want to travel in to move where I want. Especially in combat.There are minon battles that are significantly hatrder to pass then boss battles. enemy fights are ruthless in their paterns, and it's v ery easy to be hit in a chain by various enemies making you unable to react till you die or loose multiple lifestones because you can't activate a skill or dodge from the knock downs.I'm hoping the sequel has refined some of these issues."
,Not Recommended,462780,28130708,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,FeetLover,Only played it for about 10 minutes. I'm not having crash issues but my mouse only registers movement every half a second.It makes looking around broken and unplayable.How the hell was this released in this state?
76561198271701625,Not Recommended,462780,28165790,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,El Kessonos,"I liked this game when i played it before on console, but now after a minute of two after starting it crashes, I will hit the like as soon as it´s fixed, for now i don´t recommend this game.Edit: they already released an update, now it crashes nearly instantly ..."
,Recommended,462780,33862369,Posted: 28 July,all,♚Zveki♚,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████╗░███████╗██████╗░░░░██╗░░██╔══██╗██╔════╝██╔══██╗░██████╗██████╔╝█████╗░░██████╔╝░╚═██╔═╝██╔══██╗██╔══╝░░██╔═══╝░░░░╚═╝░░██║░░██║███████╗██║░░░░░░░░░░░░░╚═╝░░╚═╝╚══════╝╚═╝░░░░░░
,Recommended,462780,34164552,Posted: 11 August,all,RexSol,⠀
,Recommended,462780,29951422,Posted: 15 February,all,Arigato,PogChamp
,Recommended,462780,28111568,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FireFox The Fifth,THQ hope you guys Learnt your lession from the past.Hpoe you do better in Future and may we all see the day of the release of Darksiders III(I might buy this at full price just to help you on your way)
76561198182596893,Not Recommended,462780,31601302,Posted: 7 May,all,[AD]Yang,"Already played this game on the PS3, I loved it, then it went on sale and so I decided I would replay it. I still think it`s awesome but I would not recommend it because as you`ve already probably read from the other reviews, that it crashes, not just  often but a LOT and at ramdom, like sometimes it crashes while I load a save file or while in combat or in a cutscene, basically anytime. And what I hate about this game is the puzzles, it`s not hard, I know, but whenever I encounter these, I feel like I`m doing a chore where it`s kinda annoying to do but you know you have to do it."
76561198371179863,Not Recommended,462780,30572477,Posted: 17 March,all,AVERYMEANGUY,Great game but audio does not work. Unistalled three times and re-downloded still no audio on a five star rating would give three for no sound with  sound five all day.  Would not recommend as game is without sound
76561198061786965,Recommended,462780,32104966,Posted: 1 June,all,gromly,Mild palet with a hint of posturing.
76561197963553563,Recommended,462780,30507413,Posted: 14 March,all,Bubble Bobble,Perfect game.
,Recommended,462780,31236595,Posted: 19 April,all,Zaxrem,War is slightly homo
76561198305033483,Recommended,462780,29369461,Posted: 19 January,all,alcanderian,什么时候请酸爷回来做3啊wwwwww
,Recommended,462780,28086737,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,VanZo_O,PERFECTION!
76561198053234764,Recommended,462780,28118704,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Asmosis,yup
,Recommended,462780,30020523,Posted: 18 February,all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a third person action game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is a volume slidebar available for Music, Sound, Voice and video.There is an Aim sensitivity for X and Y.You are able to change the controls on the keyboard.You are able to toggle the subtitles or game tips.There are some resolution sizes available.There is a difficulty settings available.You are able to play on a xbox controller.YOU ARE NOT ABLE TO CHANGE THE CONTROLS ON THE CONTROLLER.There is Vibration. :DAbout the game.There is a war going on between heaven and hell and you will be playing as WAR, one of the four horsemens of the apocalypse. After a fight with a boss demon, You will be sent to hell to get punished. Instead of getting punished, you will have to slay enemies and capture their souls as a tribute. The Camera is third person but you are able to switch to focus mode for better combat control. Some say it's like ""legend of zelda"", which is partly true as some of the things are the same. Grabbing a weak unit will most likely kill it instantly, providing alot of health. During the grab execution you can't be killed. But you will get less souls. You can trade souls for upgrades and unlocking new power. Enemies are able to hurt another or even kill them, which will give you an easier time finishing them.Really great soundtrack.There are collectables. :'(The game could be pretty grindy.Game gives you tips if turned on.There are lifeshards, Like in legend of zelda. Collecting 4 of them will grant you an extra life.During an enemy execution you will not receive any damage in the progress.Brutal executions :DEnemies are able to hurt or even kill others.You can manually save and load your game.There is a minimap at the bottom right corner.You can ask for a reminder if you forget what you have to do.Other things.You might want to change some controls or control position as some of them aren't in a great spot for a quick reach.Quitting the game without saving. Will still lose your progress. As quitting the game will NOT AUTOMATICALLY SAVE FOR YOU! You have to do it MANUALLY!When vibration has been turned on and you are on low Health. The vibration will be in a heart beat. Bum bum, bum bum, bum bum.-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
,Not Recommended,462780,33614992,Posted: 17 July,all,Jack Grimsly,"Combat: Goodgraphics: not greatPuzzles: Made by an autistic five year old.Seriosly Even with a guide open on another screen this game struggled too  register the puzzles had even been completed befor the clock ticked down and I had to start over. the one that killed it was a puzzle on the very last levelwere i had too work with clasic BEAM OF LIGHT, PORTALS, FALLING PLATFORMS, ETC and I had done everything and it was hiting the objective like it was suppossed too.And I watched for five whole secounds as the game struggled too process that the opuzzle was done befor the mirrors redirecting the light moved becuase the count down was over.Do not pick this game up :/"
76561197970466389,Not Recommended,462780,29891482,Posted: 12 February,all,Major_Jackazz,"didn't finish it, lost interest, maybe I'm too old now and I'm tired of the whole, ""come across locked door, go through several rooms, get lost sometimes, solve tedious puzzles to get key to open said door, get lost again, and find your way back"" mechanic.the camera angle was annoying, the fighting was alright i guess, just mash same buttons and win.so if you can tolerate solving puzzles and getting lost few times try it, if you hate that, then your stay away."
76561198295267656,Not Recommended,462780,33635665,Posted: 18 July,all,kazumashirou,The controls are so sluggish...
76561198058672950,Recommended,462780,28183723,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,wet shit leaking out my boypussy,Dont play with a keyboard you retard.Give this game a positive review ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198134094281,Not Recommended,462780,29590797,Posted: 30 January,all,Much_D-Such_Feel,"The game just refuses to load past the 1st boss (when the charred council summon you), crashes without fail everytime. also cutscenes wont play right, with the audio either out of synch or non-exsistant.Having played the original version though, I would recommend this if it worked."
,Not Recommended,462780,28890993,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Passiv3,"This game is awesome, but why are there so many damn crashes? Every time I crash, it asks me if I want to dump the log for the coders to figure out the problem, No man, this is the kind of stuff you figure out BEFORE you ship the remaster. I just beat the worm boss, but then the game crashed for the fourth time while auto saving. Under normal circumstances, I would have just redone the boss fight, but I ended up softlocking the game somehow, as the worm wasn't showing up, and was set back several hours of gameplay. Would recommend if game didn't crash so often."
76561198095655965,Recommended,462780,31349402,Posted: 24 April,all,Fordyslaws,Great game
76561198058432232,Recommended,462780,28089621,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,frankrafael,lOVE THIS F%&/ GAME
76561198043244339,Not Recommended,462780,32199803,Posted: 5 June,all,wing_zero_75,"I just cant describe in words how horrible it is playing this game.  One minute everything is working fine, and the next, your camera movement stops to the point where you cannot continue playing.  Ive spent more time pausing the game so it can catch up or whatever so I can actually play.  And its not like I have a crap system either.  i5-6600 3.5 ghz with an Nvidia 970 and 16 gigs of ram.  Not the highest end, but it should be enough to run this steaming pile of non responiveness."
,Not Recommended,462780,33545870,Posted: 14 July,all,RaNGeeLa84,"Well, I'm almost done with Chapter 1, the Game is damn lengthy, but I'm really struggling to find any fun out of it. Perhaps it's because I've played all God of War games. It's noting like it at all. So for me it's a no!"
76561198127542901,Not Recommended,462780,33292964,Posted: 5 July,all,kareltieftrunk,"The game never gets to execute. It asks me for .dll, but when I install them it ask me for more things, when I finished installing all the things that it ask me to, the game opens for a second with a black screen, gives me an error and then closes."
76561198026942544,Not Recommended,462780,28918280,Posted: 1 January,all,lordofsoup,"Im a big fan of the Darksiders series.  However this game has crashed 15 times in the 6 or 7 hours I have played it.   Ive tried fixing it, but it doesnt work.  I know it says I only have 38 minutes atm, but Ive been playing in offline mode.  Currently at Ulthane, and it crashes whenever you meet a new character."
,Not Recommended,462780,31639494,Posted: 8 May,all,Rohit,"Bleak story line, repetitive hack & slash action, slow when compared to modern similar genre games."
,Not Recommended,462780,32322731,Posted: 10 June,all,Tony Sfark,"Full of bug, esp. xbox one controller"
76561198153176634,Not Recommended,462780,34427049,Posted: 22 August,all,[YGS]Dies On Duty,"This game is what comes to mind of those who like the warhammer character design mixed with rip off of others games. The most apparent is God of War. I will be reviewing Darksiders with a pro/ con style and end with my final conclusions.Pro:The games atmosphere is good. The levels do look like what one can imagine as an apocolyptic city or wasteland. Each location in the game feels unique compaired to the next or previous area.Combat is simple. It is not as hard as games like Devil May Cry 3 or 4 where combos or special moves require much practice. This doesnt cause players too much stress and makes combat a more satisfying experience.Con:The story is little to nonexistant. The game throws you in an already world ending event with demons vs angels with humans in the mix but it is never explained as to why angels hate the horseman or how many demons do I need to fight or better yet why did war loose his powers and what the end goal is.Progression is always a start and go scenario. Every few steps of progression leads you into a horde or small combat with enemies. It breaks pace and slows progression down. Some enemies do take many hits to kill or a pain to fight because they excel at combat long and short range. Sometimes like in the fight competition with the hammer guy...it takes a good long while and the enemies keep on coming.Where are the plentiful shop keepers? The game is mostly a god of war rip off but combat is the main point of the game which i will say is pretty much crap. My point is that shop keepers are spread thin in a world. So if you need to buy a health item or whatever you need to back track a long bit to the nearest shop keeper.The serpent hole is annoying. Everytime you want to go between shop keeper to shop keeper you need to go through this mini platforming segment. It is boring and uninteresting, probably a design choice to keep players in the world to explore than use the shortcut. Regardless it is a dull moment and serves no purpose than to add extra time to gameplay.Souls and exp grind is so very grindy. To buy items from shop keepers requires you to grind souls. Souls are used for moves also and a few items like weapons and special powers upgrades. They can be very expensive and to max out everything requires many many hours of grinding. Souls take forever to grind enough to purchase much till late game where it is still a grind but not as bad. You get maybe 4 or so souls per kills so it takes a good while to get that 1 item that cost 10,000 souls. Did they even test this?Weapon level ups do nothing. Through the game the weapons used in combat can grind up exp to level up. The game says it get stronger but i could never tell the difference. There is no real visual indication of how the weapon is stronger. If it got an extra atunment slot that is one thing but here it doesn not provide anything than simple text saying ""your weapon just got stronger.""Gameplay lacks any goals. Much like the story the gameplay lacks any direction. The game takes the go out into the limited space world and find out where to go and what to do route. It is frustrating to play a game where it has puzzles and doesnt really provide much in hints or as where to go. The rooms inside the unique area's are very confusing leaving players to fumble around to find just a piece of progression. In games like zelda for an example it takes the same approach but it has markers to help guide players along to minimize frustration. Sure it is a sign of hand holding but what is worse; having a game holding your hand along the way or a game that throws you off a cliff and tells you to find your own way through this situation?Conclusion:The game looked really cool and interesting at the start but confusing with the story. I thought that the story will be more fleshed out nearing the end but to no avail it further leaves the player in more confusion. The combat was simple but as the game went on got really repetitive especially with the tank like enemies. The game also has back tracking similar to that of a zelda game but it feels unfulfilling because every level is forgettable. Nothing stood out in the game which made it dull and i say this as a gamer that has never played a god of war game but i played a few other games that darksiders rips off and that in turn left the game a huge let down. It has potential but it never build its own real identity and that can make it easily classified as just another clone of such and such game. In this case god of war."
,Not Recommended,462780,28109548,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ammar2292,Keeps crashing on my NVidia graphics card all the while running it on my Y510p Lenovo IdeaPad!Got the right specs to run it and to be honest I have played games that require higher specs with higher setting without a hitch :(
,Not Recommended,462780,34134270,Posted: 9 August,all,Manbeast,Garbage port of an otherwise good game.Caps Lock + # fot Hotkey abilties? Does this studio not understand what the HOT in Hotkey stands for?
,Not Recommended,462780,28957400,Posted: 2 January,all,Warchief,"It had been on my list to play for a long time, mostly because of the aesthetics. Gave it a try, but gave up soon and requested a refund on steam.Cutscenes were constantly interrupting the gameplay, the controls were not fun for me: I guess target locking is a must in this type of games, but without it fighting is a mess, so you have to have always a finger on a trigger; voices and sounds seem to cut or were not at the right volume during cutscenes, missing SFX here an there. I'm not sure, something didn't add up. It had a feel of unpolished, and the controls were not fun, so I did not go far."
,Not Recommended,462780,28127727,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RhysMoN,"The game itself is fantastic, i played on the Xbox 360 years ago and loved it!Running the game using a 390x gcard and its just a stuttering mess, getting about 5-15 fps.I hope this is fixed soon as i loved this game and would love to have another playthrough on it."
,Not Recommended,462780,28119910,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,wroter,"Not much to say. Mouse controls only respond when they feel like it, it's almost unplayable. Not sure why this game is praised so highly."
,Recommended,462780,28089546,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Redrusty66,"An excellent re-release of the already spectacular game. Everything you loved about the game is here but it's better and looks noticably better and that's a thing some of the 'remasters' could learn a thing or two about. Needless to say, if you don't already own the original, this is your chance to experience this spectacular piece of work. A must have game for hack and slash fans.As for the AMD trouble, that was a stupid move, what fools wouldn't test a game pre-release on one of the 2 card companies 99.9% of gamers use.  They'd have overwhelmingly positive revews right now, and deservingly so,  if they had just fixed it pre-release, I'm sure they will quickly,  but not all reviewers will come back and reverse their recommendation."
,Not Recommended,462780,29588986,Posted: 30 January,all,DrArchon,"What a hot pile of garbage.  It's like this game can't decide on what it wants to rip off the most.  Zelda?  God of War?  Shadow of the Colossus?  Portal?  And not only that, it doesn't rip anything off well.  The combat is chunky and braindead, the dungeons are poorly designed with obtuse puzzles, the overworld is baren and lifeless, the ♥♥♥♥ing portal mechanics in the last dunegon don't even use proper physics like the ones in Portal, meaning why the ♥♥♥♥ are you even bothering?The only thing the game has going for it is the artstyle, which is garish enough to be endearing at least."
76561198001572388,Not Recommended,462780,33535112,Posted: 14 July,all,Moist Money,"Tries to be a good hack and slash like God of War but fails in every aspect.I really forced myself to finish it and see why all the love this game is getting but after gaming for a near 3 decades this much repetition is just making me quit.As on any hack and slash game I did not expected proper lore or anyting. But boy, animations are bad, camera angles are bad, pacing is just horrendous as you have to kill 20 dudes then solve a puzzle and rinse repeat forever.Some people might like it but if your IQ is above 6, you might find it boring doing the same ducking things over and over for endless hours.Stay away unless you are a huge hack and slash fan I guess.I can not score it because for me it is unplayable. I lost interest in around three hours and forced myself to play in hopes of the game will get interesting for another ten. It did not."
,Not Recommended,462780,31638527,Posted: 8 May,all,EinsamWulf,"Stick with the original version, this remastered version has given me regular crashes where as the original run great. I'm playing this on Windows 10 so perhaps if you're playing it on something else you'll have better luck."
76561197996729388,Not Recommended,462780,31733368,Posted: 13 May,all,The Maintenance Man,"If you like buggy ports, repetitive gameplay, and a generic smoldering with rage protagonist this game is for you!"
,Not Recommended,462780,29180713,Posted: 11 January,all,Nirnad,"Just google ""Darksiders 3rd beam game breaking glitch""!pis.sed!"
76561198052845035,Not Recommended,462780,29231046,Posted: 13 January,all,DamageBunny,"I played this game for an hour, and really enjoyed it, but I did not like the poor codding that the Developers put into this game when it comes to their keybindings. They made a Keybind for every single thing, but they left out the Keybind for changing the keybinding for ""Skipping Cutscenes"", so now everytime I misclick LMB, or RMB it instantly skips my cutscene making it very very hard to follow the storyline without going through to ordeal of clicking into Youtube looking for a video with all cutscenes and going through it again, and again till I find the spot I am at to rewatch what I should of watched it the Developers made this game properly, so people like minded like me that enjoys the storyline to be able to watch it without misclicking and instantly missing the cutscenes all the time...why even make it mouse buttons at all, other games make it ""Esc"", "" Enter"", ""Backspace"", ""Spacebar"". So if anyone wants to play for the storyline I don't recommended this video game till there are some forums or reviews saying you are able to finally change that keybind because as of the date of this post there is no keybind."
,Not Recommended,462780,31882280,Posted: 21 May,all,John The Ripper,"Screen keeps turning white on 21:9 display resolution.Its so bad,i cant start the game."
,Recommended,462780,30488570,Posted: 13 March,all,SepticK,enjoyed it loads.
76561198001533758,Not Recommended,462780,33211112,Posted: 3 July,all,Tim Carroll,"A mashup of Zelda and God of War, without the charm of the former or the scale of the latter."
,Not Recommended,462780,28343194,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Space Pirate,A bit disapointed by the graphics post effects. I was expecting something like this :https://youtu.be/QoqrbhJvewU?t=1m40sLazy remake to my point of view. The final render makes me feel there's no more art in this game.
76561198098099671,Not Recommended,462780,28137764,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Seavo,"10-30 fps, crushes after playing a few minutes. Waiting for fixing."
76561198002050721,Recommended,462780,28366780,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,HexCaster,"Nothing new to speak of in this version of the game content wise, but Darksiders has never looked prettier, and is still the better more focused game of the series and one of my favorite games of last generation.I just wish they added a way to replay the one off rail shooter and 3rd person shooter sections without just having to keep a seperate saves for them."
,Not Recommended,462780,28116981,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DaBonrKing,Crashes so much.  Can't recommend until that's fixed.
,Not Recommended,462780,28209659,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Punk Queen,"Extremely buggy, some cutscenes flat out don't work. If you haven't played darksiders before, get the original."
,Not Recommended,462780,28183409,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Sir Crocodile,Warmastered Edition hell no more like Crashmastered Edition
,Not Recommended,462780,29185804,Posted: 11 January,all,Mudd,Meh.
76561198054347543,Not Recommended,462780,28225539,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hobbamok,"Bad controlsSo bad that I am basically forcing myself to play through it because a friend told me it's worth it.Quitting out of sheer frustration every now and then, not because of too hard bosses, but because I die 3 times to a lava pit that i only fall into because the char refuses to do the jumt that I obviously have and try to do.Or when you see bonus objectives but you just cant be bothered because you know that your attempts at getting it will bee squashed by the controls alone.Or the mouse sensitivity, which just increases to maximum for a secont or two for no reason at all."
,Not Recommended,462780,33188552,Posted: 3 July,all,Capodecina,"EDIT :So i made a habit out of catching up on franchises i want to play but this game really made me rethink that. I Really hope 2 and 3 will be better. I dont find it entertaining if a game is difficult because of bad mechanics and controls...The story was kind of cool, it had me wanting to find out what will happen and made me want to play the second game. Bad mechanics and controls make me take a two game pause and revisit the franchise later.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------No Health Bar on BossesCan not skip cut scenesNO Recomendation for you ! NEEEEEEEEXT !"
,Not Recommended,462780,30955530,Posted: 4 April,all,Gnahuy Farmskins.com,Cant save anymore.
,Recommended,462780,28417908,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Count Cuckula,Cool game with some pretty neat demon and angel designs. Melee weapons could've used some more combos/moves though.
,Not Recommended,462780,28109448,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Kalashnikov,I honestly REALLY wanted to like this. i was so excited for it and it literally crashed on me 6 times. i give up. fix it.
76561198007283418,Not Recommended,462780,28449623,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,7i,Played it 6-7 years ago on xbox and loved itThis PC version is unstable
,Not Recommended,462780,34066186,Posted: 6 August,all,Xeus,"WARNINGIf you're buying this game to get 100% Achievements, DONT BUY ITI got an area which  im supposed to get 2 achievements for completing certain activities BUT I DIDNT GET THEMI restarted steam and verified the game's data and i still didn't get the achievements.Apparently you have to save your game before getting an achievement incase if you didn't get it, you can always Reload your save and keep trying.Imo thats so sad because this game is so good, the story and combat are spectacular but the broken achievements really make me sad."
,Not Recommended,462780,31719111,Posted: 13 May,all,vampire1306,"I uninstalled this game after I met the giant worm in the desert.I expect this as a hack and slash game, but:- The combo is slow, simple, not smooth, not cool.- There are too few mobs.- Mobs' damage is really high.- Mobs with uncouterable skill appears too opten.- Have to spend to much time for going around and solve puzzles.- Opening and boss finish move are lame.- No skill preview."
76561198025044985,Not Recommended,462780,31614054,Posted: 7 May,all,thenandback,Can you button mash 'X'? Can you occassionally dodge with 'RB'? Then you've mastered playing Dark Siders.
76561198008382683,Not Recommended,462780,30026521,Posted: 18 February,all,Ed,Crashes often enough to be effectively unplayable.
,Not Recommended,462780,31887480,Posted: 21 May,all,The Drunk Knight,♥♥♥♥♥♥ remaster
,Not Recommended,462780,29258023,Posted: 14 January,all,conway,"Constantly crashes, probably not getting an update to fix this either."
76561198110518212,Not Recommended,462780,28144761,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Nigga Please,"1/10 ""remaster"" or whatever the hell. Have had crashes at literally every cutscene (including the beginning ones, as in the ones for the company logs), so you have to skip every cutscene (sometimes it crashes before you even can), which entirely ruins any form of immersion. Played the original Darksiders and liked it, gameplay is still solid, but for me, its literally unplayable right now. Hope they somehow fix this."
76561198036361968,Not Recommended,462780,28106485,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[PG]Spockeli,Not working on my radeon 480
76561198020395589,Not Recommended,462780,28150511,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,ToxicKookie,"Two parts fun, one part tedium.While there is a lot of fun to be had in this game, the way the devs handled the puzzles is, well, ham handed. It's the very definition of trial and error, with the exception that you can easily get stuck in a loop and spend hours on a puzzle for one simple reason: There is no direction in this game.There is no log telling what to do. Your journal only updates something 5 times during the entire game, and only tells you what your ultimate goal is; not where you're supposed to go, or what you're supposed to be doing. There is a quest marker on the map sometimes, but whenever you're in one of the areas where you're solving puzzles and trying to get by annoying obstacles it's nowhere to be seen and even your little helper goul has no ♥♥♥♥ing clue. The lack of instruction can seriously hamper the pace, turning what would have been a decent game into a puzzle grind.The combat is supremely shallow for a large portion of the game, with the opening 4 hours only having a single  combo with no variation. It's not until 4-5 hours in that you get a second weapon and the ability to start getting skills and new moves. And even when you've unlocked everything it's still fairly lackluster.I suspect that one thing that makes this game feel sub-par to me is that I played Darksiders 2 before I ever touched this. And it at least improved, if not fixed, most of shortcomings and the issues I have with this game.The combat is also a total grind. Even on the easiest setting a basic mob can take you anywhere from 3-7 minutes to beat.The upgrade stations are painfully far apart until you get the ability to teleport.Graphically it looks alright. It has a simplistic but solid style that has held up fairly well over the years.  The cutscenes are a bit buggy, with the dialog lagging behind the action.Voice acting is decent, though it would have been nice to have more casual banter between war and Hamill.Performance wise it could use some work. With a 970 SC, 16 GB of ram and a 3570k I still see drops in areas without much going on.  It also has a severe memory leak. After about an hour of play, it was using 14GB. Then it crashed.Ignoring all the technical issues at launch, I still can't really recommend this remaster.  It does too much wrong in contrast with what it did right."
,Not Recommended,462780,28175622,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,grant,"The game is beautiful and I want to love it, but there's just so many breaks from an already lackluster action that it becomes nearly impossible to feel anything positive towards Darksiders. I have always looked at the game in my Steam gallery and wished it was more, but it's not. This update doesn't change that, graphics are greatly improved, you may even call it modernized. The art style with the series has always been unique and appreciated. Honestly, this game is beautiful, the art always has been. Graphics were never the problem, but this is what the ""Warmastered"" update chooses to address.Everything wrong with the game lies within gameplay itself. Levels are linear, ""hidden"" items in the world are two steps off the beaten path. Combat is almost exclusively limited to a two button system with the occasional ""press b to enter scripted win move"". The game is a hack and slash and about as brainless as the genre can be. If combat is not disappointing enough, there are constantly scripted breaks from the action interrupting your fun. Maybe you can get over the cut-scenes if you enjoy the story, but the true villain of this game is the level layout and geometry.Whether you're in an occupied city or slumming some part of the underworld, your combat is going to be constantly interrupted by scripted ""Press A to slide/climb/interact"" events. This has always been the biggest failing factor of the game for me, the pacing is just not right. I'm a mountain of a man, one of the four horseman, I swing a sword that's probably 10 feet long and destroy everything in my path... yet I don't have the mobility to clear a simple gap or climb a wall in a manner appropriate for the character. Instead I will be constantly interrupted by these terrible immersion breaking events.My last issue with the game, the questing system. After arriving that the first ""hub"" and receiving a series of quest, I found myself being instructed to ""Kill 50 enemies"", and then ""Kill 50 enemies without losing health"". and then ""Kill 50 enemies with air attacks"", ""Kill 50 enemies with [variable]"". This is not fun to me, it will never be fun, it's lazy and I don't understand how this game ever had the following it did. The story must be great, but I can't get past everything this game is missing to experience it."
,Not Recommended,462780,31734867,Posted: 13 May,all,J1NROH,"Horrible Gameplay.Feels like it's designed for button-mashers.Unsatisfying kills. Same animations.Cutscenes every few seconds to show you how the way behind you is now blocked.Couldn't get past the beginning of the game, cause it's simply no fun.Targeted towards Casuals of this genre.Compared to Bayonetta or Devil May Cry 1 or 3, this game is a joke in this genre.Very nice art-direction tho. The Artbook for this game is more enjoyable than the game."
,Not Recommended,462780,28579816,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ThunderMcBuffHuge,"Semi-brainless fun. It's a nice casual game. It still seems to have compatibility issues with my R9 380, though. I've played it for about 15 minutes twice, crashing after both times."
76561198024301834,Not Recommended,462780,34356139,Posted: 19 August,all,TheronGodspeed,"""Just spam the X-button: the game""Terrible♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198046675266,Recommended,462780,28330783,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Dustin,The re-mastered edition of Darksiders...and honestly can't tell the difference.Still a great game though.7/10
76561197967211234,Not Recommended,462780,28397990,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Holy Muff Diver,When i switched the game to fullscreen all i get is a black screnn. cant even find a basic config file to fix it. games is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,462780,28809051,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ThuleanPerspective,"♥♥♥♥♥TRASH""OPTIMIZED FRAMERATE"""
,Not Recommended,462780,28111310,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,hidden3rddragon,"Sad, I love this game for my Xbox 360. when I saw it in a cheep collecter edition here on Steam, figured I would buy it. Don't own any of the Darksider games yet anyway. Well anyway. I can't even get 5 minutes into this game without it crashing. though it could be because I am using the Nvida 660. but I greatly doubt that is the issue."
,Not Recommended,462780,32300471,Posted: 9 June,all,Tungo,"This game isn't very good. The combat on normal difficulty is weirdly punishing, and expects the player to avoid most attacks. This wouldn't be a problem if the game provided players with a way to actually dodge attacks, but instead you can really only jump and flail around while praying nothing hits you. Compared to almost any other action RPG this combat feels immensely unsatisfying. And it also looks like it was designed by a dumb child."
,Not Recommended,462780,28367795,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Xyloritus,Crashes! Causes system to freeze after ctd. Hard reset can damage files or the hdd! beware of this broken game.
,Not Recommended,462780,29556589,Posted: 28 January,all,yagru,"boring/poopy looking clone of god of war. played almost 6 hours of this story and never really had fun, it was just something to do. the game looks way outdated comepared to god of war 3 which was released the same year. i literally went out and bought GoW3 for my ps3 just because this game wasn't doing it for me. i guess what i'm really trying to say is that if you like the god of war series and you want some more of it, replay those because this game is pretty boring"
76561197970729952,Not Recommended,462780,29132639,Posted: 8 January,all,robolivermd,What a disappointing experience. This is the kind of game written for 9 year olds with no attention span. Has almost no strategy or subtle qualities. Not even really nice to looks at.
76561198090253398,Not Recommended,462780,28117369,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,UltraMindBlown,"Horrible version, not the AMD problem. The game is still full of bugs and glitch, can you imagine a early mini boss figt make you fall off the map so many time i quite trying.Game is ok, reminds me of DanteGTH and GOW. But I don t uderstand how remaster still got so much bugs, orginal was 6 years ago already."
,Not Recommended,462780,28096307,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,shubniggurath1890,"Bugs, bugs and BUGS! Just look at on discussions in forum. So devs plz fix them."
,Not Recommended,462780,28111696,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Rafeeey,this game always crash on my laptop! i hope developer can fix really soon!
,Not Recommended,462780,28900475,Posted: 1 January,all,Kuro,RIP WOOD LAPTOP :'(
,Not Recommended,462780,28266407,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,CHADbromancer,jacob sucks so this game suck♥♥♥♥ you 5 foot 4 meatball
,Not Recommended,462780,32112870,Posted: 1 June,all,FAT DADDY,boring af
,Not Recommended,462780,28120989,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,B0BY_B0teN,The worst game I've played it so complicated and worse
,Not Recommended,462780,28597575,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,DREAM3R,OM TELOLET OM!! Absolutely too late play this game.
76561198102700561,Not Recommended,462780,30432203,Posted: 10 March,all,T n e i r o,Boring.
,Not Recommended,462780,31531368,Posted: 3 May,all,Dallas,i was expecting it better..
76561198163542142,Not Recommended,462780,31990153,Posted: 27 May,all,Mora,stupid and boring.
76561198168712964,Not Recommended,462780,29312152,Posted: 16 January,all,David_GS,NOT FUN.
,Not Recommended,462780,28441218,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Cloptata,bad
,Not Recommended,462780,30352604,Posted: 6 March,all,Dangerous Beans,Play LoK instead.
,Not Recommended,462780,30426998,Posted: 10 March,all,PsychoDraugr,"Beware, Those who falsify God's word will be condemed to everlasting torment. Those who glorify Satan and his Legions shall jion them in eternal hell fire. This game is based on the christian apocalypse so I thought you might find what a christian gamer has to say lore friendly and welcome to the slaughter of, ""The Beasts"" legions. F.Y.I, Abadon is a very powerful demon in the christian, catholic and satanic demonologies who is found possessing real people all over the world, not an angel."
,Not Recommended,462780,31516955,Posted: 2 May,all,Hodor,"Cant get past the fight with the fat fire dude after the intro in the big room where you learn how to drag and push stuff due to my gpu telling me ""hey, this game is a pile of horse %$^& and is telling me to do stuff that makes no sense so im gonna shut that #&$%*^**$(#* down.""  ........... pretty irritated. tried playing with graphics and verifying game files to no avail.  So i suggest playing original version. hope that works better."
,Recommended,462780,30386227,Posted: 7 March,all,CB,"Outstanding.This was my first time playing Darksiders, and I'll admit I had never really believed that it could be ""Zelda for Adults"", especially since Zelda is already perfectly alright for adults, but it's true. The game is layed out just like a Zelda game, and follows some similar arcs. I played on easy because I heard that the game was frustratingly hard, and I don't like frustratingly hard games. Easy turned out to be the perfect diffuculty for enjoying the challenge without getting too mad. There was just one fight that had me stuck for a while (not even a boss fight, just a typical mid-level enemy fight that I was being forced to go into with too little life, but it forced me to actually learn and start using the character's block abilities, and was rewarding when I finally made it through.)I don't know what was enhanced, since I never played the original, but this felt like a modern game to me. Nothing was visibly or tactilely 'old' about the experience.Note that 'for adults' doesn't mean that it's a well-written peice of meaningful literature. I wish it had been. It's actually just full of gratuitous blood and violence, and it is actually a pretty poorly-wrought story. I guess when they decided to make a Zelda-like game. They had to do something to differentite themselves from the Zelda seires, and they chose ultra-violence, and ugliness, and people being generally mean to one another, even when on the same side.Don't play this one for the story. Play it for the boomerang and hook-shot and mastersword."
76561198052250602,Recommended,462780,30366969,Posted: 6 March,all,L1ndhagen,"Darksiders. A very good game. Easy to understand and fast to learn. War is an interesting Character and his Brothers as well, pretty well written Story and great gameplay mechanics.After all 8,5/10."
,Recommended,462780,30400371,Posted: 8 March,all,Vepar,"I'm not going to rant about all the upgrades to the graphics and whatever you can read at the description, that's obvious....I am however going to praise the developer Kaiko that are responsible for making and updating this remaster.From day one, there were problems with the game, and they have been in constant communication with the community about bugs, glitches and issues.And they have fixed every single one of them.Just recently, the game got an update for native Steam controller support that works perfectly! This was advertised on the store page since release but was not implemented properly. It was now added and it works great.Again, the developers listened to suggestions, had a discussion with the community how the SC support should work and actually delivered on a promise. It is extremely rare theese days that devs have such passion and actually give players what was promised, so you should buy this game just because of that. So that this type of good practices are incentivised.Also, the game is good, it's good ol' Darksiders with a good facelift, a bit of lyposuction and a peni$ enlargement."
,Recommended,462780,29657741,Posted: 2 February,all,Michael.,"I don't even know how to describe this game...well i'll do my best.Darksiders is a GREAT game: great gameplay, characters, story and voice acting (for the english and italian ones,i didn't try the others).This also is a 2016 remastered of a 2010 game, and it aged very well!RECOMMENDED TO EVERY ACTION HACK 'N' SLASH GAMES FAN8/10"
76561198043763397,Recommended,462780,30622558,Posted: 19 March,all,Chaos_f15,"Disclaimer: I bought the original verson before given the Warmastered version for free.To describe Darksiders simply: imagine Legend of Zelda, Devil May Cry, God of War, Metroidvania and the Portal Gun in a post apocalyptic world...with Mark Hamill as your Navi.The story is pretty cool. It's obvious that the writers put a lot of thought into the story and leaves a lot open for future games (hopefully). Voice acting is top notch.The attention to detail in this game is amazing. The characters look incredibly detail. The levels look cool too.The gameplay is like I described before. Zelda with mix of other stuff. You go to places, get some new toys, kill some bosses, solve some bosses, all the good stuff. The combat could've been better but it's not badProblems? I experienced some frame rate drops whenever I'm riding the horse when you first get it. The frame rate seems fine later on. I have also experienced where I couldn't move or I falling through the world. Most of the time, I just load the last autosave and everything is fine.I give Darksiders a 9/10. I recommend it."
76561198283886315,Recommended,462780,30606110,Posted: 18 March,all,bill0wnie,Only real problems with this game are the controls...
,Recommended,462780,30603019,Posted: 18 March,all,DFCSpeck,"Darksiders (Warmastered Edition) is essentially a grown-up Zelda game.  Sword-based combat and puzzles with a decent story to pull everything along.  The game took me about 20 hours to finish, not completionist.  Some of the dungeons felt a bit long.  The graphics hold up very well given how old the original game is.  One of the better games I've played recently.  On sale, this is a steal.While playing with a controller feels more fluid than KB/M, I wouldn't recommend using a DS4 controller at the time of my writing this (18 March 2017).  A Steam controller may work better, but from what I understand it also has some issues with the most recent patch.  The developers are very active on various forums, including Steam, and routinely put out fixes.Overall, definitely recommend, especially once either Steam or the developers iron out the controller issues."
,Recommended,462780,30630402,Posted: 19 March,all,25th_Gamer,"DARKSIDERS WARMASTERED EDITIONDETAILSDeceived by the forces of evil into prematurely bringing about the end of the world, War – the first Horseman of the Apocalypse – stands accused of breaking the sacred law by inciting a war between Heaven and Hell. In the slaughter that ensued, the demonic forces defeated the heavenly hosts and laid claim to the Earth.Brought before the sacred Charred Council, War is indicted for his crimes and stripped of his powers. Dishonored and facing his own death, War is given the opportunity to return to Earth to search for the truth and punish those responsible.Hunted by a vengeful group of Angels, War must take on the forces of Hell, forge uneasy alliances with the very demons he hunts, and journey across the ravaged remains of the Earth on his quest for vengeance and vindication.PROS+The game has Good combat+A very good story+Intriguing puzzles+Nice difficulty Curve+Good boss MechanicsCONS-Too much Puzzles in Azriel's Area-Get's Repetitive in End Game AreasRATING:8.9/10"
76561198096959588,Recommended,462780,30635838,Posted: 20 March,all,☣,"I really enjoyed this game in it's first edition, so I decided to spend some time and see how different the new edition is. Unfortunately, at one point I encontered a blocker bug. I cannot continue playing and I don't want to start over.For those of you who thinks about buying this game, I do suggest you to do so, as it is a great game in the end. But ALWAYS, I repeat ALWAYS save your progress manually. Do not rely on autosave."
,Recommended,462780,30754952,Posted: 26 March,all,meltedAxon,"Received the Warmastered edition as a result of purchasing the original several years ago. Pleasant surprise!Great game with enough variety in the action to keep things interesting. Different weapon types, transportation modes, enemy types, and puzzles compliment a well-designed world that is full of details. Runs great with solid stability, smooth frame rates, and responsive controller support. This game may be a few years old now but it has aged rather well!"
,Recommended,462780,30751207,Posted: 26 March,all,JimmyVD,Played it first years ago and recently finished playing through again.Cant recomend this game enough if youre into a hack-n-slash. Its not difficult but has great story elements and voice acting.
,Recommended,462780,30769873,Posted: 27 March,all,A.n.BabaDook,what a game <3 10/10
76561198174471862,Recommended,462780,30679186,Posted: 22 March,all,MLG_DEKU,It runs on low spec pc and Its very very good
76561198184929113,Recommended,462780,30802128,Posted: 28 March,all,Fearlessfast,Great Horseman Great Story
76561198102368017,Recommended,462780,30840129,Posted: 30 March,all,MissTapMachine,So GOOOD
,Recommended,462780,30865718,Posted: 31 March,all,SpoDEy,"The Legend of Zelda and God of War had a baby and it tastes as good as hell!""Would you rather serve in Heaven, or rule in Hell?""Loved this game. Now going to play Darksiders II"
,Recommended,462780,30938198,Posted: 4 April,all,[GA] Loremaster Geralt,"*MINOR SPOILERS*I never played Darksiders I. Got it on sale, but when the Warmastered edition popped out I decided to give it a go.It's amazing. Throughout the entire span of the story there are memorable, bad♥♥♥♥♥moments, memorable, bad♥♥♥♥♥characters, and some amazing environments they all happen in. Gameplay is really good, but I will admit after getting to the Black Tower the pacing went sort of whack and started to feel like a drag solving puzzle after puzzle and fighting the same boss 3 (4, counting the mechanic in the last Chosen fight) times but the pay-off was worth it. All the fights in the game are very cinematic with finishers that you can opt for that are downright brutal. Most memorable part of the game for me is the demonic arena in the Ashlands, the legions of Hell chanting and roaring as War waltzed in there like he owned the place, them pouring over the sides to try and kill him, and then actually becoming a horseman after beating the crap out of a smart-mouthed demon riding your old steed, Ruin. That's got to be one of the best segments in a video game in recent memory for me.Overall, the game was extremely enjoyable, and I feel like the developers did one of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse justice with their game. I really hope that also stands for Darksiders II (and III, read that it was in development now). Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,462780,30791082,Posted: 28 March,all,Tobias Fünke,"This was my third attempt at finally getting around to beating Darksiders, and this time I stuck with it to the end.  That's not really an indictment of the game, though.  I don't finish most games that I start.  I actually strated this one originally on the 360.  This game seemed right in my wheelhouse as a big Zelda fan, but the main reason I think that I lost interest initially is that the game is equal parts God of War, only with combat that's not as fun or fluid as God of War.That's not to say the combat is bad.  It's not.  It's fine.  It's just a little slow and clunky compared to a game like God of War.  This wouldn't be a problem, really, except there are some parts of the game with some ungodly long combat segments.  These start to wear on you after a while.  I think the game would have benefited from a more conservative approach to combat like the Zelda series rather than just throwing wave after wave of enemies at you.  The combat also isn't particularly difficult.  Enemies hit really hard (at least until you get the better armor) and take huge chunks of your life bar(s), but green health chests abound to fully restore your health and you can carry multiple health power-ups too.Anyway, on to the good.  Considering the game is from the last console generation, it looks pretty good.  I'm honestly not sure how much of that is the remaster, but I didn't really have a problem with the visuals.  It's not on par with modern releases, but you wouldn't expect it to be.  The art design is particularly impressive, and I liked the game's idea of taking a destroyed human civilization that is now a century later home to angels and demons.The story is decent as well.  It gets a little obsessed with proper nouns at times, though, just throwing around names and terms that don't really mean a whole lot to the player.  It's never anything you can't follow, but sometimes the writing just feels a bit silly.  The voice acting complements the writing well.  Mark Hamill puts in a great performance, as do many of the supporting actors.  War himself is boring and mostly lifeless, however.  You'd think a guy named after war would be a little more exciting.When you're not murdering hordes of angles and demons, you'll probably be solving puzzles, and this is where the Zelda inspiration shines through.  Basically every dungeon is composed much like a Zelda level.  You acquire a new item.  You use that item to get through the dungeon.  That item then becomes useful at finding or unlocking new/secret sections in other areas.  The game is entirely linear, though, so unlike some Zelda games you never have a choice of which dungeon to go to next.All in all, I liked Darksiders.  It's not an amazing game, but it was fun."
76561198251288170,Recommended,462780,30984704,Posted: 6 April,all,DaGuapGetta,What other game are you able to slay demons and achieve sweet vengence as war of the four horseman... NONE!!
,Recommended,462780,28521043,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Joeyhavoc,Playing this game for the second time only makes me appreciate it more. It did so many different things and did them all very well. A lot of ambition on display here.
,Recommended,462780,28451851,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,smokauweeds,"I love free upgrades!This is one of only a few games i actually liked enough to finish (well the original)I recieved the warmastered edition for free (as a thank you I bought a copy for the neighbor kid)I looks really good, plays well, and after i found out how to change the field of view(fov) I have no complaints.If you are into the Zelda series, like adventure, the four horsemen, and kicking A$$ then this game is for you."
76561197969783455,Recommended,462780,28573792,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Stx11,Just finished the Warmastered Edition and it was a really fun ride!Well worth the money with really smooth gameplay and only one crash a day after it came out.The story can lag in a few places where you spend more time solving puzzles than shredding foes but otherwise a lot of fun fights with cool weapon combinations.Thoroughly enjoyed it!
76561198033802696,Recommended,462780,28560030,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DirtyLlama,Lets go over the rules for this game.Rule number 1 for this game. Kill anything that moves with vile intent.................. and thats it!
76561198051498407,Recommended,462780,28575127,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ignatsmouse,"This game was on sale during one of those crazy holiday events so… to put things in perspective, A large cup of coffee is about $4.00 and my coffee is gone, yet I am still playing this game.Coffee 0.Darksiders Warmaster Edition 1.Loads of fun! Thanks for the remaster update."
76561198018843665,Recommended,462780,28113951,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DEEDEESBEAK,"I owned this back when it was on PS3 and it was one of the most fun games of last gen.  I was happy to rebuy it on Steam, and I am now happy that I received the Warmastered Edition for free.  Finally, a remaster that is only asking $20 CAD and with a launch price that's hard to argue with ($5!).  Haven't encountered any issues.  Remastering is noticeable unlike a few remasters recently released.  10/10 would bang for the buck."
76561197973342872,Recommended,462780,28160885,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,s4mb4,10/10
,Recommended,462780,28180043,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hemming pellet I the Bert big.,"A top notch remaster of Darksiders.It's still Darksiders, and Darksiders is good, and you know what it is, so this review will be me talking about how amazing the Devs of this remaster are.There were some serious performance issues initially, especially for AMD users, but they have been swiftly fixed by the frankly amazing Devs. Not to say that Darksiders' original Devs didn't lay the foundation, but I have literally never seen Devs of a relatively high profile game/remaster like this be so open, transparent, and active with their community.In the lead up to the AMD issues being fixed several Devs as well as THQ Nordic peeps were actively discussing the issues with us in the Steam Discussions. Even going so far as telling us exactly what the (slightly embarassing) reason for the poor performance was.There are still some issues being experienced by others, such as desynched and/or missing audio, memory leaks, and crashes. But the Devs are still engaging with those users and working on a solution, and given their behaviour so far I imagine that the problems will be solved fairly shortly.Personally the only issue still affecting me is the VRAM leak, however even when capping out it hasn't crashed the game.If the possible issues worry you then put this on your Wishlist and keep an eye on the forums to see when they're fixed.Otherwise pick it up now, worth the price if you've never played Darksiders before. Worth the price if you have, actually.Oh and the game looks absolutely mint running in VSR and downscaling to your native resolution, almost can't tell it was a mid-gen 360 title."
,Recommended,462780,28267408,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Deadmandancin,"They patched it, it's perfect end of."
,Recommended,462780,28254848,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Liger Zero,Darksiders Crashmastered Edition
76561198006206567,Recommended,462780,28256010,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Hell hidra,War is here!
,Recommended,462780,28105363,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Scottie,I'm a huge fan of the darksiders series but I'm unable to say anything positive so far with 1080p lowest settings possible and max i get is 15 fps with an r9 380. Simply as of now with an AMD GPU I cannot recommend this game at all.Edit: forgot i reviewed this a long time ago. Game works beautifully now! awesome series and a great game.
76561198060655745,Recommended,462780,33313985,Posted: 6 July,all,ErykDante,Very good remaster without hitting performance. Good job!
76561197969276266,Recommended,462780,33256469,Posted: 4 July,all,PAW,"Good action game, graphics/sounds are nice and the story is good. IF you like action games similiar to DMC it's game for you.8/10edit: reviewing this after Darksiders II gameplay:Darksiders I is better (not much but a bit better than D2) imo and you should definitely play it ! :)"
,Recommended,462780,33327063,Posted: 6 July,all,Eden Hack,4k horseman goodness.
,Recommended,462780,33326135,Posted: 6 July,all,Hypno,"A decent cheap game. It has decent graphics considering it came out in 2010. The gameplay is pretty fun, if you enjoyed games such as God of War. The puzzles aren't too hard, I usually struggle with puzzles, but I had no problems with this game. It doesn't really have replay value, but it's definetly worth a play."
76561198019026048,Recommended,462780,33465317,Posted: 11 July,all,evancampbell,"Darksiders is a legitimate classic, with one of my favorite endings in video games.  It isn't perfect, with some backtracking and bugs being particularly annoying, but it is great :D"
76561198152626032,Recommended,462780,33469887,Posted: 11 July,all,Zerokingfull,I don't know about the others but the works fine now on my Alienware 17 R2
76561198217154015,Recommended,462780,33473869,Posted: 12 July,all,taffenoah,Well needed and deserved remaster of a great game.
,Recommended,462780,33472071,Posted: 11 July,all,SHADY11x,"Great game. It would have been nicer to have more combos available, but the variety in the utility gear makes it fun to switch things up and fight differently every once in a while. Overall awesome game, and can't wait for the third game to come out."
76561198161505280,Recommended,462780,33489276,Posted: 12 July,all,✪ Mugiwara no Ichimi,"1 of the best games I have played..!! ThumbsUp for ""Darksider"" series.."
,Recommended,462780,33460656,Posted: 11 July,all,RockerBear,"- Can collect the souls of the dead by destroying chairs.- Beat up zombies with a street lamp.- For some reason, the music and monster sounds during some cutscenes didn't work so it was just the NPCs going ""AAAAAaaaaGGGhhhhh!"" ""OOOOOHHHHhhhh!"" ""DDDDUUUUHHHHhhhhh......"" kind of like the mummy commercial....- also, Mark Hamill.45/48 wouldfeed a demon dead souls and stand there awkwardly as he has his mouth open and everything's silent yay weird cutscenes"
,Recommended,462780,33262602,Posted: 4 July,all,Zodiark Son,"7/10 - Story is good, combat is fun, the puzzles in the Black Throne level are can be pretty frustrating and feel unnecessary and sometimes the sound goes completly silent during cutscenes which can be very annoying."
,Recommended,462780,33281128,Posted: 5 July,all,Crime Master 'GoGo',My first hack n slash game. I dont like this genre but this games intriguing story-line made me intersted in this and I'm not regretting it. One of the best story and gameplay. The warmastered has good graphics and a nice slashing experience throughout. Some times its hard to fight bosses as keyboard controls are little hard sometimes. Still cant recommend it enough :)
76561198362004605,Recommended,462780,33432908,Posted: 10 July,all,Yiwick,"If you like good combat and hack & slash action, this game is for you.The graphics are great in this edition and the gameplay is still fresh and very responsive.The story is a bit scattered but the world and characters are interesting enough to keep you playing till the very end.It isn't a boring game at all so if you have some time, I would suggest to give it a shot!"
76561198101203793,Recommended,462780,33428670,Posted: 10 July,all,Angel_2nd,Nice game
,Recommended,462780,33532461,Posted: 14 July,all,Warlord Yagamy,"As good as it was originally, with a few improvements in the texture resolution and detail, although this seems to have caused some audio issues in the cut-scenes and some slight frame-rate drops in some specific parts of the game, even when playing with a 1080 GPU.If you played back in the day on consoles, it's worth getting if you find it cheap and want a more optimized version. If you played in on PC, not really worth the second purchase just for the visual improvements.Also, you want to play this one with a controller, trust me on this."
,Recommended,462780,30548489,Posted: 16 March,all,pecky-pete,good game intresting characters and half decent exploration. a few random game breaking bugs though so be careful.
,Recommended,462780,30562016,Posted: 16 March,all,wirelessdarkness,Zelda May Cry? Zelda May Cry.
,Recommended,462780,30562852,Posted: 16 March,all,Rabid.-Wolf,"Come to earth hack n slash deomns lost ur all power go to asamaelkill demons puzzle puzzle n puzzle kill 1st boss , kill demons puzzle puzzle puzzle kill 2nd boss kill some demons puzzle puzzle puzzle kill the 3rd boss kill some demons puzzle puzzle puzzle kill the 4th boss kill some demons puzzle puzzle puzzle puzzle kill the 5th boss kill some demons puzzle kill some demons puzzle kill some demons puzzle and finally kill the last boss  and game is over.but seriously this game was awesome. 2nd part is even better."
,Recommended,462780,30529890,Posted: 15 March,all,Skeleton Lenin,Still an amazing game. Countering can ♥♥♥♥ing suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥tho.
76561198045650793,Recommended,462780,28110756,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,coconut2219,"Fun so far, but its crashed 3 times within 30 minutes of playing it. Its really testing the limits of me wanting to continue playing it. Would be awesome if they could make it do that less."
,Recommended,462780,28106061,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,BigBassi,New to the franchise but this game is very enjoyable. Started Darksiders 2 a few days ago then saw this remaster was $4 today. Going to play this one before 2 now. Clearly I was missing out on an awesome series.
76561198102886464,Recommended,462780,28110088,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,RedGimiGamer,"Very good hack 'n' slash, totally recommend it! ^_^"
,Recommended,462780,28110368,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,[1371][E2]Cadumbra,"Sadly keeps crashing with my Nvidia graphics card, loved the original on the xbox 360"
76561198072162353,Recommended,462780,28114660,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,dashx2010roli,":-) AMD FX8300 4,1GHz - RX480 4GB - 12GB RAM Game advanced options 1920x1080, very low texture quality, anti-alialising none, vertical sync off. FPS: 14-30!!!!! ???????? :-)Favorite game :-("
,Recommended,462780,28115623,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Shazam,"Enjoyed playing through it the first time, and I'll enjoy playing through it again. A pretty decent remaster, in my opinion, and free to those who already own the original."
,Recommended,462780,28359645,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lukaz,"I have completed this game before. But when it come out again as a remastered version, I'm very happy. The  new version run well with my old computer. Gameplay is still great. I can only say: AWESOME."
,Recommended,462780,28361166,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,satlavida,Got it for 5$. (Y)
76561198019022165,Recommended,462780,28312836,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,PathOfPain,"An old game from 2010, but a pretty good one.It's an action game where you battle hordes of demons and a few dumb♥♥♥♥♥angels to get your powers back . The fighting moves are pretty slick and non-button mashing type! You have to time them well to chain combos togheter. The fighting is very well made and top notch.Positives:- Fighting is really good- Nice graphics even for today- Sound is great- Level of difficulty are well done (easy is easy, normal is normal and hard is tought)- Puzzle challenges are fun, a bit challenging but not too much to pull your hairs out- You can improve your insane weapons, get new ones and a boatload of new abilities and powers and whatnotNegative:- The story is non-sensical. A bit original which is a shame because there are so much potential and it's wasted because it looks like they cut big scenes that explained the story. In fact, they cut anything that explained anything of the war.Rant-time:- The game is great and someone had a pretty good idea that they stole from somewhere or wrote the start of, then they got laid off or couldn't continue writing or something. The story is pretty stupid when you start thinking about it a little. It's the classic battle between angels and demons, but then a third party called the burning council or such c.r.a.p meddle in and sent the 4 horsemens of the apocalypse to paddle the angels and demons bottom. And what does this tremendously powerfull council want? NEUTRALITY!!! They want the angels and demons to kiss and make up and stop their war and the human world is offlimit for them. No other explanation is given for this. WOW!- Then our hero who is War, one of the 4 horseman, get summoned to earth before the apocalypse. And he starts beating on angels and demons, because that's all he is made to do. Seriously, this guy has no reason for existing, no will but to keep the balance and very few lines that he says in all of the game. Robots have far more emotions than this guy. And wha'ts pretty funny is that the burning council remove all his powers from him because they accused him of going to earth before the apocalypse. He tells them that he was summoned there, but they don't even believe him. I guess demons are more trustworthy than your guy that existed for millions of years and never failed you and do nothing else but obey your orders! WOW. It's like the dev just brainstormed and said♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it, we'll just invent a bull.sheet reason to remove all his power so the game can actually exists! And thats what they did!- You don't even know what powers you lost until you get them back. Seriously, i stumbled upon a room somewhere and BOUM! Big ninja shiruken throwing thingie just like in naruto for god sake! I can totally see war using that ninja weapon, it's soooo like him! The guy shakes the ground with each step that he takes. Instead of shadow step, i think he has earthquake steps or something... ;-)- You fight a badass little boss sometime who sits on a horse with fire in his steps. You don't say anything, you don't wonder 'hey i know that fu.c.king horse' and then when you kill the guy, the horse just ram you a couple of time for now reason and then BOoM! magico magik bang bang youre sitting on your long lost horse, Ruin! If that's not pretty stupid script writing, my gawd. It's almost like we're back to the scripts we had in nintendo 8 bit days (The 80ies).- Don't get me started on how stupid the angels are in this game. The demons are their cunning evil selves that we are used to and honestly i don't understand how all the universe hasn't been conquered by demons in that game because it's not the angels who are stopping them! There is an angel woman, the angel boss on earth it seems, who stubbornly want to kill you because she believes you killed her mentor/lover Abadon. There was a scene at the start where she was there when he was taken by the big bad♥♥♥♥♥demon, in front of her and that's the last she seen of him. But yeah she comes after you all the time and send her angels to get slaughtered for REVENGE! Is she blind or something? She just saw the big demon crush her lover but she accuse you somehow? Why (Not explained)? And the angels have done ZERO thing to stop or even slow down the demons. There are no more humans on earth, the whole place has been converted to a hellscape and i don't know what the angels are doing, but it seems very little. I did love how black hammer, the old one, called them: pigeons! 'Get outta my yard before more pigeons come sh.eet all ovar the place!' Yep, pretty good picture of the angels right there and what they do. Just like pigeons!!! hehehehe- Honestly i think the whole story is just a trolling us big time"
76561198319504356,Recommended,462780,28461694,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,jgardxi,"Decently good game, brings me back to the times of Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver...minus the story.So if your looking for story, this isn't it. This is a hack and slash with a bit of rpg elements. The puzzles, and platforming are good. I skipped the original release of Darksiders and jumped into the series for the remasters. I 100% this one, and will the sequel. Darksiders 2 Deathinitive Edition. I hope you all will to."
,Recommended,462780,28351782,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Supreme Commander Tronald Dump,"A great while ago, I bought the THQ Darksiders pack (1&2) and couldn't play the first title because there was an input bug, wich prevented me to move anything else than the self-moving right-spinning downwards-pitching camera. Unplugged my Razer Naga, Logitech G13 and X360 controller, none of wich solved the issue. So then i turned to support. I was just about to send the support ticket that I saw that everyone who purchased the Darksiders 1 had received a free copy of the Warmastered version. Today was a good day, it fixed all my input issues. Good Guy THQNORDIC."
,Recommended,462780,28434515,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ghoul,What a game! Would rocommend to all. Hope there will be a Darksiders 3
,Recommended,462780,28562832,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Blaze,Great gameplay. Much to explore and find.
,Recommended,462780,33036660,Posted: 30 June,all,Sir Teddy the First,"I bought this game in the ""THQ"" bundle with ""Red Faction - Guerilla"" (also a game I highly recommend to everyone who owns a pc) and originally didn't plan to play it at all because i'm not into that kind of games. But I just installed it yesterday and it's fun as hell. The controls are an acquired taste (i suggest to bind blocking to the C-Key) but after some time you don't want to stop playing. The story is cool and interesting, the music is amazing (I suggest to buy the soundrack with the game) and the CG cutscenes are great too.In this game you just fight your way trough tons of monsters (zombies but also some creepy stuff), you can find gear and weapons and even health and fury points (but that's something for the hardcore - explorers)100/10 Would buy again."
76561198274596635,Recommended,462780,33036729,Posted: 30 June,all,demons_are_real,im having problems with the cutscenes only the voice folders play then it starts to slow down as frames drop and then crashes anyone can help?
76561198068810903,Recommended,462780,33066414,Posted: 30 June,all,shadowdriver,very fun game
,Recommended,462780,29237313,Posted: 13 January,all,Necrogeddon,I had to change my review from negative to positive because its a fact that almost all bugs that AMD userd had are gone. I can play smoothly between 55-60fps in 4K with an MSI R9 380 4Gb and the game really looks stunning. Especially now in summer sales you can grab both darksiders for 10€
76561198235930588,Recommended,462780,33100140,Posted: 1 July,all,dudugeda,fun
76561198071847120,Recommended,462780,33106248,Posted: 1 July,all,myifone65,"I just got this game this morning and after the download and controller setup, I started playing and was hooked. It has a couple flaws but they aren't bad enough to make you not like it.Pros : Baeutiful graphics 5/5Interesting storyline 5/5Fast paced action 5/5Great controls (can get a little confusing remembering all the moves) 4/5Cons : Camera 'jerks' around quite a bit but not enough to be that annoying 3/5Occasionally the camera 'freezes' for about five secondsthe 'freezing' is really a bother because you tend to lose the 'Immersion' factor (easily get back into it) 3/5Parents should be advised that there is a LOT of blood in this game (you can turn it off in the options) 4/5My overall rating = 29/35I highly recommend this game to everyone."
76561197965487820,Recommended,462780,33104910,Posted: 1 July,all,_tarrvis,"I bought this game because I wanted a game I could turn my brain off to, mash some buttons and kill some enemies. What I got was that and more.In terms of combat, if you are a fan of the God of War style mechanics, you will feel right at home with this. There is a decent array of items for you to accumulate with fun combos and uses. You can also find mods for your weapons to augment them for different abilities. Combat is fast paced and gory with cool aesthetic. Boss fights start easy and get a bit more complex as the game goes on.There are a lot of puzzles in this game as well and it does a good job of easing you into it. The puzzles at the beginning are pretty easy and get a little more involved as the game goes on.I didn't expect much from the story when I booted up this game, but it was pleasantly engaging. As the game continued on, I found myself caring a bit more for War's quest for vengeance.However, my favorite part of the game is the art style and creative direction. Joe Madureira is one of my favorite comic artists, and his influences really shine through here. The aesthetic for the game, enemies, weapons, armor, character and level design are all top notch. Music leaves something to be desired as I found that a little forgettable. Voice acting was pretty good, especially with Mark Hamill as The Watcher and Liam O'Brien as War.I expected less from this game and it gave me more. If you are a fan of 360/PS3 era action games with a little bit of RPG in them, I would recommend this game. Combat isn't incredibly deep but it feels rewarding. Art direction is top notch."
,Recommended,462780,28855481,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,🅺🅸🅽🅲🅰🅸🅳,"Bought the game while it was on sale, played it on easy mode since I haven't played the original darksiders. The storyline is great and killing that ♥♥♥♥ing Tiamat and Silitha is annoying.10/10 would kill another ♥♥♥♥ing spider"
,Recommended,462780,28848808,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Yasumoto ^_^,Darksiders is a classic
76561198041405641,Recommended,462780,28884513,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,heimdall99,"One of the best action games I have played. Puzzles and arcade sequences are well balanced for average skill level, never being too difficult to take away from a smooth flow of gameplay. Story is very engaging and voice acting is excellent. Fight options are varied enough to be fun through the game. Plenty of secrets to discover if you like to grind. Highly recommend this for anyone who enjoys action adventure games."
,Recommended,462780,28920975,Posted: 1 January,all,Steppy20,"Not buying this game on sale, even if you never play it is a crime in itself. In the UK it is 80% off which means it costs 4 GBP. If I didn't get this as a free upgrade then I would definitely buy it.The remaster is amazing and is essentially the original game with a much more modern feel to it. The only possible downside is it hasn't been as well optimized for PC as it has for the consoles but on a modest system it should run perfectly on medium graphics settings (which doesn't technically exist in the menu).Short answer. Buy this game right now if it is on sale because I am a cheapskate and only buy games on sale."
,Recommended,462780,28870725,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TW ircS7,If your a fan rpg and hack slice games this is a great game for the price.
76561198135060584,Recommended,462780,28851999,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,No Eyes,This is probably my favourite game. I remember playing it on Ps3 years ago and its still ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,462780,28848093,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,THATDIDNTWORK,"Great job from ThqNordic, this is what i call the ""Remaster"". The good old Darksiders is now returns with amazing graphics and details. ofc its size is bigger now, but its definitely worth. The resolution, lightings, very improved cutscenes, no stutter, high fps, better colors... If u ask me, just buy it whether you played it before, or not."
,Recommended,462780,28907639,Posted: 1 January,all,Nice to Have,An already great game has become even better!
76561198050482638,Recommended,462780,28888835,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,FrenkiTheMaster,Much recommended.A great remaster worth playing.
76561198003019986,Recommended,462780,28845980,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Roxoror,The fighting is really fun. The riddles are ok.
,Recommended,462780,28846670,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ThePebblePriest,"I am a collector, I like to get as many things as possible. A few years ago I picked Darksiders (the original) up for real cheap for a few reasons. 1 I heard that their company shut down, so I wanted to see why. 2. I have a friend who loves the games, mostly 2, but said the story was great. So one day I decided to launch it, and...well... I played up to the part where Mark hamil talked, lost my♥♥♥♥♥♥ searched to make sure it was him, closing the game in the process and after that I was consumed in my hype for other games that he was in, mostly Batman, so I never continued.Then the day came.Deathinitive was already out, I have it, never played it, then this launched...Warmastered...The name just felt sick. I had to try it again.My God am I happy I did.This is a gem buried in the pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that present day gaming is. Remastered, better than ever. Play as one of the 4 horseman sent on a quest for revenge, killing every angel and demon stupid enough to get in your way. Watch the story unfold as you realize that your other horsemen do not  come with you, and you must fight this war alone.(heh see what I did there, your war... I thought it was funny...)Get caught in the story and make new friends in this epic tale.Once again, I need to start playing games I buy, cause I am sorry I didn't play this sooner...100/10P.S. I want number 3 really bad now, get it together THQNordic!"
,Recommended,462780,29136647,Posted: 9 January,all,Kamswagbb,"Quick sentence summary:Just play the damn game it's fun as hell and worth the moneySerious people:In the 32 hours or so I put in I enjoyed this game very much so. The remaster is brilliant and looks good, honest to god the only thing I hate is the difficulty but that's just me being bad, definitely worth the money and very fun you know when you not hating yourself against bosses, at the time of writing this I'm 26 hours into Darksiders II(which is better then this game but only because I'm biased and more of a true RPG guy) I'm playing the second game on Deathfinitive difficulty which is hardest out of 4. This game is what it's advertised as a hack and slash game , it is done extremely well despite being a definite Zelda clone, that's fine though it's like a mature legend of zelda"
,Recommended,462780,29118542,Posted: 8 January,all,TiGGaZ,"Darksiders (Warmastered Edition) has a great story that you can actually understand and get to care for the characters involved, great gameplay that can keep you entertained for hours while still facing some tough challenges along the way and great perfomance for me, at least, with maxed settings.You get to play as one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse, enough said.Its like a light, more story focused Dark Souls type of game.8/10"
,Recommended,462780,29106060,Posted: 7 January,all,Pepeuz,"Great Game, I always preferred the first darksiders for its story, got the collection cheap so I could sell my xbox 360 versions and the warmastered was a pleasant surprise, great graphics, everything running so smoothly. It was so great that trying to play the deathnitive edition with FPS problems after was a total letdownIf you look to relive that awesome game that you liked back in 2010 as I did, great opportunity and money well spent."
76561198282031841,Recommended,462780,29098083,Posted: 7 January,all,gamara11223344,do u want draksiders 3 ........ yesthan buy it nowwwwwbut to the new guy this game is gearta hack and slash game  with greart story
,Recommended,462780,31062517,Posted: 10 April,all,Samurai-Sloth,"An action adventure game similar to 3d Zelda games where the world is divided into multiple dungeons & what not. It's pretty good, if a bit clunky sometimes. The weakest part of the game in my opinion is the dialogue, what's said during cutscenes often comes off as stilted & sometimes nonsensical."
76561198021116209,Recommended,462780,29283399,Posted: 15 January,all,Dann of Thursday,"This is a superb game. When it was first released i unlocked 100% on the PS3 cause i liked it so much. I bought this game in the Bundle for 10 euro during the christmas sale - worth every penny and i will write a review for part 2 aswell. I also played this with ""BIG PICTURE Mode"" and a controllerYOU ARE WAR - One of the four horsemen of the apocalypse, fallen from grace - and you are out for REVENGE!Lets just TL:DR This:Story: 5/10GFX: 7/10Sound design: 6/10Controls: 8/10Overall: 7/10-------------Story: The story is not the main focus of the game, it is actually quite shallow - yet it still pushes you onward throughout the game doing its job. it is not citizen Kane, but it still does the trick - and has a ""sequal"". 5/10GFX: The remaster is a BIG step up from the original - while still looking abit dated it is beautiful - like a moving comic book. thanks to joe madureira, character designer. 7/10Sound: Combat sounds work well, once youve heard the 4hit combo youve heard all the sword sounds etc. Enemies throw out a couple of different voicelines to keep it fresh throughout the game. Foliage etc sounds are good and they do well in creating an atmosphere where you wake up in the middle of a spider infested hellhole in the mountains for example. 6/10Control: Combat is tight, and fast. You are given the options of cycling though alternate weapons and items on the fly, along with fixated or non-fixated camera ala Ocarina of Time. The combat also has the combo system from games like God of war where different attacks mix up into HUGE combinations and flurries of attacks even when shifting weapons - shredding enemies. A weakened enemy can be executed ala god of war to give you different types of souls - either you get mana/hp or the blue souls which are the currency you upgrade your weapons and skills with. You can also do a Block simillar to above mentioned games that throw enemies aswell as some bosses of their patterns opening them up for attack. The one thing that lowers this from a perfect ten is the movement while mounted on Ruin - Wars horse. Clunky, the game does not give the space needed for the horse to manuever around often getting stuck on walls into a full 180. it works, but it lowers the score for me. (9/10)Overall Gameplay: Do you like Zelda? the backtracking, treassure hunting, exploring, temples, bosses etc?Do you also enjoy the fast paced and viceral combat from the god of war series? complete with MASSIVE bosses, massive amounts of secrets to find, caves to explore etc. then this game is for you. it is a PERFECT blend of the two gameplay types set in its own world with its own characters. The game is hardly anything original - but what it takes from other games, it does REALLY REALLY well. (8/10)Overall: For what its worth - this is a OOOOOOLD game, however even if you played the old version or not i still VERY MUCH recommend picking this up. Games like these 2 games are really rare to come by these days. So if you feel like your up for a single-player adventure that can last you anywhere from 8-25 hours? Pick this up. Darksiders 2 aswell. (7/10)"
76561198016818946,Recommended,462780,29688754,Posted: 4 February,all,animalmagic,"Superb, fast action, upgradable weapons skills ... so on.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and filler free !.Great in 4K, the color palette is so nice on the eyes - nothing gaudy.Options are designed to make gameplay enjoyable - you can can change the FOV, save anywhere, quits and loads fast.This is a real game, theres nothing awkward about it - the inventory system is elegant and everthing is explained, every move you can make has a quide window - fantastic game.Its designed to be player friendly and fun - throw cars around and watch em explode to get points .....Combats great, because theres no lag, you jump strike a few times jump out of the way of the bosses strike rush back strike jump strike then jump or rush out the way again without the camera leaving itself in an awkward view angle, really good proper combat.Also the camera works a treat - so does the 360 controller.And finally the maps are really good, not an after thought but a tool to make the game more enjoyable.Good camera, good controls, maps ... these are some of the things that make the differencebetween an enjoyable game and one thats a frustrating experience.They thought of everything that makes a game a playable and enjoyable experience.* Update * After 4 hours of this i can say this is one of the best ive played, its been a long time since i played a really exciting game - its awsome* After over 30 hours in im enjoying this even more, it just gets better and better, im not bored with it* Nearing the end, i must say i could not praise this game enough, its pure genius the way that the power ups, missions and equipment constantly refresh my interest. The devs really put effort into this game.I have rarely enjoyed a game as much - RE4, Vagrant Story are two - the tempo is really good its not spoilt by filler or time wasting, cut scenes are well balanced they tell the story without being used to fill it.Nearly forgot the puzzles - genuinely enjoyable, intriguing and exciting puzzles, puzzles that get the adrenalin going.Finally this game has worked pretty much flawlessly in over 50 hours of play on Windows 10 not a single crash, no save game loss or any other frustrating bugs, bug free is unusual but real with game, and finally finally the camera is so reliable and fast with great controls - using a 360 - no control lag making combat adrenalin filled and frustration free."
76561198044655462,Recommended,462780,30064136,Posted: 20 February,all,GrimZypher,Loading new cutscenes makes the game sometimes lag and new areas with cutscenes give even mayor lags but those fade with time and the game runs normal again...it was always like this even in the old version but hey its more polished then before and got it for free so... yaylove the game.
,Recommended,462780,29985142,Posted: 17 February,all,Zed1406,"love this game/franchiselooking forward for next gamegreat combat system and gameplaylove it story(too much badass ness especially the last clip, men it give me chill down my spine)"
76561198135497965,Recommended,462780,31615152,Posted: 7 May,all,||C0NFLiCT||,"Well having played the original release & now being given this remastered edition. Thank you THQ Nordic, very very kind of  you & much appreciated. You can definitely see where the improvements have been made & I noticed a more refined & detailed look of the characters & certain elements. Vid's are faster & clearer, colours are richer as well as a few game tweaks here & there."
,Recommended,462780,31623528,Posted: 8 May,all,Fish,"Old Game, Still fun"
76561198004472175,Recommended,462780,31627199,Posted: 8 May,all,thechamp2105,The Legend of War: Ghost of Joker.
,Recommended,462780,31643155,Posted: 9 May,all,Calvine,Zelda for edgelords.That's not an insult. That's an accurate description of this game.
76561198186597423,Recommended,462780,31640283,Posted: 8 May,all,Malakian,"The game is good, not great. I recommend it, because the gameisenjoyable, I've played through to completion, but I did have to cus at the screen more than a few times.It's a ""God of War clone"" with a lot of mechanics borrowed from other games like Zelda, Legacy of Kain/Soul Reaver, Dark Souls(?), Portal, etc. You even fight your Shadow self and find a tool that couldn't be any more similar to a Hookshot and still be legal.EDIT: If you are a stupid, idiot mouth-breather like me, and find yourself wondering where you've heard War's voice actor from... he does Illidan Stormrage. Amongst other roles.My thoughts:1. A game like thisneedsa dodge, roll,fluiddash (not the clunky one this uses), something!2. The tools system could have been a lot simpler. You get 3 slots on the D-pad, and 6 tools that are all used frequently. All swapped around in the Start menu screen.3. Needs sprint feature. Mainly for running through clears areas.4. The merchant's upgrades were too overwhelming... and expensive, but that ties into #5.5. Not enough souls for purchasing upgrades. I am not going to grind in a game of this style. I am stupid enough to play World of Warcraft. That's enough of that mess for anyone.6. Seemingly impossible to upgrade all weapons that weren't the main sword (upgraded through use).7.THE TRASH MOBS WERE 1000x HARDER THAN MOST MAIN BOSSES!!!8. Towards the end, the puzzles became longer and put me to sleep.9. I loved the horse, but I am on the fence on if he was useable enough.10. I loved that the ""B"" to execute was fluid in combat, and you didn't have to wait for attack animations to end before being able to finish. This ruins a lot of games for me.11. The story wasn't much, but it had me wanting to know what was going on. Actually, this was the ONLY reason I played past the opening sequence.12. I was pleased with myself when I was able to find the hidden collectables (not obvious, but not impossible).13. The guns sections were cool, but kind of a strange choice.This game could haveveryeasily blown me away, but it just missed a bunch of minor flaws that amalgamated in one giant flaw. I was happy the game ended. Tomorrow, I start Darksiders II.7 ""Tom Hanks' hair style in Angels and Demons"" out of 10^ this game is about angels and demons"
76561198073158113,Recommended,462780,31662866,Posted: 10 May,all,Trafalgar D. Water Law,"One of the best action games series with a decent story line, looking forward to 3 next year :)"
,Recommended,462780,31654500,Posted: 9 May,all,OZKABOT,"This is a really fun game. The puzzles break the pacing a bit for me, mainly because i'm absolutely crap at puzzles. When I didn't have to resort to a walkthrough due to my own stupidity, I genuinely felt a sense of achivement after completing one. Obviously the bulk of the game is combat, and it is good - Nothing to write home about, but it feels satisfyng enough and the finishers add to the fun.The camera can occasionally cause some issues, like there seeming to be no option to lock on / focus onto an enemy outside of perpetually holding down LT. This got incredibly annoying around the bosses (which are pretty darn hard without the occasional camera issues) as I sometimes couldn't see what they were doing. By the time the final boss rolled around i'd stuck some tape over LT. Problem solved.The Warmastered Edition is a nice update too, AND it was given for FREE! On top of that, the original / vanilla Darksiders reamins playable in the library for those who'd rather not play the Warmastered Edition and go with the original for whatever reason. Nothing to complain about there whatsoever.Recommended."
76561198105768808,Recommended,462780,31657697,Posted: 9 May,all,Brickburd,WAR
,Recommended,462780,31669492,Posted: 10 May,all,Straw,"It's a Zelda-like that sticks to the formula very closely; possibly too closely.You do some challenges.You get to the dungeon and explore it.Get an empowering item to progress furtherBeat a boss using said item.Rinse, repeat.It's a timeless formula that always proves rewarding, but unfortunately it's so familiar here that you feel like your going through the motions, and all enemies can be dispatched with your sword.What makes it worth while is the larger than life, Blizzard-like tone of the world and characters; and as a fan of worlds  involving angels and demons, it's a fresh spin on a tried and true formula.It's a solid game, but expect no real surprises; at best, you may be like me and just eat up all the demon slaying whilst replacing the sound track with your own Death Metal spotify playlist."
,Recommended,462780,31686331,Posted: 11 May,all,Antitheus,"You play as War, one of the Horsemen of the Apocalypse. His power is known and he's treated with a certain sliver of respect by even the most powerful of dungeon bosses. Sure people want to kill you because they falsely think you screwed up the balance between Heaven and Hell and blew up all of humanity in the process, but they're still a little apprehensive when confronting you. It's empowering to have supreme beings spout their standard death threats without forgetting to properly address you as a Horseman. They're angry and they're arrogant enough to fight you, but that doesn't mean they won't recognize your status.Darksiders plays smoothly, looks sharp, sounds great, and provides about 15 hours of single-player content. There's lots of gear to collect, weapons to upgrade, combos to learn, and special items to find. There's a range of enemy-rich environments, puzzle dungeons and reasons to backtrack. All seems to be in order for a standout gaming experience, but I felt a few elements of the game limit the range of its entertainment value.War's actual personality, unfortunately, doesn't manage to match up with his reputation. He may not be a traditional heroic figure, but there's never a doubt that ""hero"" is the role he's meant to play here. Since he's the framed victim in a corrupt scandal, it's easy to identify with his desire for revenge and you don't exactly pity the throngs of demons he slices through.A gamepad is definitely the way to go. The dual thumbstick setup on something like the Xbox 360 gamepad makes movement and combat feel much more natural. It also makes menu navigation a little easier, since the map, equip screen, and all the rest have remained intact from the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions. They can be navigated with mouse clicks, but it just makes more sense to use gamepad buttons to flip between tabs and highlight the giant icons. The ability to swap between keyboard and gamepad on the fly would have been a welcome addition here, but as is, the game needs to be restarted to switch input methods.Boss battles are more of an issue. The conventional wisdom is that the further you progress into a game, the harder these encounters become. That's not the case here, even against titanic, towering demons. The actual fights are simpler than most of the challenges you just hopped through to get there. It makes for an anticlimactic experience in every dungeon. You're expecting the ultimate test of your skills but given a challenge on par with a standard enemy group encounter. It's something I think anyone who plays this game will find to be disappointing.PRESENTATIONDecent story and high production values. Very limited graphics customization options.GRAPHICSA strong, consistent art style, great use of color, and top notch animations. Cut-scene image quality isn't as good.SOUNDVoice acting is professional, though much of it is forgettable. Solid sound design throughout, from weapon and battle effects to the overworld music.GAMEPLAYNeither the puzzle nor combat systems are especially deep, but the fluidity and accessibility keeps them entertaining, along with the gear items and upgrades that add variety.LASTING APPEALThis is not a short game at around 15 hours, though the superficial appeal of each section means backtracking isn't as interesting as it could have been."
76561198072315682,Recommended,462780,31693230,Posted: 11 May,all,Pimp Slayer,"Abridged:4/5 – A technical flaw that can be worked around for a solid Adventure game.Pro)• Solid and visceral combat.• Great characters and character designs.• Streamlining gameplay mechanics from God of War and The Legend of Zelda.• A strong delivery on making the player feel like a shamed Horseman of the Apocalypse.Con)• If not locked to 30-35fps, camera will shake violently.• (Nitpick) Not all game mechanics/designs have aged well.Unabridged:Darksiders was one of the many unsung heroes of unique titles from the 7th Generation of Gaming; it streamlined many of the oversights and inconveniences in the gameplay mechanics from the God of War and The Legend of Zelda franchises. Nevertheless, Darksiders goes over and beyond copying its influences, making you feel like a shamed Horseman of the Apocalypse.However, Darksiders Warmastered Edition, while still the same great game where the player takes up the mantle of War, a Horseman of the Apocalypse, is plagued with a remastered-unique issue which has also spoiled the remastered titles of Darksiders’ influences. The camera will shake violently if the player does not lock the framerate to 30-35fps, and unfortunately, this does not entirely fix the vertigo-camera issue but rather lessens it and makes it endurable.It is disappointing that the vertigo-camera was not fixed, but I recommend playing Darksiders Warmastered Edition after locking the framerate to 30-35fps based on its overall quality that is damn near timeless."
,Recommended,462780,31607520,Posted: 7 May,all,DrVanillaDlck,"So you're a PC gamer who's looking for an experience reminiscent of Zelda?  Look no further.  While this game is not without it's flaws, it's a rewarding and satisfying start to a franchise I hope continues to grow and flourish.  I haven't played the sequel, but after this title, it's high on my list of games to play.PROS:Story - While it starts slow and isn't without it's cliche twists, the story ends up being strong, supported by the rich lore of a biblican apocalypse.Dungeon Design - The dungeons are a joy to explore with puzzles that are never frustrating but never too easy.World Design - From spider infested cathedrals to overgrown ruins to huge expanses of shifting sands, the world is well varied while always sticking to the post apocalyptic playbook.Great weapon system - Leveling weapons changes their appearance and effectiveness, which feels better than it should!  You can also purchase upgrades to each weapon with souls you collect from bosses and grunts, with each weapon having a slot that you can assign artifacts to that you've found by exploring the world.  These slotted bonuses vary widely and reward experimentation.CONS:Performance - While I could easily maintain 60fps with a 390x, when playing above that, I would get frequen drops and couldn't maintain 144.  For a title that looks worse than Castlevania: LoS, I would expect it to at least match it in terms of performance.Gear Progression - I don't want to spoil anything, butdon't bother leveling the chaos eater, it gets replaced by a fully leveled sword at the end of the game.Inconsistent story and world atmosphere - While after the first 5 hours or so, the story picks up and introduces meaningful characters, the beginning struggles from claustrophobic level design, weak story exposition, and boring gameplay.The game also makes you wait WAY too long for a horse for quicker traversal.The gun - The gun you eventually get is hot ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.  Like seriously.  Not really that big of a deal and doesnt impact the game, but after purchasing upgrades and attaching using a weapon power up slot to further enhance it, it does nothing.All in all a good game, which I absolutely recommend to any Zelda fans.I'd say a 6.5/10 for the general public, 8/10 for Zelda fans, like myself."
,Recommended,462780,31710273,Posted: 12 May,all,esdfa,"A fun metriodvania-like game with an action-orientated combat system.  The game on the hardest difficulty is never too difficult and contains plenty of collectibles.  Alas, if you are hunting all the achievements, there are some tedious ones that require farming.  Overall, Darksiders is a great look into the Four Horsemen with solid core gameplay even with an albeit clunky feeling combat."
,Recommended,462780,31786738,Posted: 16 May,all,Crick3t,"Third Playthrough, on of the most fun games I've played. Yes, it has a few small flaws, but overall it's a truly great game."
,Recommended,462780,31786873,Posted: 16 May,all,Catcher40,"Love this game and the second one also, can't wait for Darksiders III. Ignore the hours spent playing, had to do a windows 10 reset because i had installed more than 4 apps so it was running slow ;p"
,Recommended,462780,31798589,Posted: 16 May,all,Astromancer,"A great, biblical mish-mash of God of War and Legend of Zelda.What really shines here the most, to me, is Joe Madureira's art, the story, and the soundtrack.This game is a pretty nice little 10~12 hour adventure of War's journey through post-apocalypse Earth. There's a nice number of little secrets and things to find, from the Artifacts scattered around to the various health stone and wrath shard bits you collect along the way as well. My main gripe would be that even though the game is remastered, it still shows it age in terms of some of the game design and the visuals; not that this is necessarily bad though. It's a great game just the same, and one I've played three times now. Twice on the Xbox 360, and now here on PC with the Warmastered version.Now, excuse me while my download for Darksiders 2 Deathinitive Edition queues up."
76561198087313362,Recommended,462780,31803511,Posted: 17 May,all,john_ergine,"God of War meets Zelda. Enjoyable if not a little repetitive. Felt like playing a 15 year old console game, but in a good way."
76561198074229472,Recommended,462780,31767175,Posted: 15 May,all,Momo,One of my favourite game. Now this game even better with improved graphics.Play this while waiting for Darksiders III
76561198066865079,Not Recommended,462780,28129150,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,lunast4r ツ,I can't play the game cause it crashes in the first video sequence after the tutorial level every time.... pls fix!!!!
,Recommended,462780,31761697,Posted: 14 May,all,WizardofAahz,"I bought this game six years ago and forgot I owned it until the Warmastered edition released, so I decided to give it a whirl for the first time. It ended up hooking me in so hard I had trouble studying for final exams, so I think that's good. It is not without flaws though.Good things:Level design is superb. The zones where you make your way through a good portion only to learn a new game mechanic at the end, and go back through the zone again a different way using that mechanic really stood out to me.Fantastic art direction, everything looks really clean and stylish. The zones each have their own unique feel, and I like the combination of fantasy and modern apocalyptic ruin. Some areas in the game really reminded me of DMC4 and Bayonetta, like green/yellow overgrown train stations and misty angelic landscape.Speaking of those games, the combat is pretty good once you have enough moves/weapons unlocked. It certainly doesn't hold a candle to DMC/Bayo, but its varied enough so that stomping enemies with air combos and dodging/parrying doesn't get stale.Sound design, Voice acting, and Menu/UI navigation are pretty good as well. (I played with a gamepad so I can't say how well it works with KBM)I like how the fast travel level transition system works, having a short physical path to walk is very flavorful while also giving time for computers to load the next areaMost of the puzzles are clever and don't take too long to figure outReturning to old areas with new abilities like metroidvanias, is always satisfyingPunching open metal chests like they're made of tin is really, really satisfying.Bad things:The game has bugs, I crashed two times (once at the beginning of the game, and once near the end), and one time I managed to ride my horse in an area I wasn't supposed to until the game found out and made the horse dissapear while I was frozen in the air. Fortunately it autosaves very often so little to no progress was ever lost, but it was pretty annoying.Cutscenes to show that the Designated Combat Arena Time is over are, while short, unskippable and happen often.Not much music to speak of, I can't remember a single tune and I just finished the game 10 minutes ago.Most bossfights have a gimmick, some are agonizing to deal with.Dodging doesn't feel like it has invincibility frames, not all attacks are parryable/blockable, and some enemies have very little tell to when they are going to attackHorse controls aren't great, trying to do a sharp turn will stall your horse and end badly if accidentaly done in combatPlaying on normal, the fury/demon/ragemonster mode feels like it gains meter too quickly (every other fight I had it ready to pop), and is an ""I win"" button most of the time so I ended up telling myself not to use it often to have more fun with the combatSome of the climbing walls can be finicky and require jumping off and on again to workThe layered minimap can be confusing when hunting collectibles and not knowing for sure what height level an item is on~ U N D E R W A T E R C O M B A T ~The game can get very tedious, there is a lot of backtracking and long puzzles (I'm perfectly fine with those normally but, there were parts where even I was wishing it would end)In the end I do recommend this game while acknowledging its flaws (which I realize take up more space than the good parts I wrote), I had a lot more fun with it than not. It's a casual action/adventure game with great puzzles, setpieces and artstyle, and certainly worth my time."
,Recommended,462780,28654477,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,*711,"In all fairness it doesn’t take much to understand this game:* take Zelda environmental puzzles and overall feeling of progression / scavenge hunt* add God of War gameplay antics specially when killing baddies (including the bloody bloody boss executions but with much less arbitrary crappy button presses)* spice everything up with a distinct Meteroid approach to areas and what it takes to access them as well as backtracking to open new ones with new found powers (very very cool and specially useful ones mind you)* dress it up with Apocalyptic catholic inspired Nordic mingled aesthetics (people and monsters are freaking HUGE in this game, just take War as an example… dang shoulder pads Oo)With all of that you have what I’d have probably considered in 2010 as the quintessence of a perfect game. Fast forward to 2016 and much what we touted as perfect mechanics before have been superseded by much better ones but the thing is, this game had many things seemingly ahead of the curve back then and what I’d call bad practices of mid 2000s games are far and few in between and even when they do make themselves apparent the forgiving auto-save lessens the burden considerably.With all of that in mind, I can't recommend the game enough because in the end, I'm having a blast playing it and what else can I ask of a game?!"
76561198063081762,Recommended,462780,28755450,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Doshaburiten,"A very good surpriseThis game was better than I thought it would. I expected a hack and slash, like there are so many others. I got a Zelda-like game with hack and slash type battles in a not that original yet truly fascinating universe. This game is performing really well at taking good points of other action-adventure games and reusing them.Therefore we have fully fleshed dungeons (with couple of boss battles, new item that helps driving through the dungeon, and puzzles) that remind of Zelda games.  Plus every four pieces of hear... I mean skull give an aditional life bar similar to what energy tanks do in Metroid. The protagonist also loses all of his powers at the beginning and has to get them back through the game like the armored lady. While unlocking new items and abilities the player can backtrack to get new chests he couldn't reach before and they can be really rewarding ! Then we have the usual hack and slash gameplay with several weapons, techniques and abilities to buy.Good pointsReally interesting universe, staging the Four Horsmen of the Apocalypse, Hell and Heaven. In this War is neither good nor evil, he just brings justice.Dungeons and puzzles, not only endless and repetitive battles.Good level and world design, not making you travel useless distances, even if you are backtraking for items.Shooting sections from time to time, but never twice the same gameplay.There are lots of blood, if that's your thing.Characters are interesting, yet predictable. But interesting.Ulthane and his voice actor.Bad pointsNo new game plus.Some of the alternative weapons are cool but not that effective.The story might be a bit confusing, especially at the end.The game takes inspiration from other games and doesn't really innovate.There are lots of blood, if you aren't fond of it.Characters are predictable, yet interesting. But predictable.Still some bugs, but devs are working on it.All in all this is a really good game if you like action adventure games, apocalyptic worlds and dark fantasy."
76561198119595291,Recommended,462780,29050115,Posted: 5 January,all,FIdel,The graphics are better....
,Recommended,462780,29058840,Posted: 6 January,all,PanzerinoNinoNino,i love this game <3
,Recommended,462780,29127477,Posted: 8 January,all,Danger1300,"If you are thinking of buying this game...DO IT!!!I got this game in a steam sale with Darsiders II and do NOT regret it at all. My only gripe with this game is the mapping system. I got lost a few times and struggled to find a couple of treasure chests because it is not obvious where one floor ends and the next begins. That aside, the combat is phenomenal, the story is alright but leaves off on a beautiful cliffhanger.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go play Darksiders II."
76561198333256070,Recommended,462780,29075022,Posted: 6 January,all,DeadlyLight,"This game is amazing, from the gameplay, the story, and the visuals. 10/10"
,Recommended,462780,28980783,Posted: 3 January,all,Tumbleweed.exe,The Darksiders Series is Really underated in My opinion.It's a Really fun game. Storys pretty cool too.It's sad to see that games Like CS:GO and pretty much any other generic fps will win an award for doing jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ yet Games like this get barely any praise.I highly advise you to get this game. You damn well won't regret it.
76561198209672233,Recommended,462780,28990681,Posted: 3 January,all,DrakeKay,Badass as ♥♥♥♥!
76561198051622503,Recommended,462780,28993555,Posted: 3 January,all,Baka,Still a great take on the Zelda Formula.As close to Legacy of Kain we're going to get for the foreseeable future.
,Recommended,462780,28969506,Posted: 3 January,all,aus741,"Some of the textures still look dated and the upscale to 1080P reveals some flaws in the graphics, but the gameplay is still fantastic and the overall visual quality is just fantastic and pops off the monitor. This is a case of a remaster being unneeded, but it's a great thing that it does."
,Recommended,462780,30993474,Posted: 7 April,all,Lee So Young,run smooth on my GTX 740M. a little disapointed because sometime the game crash at cutscene.
76561198052789807,Recommended,462780,28950044,Posted: 2 January,all,Slayde,A very good game with hours of fun. i Have discovered the game with the remaster and i have spended already 5 hours on it.
,Recommended,462780,28950395,Posted: 2 January,all,Cpt.Maxmillian,"Liked the original one it is so good to see its remastered. Game is really fun by its fighting style. One of ""need to play"" games."
,Recommended,462780,28787364,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jack Delgado,this was one of my fave games its good. i have problems with the mouse tho seems a bit glitchy. hopefully it gets patched everything else is great
,Recommended,462780,29214105,Posted: 12 January,all,Kuboko,"Good game, mayby to much visiting same location but otherwise solid 40h of gameplay"
76561197961766320,Recommended,462780,29209730,Posted: 12 January,all,gopherboy,I put 22 hours into it on the hardest difficulty. Definitely worth 19.99. I got it free since I had already purchased darksiders. The same goes for Darksiders 2. Overall it's probably an 8/10.
,Recommended,462780,29205094,Posted: 12 January,all,M__17__M,"i like itand i recommend it to those who love ""dmc"" and ""god of war"""
76561198140718618,Recommended,462780,31056051,Posted: 10 April,all,Mai-Xmas,"I played from the start to the end, in every minute it's make me excited all the time!the graphic is amazing with a great story and gameplay is crazy fun.I can say ""This is the BEST Action Adventure Game I ever played in my life!"""
76561198041656877,Recommended,462780,30203921,Posted: 26 February,all,DE GRAAFF,"This game is amazing. I already liked the original, but the updated graphics and FPS make a great game an instant classic! One of the few times a remaster has actually impressed me."
,Recommended,462780,28101547,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dercius,"*UPDATED REVIEW POST PATCH*Initially there were some pretty severe performance issues for people with AMD cards but the developers have been great, in constant contact via the forums and worked non stop to release a patch to fix the issues which (for me at least) has been fixed!Darksiders is a great game and this edition is as fantastic as I remember it being and then some, well worth a revisit!It was disappointing that the product didn't work for me on release but I cannot fault the staff at Kaiko for the promptness of their response. Good job guys (y)*The only minor issue I suffer now is the audio in game custscenes is a little off but it's not too bad*"
,Recommended,462780,28083795,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,✪Psycho,"After the AMD patch, I can confirm that the game runs very well on the following system:CPU: Intel Core i7 4770 3,4 GhzGPU: ASUS R9 390 STRIX OC @1070MhzRAM:16 GB Corsair Vengeance @ 1600 Mhz"
,Recommended,462780,28094283,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ManApeFish,Issues with AMD cards fixed with latest update review changed to reflect that.Great game 10/10
,Recommended,462780,28171566,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,{LAN} Darkguyver,As of right now game crush all time un playable very dispoint I play it aging now it play fine I would now recommend this game
76561198263126348,Recommended,462780,28140311,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,matthewkrueck,"Unplayably poor performance on amd cards. Running a r9-380x and I dont get better than 15 fps in the openeing. PLEASE FIX!!!!!!Following recent patch, all issues fixed. Perfect 60 FPS plus. Thank you so much for the quick fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Great Game"
76561198047884815,Recommended,462780,28104705,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Appomatix,"Darksiders is a pretty good game. I played it on Xbox 360 back in the day.The preformace of this version is pretty bad. I cannot get a stable framerate. Drops doesn to the teens, and rarely up to 60.My PC should crush this game at 1440p, but I barely average 30.My PC:Intel i5 6500MSI R9 3908GB DDR4 2133 I would consider this to far exceed the recommended.Note:Apparently there are issues on AMD hardware. Shocker....EDIT**A patch was released and now the game runs much better. Darksiders is a grat game. I'm glad They fixed it as fast as they did."
,Recommended,462780,28105588,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Sinius,"All issues with AMD seem to have been fixed! Alright, the game gets a full recommendation from me now. I'll update this review later with more detail after I re-play this masterpiece."
,Recommended,462780,28410537,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Marshal Monty,"Welcome to the massive shoulders club, where personifications of abstract concepts ride through the ether, clipping the wings of angels and blunting the horns of demons...It's Zelda on steroids. It's actually not bad."
76561198069567484,Recommended,462780,28088990,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nick9572,Now that the game is playabe I can say its a nice remaster of a great game.
,Recommended,462780,28103639,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mat_ladou,"The AMD issue has been fixed, so as promised i heartily recommend this game. My favorite Zelda clone ever.(Original comment)**I loved Darksiders and have multiple playthroughs on the old console version and was looking forward to playing it yet again with better visuals. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend the Warmastered Edition due to the appalling performance. According to what I've been able to find out this is a problem specific to people with AMD graphics cards, such as myself (R9 290). If this issue is resolved I will certainly recommend it, until then thumbs down.**"
76561198042270210,Recommended,462780,28127047,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,/u/xxponage,"O̶n̶c̶e̶ ̶a̶g̶a̶i̶n̶ ̶T̶H̶Q̶ ̶h̶a̶s̶ ̶r̶e̶l̶e̶a̶s̶e̶d̶ ̶a̶ ̶b̶r̶o̶k̶e̶n̶ ̶g̶a̶m̶e̶,̶ ̶R̶u̶n̶n̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶o̶n̶ ̶2̶9̶0̶x̶ ̶c̶r̶o̶s̶s̶f̶i̶r̶e̶ ̶b̶o̶t̶h̶ ̶o̶n̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶o̶f̶f̶ ̶I̶ ̶g̶e̶t̶ ̶1̶0̶-̶2̶0̶ ̶f̶p̶s̶ ̶a̶t̶ ̶1̶0̶8̶0̶p̶ ̶a̶n̶d̶ ̶n̶o̶t̶h̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶w̶i̶l̶l̶ ̶f̶i̶x̶ ̶t̶h̶i̶s̶ ̶p̶r̶o̶b̶l̶e̶m̶.̶ ̶A̶M̶D̶ ̶U̶S̶E̶R̶S̶ ̶D̶O̶ ̶N̶O̶T̶ ̶B̶U̶Y̶ ̶T̶H̶I̶S̶ ̶P̶R̶O̶D̶U̶C̶T̶,̶ ̶I̶T̶ ̶W̶I̶L̶L̶ ̶N̶O̶T̶ ̶R̶U̶N̶ ̶C̶O̶R̶R̶E̶C̶T̶L̶Y̶.̶Edit: All of my concerns over performance have apparently been fixed in the most recent update/patch for the game. While I do not own it anymore and cannot test that, this seems to be true according to people online. I will be changing my reccomendation of this game to a thumbs up. Good on you THQNordic."
,Recommended,462780,28116579,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,BOT Connor,Nice.
,Recommended,462780,29279868,Posted: 15 January,all,FlamingWolfrs [GoingToBed],Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good. 0-0
76561198033975337,Recommended,462780,29504934,Posted: 26 January,all,Inquizitor,"Original Darksiders I...exactly the same.BUT this one has...well, its updated version of the original game.What is so good about it? Better graphics i guess. (Stable 60fps on highest details, easy, with not even high-end gaming PC).What else?Well, there are few things which i should mention, for example: Achievements are working (normal Darksiders had bugged achievements and unable to get them, duh). And that is pretty much it. ALSO the Darksiders I Preorder bonus, the Signature weapon of Pale Rider, Death...his scythe ""Harvester"".Is that all?Yes, pretty much thats all what is different and stuff.Is it a game worth buying? Recommended?It sure is worth to buy (but seriously not at the original price), because its super-bad@ss, with interesting story, overall world quality, animations, NPCs and gameplay. But...not for the original price, nonono.Its just Darksiders I...but better lookin-SO YES! Its awesome game (but really, get it on sale)ANYTHING ELSE?YES!!!! Audio is horribly bugged at cutscenes, its either out of sync, music is not playing or audio is completly off. This bug was even in normal Darksiders I (and im wondering how in the hell they still didnt fix this)."
76561198086098026,Recommended,462780,29531794,Posted: 27 January,all,TheForgottenSoul,this will always be my top 5 gamesplayed it on ps3 and got to replay on pc and the graphics were perfectgrate amount between puzzels and hack and slashlots of things to find and a good 8 hour gameplay
,Recommended,462780,29442839,Posted: 23 January,all,orj,Fun.  A perfectly serviceable hack and slash RPG-ish action adventure.  Doesn't overstay its welcome and has a good gentle difficulty curve.  You just don't see quality B-tier games like this any more.A good 7 out of 10.
,Recommended,462780,29444310,Posted: 23 January,all,Josh,Was super happy when I saw I got the Warmastered Edition for free for owning the original.Such a classic fun hack-n-slash game with platforming and puzzles. I remember most people hating it when it came out since it felt like a God of War/Zelda rip-off. It's so much more. I am stunned at how underrated this game is.
,Recommended,462780,29410498,Posted: 21 January,all,Plucky Brit,"Great game, entertaining mix of God Of War and Zelda with a hint of Portal.I found the puzzles that required platforming toward the very late stages of the game a little frustrating as the game isn't the most responsive however overall it was fun to play with entertaining combat and challenging enviromental puzzles, although it does get a little repetative, again towards the end of the game.Recommended to fans of the aforementioned games."
,Recommended,462780,29390343,Posted: 20 January,all,Maul Scarreign,"Good game, good story, good graphics, but spotty audio, poor controls and terrible navigation. Who thought it was a good idea to make the Dash button the same as the Block? People generally have the LS tilted in the direction of the enemy while fighting and in doing so, you end up dashing at the enemy instead of blocking. In regards to the navigation, the map screen doesn't indicate areas changes. There is a lot of backtracking in this game and it'd have been much more bearable if I didn't have to circle the entire perimeter of an area just to find the transition line."
76561198241785594,Recommended,462780,29277411,Posted: 15 January,all,n7.revenant,"TL;DR - Unique story, interesting gameplay. Newly fixed issues from the original version. Go watch a gameplay video.This is a game with very unique backstory – based (and only slightly) on symbolic four Horsemen of the Apocalypse from the book of Revelation (a·po·ka'ly·psis is word revelation in Greek, but let's not get into that) and that is where the actual Biblical similarities end. Some specific characters are based on the Jewish Talmud.Original version released in 2010 by THQ – I played it shortly after (not through steam) and then again some time later. Few years pass and it becomes discounted, so I purchase it on steam and left it rot in my library.After a few months, I was alerted to have made a purchase of the ""Warmastered Edition"", thinking ""What the heck is going on? I did no such thing!"". The Warmastered Edition was given free to anyone who bought the original game! ""Sweet, I'll see of they fixed the Abyssal armour bug."" (more on that later) so I start again.After playthough on easy was done, I started the game again, on normal and lo and behold, the Abyssal armour bug was...not fixed – disappointing.So I wait a few days, and voilà, the bug was fixed and since then I finished the game on normal and apocalyptic difficulty.Story:It's quite dark and brutal – I'm surprised it's just PG15.You play as War, one of the four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, who finds himself on Earth at - as he thinks - the Endwar. It is not, and War has to uncover what's going on and bring justice to those responsible, restore certain level of order and mainly take revenge for what was done to him.Of course, the second game expands on this. There are also two comics and novel Darksiders: The Abomination Vault - the novel I heartily recommend if you get interested in the story (especially the audiobook narrated by Bob Walter), though don't listen to it until you finish both games – the references are worth it. But I digress.Gameplay:I would describe it as a combination of adventure with puzzles, hack and slash and a bit of a 3d platformer. It certainly suffers from its issues, where you thought you're going to jump just at the right time, but the game decides you're going to fall! Not that it is the end of the world mind you - you just lose a small chunk of health and re-spawn at the last stable ""platform"".Speaking of health - you don't gain bigger bar or level up, you gain Life gems (which are collected throughout the world), they give you onemorebar each - you lose the whole bar, you're down one Life gem. Same thing with Wrath (equivalent of mana). You level up weapons with hits, not kills. 3 weapons, 4 levels per weapon. New moves bought for currency.4 wrath abilities bought and upgraded for currency. Stoneskin is your best friend.Total of 12 slotted enhancements which give special traits – Leech, more currency, damage, etc. Of course there is this gaming cliché that you get the best stuff about and hour before the end, at which point you can't really enjoy it much.During progress, you get items that are a key to progress. No need for external guides, you can collect everything with relative ease with help of items that reveal map secrets. Unlike the second game, b***dy stonebites...Technical:Look at the size of this thing! 32GB; ~23GB after installation - that was a lot in 2010. Any guesses why a game, which will take on average 12-13h to complete one playthough has 23GB? All cutscenes are saved as enormous .wmv files in video folder in size of ~10GB!That made an issue for me back in 2010. I never saw any cutscenes, until I updated WMP – go figure.Warmastered Edition is significantly more hungry than the original.Abyssal armour fixed -if you collect all pieces of Abyssal armour, you can start a new game with it on any difficulty. This worked on the original version onlyif you got all the pieces and started the new game in a single sessionand it was NEVER fixed, until now and here."
76561197970647892,Recommended,462780,29266689,Posted: 14 January,all,gtracr,I got this free since I already had the original Darksiders in my steam library. I have played this game on PS3 and PC and the Warmastered Edition is the best version of this game.I played this game at a resolution of 5760 x 1080 (without the need for 3rd party software) and the game looked great with the new textures. It also ran at a solid 60fps (v-sync).A nice remaster for a enjoyable and well scripted action game.
76561197990814599,Recommended,462780,29268149,Posted: 15 January,all,Diablo Hayabusa,"Originally recommended to me off-hand by a friend. Little did I know I would go on to love this game immensly despite its flaws. There's plenty of puzzling and it does feel drawn out unecessarily sometime via puzzles that a Horseman of the Apocalyspe should not have to deal with. Having said that, once you've solved the puzzles the action picks up again. Important is the 2nd play-through which is a must, and is somewhat more enjoyable. This is because the game slows down when having to deal with puzzles the 1st time around. Other than that, this is a fantastic game, with great action and characters. Playing WAR is always going to be awesome and he, as you'd expect, is rather adept at bringing evil-doers and all other undesirable beings to a swift end via his sword CHAOS EATER (even the name is badass).I love this series more tha God Of War and I highly recommend it. If you can make it through the puzzles, there's a lot here to keep you entertained. Make sure you get Darksiders II as well, as that is even more refined (less obscure puzzling). If you think WAR is incredible, wait until you meet his older Brother, DEATH. Dare I say the most badass character in gaming lore ever. Brilliant series that I hope gets a 3rd offering sometime.Solid and worth the money 8.5/10"
,Recommended,462780,32967178,Posted: 28 June,all,Shadowlord Zer0,"I won't go into details about the game as a whole, nor review the game as a whole, since it's a remaster. What I will say is that as remasters go it's pretty good. Graphics definetly have some polish and the game runs well as a whole. Only problems I really had with the game is a pretty common bug with the cut scenes where nearly all background sound other than the VOs is EXTREMELY low volume. There is a way to fix it, but it takes some research and work that most casual gamers wouldn't want to bother with.I enjoyed the game alot and would recommend it, however, if you are unable to, or don't have the patience to fix the sound issue, or are not able to live with it then I would recommend buying the original version."
76561197970629293,Recommended,462780,32306757,Posted: 9 June,all,Ser Eddard Stark,"One of the best Action RPGs i have ever played, fun gameplay, nice puzzles and A W E S O M E Story 10/10"
76561198062515231,Recommended,462780,32217246,Posted: 6 June,all,TAW|Nostradankus,"Darksiders Warmastered Edition is the remaster and ""complete edition of the original Darksiders.The game follows one of the four Horseman, War, on his quest to clean his own name after being accused of wrongfully starting the Endwar between Heaven, Hell and Earth.In terms of gameplay, Darksiders feels like a mix of the 3D Legend of Zelda games and a spectacle fighter à la God of War. On one hand you have a combo-based fighting system, on the other hand you have ""temples"" with puzzles to solve and a boss at the end. Even the health system is akin to Zelda, with hearts being replaced by ""energy tanks"" that you collect after fighting bosses, or piece by piece.Core gameplay is rock solid, and hacking enemies to pieces feels pretty good. The puzzles do get a bit over the top in certain parts, but are all solvable without any outside help even if you are like me and suck at puzzle games.The tecnichal aspect is mostly good aswell. The game runs with a consistant 120 fps on my GTX 980ti and didnt crash during any gameplay. The graphics still look appealing, but the game does show its age in its textures, especially during cutscenes. Also notworthy is that the game doesn't seem to have a resolution option, dispite having a small menu for graphics options. It still ran at native resolution (1080p in my case) and even supports borderless windowed mode.I did experience some minor bugs. My controller would oftentimes start vibrating uncontrollably, which can be fixed by just going into the menus. I've also had one puzzle that I managed to break and that forced me to replay about 20 minutes of gameplay.In the end, I'd recommend Darksiders Warmastered Edition. Personally, I'd wait for a sale and pick it up together with the second game though."
,Recommended,462780,32221561,Posted: 6 June,all,LaplacE,"Really recommend this game, i play all darksiders franchise and really waiting the third sequel for coming out"
,Recommended,462780,32265478,Posted: 8 June,all,Lunu,"First time i am playing a hack n slash game. Its good.P.S. : To fix the cutscene lag, play the public beta version of this game."
,Recommended,462780,32210064,Posted: 5 June,all,Williamtx900,darksiders is really awesome god of war and legend of zelda style game its 15 hours long and its really fun the puzzles are really good you need thinking skills to figure it out the bosses are really cool and hard also fun to fight its a badass game buy it. 10/10
,Not Recommended,462780,32276929,Posted: 8 June,all,ingosiegfried,"It definitely shows it's age. Also, the port was NOT a good one. Camera controls are worse than I remembered..."
,Recommended,462780,32282866,Posted: 8 June,all,Beatz,This is by far the best game I'v played in a while it's gameplay is familiar if u have ever played god of war but there so much to collect and unlike god of ware there is little to probably no quick time evens as far as characters go well the main character seems to act pretty edgy throughout the game
76561197973373312,Recommended,462780,32277124,Posted: 8 June,all,xadiaz,A no brainer!  Get it!  I have it on XBOX and now with the better resolution on the PC is outstanding.
76561198260440159,Recommended,462780,32293226,Posted: 9 June,all,RogueWarrior421,"One of the most  amazing remasters out there,if you like hack and slash games,this is one of the best you can have."
,Recommended,462780,32284611,Posted: 8 June,all,BijiKembar,"When this game 1st came out on xbox360, I remember playing it and this game make me remember of the legend of zelda (for the item per dungeon) and god of war (cutscene fight and epic boss battle)My advice is to played it after taking down the first boss, because if u take ur judgement of this game base of first 5mnts played, this game just another meh....but after u taking down that 1st bossand like god of war game, when all ur ability and power up is stripped awaythats when the fun begin"
76561198100025944,Recommended,462780,32233112,Posted: 6 June,all,HairyBeast,AMAZING! ABSOLUTELY RECOMEND THIS GAME TO EVERYONE! SUCH A BADASS GAME AND JUST WELL WORTH THE EXPERIENCE! SO FUN! BEST GAME IVE PLAYED IN A LONG TIME!
,Recommended,462780,32213491,Posted: 5 June,all,The Relik,"Hack and slash beat em up. And, I really like this game. It's fun. The updated cut scenes are really good, and the updated visuals add that little bit of polish the game needed. Fortunately the art style was done in such a way that it didn't really age badly to begin with, so this is icing on the cake. Pick it up if you don't already have it."
76561198064173490,Recommended,462780,32386710,Posted: 13 June,all,Longey,Its a good game
76561198037314419,Recommended,462780,32394555,Posted: 13 June,all,abuzarhassan,awesome video game .
76561197964957227,Recommended,462780,32412170,Posted: 14 June,all,Tarbas,"Seems to be a nice game with great atmosphere and fighting. Problem is, that it works only well with XBox Controllers. Playing it with keys is not a good option either."
,Recommended,462780,32760052,Posted: 25 June,all,dex_marquis6792,"I got this game because someone told me since I liked the God of War saga, then I'd like this series.  They were right.  I like how the story takes you through different parts of the world and you have to take the time to explore the world on foot, without being able to take shortcuts.  It really makes you appreciate the environment that your playing through. Of course, you get short cuts once you've accomplished a mission, so back tracking is nice.The game has puzzles that you have to solve that don't require a genius IQ, but you do have to think outside the box sometimes to solve them.  The combat style is pretty straight forward, not many combos, so you can really learn the character moves and master them.  However, you can't just hack and slash everyone and expect to be hunky dorey, there are enemies where you have to strategically fight them. Or die. Especially the bosses in particular.Your entire arsenal is a level-up progression system.  So the more you use a particular weapon, the stronger it gets (i.e. damage) & the more moves you can unlock for that weapon.  You only really need to use the one main weapon (if you decide to want to use other weapons, use them early to level all the main weapons up evenly) and throughout the story, you'll actually have to use and switch through the secondary weapons, which are actually really fun.  Also, challenging because some puzzles require you to use multiple secondary weapons simultaneously. So don't neglect the secondary weapons, they actually are useful, and you will have to use them constantly.Overall, darksiders is an awesome game.  Puzzles are great, the story is well thought out, combat style is straight-forward, varing diffiuclties of enemies give you a nice dynamic, boss fights are hard but fun, progression system is cool & overall gameplay is great.  I just finished installing the second game :) you should install the first"
,Recommended,462780,32755915,Posted: 24 June,all,proto661,Such a great game i played it way back on 360 and I really enjoyed playing it again.
,Recommended,462780,32754243,Posted: 24 June,all,Bee,8/10. I'm more fastinated about the story than the gameplay itself. Hopefully the 3rd Rider will be as good as fans expected.  The waiting was too long.
,Recommended,462780,32920110,Posted: 28 June,all,NickTheEmperor,Rawr xD
,Recommended,462780,31595668,Posted: 6 May,all,AnonDogi,Darksiders: Warmastered Edition Brief Review
76561198052422823,Recommended,462780,32932340,Posted: 28 June,all,steelviper80,Summon Ruin seems to have no button preset on the default Xbox One Controller configuration. This can be manually fixed through the in-game options.
76561198025589477,Recommended,462780,32937034,Posted: 28 June,all,iEatPuppies,Amazing Game
,Recommended,462780,32906028,Posted: 27 June,all,Kyoshiro,Great Remaster!  Looks really good and controls are smooth and resonsive.
76561198009420039,Recommended,462780,31996476,Posted: 27 May,all,JonnyRenegade,"Finally beat the game, and I am proud I waited so long.  First off lets not forget they gave us the definitive version for free.Unlike some cough cough other competors. It's ironic that a game that is so good and loosely based off the Bible in revelations went under. Yet Zelda the illuminati all seeing eye never has, but I digress. Darksiders was fun all the way it was gaming at its core. Meaning you went around everywhere, good story, got buffs and powers, found awesome things that help you become more of a badass. And at the end an epic battle, and if you did everything right the badguy seemed so puny. Its every gamers dream to train hard and kick the crap out of the guy that made him go all around the world and defeat hard bosses, and did bad to the character.   Can't wait to finish part 2 which also they gave the definitive version for free. And buy part three. Most to note its concept art was made by my favorite comicbook artist JoeMad.You can't lose with this game."
76561198278353261,Recommended,462780,33720470,Posted: 22 July,all,IA,"This game is my personal favorite, judge from my playtime (and it is leisure playtime, cause I play this after I got home).What i like from it, it has great story, great voice acting, great visuals (esp. Warmastered), challenging gameplay, but I do have some frustrating moment, a bit repetitive (like I said in original review in original game), some I got from boss, some from mini boss, and most of them from fell to lava or some from puzzle, but fortunately I git gud5/5 for this game"
,Recommended,462780,33714859,Posted: 22 July,all,Snowflake,"Unexpectingly challenging, surprisingly rewarding."
76561198008778914,Recommended,462780,33885601,Posted: 29 July,all,Ser Kezian,I first played this game when it originally came out. Enjoyed it then and enjoyed it now. It's got a good story and great voice acting (Mark Hamill loves it) with a good set of upgraded visuals. If you ever see this on a sale definatly grab it.
,Recommended,462780,33911210,Posted: 30 July,all,Malta,"I had a lot of fun with this one. This game is pretty much a Not Zelda in a biblical post-apocalypse. Gather the macguffins from the world bosses to enter Not Ganondorf's tower and save the world (no princess to save here btw). Along the way, your helped by Not Navi who is played by none other than everyone's beloved Joker Mark Hamill.Pros-Great Enviroments-Better than expected combat-Good music-Having The Joker himself be your guide (Snide remarks included)Cons-Some enemy types in the later game can range from a real pain to being down right unfair with their damage output-(Personal gripe) The games feels a little too much like Zelda sometimes.In conclusion, if you like  Zelda-like adventure games but set in a demon infested world, give this one a shot."
76561198011267953,Recommended,462780,34047887,Posted: 5 August,all,Gentletrap,A combination of Zelda and God of War gameplay in a setting within the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse myth. Highly recommend this one!
,Recommended,462780,34221366,Posted: 13 August,all,sixthreezy,"I admittedly missed out on this at release.Now, it's one of my favorite games of all-time."
,Recommended,462780,34379551,Posted: 20 August,all,XxLeva115xX,"@Everyone complaining about the bad mouse controls when you have to press Q.Lmao get goodjust lower your DPIThis game has a great story and great gameplay. All the negative reviews are just people using a mouse that has 3000 dpi and does not know how to lower it. This game was great, would recommend.cant wait for 3 :)"
,Recommended,462780,33740147,Posted: 23 July,all,MechanKing,"I originally played this game on the Playstation when it was first released, and instantly fell in love with it. The vast array of elements this game contains, elements that other games are made around. There is no part of this game I hate and after replaying this game after so long it still has such an overwhelming feeling of nostalgia, that by the end of the game I find myself smiling and happy. I highly recommend this game, and offer you this choice. ""Would you serve in heaven, or rule in hell?"""
,Recommended,462780,34414819,Posted: 22 August,all,𝒜ℒ𝒪𝒩𝐸,"Review 2017My thoughts:I thought at some times this game would be a hassle to complete. Those damn puzzles kept me playing for hours having to look up walkthrough on how to complete them. Everything else in the game I really enjoyed, from the combat scenarios to the roaming of the character everything felt just right. Now if you enjoy Combat Hack n Slash games, this one is for you. Not only does it have a really detailed story, it also has 2 other games possibly 4 that will come out and this is the game you have to play all to really complete to understand each aspect of the four horsemen. Right now 3 is in the making but I'm catching up and going to play 2.Pros-Gliding, double jump not in 2nd game.Mark hamill actor!!! (Actor who plays luke skywalker and Joker in batman series)Actor of war also plays as voice actor from Medal of honor pacific assault I think I forget lol.You can be a beast... literallyCons-Not as versatile with running and climbing except for the grappling hook I enjoyed thatEven on normal mode you lose a lot of healthGraphics look the same just some updated textures so I don't know why its 20 gigsOverall this is a must have on sale I don't think I would buy it on full just because it is a singleplayer and also the fact that I got both games during a sale for 3-8 quid :)"
76561198130529307,Recommended,462780,34406996,Posted: 21 August,all,juanayala275,"I just finished it!! great game!! As someone who played the second one first, I really enjoyed War's side of the history. I cant wait for Darksiders 3!!"
76561198021271311,Recommended,462780,34388860,Posted: 20 August,all,~NaGgZ~,"Awesome Game, played this when it first came out but never got to finish it. Now I get too :D"
,Recommended,462780,34428127,Posted: 22 August,all,Crazy Pete,Once you get adjusted to the controls it is a very well made game.  I enjoyed just about everything except for a time or two when the camera didn't cooperate.  If you like God of War then you'll enjoy this.
76561198021176712,Recommended,462780,33534684,Posted: 14 July,all,Tony,"you know that feeling when everything in front of you just splits into pieces? and it's all because you have an awesome sword..? ooo, oo and also, your steed breathes fire and goes by a cool name kinda thing? yeah, well, you'll get that a lot.on a serious note, story good. graphics good. sound good. voice acting good. i dumped a good hundred hours (original and warmastered combined) into this thing and i'm not done just yet."
76561198011349966,Recommended,462780,34202257,Posted: 12 August,all,[GB] Kha☯s,Very good puzzle game! worth getting. Amazing cut scenes + battles. AI is not smart and some puzzled are a bit long winded. Very long grind time to unlock lots of achivements (1:40 mins just for one!)  solid 8/10
,Recommended,462780,34283707,Posted: 16 August,all,[]xxxx[;;;;;;;;;>,"I Bought it just because It's a good game, I played it before."
,Recommended,462780,34467790,Posted: 24 August,all,Adiuvat,Nice graphical improvements!
,Recommended,462780,34518016,Posted: 26 August,all,Butcher,"It's a fun game with some weaknesses, mainly the repetitiveness and controls which can be annoying sometimes. Otherwise I strongly recommend if you like to slaughter demons with puzzles sprinkled in between."
,Recommended,462780,34707596,Posted: 3 September,all,Joe Di,I played it before years ago on a PS3 and this game is still a gem. A wonderful game (given the constraints of the 2010 hardware capabilities). I really enjoined playing this remastered edition.
76561198085890418,Recommended,462780,34738736,Posted: 4 September,all,taytay,great game for a great series recommended for everyone who loves action adventure  rpgs
,Recommended,462780,34726744,Posted: 3 September,all,Zylon,Just Enjoy.
76561197972275618,Recommended,462780,34642267,Posted: 31 August,all,drom_techmarine,fun game
,Recommended,462780,28093722,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,IceBear310🔥,"Great game, all issues fixed!"
,Recommended,462780,34658250,Posted: 1 September,all,Doge-Spielen,A warmastered version of a good stuff.
76561198028091816,Recommended,462780,34891653,Posted: 11 September,all,Illuminati MLG,Fun game and the story is actually interesting too
