user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198070915580,Recommended,462770,33875710,Posted: 29 July,all,Swaidan-11,"This review is 100% spoilers free and discusses why some people did not like the game.Some Supergiant's fans gave it negative reviews, I disagree but understand their point of view.First of all I would like to address that Transistor is my favorite game on Steam and Bastion is not far from there. I spent +60 hours in each one of them and absolutely love them. Supergiant Games however are famous for creating a totally new and differenet experience in each of their games, going from action RPG to mostly strategy and finally to some weird visual novel party based fantasy sport. I expected that Pyre would be different than the other two but some fans did not, they expected Supergiant to do their famous gimmick in which they blend the story telling in the middle of the gameplay. I personally believe that Supergiant should not be stricted to a system just because they perfected it and were famous for it, they might try something totally different(which they also perfected here with Pyre as an almost visual novel). I can understand why they want Supergiant to stick with their old system but that does not justify the negative reviews on the game just because of its genre is visual novel and did not use the same gimmick as the previous two games.Pros:+ Amazing story which you can dive into as deep as you are interested.+ Memorable unique characters, you might love some of them you might hate the others but in the end they're all interesting which creates the connection between you and them.+ Do I even need to talk about the soundtrack? Darren Korb kills it again here.+ Art style is absolutely gorgeous and developes an awesome atmosphere that pulls you into the game, in my opinion one of the best arts in video games by far.+ The core gameplay (The Rites) is a lot of fun with great character differences and variety of play styles. You might find it too easy at the beginning, well, wait and see how the game can give you a good challenge if you're willing to accept it.+ The RPG elements in the game are important and highly customizable, whether it's the items or chatacter upgrades.+ On a technical level my mind is blown by how the story goes by with the decision making and your wins and losses. It's like every and each player will get its very own different story than the other. I played Telltale games and The Witcher but this one stands out among them as the highest number of possible results you can get. Like even in some major choice matters I found that my options were totally different than my friend's because of how we approched the game and our relationship with the Characters.Cons:The cons in my opinion does not affect the enjoyability of the game but just to mention them.- I personally do not think this is a con but some people might be bored with the too much reading in the game and that is why I stated that Pyre is close to be a visual novel. So if you hate reading a lot of dialogues this might not be the perfect game for you.- The core gameplay (The Rites) could've taken more parts in the story since each match lasts only like 4 minutes, that is not something annoying or negative in the game I just think it could've been a little bit better.- My only take on Supergiant games is that they should've mentioned how Pyre is close to be a visual novel so that their fans who played Bastion and Transistor can understand the major changes happened here, in other words the game description is missing some elements.Overall:I find Pyre to be one of the best games I ever played so far especially in terms of story and choice matters. The characters are strong part of the game and influence your choices a lot. The soundtrack and art style are on a different level. And last but not least the core gameplay is well thought and really entertaining and much deeper than what you think which most visual novels don't usually devolop.For those Supergiant fans who did not like the game, I can understand your point of view but does not mean the game is bad just because it does not use Bastion and Transistor's gimmick, or because the genre is not your cup of tea.Thanks for reading."
76561198042813967,Recommended,462770,33796469,Posted: 25 July,all,mira',"This game is truly completely different than all the other Supergiant games.I’ve played for a while now, and I believe the following points are important to know about Pyre.1. The game is extremely story centered. You have to read a lot. If you don't like reading dialogues or anything at all in games then I think this game is not for you. The game depends on you reading everything. The story is interesting though. Sometimes there are really funny moments. All in all it’s not boring to read it.2. You have to make many decisions, and yes they do impact the story to a certain extend. Some have more impact than others though.3. So, expect for the fights, this game is like a Visual Novel. The most time is spent reading.The story is interesting and I want to know what happens next. Also the characters. Those are so diverse and likeable; it’s nice and refreshing. The art is just gorgeous and the music is too, just like in any previous Supergiant games.I personally really like reading a good story so I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who does too.--- I've written a little bit more about story & characters below (light spoilers) ---StoryI‘ve read a lot of Visual Novel’s (not sexual one’s, mind you) and I also read a lot of books. I think the story is interesting but not as engaging as it should and must be as a Visual Novel’s. There is a whole backstory written in a book about the Rite’s that you are completing, which you can read. It’s mostly told out of the perspective of a person, but it still gets boring fast. Sometimes after completing a rite, I gained up to 8 pages of this book at once. It’s not fun reading 8 pages at once. I do believe there is a better way of implementing the backstory into a game. I really wanted to read it all, but it began feeling like a task all too soon. Of course, this could have been me being lazy.CharactersI love the diverse and likeable characters that Pyre presents to you. In fact, I like them so much, that sometimes I ask myself: Why can’t we speak more with them? Instead of having so much text written in a book, why not be able to deepen your friendship with your companions? I did ‘care’ about them a little bit, even with the relatively short and rare interactions that are available. But being on a journey with them, being a team, completing the rite’s together… I think it would have been good for the game if there was a possibility to speak and interact more with your companions. But that’s really just my opinion.Obligatory German: ‘I’m sorry for my bad English’ and thanks for reading! :)"
,Recommended,462770,34050479,Posted: 5 August,all,Emperor Gandhi,"Something I believe I should note right off the bat is thatPyreis not a game that will appeal to everyone. Even if you're a fan of other Supergiant games, do your research before you buy this game.That doesn't mean Pyre is bad. No, it's the direct opposite of that. However, compared to their other games, this one might be harder for some to enjoy due to its heavy visual novel elements. Now that that's out of the way, I think the one word to describe how I felt after finishing this game isawestruck.Even if this is a more niche title, it doesn't change the fact thatPyreis one of the best games 2017 has to offer.GraphicsBy Supergiant standards, this is the best they've done in the visual department. While all of their games look great, this one was eye candy from start to finish. All of the different areas really set the tone, and the character designs are extremely diverse and unique. There isn't much to say here, but there isn't anything about the graphics I can fault. I don't think there's any way they could've done it better, because the game is absolutely gorgeous to look at.GameplayPyre's weakest aspect is its gameplay, however it's not bad at all. At worst, there was a lot of missed potential, but at best, you have an extremely interesting and unique take on football/basketball. There's no denying that Pyre's gameplay is extremely unique, and it's extremely fun. It's not completely polished, as certain characters like Ti'zo and Fae/Dae/Bae/etc. are ridiculously OP, but the concept is there and it works. I loved experimenting with the different playable exiles and adapting to the fairly dynamic (and constantly exciting) Rites, and the game encourages flexibility. That being said, the Rites themselves don't actually get all that interesting until about 1/3 of your way into the game, where more gameplay options are provided to you. It's quite understandable if you find yourself slogging through the first part of the game. But once you get passed that, the gameplay becomes far more complex and interesting. Also, it's important for me to mention, this game has awesome online multiplayer potential. I was surprised to hear this game didn't have online multiplayer, because the Rites are very enjoyable once you get through the beginning stages. Overall, the gameplay's still good, but definitely where Pyre falls short.StoryPyre'sstory made me feel a wide range of emotions. At some points, I was getting teary-eyed, and at other times I was audibly yelling at my monitor in excitement. It felt like a real journey, and it was so fascinating to watch all of these problems unfold and see how the characters respond to it. But that's wherePyreis at its best - the characters. I loved every single one of them. Every single Nightwing who joins you is fleshed out and three-dimensional, you can tell plenty of time and care was put into making them lovable. One thing I also liked is that the game did take certain character clichés and flip them on their heads, one example being my favorite character, Rukey. The way he's portrayed at first gives you the vibe that he's going to be a shady, self-centered, and annoying prick who will want to make you bash your head into a wall. Instead, without getting too much into spoilers (but I'll censor it anyway just in case),Rukey turns out to be an honest and supportive person who cares deeply for his family's well being.Anti-trends like this are pretty common with all of the characters, and it made me love everyone, even the exiles you face off against.Pyreis probably one of the most deep and open-ended games I've ever played, with there being a ridiculous amount of lore and ways for the game to play out. It's definitely going to overwhelm some, but if you power through it, you will find that this game is very immersive and keeps you on the edge of your seat from start to finish.AudioSupergiant games have always had a great soundtrack to back them up, but they went above and beyond with this game. Each piece feels different and fits their intended tone. There wasn't a single piece that felt out of place. The songs with vocals, however, were the highlights. Darren Korb and Ashley Barrett have beautiful voices, and every time they sang, I got goosebumps. While some might be disappointed by the lack of Logan Cunningham's normal narrator voice, but the one they had for this game fit the theme a lot better in my opinion and I was perfectly fine with him. This game's narrator especially got more entertaining as the game progresses, although explaining why would lead to spoilers. To conclude, just like the game's story and visuals, I can't find anything to fault here.ReplayabilityThe amount of replayability in this game surprised me. There's a LOT of different outcomes to the game, and with the incredible story, I'm considering going through it again just to see what other interactions I can find between the charming ensemble of exiles. It's a shame that the game doesn't have online multiplayer, though, otherwise I would be even more hooked on this game than I already am.VerdictAlthoughPyreis most certainly unique and an incredible experience, I think a good game that it can be compared to isUndertale.WhilePyreisn't a 10/10 game and some people will find the visual novel aspects tedious, both games have extremely well developed characters, an amazing storyline from start to end, and soundtracks where every single song is enjoyable in their own way. Supergiant has given us yet another high quality game, and if it appeals to you, dear Reader, you will be more than satisfied with this incredibly brilliant and enthralling emotional rollercoaster.Graphics- 10/10Gameplay- 7.5/10Story- 10/10Audio- 10/10Replayability- 8.0/10**PERSONAL PICK**.:9.1/10:.""Amazing""+ Absolutely gorgeous visuals+ Incredible soundtrack+ Lovable and diverse cast of characters+ Memorable and emotional main story+ Unique and entertaining gameplay+ Dynamic storytelling adds replayability- No online multiplayer- Slow for the first few hours"
76561197981643140,Recommended,462770,34282766,Posted: 16 August,all,Knoffi,"1. What is ""Pyre""?The game ""Pyre"" was made by Supergiant Games and was released on the 25th of July in 2017. After ""Bastion"" and ""Transistor"" this is their third game. ""Pyre"" is an indie-action-rpg, which story is mostly told in form of a novel. The gameplay is very different to the experience you probably made in ""Bastion/Transistor"", which lead a few people to put a negative review on steam. Now you will no longer play as one single character like before, but you are responsible for a group of exiles. The gameplay at it´s heart can be declared as 3 parts:part 1 contains travelling/exploring the worldpart 2 contains social interactivity with your group (talking/trading/decision-making)part 3 contains to take part in the rites, that means a fast-paced action ball game (3 vs 3) without        a planning phase (like in ""Transistor"")2. Technical details-the game runs fine on my windows 10 64 bit machine and it needs about 8.2 gb space of your hard drive. Unfortunately the game runs bad on old machines, because you need about 4 gb ram to run it without an error (my other 3 gb ddr2-system couldn´t run it, I received a ram-error-message when starting the game).-controls with mouse+keyboard or gamepad are good and well implemented.3. What does the game right?-great rpg-novel-mixture as a whole unique and emotional experience-despite the linear progression (mentioned ""phases/parts"" above) the game stays interesting enough to continue-a colourful and fantastic world to explore (no open-world)-great character-design and a good variety of different creatures, which affects the gameplay during the rites-beautiful artstyle with a lot of detail and smooth animations-believable and fleshed-out storyline (NOT ""black and white"") with a personalised ending!-wonderful soundtrack (mostly ambient)-the creatures of the world speak their own language, subtitle is displayed in old-fashioned English-rites: the thrilling-faced-paced-action-game has a lot of depth to it (skill tree/character selection/items/area of the rite)-selectable difficulty level (rites can be optionally restartet), which can be changed during the game (+ ""titan-mode"": advanced challenges you can add separately like in ""Bastion/Transistor"")-meaningful and emotional decisions to be made (I´m looking at you mass effect), thankfully there are no dead-ends but different endings (personalised!)-""Pyre"" is ""2-3 times"" longer compared to ""Bastion""/""Transistor"" without getting boring-good mouse+keyboard and gamepad support-""versus-mode"": you can play against friends together on your pc or alone against CPU (with all the characters in the game!)4. What does the game wrong?-the fast-paced-gameplay during the rites can be very fast and too stressful at times (I experienced some unfair situations here and there)-controls are sometimes not precise enough, especially when the gameplay is getting hot-hardware requirements (like ""Transistor"") with 4 gb ddr-ram are over the top regarding old rigs with dual-core cpu´s-some minor bugs during the rites (ball gets stuck, switching between characters over distance, bad camera angles over distance)-""versus mode"" can only be played as local multiplayer-no bonus material for fans at all5. tl;drPyre offers a fantastic but linear action-rpg-experience with a great story, which is told in form of a novel with a personalised ending. The gameplay is a mixture of exploration, social interactivity and a 3 vs 3 ball-sports-game. The level of creativity considering world-building, character design, music and the way the story is being told is on an insanely high level. If you liked ""Bastion"" and ""Transistor"" you need to know that you don´t play just as one character anymore. But what you can expect is a game with a heart, just like their games before. Pyre is in my opinion a masterpiece and the best Supergiant game so far.6. Final thoughtsAs a child of the 80´s I played a lot of pc games. Sometimes I look back and remember how I bought game boxes from a company called ""Lucas Arts"". There were times I didn´t even inform myself about the upcoming games, I just bought them because I loved their games I purchased before. For me Supergiant reached that status in the present time.Until the stars align!If you liked this review be sure to hit the like button to help other players with helpful reviews. Thanks!"
76561198037380895,Recommended,462770,33924629,Posted: 31 July,all,Petrichor,"Do not buy this game purely because you are a fan of Bastion and Transistor.I can not stress that point enough.This game shares the amazing atmosphere, soundtrack, and story telling of SuperGiant's first two games, but the meat of the game, the combat, plays absolutely nothing like them, and is brutally savage.This game isnt a casual topdown shooter, its not a semi-turnbased ability centered hack and slash: this game is squad rts 3v3 football on crack.It is not easy, it is not casual, and sometimes it is not fun.Generally when I play a new game I put the difficulty on the highest setting, as I find that is the best/most fun way to play, but for this game I found myself challenged on the standard setting.  In my opinion, It would take an experienced veteran of this game to attempt a run on Heightened difficulty, and that is not really what I came looking for.The game is fast, unforgiving, and frustrating.If this game did not have its beautiful art and characters, I would have already given up on trying to play it.If you want a challenge, get this game.If you want to try out an entirely new kind of squad based rts, get this game.If you want to scream ""Excuse me, what"" over and over at your monitor while trying not to physically hit things, go ahead and get this game.If you are here for the same casual experience you received from SuperGiant's old titles, consider just playing them again instead of this.This is a good game, but definetly not the casual game that I expected it to be.Edit: This review was based on first impressions of the game, which is all I felt I needed to get a feel for it. I understand that someone should probably play a decent amount of a game before writing a full review, which is why I have not written a full review of the game."
76561198062674686,Recommended,462770,33796221,Posted: 25 July,all,Jakers,"You know, after enjoying Transistor and Bastion so thoroughly, for some reason, I didn't think Pyre would really be on the same level as those two games. The gameplay, at first glance, whilst interesting, didn't seem too engaging....But the more and more I play Pyre, the more I think I'm wrong. This game - whilst it has a slow story->gameplay->story pace not all may enjoy - is actually shaping up to be one of my favourite games of all time. Allow me to explain why. (And if you don't like long-winded reviews, you'd better find another one haha).Pyre is an inspiring, lovingly-crafted, and clever game of quality I've only experienced in few games. When it comes to a mixture of creativity, quality, and a genuine love for the product they're producing, Supergiant has proved to me they're one of the best companies out there in that regard. Whilst I'm not one to read every inch of lore, I love being immersed in a certain setting, getting a feel for characters, and really feeling 'part of the game'. Pyre absolutely excels in that regard.The gameplay itself appears simple at first, but there are many layers of complexity to it which I think would make it a really excellent multiplayer game. I won't fully go into details, but it's basically like playing top-down basketball made a lot more exciting with excellent graphics, sound design, and with a selection of many characters spicing up your different 3v3 matches with their own abilities. There are honestly tons of ways you can play, with characters such as the slow and powerful Jodariel offering an aggressive/defensive playstyle, or the super speedy Rukey allowing you to quickly rush down the celestial ball. Matches can get tense: seriously tense, if you find yourself getting thrashed by the AI (thankfully that's only happened to me once).I wouldn't go as far as to say the gameplay is flawless (though it is very very good). Even at max difficulty, whilst I'm sure things are getting harder, I find it rather easy to repeatedly 'rush down' the celestial ball with fast characters. It would be nice to see a level of difficulty above the 'hardest' one that already stands for crowds looking for a true challenge. That said, if you lose a match, as far as I know, you don't just 'restart'. That loss goes down in history forever, so it's pretty intense. You /can/ restart a match if you lose, but... I'd sort of recommend against that, really.Also, I'd love to see online multiplayer in this game, but unfortunately, I don't think it'll be possible to impliment it. It offers local multiplayer, though, and an 'arena mode' if you just want to hunker down into some gameplay and ignore the story.Gameplay aside, another very big strength of this game is its characters. As you meet them (and yes, you meet more than the initial trio as you go along), you slowly begin to learn more and more about them. All of their dialogue is carefully written, and if you like seeing a lot of dialogue from a seemingly huge lineup (a bit like Fire Emblem), then this is a game for you. I also love how there's loads of little 'hidden interactions', and the game sometimes gives you 'multiple-choice options' that I'm sure will accomodateThe best thing about this game overall, though, for me at least, is the creativity of its design. I don't know if I'm the only one, and it's sort of unrelated, but I'll be going into university to do a Game Design & Writing course. I've always thought that, being a writer, I'll always be the 'useless' one of a game creating team when it comes past the design/ideas stage. This game, however, has encouraged & inspired me to think otherwise. The writing in this is truly superb, well-thought out, and it's funny how much a few little words on a screen can make you think and inquire about a character that... well... doesn't actually exist. And there are so, SO many multiple choices and ways you can go about this game, I can't even begin to imagine how many lines of dialogue were actually written for Pyre.Oh, and this game costs not even half of what I'd be willing to pay for it. If you're cautious of your money, whilst I haven't completed a full playthrough yet, I am very, VERY sure this is worth your money.So, waffling aside, what would I rate this game? Personally, it gets a 9.8/10 (which may as well be 10/10) from me, and I'm rare to give games I even consider 'good' anything higher than an 8.I'd only recommend against buying this if you're someone who doesn't like story-driven games, or someone who gets annoyed when they're pulled out of gameplay and just can't bring themselves to care about characters at all. If you're one of those people, whilst I think you're missing out, I'd definietely say your money is better spent elsewhere.Amazing work, Supergiant. This game is - no hypobole at all - a masterpiece."
,Recommended,462770,33821458,Posted: 26 July,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Narratives in video-games have a stigma that their structure is to the detriment of the player’s ability to interact with the world, and if Pyre is to be commended on one thing it has mastered the illusion of structure by taking inspiration from oral storytelling to let the Readers have total influence by how they tell its epic adventure.After playing games like Moon Hunters and Stories: Path of Destiny which failed to make a story from your choices, Pyre has managed to create one by taking into consideration all the player’s failures and successes. However, like these other games, the problems come in the form of a repetition of simplified gameplay, which does manage better than these other games by raising the stakes each time you begin a new cycle.As much as I want to enjoy Pyre as much as I love Transistor, which is still my favorite by Supergiant, the imbalance amounts of gameplay with the narrative as well as the concessions made to accommodate this storyline ultimately weaken the experience, yet the moments that can be borne from the player’s actions can be hauntingly memorable when it hits home.Literal Fantasy Soccer Manager RPGOf all the games that come to mind for a comparison to Pyre in the gameplay inside and outside of combat are the Banner Saga games crossed with an ARPG styled Fantasy Soccer manager.In-between each competition, the Rites, the Reader and his companions travel across story-book popup landscapes with various choose-your-adventure styled vignettes to apply status effects or debuffs as well as allow more character interactions between you and the rest of the characters. These moments also allow you to train characters, buff your team or forage for supplies to upgrade your equipment. When engaged in the Rites, they consist of three-on-three battles where the player can choose up to eight companions to mix-and-match their strengths into different scenarios when pitied against other teams with unique match-ups. Each faction has their own story-arc and relevance to the team you foster, the Nightwings, as you all are competing for the freedom from a land of purgatory consisting of exiles, convicts and unwanted people from the world above.As someone who enjoyed the previous games because of the variety of playstyles for the Kid in Bastion and for Red in Transistor, the focus on a “RPG sports” game based on team-play was something I did not initially enjoy. This is why it’s more appropriate to describe it like soccer with various one-on-one battles of offense and defense rather thinking it’s all about dunking basketballs. You can still play most of the game controlling one or two characters in every round; however, in the later challenges the coordination required to win ever increasing odds will tax players to come up with tactics between two or three characters. Combined with the “visual-novel” style of an RPG and the change in narration behind its story, and it’s easy to understand why this game is so polarizing amongst fans.If, however, you manage to see past its simplistic gameplay elements, which only becomes more difficult the farther you delve into the next tournaments of Rites, then you can begin to appreciate how far Supergiant has come in interweaving the story into a player-driven experience.Whispers of Rites Told Among Charred AshesLike the name suggests, Pyre is involved with the ceremonious structure of honor to burn the remnants of people lost; however, instead of focusing on death it’s about the path of redemption through adversity to burn away one’s crimes and restore the individual’s glory and rights. When the Rites are performed, the narration that follows are like the whispers during a mourn spoken upon the charred ash of the purifying flames.Beyond the poetical implications, this style of narration is used by being a narrative told through the victories and defeats you will create to shape the story not only amongst your companions but with every single NPC you come across that can be given freedom or denied it by you. Even in the case that you suffer defeat, it’s not the end; it’s rather another moment for the game to create new conflicts and aspire for their resolutions. The result of such an experience is that the story will be different with every player depending on the choices you make and the failures/victories you accrue.This is a major shift from Supergiant’s previous games which were entirely linear experiences with some choices made for areas (Bastion) or alternative challenges (Transistor). While choices are available in different manners and there are specialized challenges, they’re in small numbers compared to the journey you undergo. And instead of having one main character that wasn’t the player, Pyre has the player assume the role of a (default: male) Reader that interacts with various major characters. As you might expect from the title, you are going to have to read a lot due to the amount of characters and variables there are to accommodate with only the Voice as the announcer having audio.Beyond its technical limitations, the lack of vocal narration is also used for themes of knowledge and freedom as you play one of the only literate characters. Literacy amongst non-Scribes are against the law; every character grunts, makes noises, and possesses limitations of their abilities and knowledge until you help them become enlightened; characters have reasons behind their narrowed viewpoints that you can attempt to broaden; and the lore constantly questions powers of authority, knowledge and equality and the struggles they create. Even in the Nightwing’s ultimate Plan, the ultimate goal is to help others by using each races’ abilities to foster growth of knowledge and of true freedom to the world beyond their own. While the tone and consistency of this theme is weaker than their other titles, the narration behind its subtler moments truly shine when the player is given free-will to exercise these ideas through their own means.Cats May Have Nine Lives; People Get Bored By OneThis all leads into what is perhaps the greatest issue of Pyre, and that is the story as well as the gameplay becomes repetitive because of how the game is designed. In its structure, you will have to engage in a series of tournaments not once, not thrice, not five times but seven times to complete the game. Each tournament becomes quicker than the last, but the extent of which this game repeats itself can become an issue to some who become tired of the gameplay after the first few runs.While the game becomes more difficult because they add more challenges by having fewer companions to choose from as well as adding new ones, every following tournament becomes a series of battles with a moment before to prepare, and it’s mainly the narrative that will keep you playing. Encounters can sometimes break the rules with an added difficult spike as well as emphasizing the stat-management system behind the core gameplay as well as added penalties that force you to mix up the gameplay over time. Pyre does all it can to sustain itself with added challenges and higher odds to overcome, but it will inevitably feel tiresome to players who enjoyed how focused Supergiant’s previous games are as well as how formulaic the last six runs will feel outside of the variables you can influence. To the game’s credit, the final showdown was perhaps the hardest fight to overcome that the tension of failing could have impacted this fight was perhaps the best moment from the entire experience when I overcame the odds.None of these complaints should mean I don’t like Pyre; however, I realize that out of all their previous games it’s perhaps the most bloated with extra content that impacts the pacing and the consistency of it. Like skinning a cat, no matter how many ways there are to achieve the result it all begins to drag after the fifth life."
76561198040066001,Recommended,462770,34683152,Posted: 2 September,all,JJ,"Pyre is a story surrounding a band of outcasts all fighting for the same thing, yet all willing to sacrifice their own freedom for one another.Like Transistor and Bastion before it, Pyre is treat to the senses from start to finish. Where both Bastion and Transistor centered around a single person Pyre dove into the lives of many different people, each with unique and deep character.Each time the liberation rites came around it brought with them a difficult decision that made you question whether to be selfish or fair...and each time got increasingly difficult. Soon enough you realise that these are more than just people, they are your companions, each of whom deserve their freedom equally.With gameplay that could sometimes be frustrating and walls of text to read through at a time, it never took away from the experience as it didn't feel like a chore but rather enhanced and deepened the experience.Pyre isn't about the gameplay, the story, the art or the music, it's about the experience of all of it brought together.Where Transistor and Bastion said so much with so little, Pyre went the opposite route, and tried something different with a more visual novel approach. It might not be Supergiant's greatest work, but it is an excellent experience none the less."
,Recommended,462770,33818642,Posted: 26 July,all,Excuritas,"[Introduction]Being honest, Pyre scared me off initially, I had no idea what to think of the ball fighting/sports business. I loved Supergiant’s first two games to death, but I couldn’t get my head around the ideas of this one. Just shortly after release I told myself “♥♥♥♥ it” and just bit the bullet as I trust Supergiant in what they do... and the the game just went ahead and won me over pretty much immediately.As with all my reviews, these are my own opinions and experiences: please check out other reviews too![Negatives]Only negative thing I could think of would be that the game is rather text heavy. While previous games combined gameplay and story to perfection, this one separates both and forces you to sit there clicking through countless pages of dialog often with no voiceover at all. The game often feels like a visual novel and that might be a huge turn off for people, but I personally had no problem with it.[Gameplay]It all begins with an interactive story mode, similar to light novels and you will spend most of the time there, worth noting for people who are against reading. Here you can can hover over world specific words and people to get an explanation for better understanding. During these dialogs, you will sometimes be presented with choices that may might impact the story in not always obvious ways.The other portion is the combat/sports game (kinda like dodgeball mixed with handball) called the trial, in which you have to fight adversaries in so called ‘rites’. Each rite offers a different layout and obstacles that can sometimes be moved around or move on their own. Two teams of three participants each fight against each other through scoring the orb (ball) into each others pyre (goal) until one of them reaches zero. While you can toss the orb to other characters, going in solo is also a viable option in rare situations and the option to toss the orb in any direction certainly helps with that. Choose three characters per match, only one of which can move at any given time, so you coordinate their movements as positioning is key. Be aware though that the character who scores a goal won’t be available until another has scored, and if hit by adversaries, they will respawn with a delay. Characters can pass the orb, attack the opposing forces, stand near the ball or goal to defend it, or just rush in to score a quick goal.Each of the various characters walks, jumps, and sprints in a different way, and features their own unique abilities. They all have four stats (Glory, Quickness, Presence and Hope) that are important and change how much damage you do, how big your aura is, or simply how fast your companions move, and these values can be affected by choices outside of rites as well. Characters can also learn up to four of eight different masteries and equip one talisman, which provide passive buffs to specific aspects of the duels.At the start of each match, you can check out your adversary's stats and gear to plan accordingly. One of the best things of this game is that opposing teams aren’t just random thugs, they are teams with different personalities and moralities; they’re just as unique as your own team.Menus are easy to handle and satisfying to use thanks to pleasant sounds and animations. A wagon is used to traverse the vast landscapes but also to change your character’s gear and skills, but also to speak with them in private. Crank up the difficulty with 12 different modifiers that also give bonus experience and provide a risk/reward element to your play.These matches are also playable in more of a standalone format vs AI or other players locally.You form your teams from all the characters featured in the campaign, and can play using the same 12 challenge modifiers as well as an adjustment for the difficulty of the AI opponent. You’re also allowed to pick the map and song of your choice to play on.[Graphics/Art]Exceptionally well done characters and backgrounds are everywhere in this game and you can just feel the experience behind Supergiant and their improvement over the years. Everything looks so polished and pretty, one could say it fits perfect for what the game is aiming for; there is just so much attention to detail that is rarely seen in games these days.[Music]Just like the other two games, the soundtrack is just magnificent and oozes the talent and soul that has been put into it. The songs adapt to the game’s current events and grow both in volume and instrument complexity, or just drop entirely when the action is over. Additionally, each character, landscape, and opponent also has it’s own fitting theme.Checkout the composer’s website for a preview![Story]You are asked to be part of an esoteric sports team of criminals that plans to participate in magical rituals called Trials, in which you participate in Rites to regain their freedom and to be cleansed of their past crimes. To avoid any spoilers, I won’t go into further detail.This takes place in a mysterious world filled with dozens of different creatures and races, each with their own motivations to get out of there. The match narrator (Logan Cunningham from Bastion, but putting on an unusual voice) does a great job, and he intriguingly reacts to decisions made throughout your playthrough.Different from the other supergiant games, you are the still protagonist, but don’t physically control her, just like in Fire Emblem: The Blazing Blade. You are present and control your team during matches and converse with them, but you never see yourself, you don’t even have a real name. Additional dialogues with characters will earn you more knowledge about them and down the line may increase your bond. If you want to satisfy your hunger for knowledge about this fascinating world, the book of rites is just the right place for you since it contains pretty much everything one could possibly want to know.[Conclusion]Compared to previous games, this is a whole new direction and I fear that it might not be as successful as their first two games. The disconnection of gameplay and story is refreshing but will ultimately lead to angry fans because of unmet expectations. Regardless of that, I greatly enjoyed my time with it and am eager to jump right back in, as there are multiple endings to explore. I recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Bastion and Transistor, and those who aren’t afraid of reading since 80% of the game will be spent in visual novel mode because matches are only three to five minutes long.Enjoyed this review? Curious for more recommendations by Excurious Curations?|Check it out overhere!"
,Recommended,462770,34142394,Posted: 10 August,all,0000018,"This game means a lot to me. It has a serious plot without being brutal. (This game won't kill off characters for shock and bloodshed.) It has difficult choices without making you regret them. It gives your adversaries the chance to win without ending the game if they do. (And maybe they deserve to win as much as you do!) You can play the game through without resetting once and you'll be satisfied with your ending that accounts for every choice you made throughout the game, I loved mine. It really made me care about the characters and their endings. I laughed in joy like I teared up for Transistor.Fortunately, if you want to mulligan your way to a flawless victory, Pyre lets you reset anytime if you don't want to lose because it the game doesn't tell you how to play. But I feel resetting would aversely affect your enjoyment of the game because you're repeating content and burning yourself out. And there's enough content here for 2 straight days of playing.The gameplay is fun and smooth too. I played with a xbox one controller for pc. Never touched my keyboard or had to. Only one encounter in the game was so difficult that I felt it was really unfair (Sandra vs Ti'zo optional trial) but I managed to get through that by respeccing Ti'zo. The game still has Bastion and Transistor's optional difficulty for greater experience gain mecahnics, but I mostly ignored them like I did in Bastion and Transistor. If you wanted to, you could make the game unbearably difficult by turning all of them on at once, but I wouldn't recommend it. The game is stimulating enough without the extra challenge."
76561198084108375,Recommended,462770,34941546,Posted: 13 September,all,Atrabell,"""What does freedom mean to you?""I was first drawn to Pyre because I fell in love with Bastion and Transistor. Yet, Pyre has come to mean more to me than both of its predecessors.This game quickly distinguishes itself by drawing you into the story and giving you the perfect role, whilst not demanding you forfeit your own personality or will. Your victories and failures, your mercy or your ruthlessness, all matter here.I never imagined that a game could so perfectly knit you into the story like Pyre does. The immersion is flawless. You're not simply guiding The Kid or Red this time. You're you, ""The Reader,"" and you will live in this story.This unique experience is no doubt a credit to the incredible writers. The dialogue, vocabularly, relationships, character development, and especially the humor, are absolutely phenomenal. I can't count how often I laughed with tears in my eyes, paused to take a breath, then resumed only to be surprised by more hilarity and laughter.Of course, the art is completely irresistible. The ingenuity of Jen Zee's character design is so outstanding that you will be delighted and surprised by every new character you meet. Love or hate (most likely love), each one is visually ornate with personalities to match.The vivid, colorful world with its abundant detail will keep your eyes lusting for more. However, many times, I wanted world exploration to creep by slower so that my eyes could feast a little longer on the landscape and catch every intricacy.As for the soundtrack; it should be no surprise that it's incredible. I paused playing, just to listen, many times. Not a single track failed to bring a smile, or more, to my lips.Many people seem to have conflicting feelings regarding the sport-like gameplay of ""The Rites."" It feels foreign to anything I've ever played before, so I fumbled here and there. However, that only made it more entertaining and rewarding. The game eases you into the oddity and, in time, presents some serious challenges. And, there is some room for strategy via customization of your team, their personal traits, and the items they wear.In conclusion, I highly recommend Pyre. It has become one of my all-time favorite games. Greater even than its brilliant story, characters, soundtrack, and art, is how this game can make you feel. It invokes profound emotion without crushing and wringing the tears out of you with tragedy and loss. Instead, it's uplifting, even when the path you must choose is difficult. It gives you courage and inspires hope.It sets you free."
,Recommended,462770,33850285,Posted: 28 July,all,Irratik,"Definitely a different take from Supergiant. It's basically a VN. If you're looking for a gameplay-oriented experience, this really isn't it. The things they usually do right (soundtrack, beautiful visuals) are all here, but it's very story-driven. Would not reccomend to people expecting stellar gameplay, but if you're into writing and world-building this is a great experience."
,Not Recommended,462770,33794900,Posted: 25 July,all,Eudae,"First off, I love supergiant games and their work - however, I'm not a fan of their latest game.Their previous two games wonderfully wove story and gameplay together, which I think is absolutely the best (and only) good way to tell a story in a video game. Pyre, on the other hand, is constantly taking you from game to story and back again. The story is interesting so far but I'm personally not interested in clicking through pages of one liner dialogue. It's just a really inefficient storytelling technique as a book is tenfold faster while a movie is more engaging.I guess it's best described as a ""digital picture book"" where you can't skip pages and each page takes a minimum of 1s to render. Imagine taking your favorite short story, splitting each sentence into difference pages, adding a few rarely changing portraits to each page, and then forcing yourself to read each page slowly, one by one.The actual gameplay itself is quite fun, although somewhat shallow. If you removed the story/dialogue, there would be very little to do here.Not recommended unless you are a fan of this type of game. Personally, I am just not the target audience I suppose.******EDIT:So, in response to some of these comments: no, I have never played a visual novel before. I actively avoid that type of game because I know I do not enjoy them.I bought this game based on three things:1) The developers previous 2 games (this is my fault)2) The steam page description and genre (this is the developer's fault, IMO)There is nothing on the description that explicitly states ""Visual Novel"". In fact, they call it a ""party-based RPG"" with an ""Action-Packed Three-on-Three Battle System"". While both of those statements are technically true, it is definitely not an action packed game nor is it the type of game I think of when I see the label ""party-based RPG"".3) The trailer. This is what the first trailer shows:~10% dialogue~60% battle~5% skill tree~25% visual aestheticsThe game is more like 80% dialogue, 2% skill tree, 8% battle, and 10% traveling.In a direct comparison, Bastion/Transistor were 100% story, 80% game, 20% traveling.Disclaimer: Somewhat obviously, these percentages are based on my perception. I did not calculate these numbers."
,Recommended,462770,33798538,Posted: 25 July,all,SHINIGAMI EYES,"Your dog can do slam dunksEdit: there's been a lot of discussion about heavies vs dogs so I feel like I must take that into consideration while reviewing the game:You know how in the NFL they had to tell players not to do post-touchdown celebrations? In Pyre, you can actually gain extra points by having your big heavy character celebrate before doing a slam dunk."
,Recommended,462770,35137393,Posted: 22 September,all,Helevorn,"Definitely different from Bastion and Transistor..Not only 'cos you have a party of three characters and not only one for the entire game, like the other Supergiant titles.. but even 'cos your path is quite straight (even if you can and have to make many decisions on which road to take!), and all the battles take place into an arena with rules similar as.. basketball.. or some soccer game.. it's really strange!!But awesome, as always.Great graphics, great storytelling, great music..It's just really another experience in the RPG genre, and has many elements of a visual novel. I think I never played a similar game before, and this could be the first reason to pick it up.You can of course customize your party, your characters.. buy accessories, and so on.Still, Transistor to me was somehow, perfection. This game is very very different from that one, and I'm sure it's not for everyone because of its uniqueness. For what concerns dialogues, story, music and graphics oh, this is perfect for everyone.I'd really recommend to anyone to at least try the game, its first two hours at least, and see if it can fit them. It's worth the while, for sure."
,Recommended,462770,33893507,Posted: 29 July,all,uncle pascal,"Really unexpected gameplay and a touching story with character interaction that makes you long for NG+.Soccer matches for combat are definitely not for everyone. However for those just in it for the story, they pose little challenge. In fact, losing a match doesn’t result in a game over, but is actually valid path to continue the story on from. For those determined to win without a restart, the more high stakes matches can feel intense, and scoring a goal with only your slow moving, bulky tank character left on the field is always exciting. I would recommend switching up your team regularly, especially with later game characters as their move sets are more unique than your beginning party.Pyre is very dialogue heavy, which is definitely not for everyone. Fortunately, the biggest lore dumps are all contained within an ingame book that can be read at your leisure if that’s what you’re into. Interacting with your party in completely optional conversations can provide buffs or debuffs during the next combat section, depending on how well the conversation goes. As “hope” is an important character stat, the affect your conversations will have on it is clear. As all of your party are criminals, trying to coax them into revealing their past crime gives you something to look forward to.There was clearly a lot of care put into the world. Hovering over the items in your wagon to get unique flavor text on your party members’ current locations was always endearing. Logan Cunningham (who recognized him?! Yo, that range!) as the narrator has voice lines for the two dozen possible names you can give a specific character, which definitely surprised me. If you tell your lovely moustached dog that his moustache is lame, he’llSHAVE IT OFF BECAUSE YOU MADE HIM SELF CONSCIOUS, YOU MONSTER.Because of little details like those, the story heavy sections never felt like a chore to play.I highly recommend this one, especially for those who enjoyed Supergiant’s first two releases. Pyre has a lot of heart and a lot of possibilities that you can’t discover all of in a single playthrough. (I’m really adamant about this needing NG+ though. Please.) I know it’s easy to wish it was more like *previous game of your preference* but if you keep at it, you’ll definitely find yourself engaged in the lovingly crafted world they created."
,Recommended,462770,33932768,Posted: 31 July,all,☸ Shōgun ☸,"It's over.I finally finished the game.It was a great journey. Every single one of the characters met was beautifully crafted. I truly felt for the characters more than any game I've played recently. This game is truly a marvel of what CAN be done with video games. It gives me hope that one day, not all games will be rushed, cliché piles of rubbish. This game is proof that originality hasn't waned within the games industry. There are still those studios that can produce great and powerful games.This is one of them. The lore, characters, music; everything was near perfect.The only thing that upsets me is the fact that I will never get to play this wonderful game for the first time ever again.I wished for it to never end yet at the same time I wanted it to end. To reach the final goal.I knew I couldnt' save everybody and it's a shame, but this is one of the things that makes this game so greatThis game will be the best £15 you may spend on Steam for quite some time."
,Recommended,462770,33911433,Posted: 30 July,all,Genoard,"Pyre is a slow game.During the first days after release, having only played it for several hours, my opinion about it, as well as everyone's i know, who also played it at the time, was certainly negative. There was multiple reasons for that, such as slow pacing of narration, lack of challenge in gameplay and repetitive game structure in form of a Rite cycles. Nonetheless, i decided to take this journey to the very end and see if Pyre would indeed be first Supergiant Games title that i would honestly dislike.The first thing that i had to get used to is that, for the most part, the game resembles a visual novel more than anything. Though it is much more interactive than visual novels in a traditional sense, it still was more reading than i expected to do, which made the game have rather slow pace. Fortunately, that was exactly what helped to set the right mood. Just like having to wander around aimlessly for many days in a row in Night in the Woods brings upon a certain feel of melancholy, the whole Rite cycle routine builds an immersion of being stuck in Downside along with bunch of exiles- both allies and rivals, with whom you have no choice but to participate in rites to escape the place. That immersion is what helped me to appreciate certain characters, whom i, at first, didn't like or wasn't interested in at all. The game is kind of cruel about keeping the ones you like around: If you like the character, you wish best for them, and if you wish best for them- you liberate them. After that, they regain their freedom and leave, while you stay in exile, which means you don't get to interact with them anymore. I could try keeping them around for longer, but the game is quite vague about the number of exiles you could potentially liberate, so i didn't want to take any chances. And so, during the latter half of the game, i had only such characters left to conduct Rites with, and, eventually, grown attached to them as well.Around that time i noticed what i think is the greatest accomplishment Supergiants made with this game- how it reflects the choices player makes. When an exile is liberated, both allies and rivals take notice and remember it for the rest of the game; when you go with a team including a character against someone they know they interact both before and during a rite, same goes for when you team up certain characters; going to the same location with the same character over and over again always results in a new line of dialogue etc. Even losing in a rite showdown, willingly or not, doesn't result in traditional ""game over"" scenario but becomes another step in the journey. They really succeeded in making it YOUR story, especially with the ending, which, while limiting the influence you make on the global outcome of events, illustrates in detail your impact on the fates of everyone you met along the way.As for the gameplay, though easy and bland at first, the appearance of Titan Stars and necessity to change your team composition as you liberate more exiles eventually led to new gameplay experience, like discovering which talismans and masteries work best and how they alter the flow of the game, which, for me, was quite interesting and, in certain cases, challenging.All in all, Pyre proved to be yet another Supergiants' great story-oriented game, as usual packed with beautiful visuals and breathtaking soundtrack.Sandra best girl"
,Recommended,462770,33794737,Posted: 25 July,all,Nävis,"Thanks to your elementary-school reading capabilities, you help a bunch of hoboes win a NBA tournament against other hoboes.And don't mind the talking dogs, it's probably just the cheap booze..."
,Not Recommended,462770,33803154,Posted: 26 July,all,Meat,"For the first time, Supergiant Games has compromised gameplay for aesthetics. Pyre plays like a story-driven visual novel, similar to To The Moon. If you are looking for otherworldly, dystopian world building, soundtrack, and characterization as expected from an SGG game, you'll probably satisfy that need here. If you are looking for deep gameplay and innovative RPG mechanics, look elsewhere.Pros- Rich post-apocalyptic world similar to Bastion and Transistor- Great soundtrack- Characters are not black / white, but grey and complex with robust backstories- Modular ""home base"" similar to Bastion's town and Transistor's Break Room where you slowly unlock things as you meet new comrades on your adventure- Deep, optional lore filled with legend, infamy, ethereal creatures, heroes, and betrayalCons- RPG elements and skill tree feel like they have little to no impact. Compare ""Move +1 quicker"" or ""Respawn .05 seconds faster"" to augmenting an entire weapon or changing the entire foundation of one of Red's skills- Actual ""combat"" lasts 2-3 minutes. Before, your home base was a short respite before jumping back into the action. You would review your spoils, allocate skill points, make tough strategic decisions. In Pyre, it's the opposite where the rites are short breaks from the narrative that do not feel impactful.- The ""star"" system feels like a very forced narrative that is hard to connect to.It may sound that I'm comparing Pyre too much to SGG's other titles and not reviewing it as a standalone game. My references to Transistor and Bastion are intended to communicate how disappointing the gameplay is. There is a pungent imbalance in Pyre as you play the game.I'm going to see the game through, because I'm already hooked on the story. However, I feel especially bad, because I think SGG has a ton of potential as game designers and this game may not succeed. I know they are a smaller, grass roots company that puts most of its profits into the development of future titles. I imagine they wanted to branch out from their standard formula of a top-down RPG, but that is not what Pyre is lacking. It's missing the SGG gameplay magic of when Kid enters his first Challenge or when you get to test out Red's new ()skill augmentations. You're left with a hollow game featuring a great story and a constant tinge of disappointment as you mash your way through the narrative.I rate it a 6.5/10, but steam only gives you a yes/no recommendation. Do I recommend this game? No, the game feels imbalanced despite having some great qualities."
,Recommended,462770,33850002,Posted: 28 July,all,Temko,"Pyre is ... amazing. Its not a perfect game, but the parts where it flags can easily be forgiven for all the areas it shines as a bastion of great game design.Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtQp8gHMi4wText:Listen, I can sprout on for literal hours on why I love this games visuals style, why I adore the audio design like I've done for all the previous Supergiant titles and why I think this game is an amazing mix of Tactical gameplay and relaxing storytelling.But that very mix causes some disconnect - Flipping between relaxed dialogue with pretty 2d graphics and fast paced tactically deep combat is very jarring and might cause annoyances if you don't take the game as a whole package, but instead look at it form either angle. Both parts are strong, but the bridge between them is a bit of a wobble.Visuals aside (that are stunning) and audio in the background (where its ""amazeballs"") the two core parts are a choose your own adventure style visual novel, where dialogue choices between characters, choices you make in terms of story progression and even mini-games where win or lose - there are effects that will be noticed later in the title.While many choices are minor, some are not - and this does give the game an imminent level of replay value, even in the single player campaign. Most of the direct effects are either buffs or debuffs for the next Rite (combat) , but story effects can take several hours of gameplay to be felt down the line, or even a second playthrough to notice. Truly enjoyable and good stuff.Going into combat, the game takes what by all rights is a gimmick of a ""score a goal"" mechanic, and creates a very vibrant and diverse tactically rich mode. With various mechanics and unique character abilities that interact and allow you to mix pre-planning in terms of trinkets and characters, and quick thinking while trying to make sure your guys are scoring, their dudes are dying, and you're not leaving yourself exposed. The various mechanics are fairly simple to understand, but the tactical depth is pretty big allowing for big range of skill before players reach that skill ceiling.Sadly, the lack of online multiplayer does hamper this mode ""stand alone"" capabilities, and no matter how much I love it - without proper online multiplayer, this is a single player affair. While it stands high and mighty in that regard for certain,  it also doesn't have the ability to capitalize on that tactical multiplayer aspect for competitive multiplayer.still... if you're still reading, go buy pyre. Its fantastic.If you enjoy the review -do follow my curator feed!. Or check out the various other reviews onYouTube."
,Recommended,462770,33984451,Posted: 2 August,all,AncientPancakes,"SuperGiant's latest game, Pyre, is here and you can trust me when I tell you that it's a master-class, bunker-buster, dynamo-dunk of a title.I prefer to think of Pyre's Gameplay Meaty-ness as two seperate sections. You have the ""Rites"", which is basically a 3-on-3, fantasy-style NBA Jam, complete with sorcery, banishment, and half-court chaos dunks. You have a group of different exiles to choose from with different strengths, weaknesses, and abilities. The Rites are satisfying to play, they offer lots of depth, and, through the story's rivalries and main objective, they manage to add a lot of thrill to these encounters and it feels like there is always something on the line should you be defeated.The other large part of Pyre takes place inbetween these challenges where you are forced to make choices on how to proceed to the next rite, and learning more about your partners and the lore of the world through dialogue and text. I'll be honest, it can be a hefty amount of reading for some people. Supergiant's last two games integrated the story into the core gameplay more seamlessly through Bastion's Narrator, and Transistor's talking sword companion. Pyre takes a different approach, which I find to be refreshing like an ice-cold can of sugary, orange soda drink on a melting summer day.SuperGiant's last two titles featured smaller rosters of characters, but in Pyre the number has been expanded quite a bit. I've found all of these characters to very likable in their own way and you tend to become invested in their stories, how they became exiled, and if they will get their freedom back. The main goal of your group is to complete ""Rites"" and send one of your members back home and out of exile. This blends strategy and story together in a clever way and forces the player to choose if they want to send a character back home because they deserve freedom, or to keep them around because they are useful to win more battles.The most common complaint of Pyre that I have seen is that these two styles, the sports-like ""Rites"" and the text-heavy story, do not work together. Many people prefer the gameplay of the Rites but not the long sections of character dialogue, and some people feel the opposite. I, myself, disagree. I find both to be so excellently crafted that I liken it to a world-renowned chef who has combined the rich taste of a macaroni salad with the intense flavor of a well-marinated steak into one food specimen.Darren Korb, once again, supplies the music and, unsurprisingly, it is a soundtrack of the legends. Lots of juicy tracks in this one, including a few great vocal-tracks, and I especially enjoy the themes given to each of the rival teams that you face off against. Logan Cunningham plays the voice of the announcer who presides over the Rites and he, yet again, gives Pyre a great deal of quality, personality, and sauce.The art in Pyre is very storybook-like and I cannot imagine anyone would fail to appreciate the vast greatness that it contains. Take a few looks at the game in motion or some screenshots and you may just explode out of sheer awe at what you see. The soundwork and art style of Pyre is surely of the highest quality and I would be surprised to find someone who disagrees, even if the rest of the game is not to their liking.I expected Pyre to be a great purchase simply based on SuperGiant's previous works and I was more than impressed at what they have made this time. Music, graphics, gameplay, story, it's all major-league sauce legends here my friends and I mean that. I would recommend Pyre to anyone looking for a game that is unique and provides the senses with a dazzling display of high-quality craftsmenship.To put things simply, if ""Pyre"" was a member of a Baboon tribe, it would the chunkiest leader baboon that farts wherever it wishes and is revered by all the smaller baboon runts. Thanks for reading this review, and have a good evening."
,Recommended,462770,34313177,Posted: 17 August,all,JaxMith,"I've been following Supergiant Games since they released the amazing ""Bastion"" all those years ago and they still have managed to impress me with both ""Transistor"" and now ""Pyre"", even though their recent game focuses heavily more on narrative than gameplay with a more ""choose-your-own-adventure""-style kind of game, but everything still checks out: the graphics and presentation is superb, dialogues were believable, characters likable and Dear Lord the music once again was nailed, mad props to composer Darren Korb.Please, Supergiant Games, keep it up. I never want to be disappointed by your games, ever."
76561198052694676,Recommended,462770,34202848,Posted: 12 August,all,Bladius,"Well crafted world that I was sorry to leave. Supergiant Games live up to their reputation, or, even building it further."
,Recommended,462770,33839596,Posted: 27 July,all,Sausagetalk,"Augh, I'm so torn on whether to recommend this game or not. I'll leave it as a thumbs up for now, but be aware this is a very tentative thumbs up. Think of it as more as sideways.The writing: Superb. I loved the story and the way it was crafted. Just like any SG game. It is mostly told through reading, though. So be ready for alotof that.The gameplay: Very weak, imo. I really didn't like it, and the game felt padded with some of the moments that resulted in just doing repeated tasks. The gameplay itself wasn't very enjoyable for me. It just felt like padding between the story bits. I also didn't like the fact that the game MAJOR MAJOR MAJOR SPOILER HERE:lies that there's an infinite amount of time to finish the game, but then does a 180 and says ""Nah, just kidding. You're on a clock.""Would I recommend this? It depends. If you're a sucker for good writing, absolutely pick it up. If you need really strong gameplay to keep you interested, pass."
76561198187315102,Recommended,462770,33869058,Posted: 28 July,all,Xardis,"I dont like Sport games at all. Yet this game managed to peek my intrest. I preordered it, the thing that I can only bring myself to do for this studio only. Game has a great story, solid gameplay and above all else, the soundtrack. For a while I feared that it would be too short but its not. It is repetitive after some point but if you enjoy gameplay it wont be a problem. Be prepared to read a lot.This game is not for everyone. If one aspect of the game is not to your taste, I could imagine it would be harder to enjoy it but it still would be possible.One aspect I dont like is less narration. I hope that next will have more."
,Recommended,462770,34119940,Posted: 9 August,all,Solvaij,"9/1012 hoursDamn... How could Supergiant possibly top its last two games? With a purgatorial sports game, as it turns out!Admittedly, it can be a bit hard to get into. For the first hour or so, the game struggles with pacing as it tries to balance visual novel elements with segments of combat. However, it is well worth tolerating all the exposition as you get to know and grow to love the characters and world. The Rites (battles) are fun, if a little easy at first, and provide an interesting challenge for those like myself who are unfamiliar with sports games. It also integrates Supergiant's previous RPG mechanics and gives them a clearer role in the story.Pyre is a fantastic journey featuring fun and interesting characters, an engaging setting, and rich, choice-based, story-telling. Coupled with Supergiant's characteristically stunning art and music plus a gameplay mechanism unique from their previous games, it is simply awesome and well-worth your time."
,Recommended,462770,35285925,Posted: 29 September,all,MRPP,"First impression (2.5h)I hate sports games. Fifa sucks. NBA is horrible. NHL is abysmal.Pyre is fun.See, Pyre is a combination of a text-based adventure/rpg with a battle mechanic that reminds me of basketball. A team of 3 faces against a similar team, trying to dunk a ball into the opposing goal. It's basically fantasy basketball with wacky characters that are funny, interesting and charming.The character interactions are basically dialogue options that pop up every now and then and affect the characters stats temporarily. The dialogue is well written enough to entice reading. The music is top-notch and the story progresses fast enough to keep my interest. It's good stuff.I never expected to be so enthralled with the game. And it even has a versus mode! Haven't tried it yet, but I expect it to be a blast to play."
76561198049503402,Recommended,462770,33823939,Posted: 26 July,all,JohnnyRadman,"Just beat it.Like all Supergiant games, it's Supergiant quality. That means a few things.Amazing art.Superb storytelling.A rich setting that simply oozes character.♥♥♥♥ing fantastic music.Unique gameplay.I felt like the controls were a bit unintuitive at first, but changing them was no trouble at all. It's my sole complaint with the quality of the game.The gameplay isn't for everybody. But for me, the whole game gets a 10/10.Treat yourself to this."
,Recommended,462770,34694450,Posted: 2 September,all,ransom,"I never write reviews. I feel that that is important to note, as I feel so strongly about this game that I felt compelled to review it.Pyre is stunning -- it is visually stunning, musically stunning, and emotionally stunning. Supergiant has always created beautiful games, but this is the first of their beautiful games that has grabbed me so thoroughly and intensely and demanded that I finish it.The story of Pyre is genuine and creative, and drew me in from the start. The delivery of the story comes in bits and pieces throughout the game, through dialog with your party and through reading The Book, which is your main job as the party's Reader. The pace of delivery of the story throughout the game is wonderful, and I found myself surprised many times. There were times, too, when I found myself choked up because I had become attached to a character and they were gaining their freedom, a bittersweet prospect.Pyre makes you make choices, both tactically and emotionally, and I found that the choices you are forced to make are deeply engaging and heartfelt, and lingered with me afterward. I found myself wondering if I was making the right choice, if I wouldn't regret it, and knowing that I would miss each companion in my party for different reasons.The actual gameplay of Pyre occurs during participation in the Rites, a sort of sport that Supergiant has created. Despite not being a fan of sports games, this sport is actually fun. Each individual character in your party has their own unique abilities and gameplay style, and the campaign forces you to play all of them, which keeps things fresh. It's also nice that the game forces you to play them all, although I resisted it at first. There were a few characters whose movesets did not even interest me, because I had grown used to others and preferred using the ones I knew in my triumvirate. However, after being forced to play some of the characters I wasn't interested in, I found that I did enjoy their unique movesets and playstyles and was thankful at having been given no choice but to try them out. The Rites are not super difficult at their base level, but the base level of difficulty of the game can be turned up or down, as well as the increased difficulty that can be added later with Titan Stars.I was able to finish the campaign (including all Scribes' Trials) in 26 hours, which would feel short if this game were releasing as a AAA title, but it's not. It's an incredible indie game, and 26 hours feels appropriate for the campaign. Beyond that, I anticipate replaying the campaign more than once, and I haven't even touched the Versus mode yet, which allows AI and PvP battles.I think that over all, Supergiant did a great job of balancing options for increasing difficulty, and did a great job of weaving all of the disparate elements of this game into a unified whole. The individual elements of the game are all really well done, and I really can't recommend this game highly enough. I'm sure that not everyone would necessarily love it as much as I did, but I think that everyone could get something out of it."
,Recommended,462770,33884702,Posted: 29 July,all,Hunter,"In this game player is a reader for a team known as Nightwings which is one of the 9 teams competing in the purgatory known as Downside where criminals of a nation called Commonwealth are cast down as punishment. The other 8 teams compete among each other as well as the Nightwings. The top team among those 8 gets to fight Nightwings in liberation rites (happens after a few normal ones) where the nominated player of winning team goes back to home and all their crimes pardoned. So once the real game kicks off you should be able to see the league style leaderboard so you know which one could wind up being your next opponent at liberation rites. The exiles also have their own motives and hence there's different endings possible based on whether they go back to Commonwealth or not.It is a good game but probably the weaker one among Supergiant's titles. Few of my gripes stem from the fact that this game has scope for replayability but offers no convinience to those who wish to do so (would've been nice to be able to autoskip seen conversations, scenes, etc.), how the league system never really developed the way you'd expect it to and finally how it never gives the narrator as much scope to work as in Transistor or Bastion. That being said it does have more than few strengths which make it worth playing onceFresh gameplayCharacters have nice variations in skils and playstylesGreat soundtrack and artwork as expected from SupergiantGreat lore, character backstories and world building, yet like most players I feel that separating this and gameplay was not a good idea (Bastion & Transistor merged those two quite nicely IMO)There's a versus mode which I haven't tried, online play would have been nice though. Overall I'd say it is definitely worth getting if you don't mind playing a VN type of game."
,Not Recommended,462770,33799940,Posted: 25 July,all,HappyIguana,"This game's artstyle is gorgeous, the music is amazing and the worldbuilding is superb. It is truly a work of art and every screen is a sight to behold.So why do I not recommend it? Well, Pyre suffers from one fatal flaw that kills it: The core gameplay loop just isn't fun.The core gameplay of this game is as follows: You read through a long (albeit enjoyable) story sequence where the characters play off each other and interact, taking few if any decisions. Then, you look to the sky is what looks like it should be a minigame but is actually a linear world map without mapping out the world. You arrive at the new area and take a mechanical choice between one of a few minor rewards, then you interact with your party some more and finally get to actually play what is essentially a very pretty game of soccer. The game markets itself as a party-based RPG, but in actuality it's a sports game. You must take a ball with one of your 3 characters and get it to the opponent's Pyre. The person holding the bal is defenceless. Every character that doens't hold the ball has an instakill radius around them, a ranged attack, a leap and a sprint. The matches themselves are quite easy and odn't have a lot of complexity to them. If the opponent has the ball, try to banish them, if you have the ball avoid opponents and get it to their Pyre. The customization options for the characters are quite limited and frankly unsatisfying to unlock. Furthermore, the matches are very short.In short, this game's core loop is 15 minutes of mostly linear story followed by 5 minutes of not-great gameplay. Comparisons to Bastion and Transistor are inevitable. This game is clearly the inferior of the 3. That said, it is gorgeous."
,Recommended,462770,33848738,Posted: 27 July,all,Roybutt,"Let me say first and foremost before going into Pyre that if you're going into this game thinking it will be exactly like Bastion or Transistor, throw that thought out the window. If you're going to get this game, go into it with an open mind and treat it as something different than those 2 games, because it's rather different than both of them.That being said, I felt like I got so much more from this game than I thought I initially would. SGG once again has brought back their amazing storytelling, beautiful artwork and memorable soundtrack for this game. Where I think this game contrasts most to SGG's previous games are the choices. There are a lot of moments where you can tailor the story to your liking, whether they be significant choices or small choices such as the background of your character. Not only are some of these choices done through text-based dialogue, but some choices can be made through the gameplay itself during the Rites. Your choices will affect the people and world in this game, making the more minor characters feel like they have a bigger a role. This makes every character more memorable, but I'd wish there were more interactions with people like your party members. While I see this as a con, I can also see this as a pro, as this reinforces the replay value since your choices will affect the dialogue and outcomes for each playthrough.The gameplay consists of 3v3 matches called ""Rites"" where the goal is to get a celestial orb into the opposing team's pyre until you or your opponent's pyre is extinguished. To me, the gameplay is interesting and engaging, even though at times I felt like switching between characters was not as seemless as I would've wanted it to be. I understand why this would probably be the weakest point of the game for someone, but playing the game on a higher difficulty with smarter AI adds on to the game's strategic value and makes those moments of victory very satisfying. SGG also did well at making each party member have their own pros and cons, which allows you to go over multiple strategies when examining your opposing team before starting a Rite. Additionally, your party members can level up and gain masteries that will benefit you in Rites.This wouldn't be a Supergiant game if the soundtrack wasn't slick as hell. Every song will always compliment a character and/or setting. Some songs even change depending on who you face in Rites, adding a little spice to the song everytime, rather than listening to the same song over and over. The soundtrack is definitely one of the game's strongest points.Overall, if you're into a story-rich, real-time strategy/action game with decision making aspects, this game should be right up your alley. It's truly a great experience and a beautiful game to add to your Steam library."
,Recommended,462770,33936551,Posted: 31 July,all,Firozaki,"Where Bastion was about choices and Transistor was about strength in the face of adversity, Pyre is about relationships and life, about the places that it takes you, and doing whats right. And here you will truly feel the camaraderie among this ragtag band of exiles, all with their own vastly unique personalities, histories, and agendas, but all ultimately in pursuit of the same singular goal.STORYRead every bit of dialogue. Really. It would practically be a sin to not do so, to miss any part of it. Because it is within the words where you will find all of the heart and soul of this game. In essence, the overarching plot is simple. You got kicked into purgatory. You want out, and so does a bunch of others. But everything that happens in between will be where this game truly shines. You will quickly come to know about the band and even your adversaries. And ultimately, you will come to form ties with all of them, especially for those who stay with you longer. So when it comes time to choose who stays in your company and who regains their freedom, you will find it harder and harder to decide.GAMEPLAYMagic Basketball was not what I expected to enjoy, but this was so much of a twist on the ball game that I absolutely loved it. There is so much potential here even as a PvP game mode: The team building, the various skills and perks, then resource management, all contribute to some amazing matches where you are sitting on the edge of your seat trying to outmanuever your foes. Sure, some of the AI could use work. And the balance is generally a little off too (seriously, how do you even catch a ranked up Fae or Ti'zo?), but they definitely didn't detract from me thoroughly enjoying the 'rites'. That said, as some detractors noted the gameplay does feel a little disconnected from the rest of the game's style, but I don't think its a big enough point to be a dealbreaker.MUSICI mean, its Supergiant. If you haven't heard any of the music from them, do yourself a favor and go check out any of the soundtrack for their 3 games (they uploaded everything on thir Youtube channel). You're welcome.BUGS & ISSUES?Had the game tell me a few times now and then that it couldn't save the game, and it did also crash on me when i tried to load the very last checkpoint (to try and send a different person back at the end), but otherwise it's smooth like butter to me.CONCLUSION100% you should play it. Unless you hate reading. Or absolutely abhor ball games. Or you can't handle your heart constantly giving you the feels."
,Not Recommended,462770,33800745,Posted: 25 July,all,CliftonB,"I really, really wanted to like this game. Bastion is basically my favorite game ever, next to Myst, and Transistor was just as amazing in many ways. But I've spent all day with this one, and it hasn't done a thing for me, except put me on edge.The game's so full of lore, dialogue, and backstories of characters I just can't bring myself to care about. I'm thankful they've put a button into the game that lets you skip all the dialogue by holding it down. I found myself skipping entire parts of the story soon into the game, and before I quit for the day, I was skipping everything it threw at me.On paper, the idea of a game where every outcome counts toward the game's final story sounds great. But knowing that there's no way to replay a match means that you care so much about the outcome of each one, especially the ones important to the core characters' stories, that when you start to fail those matches, it's an incredibly unpleasant feeling. I've never rage quit a game in my life, until today, because I didn't want to end up with a bad ending for the couple characters I actually care about. It's even worse when the enemies decide to start cheating, claiming it's time to throw out the rules and give themselves unfair advantages, during these high-consequence battles. It's infuriating to no end.And the music—I just stopped playing not one hour ago, and I can't recall a single melody in that game. I'm sure the music's great, as the first two games have some of the greatest soundtracks in the world, but I was so overwhelmed with everything on the screen that I didn't even notice it. It's not necessarily the music's job to stand out, but in this case, it was just drowning in frustration.It's great that this game's making a lot of people happy. It's just not something I can recommend. Personally, I hope that Supergiant's next title returns to giving us a small cast of interesting characters whose entire histories are left to speculation, with music that's allowed to take a bit more of a front seat. And if not, we'll still always have Bastion and Transistor."
,Not Recommended,462770,35030895,Posted: 17 September,all,Maverick,"I want to love this game more than I do.This game is 75% reading and 25% actualy gameplay. Which started off fine because the world is colorful and interesting. The characters are very well done and their personalities are varied and engaging. But after a while, the game gets to a point where it's just too much. Nearly all the information and dialog is more or less inconsequential. And you sometimes get bonuses for slogging through optional dialog so it's detrimental (albeit, only slightly) not to engage in it. I just want to play the game, darnit. All the significant plot details are buried in an endless sea of pointless information.The actual gameplay is really pretty fun though. It's similar to Transistor and Bastion where you are encouraged to adapt and pursue different strategies with different characters, and it's done incredibly well. The short games you play would be perfect for a quick game session - just hop on, play a game, hop off - except that that's impossible because there's so much dialog and time spent both before AND after each game. It's frustrating after a while. I respect Supergiant's efforts to create something like Pyre and I think if you're interested in investing in a visual novel, then I highly recommend this. They've done an incredible job at creating an amazing world. I just would like to play the game more."
,Recommended,462770,33843826,Posted: 27 July,all,[MoS] Naelok,"In the distant future, hardened criminals can be pardoned for all crimes if they prevail in a 3v3 Space Basketball tournament in the name of the Emperor.This is a great game, just like all Supergiant games. The writing is really strong and confident, while the art is absolutely gorgeous. The fantasy sport thing they're doing here is incredibly original and pretty damn intense later on. Every party member has unique abilities and the game/story is designed in such a way to push you out of your comfort zones and not just settle into a routine as you push through it all.Tizo is imbalanced with his Beyonder Crystal item though.Three more comments on Pyre:1) Logan Cunningham has some serious range as an actor.I assumed they'd hired someone else when I heard the narrator guy from this one, but it's still him. I didn't hear even a trace of Rucks or the Transistor in the guy's voice. Sheesh, that guy needs to be hired to do more stuff.2) A Supergiant game has more creativity in it than about ten other mainstream games put together.It's a bit of a shame that their habit seems to put together a magnificent and well-realized world and then just forget about it after one game, but considering that they are three for three in creating magnificent new worlds I guess we can give them a pass on that. Still, I wouldn't mind seeing them building up on the ideas they started in Bastion, Transistor or this.3) It is a crime that this does not have online multiplayer.Everyone at Supergiant should be arrested and sent to jail."
,Not Recommended,462770,34474480,Posted: 24 August,all,MagicMD,"I pre-ordered because of how much I like Transistor and Bastion. I figured even if this turns out bad that Supergiant is a good enough company to rebound. I saw trailers and became worried that it seemed very visual novel - a direct opposite in storytelling compared to their first two games. The reason I enjoyed Transistor and Bastion so much is that they rarely took you out of the gameplay to tell their story or build their world.Sadly, Pyre is the exact opposite. It's a very text-heavy visual novel - a game whose primary gameplay is reading the text and it's a genre I rarely enjoy. The sports game to break up the text monotony is a nice change of pace and it's certainly unique, but it isn't enough as the game continues to throw line after line after line of text at you.If you're a fan of visual novels of pretty much any kind, Pyre is worth a buy. It's a great visual novel by almost any standard.If you're a fan of Bastion/Transistor and have not played or do not like visual novels, do not buy this game."
76561198166620870,Recommended,462770,33792440,Posted: 25 July,all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"Well folks, they've done it again!Pyre is a game that plays a bit like an interactive visual novel with some choice-and-consequences, sprinkled with a sports type mini-game mechanic to push the story. If you're wondering what the vibe here is, I'll just say that it feels closer like Bastion than Transistor.The way of traversing is through a Jrpg-like map in which you utilize a wagon (essentially a mobile base/stronghold). You can make upgrades or other things to along your jouney. There are some events that take place to challenge players as well and keep things fresh and interestimg.The rpg element applies to your ""team"" whom you are able to level up for combat or outside of combat. Characters level up by rank and after ""rites"" (rites are the game's unique sport-like replacement of a battle). Characters have their own strengths, weaknesses and movement.Combat isn't as nearly as satisfying as it was in Bastion or Transistor but it's nore rewarding still and it's more unique than the prior games from Supergiant. Where this game excels is story... This is mostly story-based, and it has alot of character development throughout the game.Animation is beautifully done, the graphics are purely 2D but so well done that they'll trick the human eye into thinking they are being rendered. Artistically it's undeniably Supergiant's best work to date. Colors are there, detail isn't as great as Transistor or Bastion but stylistically it just pops more.Characters are likable so far, just as likable as Red or Kid. The world feels hostile, almost a Mad Max feeling mixed with some sort of carnivale fantasy experience. There are dog-people.... yes... dog-people and other weird creatures for you to meet.There is more replayability here than the other games and you can tell that already from just a few minutes of playing it. Although, I can't talk about it as it would spoil things.As far as voice-acting, all the characters (except the announcer/commentator) talk in some kind of gibberish as far as audio. Text is well written and very easy to get into the story through that.Soundtrack is still just as good as ever. Music is up to par with Bastion and Transistor. Though not as atmospheric, it's more lonely.TLDR:Pyre's trailers didn't exactly explain the game very well but when you play the game it will all make sense. It's a worthy addition to Bastion and Transistor in my opinion.This isn't an action game with some dialogue thrown in, it's an story-driven adventure game based around a community of characters and their stories so even if you're disappointed with knowing that, you should still try it out because tge game is very well executed. It's not even my type of game but I'm having a blast!This IS indeed Supergiant's best work yet!"
,Recommended,462770,34804598,Posted: 7 September,all,Skron,"I've only played two sports game that I really loved. One is Double Dribble, and the other is Pyre."
,Not Recommended,462770,33817985,Posted: 26 July,all,roselius,"Pyre's beauty and its sense of mystery is on par with Supergiant's previous titles, don't get me wrong. It's visually stunning, and the little personal touches implemented in the player interactions with the surroundings bring a really nice touch to Pyre. This is going to be a really long review, so read on if you're iffy about getting this game.I can't recommend Pyre for just how disjointed and rushed it was to me-- this is, to date, definitely SG's longest game-- but the attempt to both lengthen the story and increase the number of cast members doesn't seem like something SG has the capability to handle yet.Tl;dr: Supergiant promised a larger cast and therefore a bigger range of choices-- and delivered-- but the choices in the end largely funneled you toward the same result, the only variation being found in how the endings play out and how character interactions progress. For some, that's all the reason someone needs to go through the minutae of every choice and see how big of a difference those choices make regarding the ending or through tiny bits of changed dialogue and interactions here and there.For me, there's a difference between more agency and simply presenting the player character with more ways to end up with the same result, and I am not happy with the way the game seemingly pushes the player towards replaying to achieve every single small, changed instance- especially given that reloading saves and achieving every single possible combination is a weighty, draining task given the size of the cast this time around. Transistor had a very intimate, personal touch to it that drove me to happily go into NG+ multiple times just to experience the game again, even if there was little to no choice to be found. With Pyre, even despite the option of visible changes and the amount of lore? I think I'll pass. Having finished the game, I'm sad to say that I felt little to no emotional connection with the cast and my decisions.MECHANICS/GAMEPLAY:Party-based gameplay isn't, first and foremost, my favorite, so I went into Pyre knowing I wouldn't enjoy that aspect as much. I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly I was able to learn the mechanics, but that was quickly tempered by how taxing it became.The control schemes are much different than Transistor's this time around, favoring Bastion in terms of a) equipping items and b) upgrading them. You get to control a trio of party members of your own choosing. However, the biggest flaw I encountered here was that movement and attack are both placed on mouse-- okay if you've got no cast times to execute abilities, like Transistor, but very unwieldy since you do have a fairly long charge on your attack (depending on character and upgrades) AND the fact that high mobility is important in Pyre. You have the option to mitigate or lessen the cast times later on, but fundamentally, this game would be much easier played on controller. You will most likely have to end up re-binding keys due to how strangely they're laid out for you initially. I can think of several ways gameplay would have been made so much better if: a traditional WASD movement scheme was implemented, along with space for jump, saving mouse buttons for ability execution only instead of directionals. I lost a lot of fluidity during my matches as a result.What quickly became taxing for me was the variation between difficulty levels. I played on the default setting the entire time, and maybe lost three-four matches out of the entirety of the game-- but what frustrated me was that there seemed to be no bridge between ""ridiculously easy"" and ""ridiculously difficult.""Either way, the fact that the plot was driven directly by battles where you choose your opponents, thus giving you a very large number of battle combinations you can choose to go through (and even more of a push towards replaying to get everyone's full story) was disheartening.PLOT:So it seems like SG really listened to their fans this time around and gave you a lot of lore. Like, a lot. Pages and pages of reading to do, and normally? I love visual novels, and I love lore-- but as the game progressed, I found myself flipping faster and faster through the pages of the Reader's book. The other reviews explain it a lot better and more briefly than I do: this is a visual novel, and if you dislike the lore or are simply uninterested, you will not enjoy Pyre, hands down.Moreover, the presentation of the lore was written in a style I found offputting. It's supposedly compiled from the words of the first set of exiles to undergo the Rituals-- but it's all written in the same tone, even if the cadence and nuance in vocabulary choice is varied. More lore doesn't always equal more enjoyment. Like Asher's messages to Red in Transistor, there are moments where the journal entries strike an emotional chord in me-- and I would have liked to see more written from that perspective. For a text-heavy game, not a lot of it resonated with me, and that's just a tiny bit damning for a game that uses that to make the player empathize with the cast and the plot.Whether this means that I simply didn't like the story this time around or that there was a genuine issue with pacing and delivery, I'm not sure. I know that SG wanted to branch out, and that they did-- but part of the charm and what I came to feel was their signature touch was how personal the narration can get-- and that was definitely missing this time around.Redemption and giving the cast a shot seems to be first and foremost here: without getting too much into detail, the game actually punishes you for ranking up, or for favoring certain styles of gameplay over others. It's a delicate balancing game regarding who you get to send home, and you have to be careful about how you choose to go about ranking characters up. At the end of the day, there was no great emotional impact to this game-- it was stagnant, at the very best, and once again, pushes you into restarting for the full experience. It's certainly a longer story, but it quickly gets repetitive.SOUNDTRACK/ATMOSPHERENo problems in this department, except for the fact that the vocal tracks this time around didn't really stand out to me, and had a weak ending credit song (that I was really anticipating, damn.) That aside, a lovely delivery by Darren Korb.This game is VERY colorful. Much closer to Bastion, has a lot of variation. Map designs were cool; it's a pity you can't actually get a closer look. Your stay in the blackwagon that also serves as a ""home"" point of sorts, like the Sandbox or the Bastion, is filled with all sorts of similar interactable items, which I loved a lot. Jen Zee's art and character design is also truly phenomenal this time around, even better than Transistor's cast.Congrats if you made it to the bottom of this review. I've given it a lot of thought, slept on it, and I'll have to just end by saying that there's a lot left to be desired in Pyre, and not from lack of lore, but rather execution this time around. If you love SG and just want to see the story they've crafted without too many expectations, by all means-- purchase! They deserve the support and praise for the quality of the work they put out with such a small team, and there is something to be said for the risk they took with such a radical leap in their formula, but this is their weakest title to-date."
,Recommended,462770,35163276,Posted: 23 September,all,Coznesster Smiff,"Supergiant have really suprised me with Pyre. Because Bastion and Transistor were so similar to one another I was expecting more of the same, but what they've done here is something else entirely.Pyre is part visual novel and part sports game. While this may seem like a strange combination, the story facilitates the meshing of the two genres very well. When you aren't getting to know the world and its many characters during your travels, you're participating in the Rites - an intense game that pits you against a rival team for the chance at earning freedom from the Downside. Its not just your freedom on the line however; you're also fighting for the freedom of your friends.Thats what I really love about this game. Unlike Bastion and Transistor, Pyre places a lot more emphasis on world building and character development. You'll get to know every character, learn their story and progress with them on your journey. You really start to connect with them - and if a game can effectively make you care about its world and the characters living in it, you know the writing is good.And yeah, the soundtrack is amazing but I'm sure you would have guessed that already. Come on, its a Supergiant game. That being said, I sincerely hope Darren Korb never stops making music. And Supergiant keeps making fantastic games."
,Recommended,462770,34146857,Posted: 10 August,all,CakeMask,"(TL;DR) at the bottomIt's more of the same from Supergiant Games.But hey, no one's complaining.Masterful character design and storytelling, fufilling character development, Award-worthy soundtrack, enthralling aesthetic and art, all combine in this woefully underpriced package. For the third time, the hands and minds at SGG have me crying my soul out at 4:30 in the morning and shelling out cash to listen to the soundtrack in all it's uncompressed glory. The artistic ability demonstrated in this this 9GB package is truly something to expirence.Is there a ""but"" coming? Prehaps the gameplay lacks slightly behind it's other aspects?Absolutely not.I was reluctant to buy this game, because from what I saw in the trailers, the gameplay didn't look like it would be all that fun to me. But I bought it anyway because from what I could tell the story would likely be worth suffering through the issues I have with controlling multipule characters in games. Suffer I did not.In all aspects of gameplay, it's a sports game. I'm reluctant to describe it as such because my expirence with sports games has been, well, rather trash. But this game has an incredible simplicity and depth to it's play, as well as simple, fluid controls; qualities that I peronally enjoy very much in alot of my favorite games. A combination of strategy, on-the-spot decision making, and an ability to adapt will get you far in this one. (I should, at this point, note that I haven't actually played against another player, which is something I am looking forward to. I'm writing this after having just beat the singleplayer campaign on normal difficulty.) The AI does a very good job at giving you a run for your money, and even though I never really lost a match, I still feel like I earned each win I got. Every match, even if it happens to be easy for whatever reason, still feels very intense because of what is at stake for you and your compainions if you loose.Great art and good gameplay alone wouldn't be earning this game such praise from me if they were just that. The icing on this masterpiece of a cake is how they intertwine with each other; the story's ongoing theme of trust and companionship carry though into how you strategize your match as your characters become more powerful when next to each other. Adversaries get mad when their pyre gets low and may even play dirty, should it be in character for them to do so. The simple XP system coincides well with a character's personal development, presenting that they are each improving because they learned and honed their skills. Entering a match doesn't feel like you've left the story world at all; rather, it feels like you've delved into the core of it.One thing that I feel like is worth noting is something that's not in this game's story: trivial drama. Thereisdrama, don't get me wrong, but it feels like it's there for a reason. No stupid miscommunication s@%# that would have been easily fixed if they'd just sit at talk calmly; nothing that leaves you with your face in your palms, going ""youidiots."" Characters interact with each other and with you in a way that is unfaltering to who they are as people, and your few dialouge options feel truly important and suffer very little from the multipule-choice-regret syndrome.Which leads into antother great aspect of this game; player agency. It doesn't have quite as many dialouge options and story routes as something like Knights of the Old Republic or Undtertale, no. It doesn't need them. You intertact one character at a time, in such a way that you really feel like you're getting to know them and helping them on their way. Each new character you meet brings an entirely new prespective on what you're doing and why, in a way I've seldom expirenced in any artistic medium.TL;DR; This masterpiece will get you invested in it's characters and story alomst immediately. Prepare to cry. At the same time, the gameplay will be challenging. Well worth your time and money. Play your part in the the rites and the lives of those who compete in them.Godspeed, Reader."
,Recommended,462770,34486725,Posted: 25 August,all,Irish Drunk,"I clearly recommend this game.Why? Read below (read the short version, and if you see fit, read on)Short Version:(No spoilers)I recommend this game at it's full price.Pyre is an artisical adventure, guiding the player through a colourful and well designed worldIts core mechanics are ensembled in a sports-like mode, which might be compared to rugby,and it's overall story, inviting the player to get completly absorbed.The game grants you opportunities, to feel more connected with the characters, by acknowledging your choices throughout the expierence, by means in greater and lesser manners.Besides that, the game is easy to pick up; all mechanics are distinctly explained and offer the opportunity to be mastered, which merges perfectly with the adjustable difficulty (unlocked due to mechanics throughout later in the game, which also yield rewards - enabling all + adjusting the overall difficulty mode can level the difficulty up to a hardcore expierence)The game offers an unique experience, due to it's non-conventional deisgn,and excells due to it's graphical art, as well as it's soundtrack.Long Version:(no plott spoilers)Gameplay:In Pyre the player, in the game referred to as the reader, is confronted by two major mechanics:1. an text rpg-like decision making (with the opportunity to select between different answers - rarely actions) and2. a sports-like game, with plenty of depth1.You entcounter plenty of characters througout the game. To be more precicse: the major plott-point and every action is mainly given life through those characters and the way they behave.Therefore player is given means to interact with them in certain ways, often invovling other game mechanics as well.By doing so, every action feels acknowledged from the game.But it is important to state the ways of interacting is fairly limited.2. The more game-like mechanic is found the (minor spoiler) Rites. Those Rites are matches between two teams, each fielding 3 'players'. The main goal is to extinguish the enemys' flame (a circle close the the end of the playing field, behind the spawn-zone of the team). Who extinguishes the enemys' Pyre first, wins.As simple as that, but it got plenty of depth.E.g. every characters has 4 stats, which governs their speed, amount of 'damge' they inflict upon the enemies pyre, the time they take to respawn and their aura size.Respawn and Aura size?Getting in contact with the enemies aura (every character has one) means the character is banished. The time it takes for the player to respawn close to the own pyre is therefore governed by the attribute.Greater Aura-size = unconqured?No, as soon as a character picks up the 'ball', which spawns in the middle of the field, he or she no longer has an aura, and is therefore vulnerable to enemy auras. Besides: one can also throw his/her own aura, but by doing so leaves him/herself exposed for a short time.Those elements combined with jump and sprint mechanics, and a skill tree, which are all uniquie to the characters set up a playing field for tactical advanced maneuvers.1.2?Outside of point 2, you are often able to influence stats by desicions you make, and also find out more about those you travel with.Graphics:haven't had any issue with frame rates or alike. the graphics have an artistic touch (as seen in the shops screenshots) and apeel at least to me.Technically there are no flaws, but art is a matter of taste.Sounds:well here is a point. even if it highly depends (and this point can be made both on the graphics and the sounds) on your taste, there is no doubt to be left, that super giants have one, if not the, best soundtracks in their games.Every character has their own theme, and the background music is a major point of the game, and should be acknowledged!Excellent work!(I don't give points, because those are worhtless since anyone can say 10/10, but the soundtrack has an easily 9/10, even higher if I'd consider decimels).Finally one last remark:'Local-Multiplayer' referres to a Versus mode, which can be played outside of the campaign.Great work!and if someone of Super Giants reads this (I don't think this is going to happen):Thanks for this great expierence and quality time.Was worth the money!"
76561198063923107,Recommended,462770,33799849,Posted: 25 July,all,Squirrel Eggs,"Supergiant games has done it once again. To start off, this game is heavily story driven and alternates between the gameplay and the story, so if you're not into a mix of sports-like gameplay paired with a visual novel, then perhaps this game may not grab your attention.Jumping right into the pros and cons as far as I have seen in my few hours of gameplay and light comparisons to Bastion and Transistor:Pros:1. The characters are very memorable. It's highly inclusive of you, the Reader, in the game, which is quite different from the way Transistor executed the character stories.2. The gameplay portions are very unique and addicting, simply described as sports game mechanics with a twist. In addition, mixing team composition can make a huge difference in certain battles due to their individual perks and abilities.3. The art is absolutely captivating and beautiful (as usual). It captures the feeling of each landscape perfectly and is just downright perfect background material.4. The story still progresses even if you lose. For some this can be seen as a con, but for me it adds some element to replay value, which I will get into later.5. There are different decisions you can make throughout the game, mostly limited to one or two, but they can affect character stats and how much purchasing power you have.Cons:1. The gameplay CAN get repetitive. Especially if you choose a certain composition and roll with it for many fights, it loses all aspects of the challenge. But a possible solution to this is to turn up difficulty.2. The decisions still have some flaws. With the very few routes you can take to progress, most of them don't heavily hold any consequences and some can result in events that are mildly infuriating. SPOILERS:In one part of the story, you can choose to take a path Rukey suggests or Ti'zo suggests. If you go with Ti'zo, then both Ti'zo and Mae (the name I chose for her) each lose 1 Hope because they couldn't catch a fish... very strange3. While there is Versus mode, there is no online multiplayer mode. The developer themself addressed this:https://www.reddit.com/r/pyre/comments/6qhnfe/i_wish_versus_mode_had_online/Basically, Supergiant Games' focus has always been the story and it makes sense that they didn't go the online multiplayer route, but it still would have been a fantastic addition to the game to go head to head with a variety of different skilled players online.After playing through the campaign and trying out the versus mode with a friend, the gameplay and controls are solid in both. The campagin really gives the Reader (you) a sense of haste and worry towards the end of the gamewith less time in between Rites and very little dialogue in between to emphasize the haste, which makes it feel much more real and immersive. Overall, I highly recommend this game! As with the differences between Bastion and Transistor, Pyre is a fitting addition as a unique standalone game to this Supergiant trio.As mentioned before, there definitely is replay value that Pyre can offer, let it be attempting to win all Rites, or losing all Rites, or just seeing what could happen when taking other options that are limited. You begin to realize towards the end of the game that there are several different ways for the game to be played and your bigger decisions you made along the way add up to very different endings. Furthermore, the addition of Versus is an interesting aspect to developing player skills to test new combinations and strategies which was highly enjoyable for myself and my opponent.Overall, Pyre is an absolute must-have, 10/10!"
,Not Recommended,462770,33817631,Posted: 26 July,all,-=///REZUS\\\=-,"I wouldn't state description misled me, developers comprimised gameplay for a visual aesthetics or smth like that. The concept is completely nice and promising. But there are big flaws preventing from enjoying this game. Let's point them out:- A LOT of filler dialogs. There has been a log of interactions that gave me no info about world or characters. They just prolong your gameplay session for god knows what reason.- slow pace with a lot of pauses and interruptions. When I wodering where this little wagon will go I await some kind of jorney but it stops just after the hill. Always. There was a dialog of two or three sentences, one button interaction for illusion of choosing further route, one more sentence, confirmation of preparing for night, one more sentence, confirmation for travel and... three seconds of animation.- screens with one button. press to travel, press to click the only star on the sky, press to confirm a rest at the camp...- repetitive gameplay. a short trip with fork or two, a few optional dialogs, battle. that's it. repeat it until you die of boredom. sometimes u will encounter a merchant and sometimes u will receive a new page at the lore book. from some point a gain a few options at wagon but they are completely optional- lame skill trees. yes, there are many characters but come on: every one of them have 8 skills. Only 2 of 8 are actual active skills that can give you some advantage in battle- bad tutorials. there was a fight where i needed to defend one point from waves of monsters. it contained tutorials to show me 2 moves. i thought i got it but when mission ended i saw counters saying i didn't do the right moves. so what's the purpose of tutorials if i pass them without doing what they are supposed to teach me?- lore book. ehm, it showed me a few pages and... i didn't see any thoughtful connection between pages. Maybe there is a revelation awaiting me in the end but i'm not motivated enough to return to this bookMaybe I'll change my mind after a few more hours. But right now i want smth designed more accurately."
,Recommended,462770,33859060,Posted: 28 July,all,GetBeaned,"Supergiant's weakest effort yet is still nothing short of incredible.In my mind, Supergiant are held to an almost unrealistic standard. Bastion and Transistor are two games that not only stand out as favourites due to the superb quality of both games, but also show a clear ambition by the developers to stride towards something new in video games. The integration of gameplay and storytelling is yet to be fully realised in this medium but I feel both games make considerable leaps in realising that goal.In a way, Pyre is a step back from this mindset, and it would seem the focus has shifted towards a more traditional structure of storytelling found in classic RPG’s a visual novels. Attempting to lump Pyre into a single genre is difficult, not only because it clearly takes elements from sports games and the aforementioned visual novels, but because it fuses those elements so seamlessly it almost makes it’s own genre; a genre I doubt we’ll see other developers looking to capitalise on. In this regard Pyre is worthy of attention alone, and the attention you give it isn’t wasted when you realise what it does is more than a mere experiment but is a full fledged experience similar to the time I had with Supergiants other installments.At it’s core, Pyre is a character driven journey where you occasionally take a break to play some basketball. I’m not underplaying or wholly criticising the gameplay by saying this, rather I truly believe the heart of the game is in the characters and the themes the game explores. Much like many big fantasy franchises in film, literature and video games alike, the characters are put at the forefront and through them the story unravels. Pyre excels in telling the story purely because the characters are so well defined, relatable, diverse and unique. First introducing the hero, bruiser and jovial sidekick, the game delves deeper into different lands, races and backgrounds, with not only forms the basis for the story and lore of the world, but creates a truly memorable cast of different personalities.Through the characters a story revolved heavily around freedom takes place. Whilst the theme at the forefront is obvious, less apparent motifs crop up as a result of the internal struggles between the party members, ranging from the ethics of betrayal and disloyalty to simple love connections that form resulting from the harsh conditions each character is put in. Player choice is given in deciding what stories you reveal, since it was made apparent quite early I wouldn’t be able to fully explore each one. Your choice and actions not only affect your, as the player’s, own perception and understanding of the party members, but also how they act in game and plot points as you progress. For example, one member, Pamitha, betrays her sister, which you only learn on the playing field. As a result, she begs you to let her win for she feels to much shame to again put her sibling down. What result agreeing with her would have I don’t know, since I chose the option to beat her, but the choice is there and the game makes it apparent choices are permanent and losses merely occur and don’t create fail states.Leading into gameplay, the handball/basketball combat the game showed prior to release had many people on edge, rightfully so. A story driven fantasy sports game is ridiculous in concept, but it actually turns out to be quite fun. I most liken it to handball, where you throw a ball between teammates in the hope of throwing said ball into the opposition goal. Unlike the real sport, you can “banish” the other team, removing them from the game temporarily through attacks. The depth lies in the variety between the races, where some are more defensive and offensive than others and have different abilities to reflect that. The trinket system is mostly good too, where a lot will give special effects like double jump and infinite stamina.Do I think it is as deep as it could be? No. You’re restricted to moving only one character at a time, and due to the limitations of being human, playing against the hard AI means they can maneuver their team much more efficiently than you which sometimes leads to moments where you feel you’re being cheated. Conversely, the first 2 hours of the game are insanely easy to the point where I don’t think it’s possible to fail. In addition to trinkets, some tie into the run of the mill stat system, where 4 different factors affect how your team perform. The problem lies in the fact it’s all very generic, where one measures speed, the other attack size etc. Stat modifiers are generally so small it’s hard to notice a difference and makes leveling those modifiers feel pointless.Like the previously stated spoiler example however, the gameplay can serve to enhance the story and characters, where sometimes a team will not show up or be replaced, adding to that faction's lore and motives.In my opinion, I’d rank this at the bottom of Supergiants catalogue. I don’t think this is because the games bad or that Supergiant didn’t try by any means, but it is only because the other games are so good. The restrictions of the genres they take elements from are essentially the game's weaknesses, and yet still the game is an absolute marvel and worthy of anyone's time."
76561198065546417,Recommended,462770,33847910,Posted: 27 July,all,Deltacommander,"Amazing game, extremely well made characters providing a sense of emotion for each. The extra story lines of which almost made me want to let some factions win due to their sense of despair or kindness were excellent as well. it provided mixed feelings when the game had truely finished leading me to ask what would've happened had I let them leave. I believe it was also well paced providing sufficent time to learn each character of the Nightwings and provided many different emotions for each encounter."
76561198138967991,Recommended,462770,34489166,Posted: 25 August,all,satie-san,"CountingTransistoras one of my all-time favourite games and having really enjoyedBastion, I had high hopes for Supergiant Games’ new title, since the moment the reveal trailer launched.WhileBastionandTransistorfocused more heavily on the burden of loneliness and the struggles of a protagonist evolving in a decaying world,Pyreentirely revolves around a lively and diversified cast of characters, nine of whom are to form the Nightwings, a group of exiles you - a faceless and nameless character with the rare ability to read - have to guide to freedom.Pyrecould be described as half visual-novel, half RPG, with the latter presenting you with several options for difficulty (reduced, standard, heightened). As someone who is doing okay but not extraordinarily in the ‘fights’, I always appreciate the effort made by developers who want their players to be able to appreciate the storytelling and lore without feeling too much pressure from the combat system, and it indeed becomes very pleasant to experience (connoisseurs can always have more in the Versus mode, where you can customize pretty much everything from the composition of your opponent's team to the scenery and the battle theme). Much has already been said about the fights themselves, which are reminiscent of sport games and offer some interesting features, like the ability to control all three characters “at once”, allowing for both a try-to-immediately-goal approach and more refined tactics.I genuinely thinkPyrehas much to offer to fans of different genres who may be brought together by the unique way this game mixes its gameplay and storytelling. Both are seamlessly interdependent, as proven by a great moment in which one of the characters of your cast makes you invoke a specific Titan Star (a gameplay feature that makes your foe stronger, similar to the Limiters inTransistorand the Pantheon inBastion) so that she can use its influence to control an adversary who in-game reveres said Titan.This is just one example amongst others, but it speaks well for itself.The lore itself is plentiful and written with finesse, crafting an original and thought-provoking world (the Downside and the Commonwealth, two sides of the same coin) where being able to read or showing mercy to your fallen enemies can provoke your perpetual downfall. And while I didn’t grasp much of it during my first playthrough, replaying the game to skim through the book of Rites once again and note down everything I found of interest (the story of the Scribes - demi-gods who are at the origin of the world we evolve in -, locations, timeline, well-hidden connections between characters…) was a delightful experience. Also something noteworthy: Supergiant invented a whole new language (Sahrian) while English has become the equivalent of Latin in our world: a long-forgotten language only a couple of scholars and highly powerful figures can still understand.Having talked at length about pretty much everything else, I feel the need to underline thatPyre's cast is without a doubt the strongest asset of the game however, from the immediately loveable and friendly nomad Hedwyn to the taunting guilt-ridden harp(y) Pamitha and so many others, enemies included. Even the Reader, the player character, has well-defined character traits and brilliantly avoids the pitfall of the bland insert that too many games suffer of.Other than that, we as fans can only laud the amount of work that went into the art and music, both absolutely breathtaking and worthy follow-ups toTransistor's aesthetic. The attention to detail is mind-blowing, asPyre’s art direction really hits goal in every aspect: animation, sprites, landscapes… everything is colorful and vivid, always making use of clever tricks to give the impression of movement even during technically static scenes. The songs with vocals may not be as seamlessly implemented in the story as they were inTransistor, but that doesn’t change anything to the sheer quality of the soundtrack, which varies from the epic (‘Forbidden Knowledge’) to the contemplative. The whole score brims with energy and each character song is instantly recognizable.TL;DR/Conclusion:Pyremashes up elements of RPG battle system and visual novel storytelling in the best possible way, immediately pulling the player into its gripping and original world, and taking a new direction from what was done inBastionandTransistorwhile still bearing Supergiant’s distinctive style and quality brand in all aspects.Pyreis more than the sums of its parts however: a beautiful story that has a lot to tell, it is centered on hope, kinship, one’s ability to change their condition and the ultimate acceptance of imperfection. I for sure know that the Stars that twinkle in the skies of the Downfall will stay with me during a long time."
,Recommended,462770,34565713,Posted: 28 August,all,symptote,"Pyre is an unusual game in many ways, so it's fairly difficult for me to compare it to another game, including Supergiant's previous ones, in order to recommend it. What I can say is that if you're not sure about the gameplay, like I was, but the art style/storytelling intrigues you, you should definitely go for it.Pyre is a story about a band of exiles coming together as friends (the visual novel part) to try and earn their freedom back to their country (the action/Fantasy Basketball part). The art style is gorgeous, as always with Supergiant, and the story is enticing - the lore of the game can feel overwhelming when it's first introduced, but I found that focusing on the characters' individual storylines really hooked me into the world. The music is also great.What's interesting is the way the game weaves two very different styles of gameplay together: while you get to know more about the characters through a VN-like type of experience, the way the story develops is through matches with other exiles. I was really worried that I would not enjoy playing through them at all, as this is not the type of games I usually play. However, the game has really great difficulty settings (similar to Transistor: you can add limiters to make the game really hard for yourself, or pick the easiest setting and not worry about it), AND it integrates failure as part of the story in a really cool way. I ended up really enjoying playing matches, to my surprise.Overall I think Pyre has an engaging story to tell and it does so in really surprising and new ways. If you're hesitant because the gameplay combination doesn't seem enticing, well, I get it and I felt the same, but I can now confidently say this game has an amazing level of polish and care put into it - it's definitely worth at least trying it out."
,Not Recommended,462770,33800991,Posted: 25 July,all,Kerillian,"First off, I've never bought soundtracks faster from any other company than Supergiant games. They upload their OSTs for free but I purchase them because I love their games so much. Transistor was visually beautiful and had pretty unique combat, it got repetitive but the story pulled me in. Bastion, oh Bastion, on of the first games I played on XboxLive a many years ago, narration was fantastic, the story was heart wrenching at times and the combat had so many variations I could play challenge modes for hours. I love Supergiant Games.However, as much as it pains me, I don't think I enjoy Pyre. With only a mere 4.8 hours, I haven't finished the game and perhaps the review will change with the finality of said game, but from trailers I thought I'd be making game deciding decisions. Of course after playing Mass Effect games and Telltale games I know that no decision is ever TRULY yours, but nonetheless this is a company I trust far more than EA and Telltale. Yet nothing mattered, no choice I've done feels worth it, nobody youfree from exile before anyone else has consequenceAfter you reach the first ""freedom rite"" the game wants you to back track. Which, of every single game I've ever played in my life, is the bane of existence. Nobody likes backtracking.I can't think of a single game, or even MMO where I enjoy being the same place after doing hours worth of things there. Backtracking is awful. This game is built around backtracking, and through backtracking you uncover more story and characteristics of your team. That would be all fine and good if the game also didn't feel like a Visual Novel. Every time I feel like I'm getting into the story, the gameplay sucks you out of it, because it has NOTHING to do with the story other than the gameplay = Rites, and you must to rites to become free. Yes that may sound like it's story driven gameplay, but the way it feels, it drags you out of the world you travel, and the spits you back into it.To make it worse, half of your time is going to be reading, reading is fine and dandy if I'm playing Banner Saga or a Visual Novel, but this company has had voice acting for both it's previous games even with silent protaganists. Having no voice acting is a hinderance, but to make it worse, every single diaglogue scroll is only 1-2 sentences. I can't imagine reading any book with 1-2 sentences per page.The art style is beautiful as always, the soundtrack I'm in love with, but the gameplay never changes, the story lacks depth or feeling, and backtracking should never be pushed in a game. I feel bad, this is one of my only games I don't want to recommend, maybe if I finish the game and it's fantastic or something I'll change, but so far I don't like this nearly as much as I did Transistor or Bastion.Upon beating the game: Once again the soundtrack is always gorgeous, but the story didn't do it for me. It was nice to seehow everyone looked after you saved them and heard songs of what they did afterward as well as the final dialogues in the character screen.The game was alright. I'd recommend this as a rental if it's possible, otherwise I cannot recommend it. It's an acquired taste, a visual novel with nice music and 1 player 3-man basketball (or handball, take your pick). It's pretty much as niche as niche can get, it's alright but I'm not going to preach this like I did other games from SGG like Bastion, or other titles like Witcher or Dragon's Dogma.Sorry Supergiant Games, I love you to death but this wasn't your finest."
,Recommended,462770,33820504,Posted: 26 July,all,Ozzy,"I had my worries about this game, especially its gameplay.I am sorry I ever doubted you, Supergiant Games.darren korb is our lord and savior"
,Not Recommended,462770,33896284,Posted: 29 July,all,Rodalli,"I am through and through a Supergiant fan. I love Bastion and Transistor. They're as successful at being games as they are at being beautiful works of art. I wish I could say the same for Pyre. I wish I could like this game. I have tried... but after 8 hours, I can say the gameplay is shallow, repetitive and just not very much fun. The nature of the gameplay thus leads to a story that is just as tiresome, as the game is structured in such a way that it's quite impossible for anything truly novel or engaging to transpire (the very rigid mechanics of the Rites must be preserved, therefore you can always count on certain characters being around, going to places and choosing between a talisman, a Vocation, or a junk item you can sell, and so on). Once you've played through the first 4 hours, you've seen pretty much all you're going to see of the Downside. Even the artwork and music doesn't evoke the same inspired immersion that we saw in previous Supergiant games. The world isn't crafted and realized so much as it is stamped together with modular parts that feel overly formulaic. The soundtrack in particular feels drab and often times invisible in the world. I can't name one track in Pyre in all my playtime that has caught my attention.I appreciate that Pyre is different, and unusual, and artsy. Those things are great. But in the developers insistence to make something unique, they unfortunately seem to have forgotten to make a game. I hope that Supergiant keeps making weird games, and I hope that I'll be able to keep supporting their ability to do so. That said, I can't recommend Pyre, not even to fans of Bastion and Transistor."
,Recommended,462770,33930720,Posted: 31 July,all,empiu,"Due to unexplainable events in timespace, I've found out about this game a few days before its release, and instantly purchased it mostly because I'm a fan of Supergiant Games. I just like how their games look, feel and sound.So don't expect a truly objective review, I'm a fanboy, heh-heh.And the new game delivered the expected feelings. At least for me. Well drawn characters and background decorations, soundtrack worthy of adding to a personal playlist and heart charming story.So if this is what you like to experience in this game, definitely worth buying.Gameplay on the other side is not so flawless, as it is in the previous games from this developer, yet we all know that perfection is impossible.It's interesting and can be pretty intense but I found myself unable to pick just one difficulty level and play the whole game on it.On default, most of the adversaries are unchallenging and do not possess you any threat and beating them feels like stealing a candy from a baby, but on heightened level sometimes you will encounter cobra-reaction 420 years in NBA inhuman beings, who act so fast that it fells just unfair.Little spoiler here.Battle with Oralech took me about 15 attempts on heightened level before I gave up and switched to default just to beat him because I don't want to lose to this cocky goat-man.Oh and the game constantly reminds me how bad am I at English language. There is a ton of words I've read for the first time in a lifetime. And this ton of words comes from a tons of dialogues, so if you don't like talking that interrupts the gameplay, this game unfortunately is not for you.P.S. This review was written before “True Nightwing” update so I don't know if difficulty settings were balanced in any way.Also, I wrote this even before attending The Last Rite, so didn’t know everything about Oralech. Freed him in the end, he’s a nice fella."
,Recommended,462770,35344499,Posted: 30 September,all,Daiya Oomine,Dog with moustache.
,Not Recommended,462770,33839345,Posted: 27 July,all,moatsmjl,"I can't honestly recommend this to anyone looking for an RPG experience, or anyone looking to satisfy the description ""Pyre is a party-based RPG from the creators of Bastion and Transistor"".It's a sport ball game with varying degrees of difficulty wrapped in a very linear story with very little room to make impactful decisions.The art, the soundtrack, the story, all great as is expected from the team that made it. For me however, i wanted an RPG and this feels far from it."
,Recommended,462770,33791435,Posted: 25 July,all,Admiral Moba,"Well, I played it now around 2 hours and I can tell it is atm every penny worth! As the 2 past Supergiant Games,there is no disappointment to expect.Graphics:Pyre is the most beautiful designed and drawn game, I've ever played!The characters are cool designed, the areas are colourful and have an unic ""aura""The animations and effects support Pyre ensure that you have the perfect game experience!Soundtrack:As Bastion and Transistor, Pyre has also an beautiful Soundtrack, what implementsyou an ""eargasm"" while playing. Turn the volume on and convince yourself!Gameplay:I have to say, that im Playing with the Steam controller and i have an pretty smooth andprecise experience by now. Everything is working well and the fights are much moreexciting, than expected!All in all the game is an ""must buy"" title for indie-game lovers!10/10 Keep going, Supergiant Games!!!!"
76561198164821914,Recommended,462770,33806543,Posted: 26 July,all,Call me Doctor,"What a nice game. I really like it a lot!It has a very nice atmosphere, good music, a funny environment and plenty of decisions to make.If you look for art in a game, this is the one for you.Can only recommend to everybody that wants a pretty game with simple but yet very entertaining gameplay."
76561198146193484,Recommended,462770,33954321,Posted: 1 August,all,Pugnacious,I would die for every single person on my magic basketball team.
76561198072094217,Recommended,462770,33812186,Posted: 26 July,all,Setorrs The Lollygagger,Ohh boy here comes Pyre. The third game from SuperGiant and I can say it has their mark.Good story? Check.Good enviroment? Check.Good art? Check.Memorable characters? Check.Music out of this word that keeps with you months after finishing the game? Check and double check.If you loved Bastion and Transistor I recomment you buy Pyre. They just keep getting better at making unique and fun games.
,Recommended,462770,33816294,Posted: 26 July,all,N00b_on_Fire,"As aspected of Supergiant Games the animation is superb, eventhough maybe a little bit too bright with the colors in my opinion. It is a story driven game, since the combat mechanic is basically handball/basketball and - while challenging with all the limiters on (like in bastion/transistor) - feels a little mediocre would it be standing alone.However the story is quite beautiful giving you options to have mercy on your enemies and make hard decisions on who to redeem of your teammates.I am not sure about the replay value of the game since the combat isn't as exciting, but clearing the game once is certainly worth it."
76561197995243595,Recommended,462770,34213066,Posted: 13 August,all,Tonho da mala,"Finished the game last week.To sum up what I thought of it:The gameplay is interesting and more simple than how it looks. Also it gets very strategic and demands quick fingers if you play it on the heightened difficulty (which I recommend).The writing follows the Kurt Vonnegut rule: ""Every sentence must do one of two things — reveal character or advance the action."" Which, to me, makes it the best visual novel I've ever played. (Ok, I haven't played that many visual novels, but the ones that I did, went on pointless and uninteresting dialogues all the time)The art and music of the game, well... look at the trailer. Is beautiful right? The whole game is pretty much like that.THUMBS UP FOR THE HARDWORKERS AT SUPERGIANT GAMES, GOD BLESS YOU AND GODSPEED."
,Recommended,462770,33922441,Posted: 31 July,all,Raccoon Thing,"I was a bit surprised they let Supergiant Games do Air Bud 15, but they introduced alot of cool lore to the franchise!"
,Recommended,462770,34557802,Posted: 28 August,all,lucasrizoli,"It's a well-made visual novel and fantasy NBA-Jam–alike—weird and fun and delightful on every level. It is unusual in its setting, tone, mechanics—but also unusual in the quality of its interactions, between its characters, between sprints and tactical staging of players during the matches, even in moving around the cursor to twiddle with little items in the UI. Fantastic in every sense, I recommend playing Pyre—and, should you find it slow to start, giving it the benefit of the doubt."
76561198057905335,Recommended,462770,33805122,Posted: 26 July,all,Star Platinum,"Having played through the story to its completion, I'm left with a familiar bittersweet taste in my mouth. Supergiant games has mastered the art of sucking you into a world, letting you bond with its characters, and then ending the game in such a way that you're begging to know just a little bit more.In Pyre, you get to choose exactly when your friends' storylines are cut short. I'm not sure whether I made the right decisions, but I can always start another game and see if things turn out differently.And that, in and of itself, is enough to give this game my reccommendation.Oh, and the incredibly fun and flexible combat doesn't hurt either."
,Recommended,462770,33868131,Posted: 28 July,all,boo_ooo,"The Tune Squad is back in action, in Supergiant's thrilling sequel to its 1996 classic ""Space Jam"".  However, instead of a voyage through space, the gang is transported into a timeless purgatorial fantasy realm from which Bugs and his zany crew must liberate themselves through the power of 3-v-3 streetball.==========With Michael Jordan retired (for real this time!), the cartoons' saga forces them down a new path alone.  The overworld is a network of important choices, rather than the exploratory realms of other Supergiant romps.  While many of the game's choices are binary, you can immediately see the impact of what you've done (and the potential losses borne by the choice you didn't make).  What the game lacks in exploration, it makes up for in these grand purposeful decisions which have a salient impact on both the narrative and how the game will be played.The storytelling is superb; it stands as a cut above its predecessors in a lot of ways.  While Bastion, Transistor, and 90's cult classic Space Jam emphasized art as a means of conveying their messages; Pyre has stronger dialogue, character-building, continuity, and purpose.  Perhaps others will find its story less compelling than those other examples, but the game's narration uses more layers to impart that message and gives the player more agency over that message.  The frequent branching options presented in the game's story help provide that agency, in a powerful way.The game's music is truly incredible, with a diverse set of tracks, all provided by the legendary Quad City DJs.  The game contextually pulls tracks in just when they're needed, reinforcing the themes and mood in a subtle and natural way.  Ethereal harps and acoustic instruments, combined with a fusion of heavy guitar riffs and modern sounds, transport the player to an anachronistic and foreign world dominated by mystery and magic.In sum: You have a game that truly includes the player in the narrative, while using its art and unparalleled soundtrack to instill a sense of place and tone.  Recurring characters--allied and enemy alike--make for a comfortable space where this narrative can take place.==========The gameplay is much more akin to Jam than Bastion or Transistor.  Three Tunes (selected at the start of the match) must use the power of the Pro Ball, which contains the collective b-ball skills of Earth's greatest ballers, to triumph over enemy teams of three.  You can only command one baller at a time.  When you've got the ball, you must rely on your mobility to move rapidly down the court.  When the ball is in the Monstars' possession, you use your deadly auras and special techniques as ""crowd control"" to force your foes to respawn and create an opening for your own team.The gameplay is quick and has an emphasis on rapid decision-making.  Switching gears from defense to offense and back again is a primary concern.  After laying down a Slam Dunk, the character who jammed is temporarily removed from play leaving just two Tunes left on the court.  There were plenty of times when I'd use Speedy Gonzales to slam a quick jam, only to find that I had no fast Tunes left for the next jump ball.  Instead, I'd have to rely on the slower Porky or Gossamer to jam slams.Each Tune can be advanced and outfitted with ACME gear that improves how they ball, the attacks they can use, how quickly they respawn when outballed, and whether or not they jam.  Some Tunes can fly (Tweety, I'm looking at you!) while others have powerful ground attacks--none more powerful than Foghorn Leghorn's.  Balancing your Tunes and deciding when to use whom is critical to your success in the game.  There's a suprisingly depth of strategy here, especially on the game's higher difficulty settings.============In the end, I recommend this game to any b-ball fans, Tune Squad alums, Supergiant enthusiasts, or anyone who likes a good narrative.  Happy Jamming!"
,Recommended,462770,33955739,Posted: 1 August,all,iDontThinkSo,"When it says ""The End"" and press smth to go back, I really wished I didn't have too.Definetly will revisit the game some day for another campaign run.The lore is great and so is the music and are the characters.This game is a masterpiece if you have a good imagination and I guess commitment."
,Recommended,462770,33917963,Posted: 30 July,all,Joms,"Supergiant Games creates a lively, foreboding, and hopeful world in the Downside, where exiles of the civilized Commonwealth are sent ""to carry out their rightful sentences"". While it can be branded as a ""sportsball"" game, Pyre instead acts like a visual novel+party-based rpg. The Rites are as much as a battle system as any other game, but in addition to banishing your enemies you must get the Orb into the opposing team's Pyre (make sure to turn the difficulty up to Heightened! It's too easy otherwise). Each character has a unique skill set, some of which are harder to understand than others, and your skill at them can directly reflect onto the story. The story ACTUALLY changes based on your actions, conversations, and the outcome of the Rites. If you lose a Rite, you don't get to try again. The story continues and the characters reflect that. This creates an extra sense of tension during a Rite, especially a certain special few. Just be aware that there is a ton of reading in this game, way more of that then Rites gameplay.It's no secret that Supergiant Games is my favorite studio, so take this review with a grain of fanboyism, but they have created another fantastic world and gameplay experience that everyone should at least try.Also, the soundtrack is fantastic, but that is just a given at this point. Darren Korb is one of the best composers in games and Ashley Barrett returns for another fantastic performance. (""Dread Design"" and ""Will of the Scribes""!)"
,Recommended,462770,34281030,Posted: 16 August,all,Alphakrull,Once again Supergiant has released a great game. My favorite one so far.
,Not Recommended,462770,35316561,Posted: 29 September,all,Huffman Dickings,"I really really tried liking this game. There's a LOT of GREAT things in it, including the art and character design, the gameplay, the sound and music.Unfortunately, this game just didn't grab me the way other Supergiant games did and the primary reason is that this is actually a VISUAL NOVEL.Now, if that doesn't bother you, then treat this review as a ""thumbs up"".But I don't like reading extensive lore and dialogue texts that descirbe a bunch of stuff that happened, and telling you what's at stake. The game breaks the ""show don't tell"" principle pretty hard. And that's weird, because there's definitely A GAME in here, but it's just two sparse. 5 minutes of gameplay every 20 minutes of information dump gets old kinda quick.The gameplay is this weird hybrid of handball/basketball/rugby, with special powers. You play a 3v3 game with the goal of dunking on the opponent's.... goal. This is actually a really fun game. And the VS mode is in here to play with a friend.... and it works! It's a great fantasy sport game, and not a lot of devs try to do that.But again,  not enough of it here.The story is very hit or miss. There's this overarching goal, as well as relationships with your roster/cast. Unfortunately, your relationship with your cast only goes as far as clicking on them and hearing them talk at you. You get to know about them, but not really get to know THEM, know what I mean?Each character is unique in gameplay, but due to spoiler reasons, you tend to lose the characters you actually use during the game. So as soon as you can like a character, they bounce and you're kinda stuck with characters you may have been ambivalent about and, more importantly, that weren't very fun to play.The ending heavily relies on your caring about the characters, but I feel like it's undeserved. The interactions with your characters is just too limited to really engage you to them.And that's really what lead to this thumbs down. It's not JUST that it's a visual novel, but the visual novel part just happens to be pretty meh...As it stands, it's presentation is at odds with its gameplay, and the dissonance just grows the further you get."
,Recommended,462770,33934955,Posted: 31 July,all,midnightpeea,"As a primarily action/shooter fan I didn'tt think Ii would enjoy a more story driven game like pyre, but oh how I was wrong. This game somehow just makes me keep playing on and on thanks to the excellent pacing, interesting story, and great gameplay. It's now already one of my new favourite games."
76561198059674781,Not Recommended,462770,33837251,Posted: 27 July,all,elpartey,"I bought this game two hours before it was realeased without having heard of it before hand because it was developed by suppert giant games who made transistor and bastion. Two games i consider masterpieces in interactiv storytelling. I expected the game to be good and now 16 hours later I have seen moments of true greatnes ruined by boring moment to moment gameplaythe good: the game is as expected from super giant games gorgeous and the sound track is, again, as expected breathtaking. The story has some pretty gradious moments and you feel genuinely connected with your characters while you fight for their freedom. But by far the best feature is the amazing combat system that has enough depth to be a fighting game like super smash brothers on its on.now for the bad: It's more or less a visual novel with gameplay in between.the dialog isn't voiced anymore and because of that the story and gameplay can't mix like in super giants previous games because you have to read the story. The game is pretty boring for the most part. You will spend at least half of your time ( probably even more) reading through dialog and nothing else. In transistor and bastion listening to the story never felt boring because you could alsways explore the map or kill some enemys while doing it but in Pyre you have to read trough alot of text just so you feel invested in your characters later.  The overworld kills any momentum the game could have had by making you click on the route you want to take, telling you what you see there through the horrible textbox and then maybe giveng you the opportunity to talk or train with your characters it is super tedious  and makes the games seem like it was ment for a mobile release before they thought of the combat system. But by far the worst things is the ending becaus it perfectly embodies what a bitter sweet disapointment the game is because you litteraly get to read what happens to all the characters at the end insted of showing you what happens to these characters you bond with over the duration of the game and struggle to free, you just get to read about it in the dreadfull text box.all in all i must admit that I'm very disapointed. It amazes me how much better super giant games has gotten at designing combat systems. But to me it feels like they tried to get away from the formula of their previous games and in doing so the lost what made their games great."
,Recommended,462770,33891157,Posted: 29 July,all,Torchy2,"Another great game from Supergiant, leans more towards story than gameplay aspect but nonetheless another amazing game"
76561198044289586,Not Recommended,462770,33825017,Posted: 26 July,all,Cornisgud,"The game the AI is playing appears to be really fun.Super clunky controlling the three. Ends up being a better strategy to send one to kill the AI's initial push then just use a fast one to manuver and score from there, allowing the attacker to die if they target him. So really you just play one every round it feels like.The AI jumps around passes midair seamlessly moving into their next formation and it's really fun to look at. Wish I could do it. Oh well..The game is gorgeous and the story has me interested, and it's definitely Supergianted in that there's immense attention to detail and the little things are cool. The core gameplay is just not that fun. Feels like a turn based system was suddenly told it needed to be real time. I guess that's ok cause there's really not a whole lot of it, or at least there's good expanses of time between each 'Rite' (the core gameplay).Maybe we're just wrong. Maybe the Rite isn't part of the core gameplay. I mean you spend far more time moving through chat boxes and being directed through the world than in any Rites.Another thing, it feels like this world map is something that you're intended to be able to move freely in, but you can't. Hovering over an area will even say ""You haven't been to this region of Downside yet"" but what's the relevance of that? I really haven't /been/ anywhere and I don't get to choose where I go, I just click a single box when it tells me to. Every now and then I'm provided an option of 2 boxes and one can give me a perk in the next rite, the other a sellable item at the camp of the next rite, but ultimately it's like, I am forced to click one of those, then I get a little dialogue + outcome, then I click the location of the next Rite.I wish I could just say ""..Eh.."" But I need to choose 'Yes' or 'No' on the recommendation."
,Recommended,462770,33805583,Posted: 26 July,all,Beabs,"Three for three.As Supergiant has done in the past, Pyre brings a unique and fast paced ""combat"" system (and sometimes frustrating, but in a good way) to a vast world showing so much, and also leaving so much to the imagination. You immediatly feel immersed in this world right as you begin playing, and start to learn little by little about it, as well as learning about so many dynamic characters along the way. There are so many layers to the gameplay, and meaningful decisions for both the story, and how it translates to the gameplay itself.The art is beautiful, the music is beautiful, the gameplay, characters, world, this game is just all around a beautiful game."
76561198029711846,Recommended,462770,33792607,Posted: 25 July,all,Neptar,Darren Korb :)
76561198064203806,Recommended,462770,34037844,Posted: 5 August,all,Assbepis,A visual novel with magic basketball gameplay that turns into an open world basketball rpg when you get to the end. Super Giant Games can do no wrong
,Recommended,462770,33813311,Posted: 26 July,all,Isomanic,"Just finished playing this game. Good small game/visual novel with awesome soundtracks.Pros:- Easy to understand gameplay- Very forgiving (you can restart the match as many times as you like)- Really casual- Good story- Cheap as ****Personal preferences:- Cool artworks- f***ing awesome sountracks- 10 hours of gameplay (No text skipping)- Different tones and moods overall (comparing to Bastion and Transistor)Cons:- Very low replay value (Applied to the first 2 previous installments as well)- A little bit tedious at the very end- Can be very boring if you don't like to read- Can't actually plan much about your team composition due to the story of the game- You will never be able to play as smooth or seamless as AI. You will rely mostly on inividual's power while AI will try to cooperate their teams to wreck havoc. Most of the time, you will win though.Overall, I love to read novels, and this game easily compelled me to see how things end. Love it.At last, when the stars align. The Rites shall come to bear. Again."
,Recommended,462770,33804901,Posted: 26 July,all,ＢＡＤ life decision,"An ensemble of good BGM, interesting gameplay and diverse characters, Pyre will give you one hell of an experience"
,Recommended,462770,33885670,Posted: 29 July,all,Calamity,"10/10 I've played every supergiant game but none has stuck me like this one has.In terms of playtime, it took me 3 hours to beat transistor, and 8 hours to beat this, take that as you will.The game deals remarkably well with the themes of freedom, toil, and sacrifice. Alot of the lessons the game directly or indirectly impart translate well to modern events, making it a facinating story to think on.The gameplay itself is smooth, the rites get harder as you prevail, and easier as you fail, I lost only one of the entire game. The dialogue after the loss did make it worth it however.The music is incredible, blending together and working well to set tension and emotion during different events of the story, best they've done so far.The story is fun and extensive, some people argue that the game is dialogue heavy, but the large majority of it is optional, although I do reccomend talking to the characters as much as you can to get what I got out of the game.The graphics are amazing, I've never seen graphics that fit so well with the story and mood of the game. The hand painted art style shines through in this game better than in any previous game.All in all, the best game supergiant has made by leaps and bounds, I look forward to their next."
,Recommended,462770,33806836,Posted: 26 July,all,[MM] WMan22,"Pyre is a fantastic visual novel with some interesting gameplay elements that contains a story with the motto of ""If we're gonna have cliches, might as well pick the best ones and make you care about the characters along the way."" The visual style as per usual of supergiant is unique and colorful, granted unlike bastion and transistor there weren't nearly as many ""I could use this as a desktop background it's so good"" moments.The gameplay in between the visual novel segments is like if you crossed Diablo with basketball, and it works surprisingly well.There is a versus mode after you complete the campaign that I'm positive would have been extremely successful had it online multiplayer capabilities, but alas, this was a huge missed opportunity since the foundation of what's here probably would have sparked an entire community, assuming they could keep up with the balancing and such. Perhaps that's why they didn't do it, however, as there are a lot of characters to balance in versus mode. At least you can play local multiplayer, but I don't really have anyone to do that with these days. I'm sure it's tense and fun though considering my experience with expert difficulty AI.Finally, the soundtrack. It's great. That being said, this game didn't have as many memorable tracks in it as bastion and transistor did, but there were a few that really stuck out. My favorites were ""In The Flame"", ""Thrash Pack"", and ""Downside Ballad"".In my opinion, this game is among the best I've played recently, though if you weren't already a fan of Supergiant like me despite how different this game is from the other games I'm not sure it'd sway people who didn't like bastion and transistor. After all, some people might be turned off by the fact that this is visual novel first and game second, but as someone who reads a lot of those anyway, I didn't mind."
,Recommended,462770,33820071,Posted: 26 July,all,Sharky [T],"Okay, I've just finished the game and I can say...""Wow, what a ride!""This game was a visual novel, mixed with a 3v3 fantasy sport and rpg elements. So there is a cycle of interacting, travelling,doing a rite and back to talking with your companions.I don't like visual novels at all. They're actually one of my ""don't show me this"" tags on Steam. But Pyre took this on another level, being an amazing Supergiant Games game. So I can say they did it again.The game was absolutely well-thought. The characters are really well developed and the story is absolutely mind-blowing. Graphics were top-notch, just like other Supergiant Games game, the music is a masterpiece composed by the great Darren Korb with some help from the talented singer Ashley Barrett again. Gameplay is heavily conducted with readings as you ARE LITERALLY THE READER.Rites are SUPER FUN. I've had so much fun trying out strategies, just like in the older games they did. It felt a little short though. There's a shop in the game, talent tree you can spend your points on, choices you can make while you travel, challenges for each character and other fun stuff you can do.If you are not a stupid dork, you will want to interact with the world around yourself. You look at things you collect throughout the world of Pyre. Everything you do in this game, makes some changes in the future. <spoiler> Even the music in the end changes. </spoiler>All in all. This game is an amazing experience for those who likes... Books. Feel free to hate on this game if you don't know how to read... If you bash on this game, you clearly have no idea about game design and/or you are not old enough to understand quality."
,Recommended,462770,33800485,Posted: 25 July,all,Musely,"Supergiant continues to hit it out of the park with their latest release and as always, their art direction is so stunning, I'm seeing stars. The story has a few tangles and weaves that hint at its depths, which I am happy to wrangle with until I reveal all the secrets in store. The gameplay itself seemed quite charming and a bit lackadaisical until I began to contend with foes who intended to give me a hard time: it became quite challenging and I look forward to what else they have for me. This game is turning out to be an excellent addition to their library and I can't wait to see what's next from Supergiant."
76561198068912412,Recommended,462770,33814520,Posted: 26 July,all,Blanke,"Holy mother of pearl.NOTICE: This game is mostly story. And when I say story, think a choose-your-own-adventure book that's a couple hundred pages long with a 3-on-3 basketball game that acts as some of the crossroads for the reader to partake in. If you have seen the trailer, or any other form of gameplay, and wish not for a 3-on-3 basketball-esque game that changes the outcome of the story, or simply don't like story games, please at least get the soundtrack to support these devs. It will be worth your money and your time, you seriously won't regret that.Alright, so I think i'll start my review on what I love about the game and work my way down to what I don't like about the game. I'll leave my rating of it at the end of the topic's summary on a 1/10 scale.-Music: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the music in this game. I love it in it's entirety, simply because there's so much to love about it. It speaks so much volume, not only for the characters, but for the gameplay, the world, for you. Hell (haHAA funee pun for what happens here), the music changes tone when it's a forgotten face's turn for dialogue, and back to that character's, and back again. It gives the characters so much more flavor, and they have a fair bit of flavor in themselves. There is even an entire song that tells what Pyre is about, it's the first song in the ost. Music very rarely gives me any feeling towards it other than enjoyment, but this? This gave me goosebumps, and i'm a frozen hearted individual so something like this is very, very rare. It rightfully deserves a 10/10.-Art Design: Um ok wow this game is beautiful. From the characters to the world, to the gameplay to, again, the characters. I actually am at a loss for words here. The game looks amazing. I give it a 9/10.-Story: The story in this game is superb. It doesn't give too much for what happens or what goes on, only enough for you to comprehend what is going on. I will abide by such logic and only tell you that the story is superb. 8/10.-Characters: I really like the characters that are in this game. No one in this game is truly an antagonist in this game (other than what you're fighting for and against, that's laid clear), they are simply misunderstood and are also wrongly guided in their motives, one of the characters that you receive shows how this is such. This game truly made me feel like a racist towards these characters, simply because of the way that the races are portrayed in this game. They are your simple mythical creatures, but what the devs has done was they made these characters some of my favorite, because these are how sentient creatures with reasonable comprehension and understanding are to be treated, not as their race's sterotype, but instead on that entity's wills and actions themselves. These characters are some of the best that I have seen in game, show, book and movie alike. 8/10.-Gameplay: The game might look like a fantasty style of basketball with a 3-on-3 team, but unfortunately in the early parts of the game, it'd be best to place a WII in that team, because you only need 1 active character for the Rites. Later on in the game, it certainly gets more challenging to the point where 2-3 is needed, but 3 is a rare number to be in need of. Legit the gameplay is too long and tedious to explain (in even low amount of detail) for me to detail, just imagine it as 3-on-3 basketball with a lot of special additives. But I will give the gameplay credit where it is due, it is a lot of fun and it feels entirely responsive, with each character being unique and actually useful. Along with, it helps progress the story in a lot of ways that I really like. I give the gameplay aspect a 7.5/10.-World: Ehhhhh. I remember reading in one of the reports from this game, I think the one where they said that they had a hole in their offices that acted as a gladiator ring that granted the victor whatever game they wished to make that Pyre would have the largest world in out of Transistor and Bastion. I guess it is? When we take a look at gameplay aspect, there isn't much to play here with, and neither much to interact with. If we're talking lore-wise, then I guess it is. Unfortunately I do have to rate this a 6/10, but only because that there isn't much in the way of interactability. Seriously though don't get me wrong, the world is beautiful, just not large in the way of gameplay.-Items: I was debating this being ""Items and Events"" but the events always reward some mediocre item or some good upgrade materials, so it just fuses back into Items. Where do I begin? Oh right, the items mid-late game suck. That's a pretty good place to start. Early game, items from the shop serve a very good purpose on your quest, but once you get the orb (for your caravan), don't bother spending your Sol on any of the trinkets, it doesn't come to value with what items you can obtain from the orb. Only spend what little Sol you have on upgrade dust. It seriously just doesn't seem right, when Ron is trying his hardest with items that genuinely are really good, but the items you get from the orb (that are character specific mind you, and there is only 1 item per character and one character per race) are beyond amazing. Just seems like wasted coding. 3.5/10.-Overall: My overall enjoyment with Pyre has been enough where I will come back for the versus. I wish not to spend another 12-16 hours of my time for a story that is still fresh in my mind, and truthfully most dearest to my heart. I will enjoy the versus though, enough for many hours to come of it. My rating of Pyre is a 9/10. This game takes your money, and gives you so much more than what it costs. Sure, it comes from the company behind Transistor and Bastion and people have viewed it as a letdown for them because of the gameplay and the way the story is presented, but damn, give the game a chance, without any expectations, and you'll come to enjoy it like I have."
76561197966493648,Recommended,462770,33817193,Posted: 26 July,all,Sammeh,There are other places out there for more comprehensive reviews so I'll keep it simple.Do I enjoy playing Pyre? Yes.Would I recommend it? Absolutely.Is it inherently different from Supergiants previous two games? Also yes.Will you enjoy playing it? Maybe.And now I'm back to some Pyre'n.
76561198385289476,Recommended,462770,33823712,Posted: 26 July,all,oak nuggins,A very story driven game and the music/artstyle is fantastic. One of my favorite games to date!
76561198067697170,Recommended,462770,33949728,Posted: 1 August,all,• ✪ s ɪ ɢ ᴍ ᴀ ✪ •,"An amazing journey filled with a cast of interesting characters accompanied by an inspiring and original soundtrack.A story about friendship, family and a common cause that leads to a bittersweet and satisfactory ending.The twists and turns the story takes keeps you interested to the very end and I do feel that Supergiant Games have crafted something truly special here.Do not get discouraged by tons of text as the game eventually opens up to a lot more choice and control.Glory to the Nightwings!"
,Recommended,462770,34180405,Posted: 11 August,all,status: blaspheming,"Stamped with the Supergiant Games aesthetic but, at the same time, a noticeably experimental departure from (their own) form. Stabbed me in the heart. Alas, no NG+, but I can see why they made that decision."
,Recommended,462770,34002590,Posted: 3 August,all,Egbert Snafflecopter,"Pyre is a game in which you play matches of Orb-ball in order to escape from magic Australia.I enjoyed Pyre, and I definitely recommend it, because it works for the price.  However, I must say that as an overall experience, it might be my least favorite Supergiant game to date.In depth review of individual categories to follow after the break, but the TLDR version is: The lore feels incredibly rich, but actual gameplay and main storyline didn't, and the soundtrack felt like the weakest of the three games.______________________________________Art: Rich and distinctive, when it's not being covered by dialogue boxes or particle effects. It lent itself well to the world's distinct feel, but served primarily as a background rather than something to be interacted with in most cases.Lore: Along with the characters, easily my favorite aspect of the game. Not only was the world genuinely interesting, its history played a big part in art, gameplay, music, and main story of the game. The use of meta-text in the dialogue and the fact that you unlocked lore based on your interaction with the world and storyline made it feel very organic and immersive to learn as your character learned.Characters: Genuinely interesting characters I could empathize with. More than once in the game I found myself trying to make decisions based on what was best for my characters, rather than any strategic benefit. You’ll even start to develop strong feelings towards some the groups you’re forced to compete against, rather than just seeing them as color coded factions.Gameplay: Each match, in the moment, is fun and well-paced.  Over the course of the game though, the act of just playing so many similar matches back to back becomes tedious.  The game itself is aware of this, and does its best to pace the story around that weakness. The only real problem lies in the replayability.  Due to the nature of the choices you have to make in the game, it begs to be played through more than once. The prospect of replaying through another 30 or so fairly similar matches for each new play-through makes me in no hurry to do so.Main Storyline: Its main strength is that it ties well into the world’s fantastic lore. As a plot itself though, it’s pretty predictable once it gets going and not terribly interesting. The nature of the game means that the ending feels more like an 80’s movie “Where are they now” credits montage than a satisfying ending.Music: This one is incredibly subjective given it’s based on personal taste, but I just didn’t get nearly the same emotional impact from Pyre’s soundtrack that I did from Transistor or Bastion. And what the hell was up with that piecemeal, dull, and drawn out song over the credits? It’s still a better soundtrack than the average game, but it earns a solid “meh” in comparison to Supergiant’s previous work."
76561198047797975,Recommended,462770,34008682,Posted: 3 August,all,The Almighty Scryfish,"Stunning world, interesting characters, and in depth gameplay.  Another home run for Supergiant.  Logan Cunningham in particular continues to demonstrate that he has an immense range beyond quiet and grizzled and seems to be having a blast."
76561198055017547,Recommended,462770,34026049,Posted: 4 August,all,Kasiornis,"Okay, first thing first - this is NOT an RPG no matter what devs claim, so if you was looking for the same Bastion\Transistor experience - you won't get it here. This game is perfect example of Visual Novel genre with some RPG elements and somewhat difficult mini-game called The Rites.But apart from that the game has some pros, and here they are:+ A really good written and interesting story, which will keep on giving you new stuff from time to time.+ As part of that - interesting characters, so far that while pursuing your quest for liberty you may want to lose on purpose to give your enemy his freedom instead of yourself.+ Also nice soundtrack made with love and care, as always Supergiant did before.+ SUDDENLY replaybility. You can't solve all the problems in one run, so you have to choose and by doing so - the story will be slightly different each time.Overall a nice and interesting experience which you will definitely not forget soon."
76561197995341672,Recommended,462770,34367701,Posted: 20 August,all,sbkMulletMan,"Supergiant took a significant risk with this game's unique mechanics.  New innovation is always a risk because its unfamiliarity may confuse people, and turn them away from a product, but I feel all details regarding Pyre's identity have already been detailed best by TotalBiscuit during his numerous videos covering the game.For me personally, strong narrative with an emphasis on memorable characters with impactful personalities are the things I love most in games, and Supergiant have surpassed their previous accomplishments in this regard.  Bastion and Transistor were also memorable, and emotionally impactful, but Pyre is even more outstanding due to its wider, ensemble cast.  What stands out the most, however, is that this time the characters and writing are more than just emotional sentiment.  In Pyre, the connections you form between your comrades, or adversaries, can directly influence the mechanics of the game, beyond the sport segments of ""dunk the ball into the fire"".You as a player (or ""The Reader"") serve as an actual character in the game, and how you feel toward others can shape how the game's narrative and ""liberating"" mechanics develope.  Your choices matter.  Without revealing crucial elements to the story, liberating a character can force you to change your game tactics entirely, and defeat can hinder your desired outcome of the story, or perhaps utterly ruin what would have been a moment of triumph for one of your favorite allies.  The latter makes moments of victory feel that much more satisfying.It is so difficult for me to describe the writing without sounding pretentious, but I have seen too many games where their definition of ""depth"" and ""story"" is to just prattle on tirelessly, spewing out one long-winded speech after another about the same, old tired cliches we've seen time and time again, but Pyre knows how to reel that back.  They deliver not too much, and not too little, and everything is eloquently presented.  The phrase ""easy to digest"" is often used to describe the narrative portions of the game, which is an apt description, and it is all optional.If one desires to skip passed the choose-your-own adventure novel portions, or not read the lore presented within the book, they are freely able to do so.  However, if one wishes to indulge in the game's writings, they are also free to do so at their leisure.  With that being said, Pyre also becomes a bit ""meta"", without overdoing it.And I, obviously, enjoy a good read.  I can appreciate the story's promotion of literacy, especially in this age of people feeling panic or frustration whenever they have to read anything longer than your average twitter post.  In that sense, this very review became a bit ""meta"", hopefully without overdoing it.  Clearly, Pyre has left a lasting effect on me, for which I am grateful.And one, final sentiment that I feel compelled to share: Ti'zo may very well be the sweetest, most genuinely lovable character I have ever encountered in a video game.Thank you, Supergiant, for the third time."
76561198053652741,Recommended,462770,33927057,Posted: 31 July,all,Vending Machine,"I'll try to make a quick rundown without much spoilers.Soundtrack:Fantastic. As expected of Darren Korb. It's even better than Bastion and Transistor.Gameplay:Personally I really enjoyed the gameplay, however I can understand that it might not be for everyone. ""Party-based RPG"" is kinda misleading, to be honest. It's more like of visual novel-type story coupled with fast-paced sports game.Story:Great. The pacing is strong and it doesn't leave you in stagnation. Variety of choices is insane and basically anything affects at least few dialogues.I really enjoyed characters, both party members and enemies are likeable. I find it to be one of the strongest points of the game. I got really attached to them. All enemies having their own theme music helps.My favorite enemy gotta beManley. His music theme is absolutely fantastic."
,Recommended,462770,33942584,Posted: 31 July,all,Armani,"Fundementally a masterpiece.I bought this two days before its release. I admit, I am biased. SuperGiant gave me Bastion, and Transitor - both games that I used to prop me up when I was feeling at my most low. So damn me to hell, I would have given them $20 for Bad Rats 3 the Awakening. It wouldn't have mattered to me.That being said, this Studio delivered not only anouther game that warms your heart, and challenges your fingers - but a soundtrack that literally is in the top of its class. I left the game on for 30 minutes on full blast just to relax to its music.So, your interested in purchasing the game are you? Lets see if I can help you make a decision.To its credit, the music in the game is fantastic. The voice acting (if you call gibberish voice acting) is also equally lovely. Your ears will very easily be delighted. Thats not even mentioning that its just outright gorgous. From a look and feel standpoint, 10/10 all around - I'm no artist, but I enjoyed this way more than any museum I've ever been in.That being said, the actual gameplay is somewhat few and far between here. The best way to summarize the game - accurately and without bias - is to say it is somewhat a visual novel, with a sports game as the base.The story - the visual novel aspect - requires you to read. A lot. And its broken up so that long narrative sequences play out as you travel the world, make decisions, and settle into camp. Its frankly delightful if you enjoy reading as a personal past-time. You will not be able to make every choice, but the choices you do make are personal and have deeply significant impacts on your party and their ability to compete in the rites. You will have to infer much of the plot, or gather it yourself - it will not be explictly told to you.The rites themselves are the game, in a nutshell. The maps are varied, and your teammates have a wide range of abilities. That being said, it depends heavily on the choices you make and the game itself is tight and extremely fun to play. It vaguely reminds me of magical football in a sense and the videos up top give a good indicator of what its like. To be frank, I could play it for hours - it has a charm that doesn't get repetitive and you have a lot of customization built in. Win or Lose, you must continue onward - the game saves automatically and you cannot reload lost games. Rites are also generally major plot points, so there are less frequent than you would expect.All in all, would I recommend this game? Absolutely. I plan on playing it for at least 20 hours, and then replaying it again at least once. Cost per hour, it comes out to about $0.50 per hour, if my estimation of the lenght of the story is accurate.But even if it wasn't a good value proposition, I admit I'd still buy it knowing what I do. I have no regrets related to this purchase, and I enjoy every minute of it."
,Recommended,462770,33814836,Posted: 26 July,all,NanoSombrero,Another great game from Supergiant Games!
,Recommended,462770,33807396,Posted: 26 July,all,Sleepy Sheepy,"what the ♥♥♥♥ is thisno really what the ♥♥♥♥ like when I played transistor from bastion, I said yeah that makes senseplayed this, and I gotta say you guys have to be on something great and I love itI mean I love it, I dont understand this game at all and it feels like a giant nba fever dream, and I keep getting snarky comments from a talking dog, then a ghost straightens out the talking dog and jesus christ my head10/10/10 ♥♥♥♥ing perfect its like 2k17 but with better art and actual storyGET SLAMMED ON YOU ♥♥♥♥ING SNAIL WITCHthis comment I just said above makes sense I swear♥♥♥♥ me"
,Recommended,462770,33958219,Posted: 1 August,all,AssassinGlasgow,"Pyre has some of the same elements of what makes a Supergiant Games' game great. It has an engaging narrative, a beautiful world, and fantastic music. Its gameplay offers something fun to play with while also utilizing clever design. And yet, it is also something more. Pyre is truly their most ambitious game to date, as well as something that stands on its own separated from both Transistor and Bastion. It represents what I believe is an evolution for this developer and their capabilities to craft unique game experiences.While Pyre plays in a similar isometric style, its gameplay takes a different turn from Transistor and Bastion in that now it involves what is essentially a giant game of cosmic basketball. You control three Exiles who act like teammates as well as one in order to slam dunk an orb to victory. I don't normally play sports games, as I don't find it very interesting, but Pyre was able to twist the concept of the sports game into something that was strategically stimulating as well as incredibly fast paced (many matches don't last more than maybe 15 or so minutes). The variety of Exiles that you can put on your team of three also offers different gameplay elements that allow you to come up with new strategies to win. In my playthrough, I essentially had Rukey be my ace and speed through enemy lines to score. As you go through what are essentially the final trials to free your Exiles, you may end up losing a member of your party. As your numbers dwindle, your strategies for how you play will also begin to change, which I thought was a good way to force the player mix things up.The narrative in Pyre also differs from their previous games in that, rather than utilizing Logan Cunningham's voice to guide the story, with little dialogue from the characters themselves, this game is rather heavy in developing the characters through dialogue. In fact, Logan is used very sparingly, and the voiced parts in this game are mostly a fictional language called Sahrian. This direction is much akin to a visual novel, so there is a lot of reading involved. If you aren't into that, this may not be a game for you, unfortunately. I thought this aspect was neat, as it melded well with the party-based RPG aspects present, as you can level up your character and subsequently learn their history and why they were banished. Furthermore, they give more interaction to the player in this visual novel like setting, allowing you (you're actually a character in this game) to pick what you would say and how you would say it.A big aspect of this game is the idea that failure is not the end. It's actually a running theme throughout the plot of Pyre, and actually gets worked into the story. The idea of fail states not existing is not something new in games, but how Supergiant weaves it into the narrative is what makes this exceptional. It's used as a learning opportunity, and that while there are struggles, the end is what counts. Thankfully, the journey gives us a wonderful cast of characters that I came to learn and care about, and so while I myself suffered stinging losses, I worked hard to ensure my Exiles had the end they deserved.I could go on and on about the art and music, but I seriously think this is their prettiest game to date and the music is superb. Top marks on both areas. The writing is also excellent, written in a somewhat Old English style. It's not quite Shakespearean, but something you might hear in a period piece. Each character has a unique voice, which is vital if you are writing anything text heavy. The world is also incredibly heavy on lore, with tiny pieces scattered about, sometimes in item descriptions themselves much like Dark Souls.If I were to give this any cons it's that it does sort of lose steam a little bit halfway through, after the first Liberation Rite. You have to go through the cycle again and play all the Rites going to that final Rite, so it becomes slightly tedious. However, once things pick up, they really pick up, and it became less tedious as the goal shifted. But that middle part feeling long-winded did slow my journey for a bit, as it felt like it lengthened the story longer than it should have.Overall, Pyre was incredibly enjoyable, and as someone who waited for a few years for this game, this lived up to the hype. Don't expect another Bastion and Transistor, but instead look into it as proof of the studio evolving and trying new things. This studio has ambition, and I think that they will continue to make unique titles that will strengthen their abilities as a developer and their capability to deliver something fantastic."
76561198061603661,Recommended,462770,34818332,Posted: 8 September,all,Drago,"Greate Game, greate Character, greate Narrator.Had a lot of fun playing this game. To learn about the past of my companions and about the world.The only problem with this game was (for me) the difficulty in the end.The battles in the end were more about to find out how to trick the enemies AI, than playing a good strategy. The AI reacts faster than any human could and you quick loose any survey of the situation.But till that point it was an greate experience."
,Recommended,462770,34793161,Posted: 7 September,all,Tay,"Ok first of, I had high hopes for this game as they did amazing with Transistor. I was not disappointed in the slightest.The visuals, the audio, the dialogue, the characters, the story, everything is spot on and well done. It's one of my favorite games along side Transistor.The developers did an amazing job on this game. Will definitely play through multiple times.Though the combat system can be a little frustrating to handle when it comes to different playstyles of the characters."
,Recommended,462770,34623048,Posted: 30 August,all,Cream~,"Wickedly fun innovative combat system, story driven, and it's an RPG, what's not to love"
76561198077964931,Recommended,462770,35231337,Posted: 26 September,all,Carennocence,"Pyre is not for everyone, mostly because it sits within a weird genre between RPG and sports, and if you don't like the idea of playing something that challenges your notions of what to expect from a certain type of game, probably don't try Pyre. Furthermore, if you don't like lore, or reading dialogue, Pyre is not really for you. Despite Supergiant's track record of making games with stellar narrators and bursting with combat, Pyre is different, and as it should be. It took me 14 hours to beat this game, not because it's a really long game. It's because I took the time to try and see all the world of Pyre could offer me, this means reading the whole Book of Rites and character bios, not skipping dialogue and taking time to practice team compositions before playing against real triumvirates. Pyre is a game that requires effort from you, the player, to read into the world and challenge yourself. Because you can CHANGE THE DIFFICULTY AT ANY TIME. Nothing is going to stop you from finishing the game but yourself. So if you're still with me, go play Pyre, it's a 10/10 and there's nothing else quite like it."
76561198000852812,Recommended,462770,35324889,Posted: 29 September,all,Rahzum,"Pyre's an odd duck. A visual novel crossed with a basketball simulator. The art is beautiful, the story is enrapturing, and then world is massive and scary.But the actual 'game' part feels clunky and unintuitive. You can only control one of your three players at a time, so actually making forward plays feels tilted and harder than it should be. Would have been better turn based or RTS style, but it is what it is.""It's no Bastion."""
,Recommended,462770,35262492,Posted: 28 September,all,doctor stabulous,"One of the best journeys I've taken. Supergiant Games continues to hit it out of the park - excellent characters and plot framing makes this a journey where you'll have to make tough choices and decide for yourself just what true freedom is to you. Supergiant hallmarks like deep lore, their art style and Darren Korb's music all return - just look at any of the trailers! I'd highly recommend this if you want a story-driven experience with all of Supergiant's special flavor, it's completely worth it."
76561198043947635,Recommended,462770,34313164,Posted: 17 August,all,Kamui,"Another incredible game from Supergiant, it is an entirely different genre again but it still has the stellar aesthetic and sound track you have come to expect.I pirated the game and completed it but naturely I had to buy it on steam when I could, they earned my money"
,Recommended,462770,33796187,Posted: 25 July,all,William Cross,"Game is good. Play game. YisIn all seriousness, this is a Supergiant game. At the very least it's gonna be intriguing. I thought I'd hate the core gameplay loop but I actually absolutely adore it and I am now sad that it doesn't have online multiplayer. The story is filled with rich lore, every frame is a painting...yeah, it's a Supergiant game."
76561198058879084,Recommended,462770,33796204,Posted: 25 July,all,Jellybean,"It's supergiant games, so expect the usual. Fantastic unique world design, gorgeous art, godlike soundtrack, compelling story, interesting characters and addictive gameplay. Just like their previous games they knock it out of the park. They make this look easy and its amazing how each new game they make feels better than the last. The next game I'm pre-ordering blind."
,Recommended,462770,33799144,Posted: 25 July,all,TheLaw,So ive played around 9 hours of this with only a few minor issues as of launch.Its more then playable!Pros-Great music-Great voiceing when it is there-Good gameplay-Beautifull artwork/graficsCons-ALOT of reading because most of the game is not voiced!-After 9 hours of straight play i begane to lose fun in the story telling because its so much reading but normally you would not play 9 hours straight.Overal a 9.8/10 from me!
,Recommended,462770,33803272,Posted: 26 July,all,Squilliam Fancyson,"Just finished first playthrough, highly reccommend if you are a fan of Bastion and Transistor. Be warned this game is far more story driven with less focus on gameplay, which can lead to it becoming monotonous if you don't enjoy it at it's core."
,Recommended,462770,34315516,Posted: 17 August,all,facedancer,"Commonwealth is a fantasy land where you can get a life sentence for stuff like terrorism, war crimes, literacy or having no family. Exiled into the dark Downside, your only chance at freedom and absolution is to collect a team and win a game of magical football.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1113604388Well, that's about it. The game is a mix of interactive novel and sports, quite a new experience from Supergiant. On the other hand, you get all the good stuff: the sense of fleeting beauty, longing and desperation, music that is a vital part of the game and changes along, breathtaking visuals. But the best thing so far is the characters: your teammates and opponents have their personalities and agenda, and the more you get to know them, the more their history is revealed. Both your wins and losses progress the narrative in a very natural way, the relationships between the charaters develop, and you get to make some hard choices.I found the beginning of the game to be a bit slow-moving, with some empty dialogue and little meaningful interactions, but that changed for the better. The action itself can become a bit repetitive, but the diversity of charaters and an urge to change things up from time to time barely fixes that problem. The world was a bit too heavy on lore, but that one's completely optional.I also found myself not caring too much about the “big picture” of the game mission, and getting overly attached to particular characters. I'd say overall music, action and emotional impact worked better in Transistor.Pyre is beautifully made, with plot variability and nice replay value, and full of living creatures of all shapes to get your sympathy, compassion, hatred, disgust, admiration — anything except indifference."
,Recommended,462770,33854379,Posted: 28 July,all,Outback-Zero,"This game is Beautifully constucted, with a rich story. The Character you see throughout Pyre has otherwise a rich background and tell there own little stories to accodate this game, the music went so well the game and fit the whole exiled theme of the game. The is also aesthetically pleasing game to look at and the game mechanics even it being occasionally touchy (though i think it was just me not playin the game right) its great. The descion making in the end was   as great as the rest of its parts and if bieng honest made me misty eyed more than a couple of times. I recommend this game SuperGiants really did do an awsome job on Pyre."
76561198170687270,Recommended,462770,33797061,Posted: 25 July,all,Whiteshard,"When I read a book, I deem it good based on how it impacts me. Like a good book, that you simply cannot put down, Pyre enchants me in a mysterious way, it has an essence that pushes me on to see what lies ahead in the journey of our heroes.I liked Bastion a lot, and I love Transistor even more. So the expectations were high. So  far, Pyre has lived up to these expectations and more.Beautiful graphics aside, the game boasts a phenomenal soundtrack, which is as expected, and an interesting and challenging gameplay in the form of the Rites. Unique characters and a compelling story drives the player forward onto uncovering the stories of the characters and the story of the game itself.Update :After completing the story, few thoughts come to mind. What would have been different, had our heroes chosen a different path in life? Maybe we would have never gotten together to go on this incredible journey to find our freedom.Certain aspects of the story lingers even after finishing the game, just like when you may go back to read the last few pages of that last good book you read over and over again. From here on, there's only a few options that remain. Either you find another venture that's just as enticing, or you simply sit tight and jump back on the same one once again. There are only a handful of games that have left me with such a lingering impression, and I am happy that Supergiant Games' latest work of art has managed to attain a position in that list.Pyre is a truly wonderful experience, a journey that I will, from the bottom of my heart recommend."
76561198052071149,Recommended,462770,34348192,Posted: 19 August,all,Trojanbp,Pyre is very different from Bastian and Transistor but is still of the same high quality. The writing is top notch and the world building and characters are fantastic. You'll probably spend 40% of your time actually playing the rites and the rest interacting with characters and going through the story as a visual novel. Not many will enjoy the reading but for me the characters were so well voiced (though they don't speak English) and written that I loved whenever I had the chance to talk to them. The music is phenomenal as expected and every character or group of characters have their own theme.This is a must buy if you love fantasy settings and enjoy Supergiant games.
,Not Recommended,462770,33836929,Posted: 27 July,all,Iwatooshi,Overall really boring and too repetitive. Felt really dissatisfied after completing.
,Not Recommended,462770,34368324,Posted: 20 August,all,Godhand12,"As always Supergiant does a great job when it comes to music, story driven gameplay, and art style. But, I unfortunately have to say that in terms of the total gameplay, this has to be the worst game yet. It gets very repetitive and frustrating. I basically rushed through the end because I was tired of having to read through everything, and listen to rites start over and over again. There are too many mechanics that you can't play around for such a descision based game. Losing exiles was a super interesting mechanic that made you decide between, story and a solid team, but after having to do it a number of times it feels impossible to get something good out of either. Your team becomes weak and you just hope you can salvage some story from them. Most of the difficulty increases don't add much to the game other than flat number increases, which either makes the game unplayable, or does nothing. I often felt frustrated cause of difficulty, or simply ok with the game, because the rites didn't have any real challenge."
76561198035598326,Recommended,462770,33812623,Posted: 26 July,all,TurtleRockin,"---My Personal Experience and Feelings of Pyre and SuperGiant1. SuperGiant is by far one of the best game makers in my life-time.2. I played this game once through with few breaks for food and the bathroom.3. I called into work so I could atleast play through once on the day it was released.----Why I recommend this game to you1. If you long for a game that pulls you in and has you lose track of time2. If you long for the days when games were more than just start to finish3. If you want to feel as if you have real control of the world you are playing in4. If you have played any of their previous games and found yourself with a smile just listening to the credit music remembering your time played5. If you want to care about the characters of your game and actually see them as more than one perspective6. If you ever had to make choices in life that you still live with to this day and wonder ""what if""7. If you find sound and music to be a big thing missing in most games8. If you ever felt lost in your world and know what its like to finally call someone, friend9. If you believe that this world is s**t, but that doesn't mean everyone is bound to do evil10. If you just understand...If any of these apply to you even just one then I would highly recommend this gameYOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED WITH YOUR PURCHASE! If atleast one of these apply to you, more so than just a fleeting feeling.(If you are then I might be willing to pay you the money back if you really gave it a fair try)"
,Not Recommended,462770,34492102,Posted: 25 August,all,inverse404,"I just really wanted to like this game, as I am a great fan of the dev's earlier 2 titles.But in essence I just can't go through the pain to play this any further.While mini-sports game that is the main game mechanic part seems to have potentialin the beginning it later turns out to be just one lame annoying piece of vs. AI ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Pro:- Great interesting characters- outstanding beautiful graphicsCons:- The main event sport game mechanic soon turns out to be no more than a lameplay vs. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t AI annoyance- The story while it always seems so promising simply doesn't ever really pick up,it just so often feels like a random wall of text that just needs to be clicked away.Very sorry, this game start out with so much promise.Yet soon thereafter it grinds down to an annoying chore to play."
,Not Recommended,462770,34510903,Posted: 26 August,all,Xearo,"Pyre is... different. It's not like any other game you've played. Unless you play a weird combination of hockey, rugby and basketball. It's a mostly story-driven RPG. You play as a 'reader', someone who can... read. It's your job to direct a ragtag bunch of pseudo-criminals to their redemption. You do this by winning rites, which are some bizarre sports game where you use your abilities (different for each character) to score points by getting a flame ball in a goal-hoop. It's odd.Pros:- Beautiful. Music and art-wise, absolutely stunning. Which you'd expect from this team.- Interesting world/lore- It's... different?- I've heard the story ending is great, but from what I've experienced in my 5hrs I'm just going to have to give other reviewers the benefit of the doubt there.Cons:- Just not fun. The 'combat' rites are a weird juggling act, as you can only control one of your 3 characters at a time. You end up with a relatively large roster of characters to choose from, but you'll likely only use 3-4.- The characters are mostly really boring. You've got 'nice guy', 'tough nice guy', 'weird guy' etc etc. Nothing new or engaging.- The story itself is odd. It's mostly following some mysterious dude around for the first 4-5hrs. You're facing off against some other groups of dudes - who have been playing this game of celestial hockfootby for ages to blah blah blah blah.- I feel like this needs re-iterating: it's not fun. If you play games for fun, you will almost certainly not enjoy this game. Some may think this is unfair as I've only played 5 hours of the game as I write this review, but I think 5 hours to decide if the game is actually *fun* is more than ample. If I have to wait until after 5 hours for the story to get engaging, the characters to improve or the gameplay to be enjoyable then something is very wrong with the game.EDIT: Just a disclaimer that I thought was a bit obvious: ""fun"" is clearly subjective. If you can enjoy a game based solely on the music, art and lore then this is a game for you. Someone suggested turning the difficulty down to skip through the 'combat' sections, which I think is a great idea. I didn't find the story engaging, but maybe you will."
76561198049730245,Recommended,462770,33794176,Posted: 25 July,all,Kraj of the Mimics,"Having beaten this game at lastthe gameplay still isn't for everyone as an arpg sports game thing. . .but so far its not really felt like the sports game people call it, it feels almost like some rts and a simplified one at that.some say its almost like a moba in a way and I can kinda see that (I'm not a big sports or moba fan, but there are a few I'd play)I ended up really liking the gameplaythe characters have been interesting to me, and how they handle different characters is neatwhile again its not for everyone, its a game that has a good chance of being fun even if you might not think you'll like it.but just in caseI'd say around 2 hours is enough to get a feel of if you'd like the game enough to keep playing or want to just drop it altogether, for those unsure if they really want it.however there is a lot more introduced after the 2 hour mark, I was getting new things even after that, but its still a good mark on whether you'll enjoy the game or notthe music is pretty neat, the art has its charms.game is a decent length, took me about 12 hours.its may not be the absolute best of supergiant's games, but its not all that far from the rest."
76561197994062010,Not Recommended,462770,33804600,Posted: 26 July,all,Isseus,"Don't be fooled with what you'd expect from SSG after Bastion and Transistor. This is not an engaging action-RPG. This is a real-time basketball simulator wrapped inside a visual novel. The rest of the game is a coaching simulator where you equip and train your teams skills with shallow skill trees and even shallower bonus items that give passive blanket stats or +% to some action. Where is the genius of combining different () from transistor for amazing new effects? Where are the weapon upgrades that changed your whole gameplay in Bastion? Worst of all, the actual ""game"" part is a basketball match every now and then. 90% of the game is... ugh... ""story"".Don't get me wrong, the world, the aesthetic, the characters, they are all interesting, but this is NOT a game. It's a VISUAL NOVEL. The dialogue is... nice, but 99% of the time it's generic and cliche-ridden, consisting mostly of one-liners and reactions to what others say instead of actual dialogue. The dialogue is spread so unbelievably thin that you end up exhanging a few words with your crewmates every few DAYS. Sometimes it takes them several areas to actually answer something you asked from them!The world is mysterious, where mysterious means ""let's keep throwing random stuff at you and hope you'll care enough to figure out what's actually relevant to the story and what is just extra fluff."" Fluff is meant to make the world more vibrant and interesting, not more random and weird. SSG has done this a bit in its previous games where they leave much of the world up for debate. Unlike their first two games, though, this time it feels they just tried to slap weird things together to make things more mysterious. Just like how Nier:Automata did. Some might enjoy this kind of a setting, but for me, it just became a chore to even try and care after a while.The game is also completely linear, exactly like Final Fantasy 13. You're in a tube that goes from the start of the game to finish, you can sometimes choose from two or three ""routes"" that basically give you a different bonus item, then you just keep on rolling with your funnily animated wagon.tl;drIt's a Western version of a Japanese visual novel game, where the story moves at the speed of a glacier, where randomness is thrown at you to be more exotic and where the core gameplay loop is a repetitive and boring game of basketball."
,Not Recommended,462770,33829057,Posted: 27 July,all,MrHrulgin,"THERE WILL BE MILD SPOILERSFirst off, I loved Bastion and Transistor to bits, so I was really looking forward to another Supergiant game. I've played through each of them multiple times, and was looking forward to more of the deep combat complexity that showed up in the prior games. With Pyre I played it to completion, and it was ok, but I don't recommend it.The storyline is functional, but it doesn't feel like the writers did anything to make it more interesting than just having a goal and slogging through 10 hours of gameplay to get to the end. I was fond of the characters, one and all, and I was a bit sad when the first one left. After that it was both clear that the rest of the game was to give them up one after another, and that is what they wanted, so there was no conflict or interest in the action.Combat-wise, there was really no reason to care about one character over another. You have the fast ones, the medium ones and the slow ones, and there's not a ton of reason to care for one over another. Their abilities make them unique-ish, but the same strategies work across everyone of a similar speed. As such, there's no need to get attached to your ""best fighter"" because there is no such thing. The speed of combat and the softness of the controls combined with a bit of stickyness on the edges of barriers made it more important to stick with simpler strategies. I did appreciate that fighters not in a match got a boost to future xp gains, as it did make it much easier to keep people balanced. However, on the default difficulty I was able to max out all characters level without ever needing the ""Titan Stars"" (Pyre's version of the challenge/xp boost mechanic seen in both Bastion and Transistor.The combat was the thing that kept this feeling like a slog for all 10 hours. You get minimal variation in your 8 fighters, and you're fighting 8 classes of enemies exactly modeled on your own fighters, so there's never until the last fight or two anything of interest to change things up. You go back to the same areas repeatedly to fight the same teams again to advance the plot some more, but you're always fighting the same folks that you trounced before, just with higher stat numbers and a new passive ability that changes things very little.The abilities and equipment also rarely felt consequential. The bonuses are often quite small and rarely change the basic nature of the situation. ""Oh! Now my shotgun blast is wider! How amazing!"" Compared to Transistor's deep ability system with remarkable changes depending on your layout, the variations and upgrades are flat and uninteresting.Replayability really depends on how much you want to play another 10 hours of it to get another round of ""Here's where they are now"" as a text dump at the end of the game. Who escapes to the surface can be endlessly variable, with presumably a huge number of potential results. There is NO WAY I'm playing through another 10 hours of flat combat and long unskippable voiceovers to find out that things went slightly different if I saved a different set.I played it to the end. I don't recommend anyone else do so. If you want to feel how it goes, buy it and play the first combat. Then uninstall it and get your money back. You'll get 90% of the fun I got out of it, and you'll save 10 hours and $20."
,Not Recommended,462770,34364521,Posted: 19 August,all,Operator,"I stuck with the game for ~13 hours thinking thinking that it would eventually change, but it didn't. It just continued the same loop over and over again without any variety. The entirety of the gameplay can be experienced within the first few hours of play... I wish I could have my money back. I'm really disappointed in this game.Supergiant did a good job building a unique universe with colorful characters, but the nature of the game becomes stale and repetitive very quickly. I loved what they did with Transistor, but I cannot recommend Pyre at all.There is also a music bug, and the framerate drops at intermittently."
,Not Recommended,462770,34446902,Posted: 23 August,all,Beeps,"I admire that SuperGiant games dives headfirst into all their projects by embracing unconventional ideas wholeheartedly, and giving them the distinct sense of polish they need to shine. It's too bad this unconventional idea is kind of an awful one, and one that gets beaten worse than the deadest horse you know. Pyre is pretty much entirely carried by it's visuals. Nothing except the AI is outright awful, but it's an extremely mediocre experience that is dragged out as much as you could concievably imagine.The battle system is a deathmatch-style 3-on-3 basketball match, where the player controls one character at a time, and aims to get an orb inside the opponent's pyre. The first few hours of the game are laughably easy, no matter what difficulty you play on, because the AI is complete garbage and is completely unprepared for the myriad of extremely fast characters you have. You will blaze through these matches, possibly without knowing some of the core concepts, because bafflingly, this game has tutorials that both do not require you to show what you have learned, and that are unskippable. After the easy first few hours wear down, the game starts getting somewhat serious, and that's when the battle system completely falls apart.You see, the person carrying the orb--essentially, the basketball--cannot make attacks, and is defenseless. This means that even the quickest characters will not be able to break through a defensive threesome because they can wall up and shoot you down once you get close to the pyre. The key then, is to eliminate some of the enemies, so that you can exploit their openings before they respawn. The issue is that later in the game your enemies will have such a fast respawn time that it is practically impossible to exploit the opening--I'm seriously talking less than 1 second. Meanwhile, your own characters, unless you seriously buffed them up, will usually have 3-6 second respawn times. This leads to an extremely boring, lengthy, defensive game, where you cannot afford to lose any of your players, so you wall up and shoot aimlessly until the braindead computer decides to give you a break and dives two or more enemies straight into your aura.To clarify--I am not saying this game is too difficult. If anything, it's incredibly easy, because the AI is completely laughable. It will constantly run into walls, stand still and tank aura shots, get baited half way across the map, etc. I'm saying the game is extremely tedious, because not only can you only reliably score points in a rarity of situations, but.....the entire game is just this. You can literally experience the entirety of the game in 2 hours. There's no real interesting mix ups or scenarios to surprise you or give you any reason to change the same strategy that's been working since you started. There's not even any plot twists, the entire game is a straight forward purgatory showdown, the entire story is clearly layed out in front of you. The ""championship game"", or the rough equivlant of one, occurs seven goddamn times with no twists or surprises or unique gimmicks for ANY of those matches. I've never played a game that was more straight forward than this.The characters are what-you-see-is-what-you-get. You learn their driving motivaiton within minutes of meeting them and they don't really have any inner turmoil or pathos to drive the point that there are lives on the line. If it weren't for the excellent art style, I doubt I would have remembered any of them. It seriously dragged the game out--I'm clearly supposed to care a great deal for these characters because SuperGiant can't help but bank on played-out thespian melodrama, but they never change or cause conflict or even get hurt throughout the entire duration of the story, so why bother? Especially since we're basically treading the same ground seven goddamn times in a row.Which reminds me, one of the first things that got announced about this game was that you could lose at any time and the game would continue onward, which it does, and it's completely pointless, because there's a ""reset match"" button right there. As far as I can tell, the only reason why a player would everwantto lose a match is because they wanted an antagonist group to earn their freedom, but the vast majority of these characters are hostile and not likeable so I cannot imagine this would occur as anything but ""hmm, I wonder what happens if..."" whimsy. There are even instances when you can make matters worse for your party by losing and suffer actual consequences, so...why even bothernotpressing reset, unless you're completely getting destroyed with no hope of victory? The feature is completely pointless.Lastly, I would like to note that Pyre features what is, bar-none, theworststorytelling mechanism have EVER seen in a videogame. The player is presented with a book, with which pages are slowly revealed as the story goes on. This book is not only difficult to read because it is boring, it isliterally difficult to read, i.e., it is hard to read because the text presentation is ugly as sin. There are nearly a hundred pages of this book, and the best part isnot a single thing of any importance, even minor is gleaned from reading this book.It is completely worthless fluff. Why even bother giving the player such a huge load of reading to do if it has absolutely no pay off? Anything of even the most minute importance to the story gets mentioned by the actual characters. Worse than the Codex in Mass Effect. Horrible, horrible worldbuilding.P.S: The characters you get, each of which has an enemy-type counterpart, are ludicrously unbalanced with regards to one another. If you could create your own party, I would have 2 imps and 1 crone every single time."
76561197998235613,Not Recommended,462770,34128641,Posted: 9 August,all,Toasterpants,"Super Giant bought my allegiance with Bastion, and they've lost it with Pyre; a game that's all style and very little substance.The artists get all the credit for making this game even remotely interesting, and to their credit it's a very pretty game. It reminds me of ol' animated flicks like Fire & Ice or Rats of Nimh. The color pallette is beautiful- more varied than any game I've played in recent memory- the world is imaginatively rendered, and the animations are really slick.Where the game falters is, well, the lack of much of a game. The arena meta game, which constitutes the core of the experience, is decidedly dull- take ball, run straight into enemy goal, rinse & repeat. There is little challenge here. The different characters have different abilities, strengths and weaknesses, which give the illusion of any real depth since one can just pick the fastest character and more or less run directly at the enemy goal.And each time you finish one of these arena matches, and mind you they're over rather quickly, you're forced to click through dialogue that you care less and less about with each passing chapter. Le sigh."
,Not Recommended,462770,33850322,Posted: 28 July,all,Morrier,"As a fan of Super Giant's previous entries, I was very excited to play Pyre; enough so to buy the game day one, something I rarely do nowadays.Almost immediately the player is dropped into a strange and beautiful world with a great soundtrack, both hallmarks of Bastion and Transistor. Yet this did not make up for the hallmark that is missing... The Narrator. It seems an odd complaint to anyone not familiar with Super Giant Games, but the decision not to have the familiar voice leaves the game feeling rather bland with its story telling. Gone are the fun little insights and descriptions, replaced instead with a series of text boxes more akin to a visual novel or old school rpg. Though there are some voiced lines, most are merely gibberish like a sims character, and just didn't pull me in or establish any kind of agency with the Nightwings like I had with previous protagonists or support characters.When it comes to gameplay, the game has a very good and fun premise; a sort of magical 3v3 basketball game, utilizing different classes of characters with different strengths and weaknesses. Each character/class gains experience and with that experience can gain passive skills, as well as equip a totem with other passive bonuses. I really enjoyed the first few 'Rites' against the AI, but after a certain point you find yourself playing against the same teams repeatedly, as they grow stronger and you have less options in which players you'd like to field.This would not be so bothersome if not for the fact that the AI makes use of the mechanics far better than the game's clunky controls will allow. It is not uncommon to see the AI making swift passes and quick maneuvers that look particularly seemless, though the same cannot be said for the player's team. The controls simply feel sluggish and somewhat obtuse, especially for fast reactions; which is a real shame, considering the game designers' pedigree.Perhaps I had too high expectations of Pyre, but I don't think that is the problem; I had high expectations for Transistor after Bastion, and I thoroughly enjoyed it, mechanics and all. I simply could not become invested in Pyre, especially not after discovering the repetitiveness... which is a damn shame, because despite it all I wanted to see the story, but could not suffer through the grind.An Exile I Remain."
,Not Recommended,462770,34177699,Posted: 11 August,all,THE mikemountain,"I wish there was a ""meh"" rating. This game is very visually appealing, with a good soundtrack (not as good as Bastion or Transistor, but still good), but it's not really a game. There's a ton of text, and the only gameplay mechanic there is gets pretty repetitive. The AI doesn't pose too much of a threat either, and it just feels underwhelming. I wanted to enjoy it, and while I wouldn't recommend it, I guess I wouldn't NOT recommend it either. It's just ... meh.All I could say is the best thing you could do is buy it, play it for a bit, and refund it if you're not sold after an hour because it doesn't deviate too much from there.5/10"
,Recommended,462770,33806372,Posted: 26 July,all,BMPGoodSpell,"A fancy, beautifully design DODGE BALL with skills and awesome soundtracks. 10/10 will hit the base all over again"
,Recommended,462770,33804780,Posted: 26 July,all,Kyir,"I bought this game, sat down, and didn't get up again until I beat it the first time (something like an 11 hour experience for me, though I assume it will vary.) It hit all the strong points I expected of a Supergiant game: charming characters, execellent music, great art. I'd recommend it to anyone who loved either of their previous games, and to pretty much anyone else."
76561198276546896,Recommended,462770,33800566,Posted: 25 July,all,Mechblade007,"I just beat it now, and I'm in love with it. The story was fantastic, given that you can choose who gets freed, who stays, and who you fight. The gameplay is easy enough to understand, and you can get the gist of it pretty quickly. It also makes you eventually use characters you didn't normally use, since some of them were probably freed, but I didn't mind at all. It gave me a new perspective and have to come up with new strategies for my new teams of 3. The characterization is done well, especially with your party members. I really cared about all of them, and wanted all of them to get out. The choices do really matter, I promise. So if you love a bit of epic story, fantastic imagery and soundtrack, impactful choices, and different but enticing gameplay, then I would definitely reccomend this game for you."
76561198042870529,Recommended,462770,33800941,Posted: 25 July,all,Sgt. Snickerdoodle,"Once again SuperGiant Games has come out with another beautiful masterpiece. They stick with the amazing art, music and world design of their privious games, but this time they went all out. Very good world design, wonderful story, fun gameplay. I've been hooked on this company's games since Bastion came out and they continue to deliver amazing games.10/10 Would Recommend"
,Recommended,462770,33800677,Posted: 25 July,all,iHasCube,"Had the day off work on just the right day.  If you are into Supergiant games, this is an amazing one to pick up! Finally stopped playing it since it was released!   The music is amazing, the strategy gameplay is a lot of fun, there is a lot more narrative and story driven decisions than I thought this game would have.  I'm not one for strategy games, but man, this is a solid 9/10!"
,Recommended,462770,33819750,Posted: 26 July,all,Lersley,"Art work and Music are typical of Supergiant games - amazingly beautiful in both casesThe story is unique and interesting. Allowing the player to decide how much of the story they want to indulge in.Battle play is different but does not take long to get used to. However, it can be a bit repetitive.Conclusion: If you dont mind following the pace the game sets and follow as the story progresses while enjoying the beautiful art and music, you'll like this game"
76561198062539750,Recommended,462770,33838504,Posted: 27 July,all,Jazzmand27,"This is without a doubt Supergiant's best game yet. Beautiful, poignant, and well-written, it is hands-down the best video game I've played in years.Buy this game."
76561197972341100,Recommended,462770,33819904,Posted: 26 July,all,Schweaty,"I swore off pre-ordering games after No Man's Sky and I've pretty much stuck to that, that being said I loved both Bastion and Transistor so I went ahead and broke my rule for this one. No regrets at all on this one the game is great. I feel the story itself is a little weaker then the previos 2 games, perhaps just from not really having a single central protaginist to center around. The gamepay itslef is rock solid however. Basically it boils down to 3v3 matches of magical basketball, it's tons of fun if very diffrent from the previous games. (The campain is fun but I can already see that vs mode is where this is going to shine, if possible bring a friend ;)"
76561197996139967,Recommended,462770,33838388,Posted: 27 July,all,The Mushroom King,"Game is very story heavy with unique gameplay.It has a Story -> Gameplay -> Story -> Gameplay rythm that it keeps until the end of the game.Lots of reading, lots of characters and a good bit of good world building. Very lore heavy game.It's pretty unique, both in its gameplay as also a few gameplay mechanics. But if you don't like a story book with gameplay inbetween stories, this might be the wrong game for you. Also check out a gameplay vieo as it's very different from everythign else."
76561198055057709,Recommended,462770,33819722,Posted: 26 July,all,Aspencrown,"I've never been disappointed by Supergiant games in the past and with Pyre that streak holds true. This studio's games have always had very beautiful, ornate, and mysterious worlds at their core and that of Sahr & Downside are no exception. The characters, the stories, the sceneries, and more are so lush and intriguing.Though I admit this is a rather strange mechanic involving Religious Basketball. That's the one fault I have with the game: The controls for the Rite battles are kind of strange for me and, while intriguing, I just can't maneuver the buttons very quickly. Hah, I dunno, maybe I'm getting too old for this!Overall, the short and sweet version of this game is this:+ Fantastic world-building, characters, artwork, and oh gods the music.+ An engaging plot with many different branches.+ Great potential for replayability as you have to make some difficult choices.+ Ti'zo. I need at least a dozen plushes of him.- Finicky controls.+/- There is a lot of reading involved - and I mean A LOT. While I love immersive story-rich games like this, it might not be another's cup of tea."
,Recommended,462770,33838362,Posted: 27 July,all,necuz,"Supergiant Games become ever more ambitious, delivering here not only their usual excellence in style and music but also a dynamic narrative good enough to be mistaken for something handcrafted. The steady blend of character development, lore unveiling, and combat encounters kept my interest up until the end, no part ever outstaying its welcome. The only complaint I'd like to levy against it is the lack of online multiplayer, hopefully they look in to the possibilities of realizing that."
,Recommended,462770,33799819,Posted: 25 July,all,Vitor,"I'm Absolutely in love with this game, thank you Super Giant, you did it againPros:Amazing universe ✓Carismatic characters ✓Absolutely gorgeous soundtrack (Darren Korb <3 ) ✓Cool Story ✓Beautiful art ✓REALLY fun and complex gameplay ✓Cons:Versus mode doesn't have online ✗"
,Recommended,462770,33816398,Posted: 26 July,all,Smartnik,"Another quality title from Supergiant Games with a great soundtrack and gorgeous art. It plays very differently from their previous games, consisting in half of a visual novel and in half of (sort of) 3v3 rugby matches.  There's a decent amount of characters to choose from with unique abilities so the variety is there but I didn't enjoy the matches that much and found them fairly repetitive after a while (since it's literally all you do besides reading). But it's still reasonably fun and the writing more than makes up for it.Overall I found Pyre not quite as consistently enjoyable as Transistor and Bastion and wouldn't recommend it unconditionally but if you can appreciate a well presented story and don't mind reading then it's well worth your time."
,Recommended,462770,33802178,Posted: 25 July,all,Zephire,"Supergiant Games delivers an outstanding game yet again. Loved every bit of it--the art and music, the story, the gameplay, and most importantly the colourful cast of characters! If you enjoyed Bastion or Transistor you should try Pyre, although the team-based gameplay can take some getting used to.I have to admit, I had some reservations at first because I'm not used to sports games, but now there's a difficulty setting available right from the start if you need it, and the game itself isn't too hard to beat on standard difficulty. Whether you want to enjoy the game for its challenges or its narrative--the choice is up to you."
76561198087054646,Recommended,462770,33822870,Posted: 26 July,all,Masky,"Yet another fantastic game from Supergiants. I myself was so compelled to play this game to completion within a day of it's release. I greatly enjoyed it, I admittedly thought that I would not like it as the combat system seemed strange and too sporty for my likings but I was proven wrong, that was a lot of strategy involved and you had to put a lot of thought into each fight. This game is for everyone and I reccomend it to all, although I do reccomend you buckle up and prepare to ride an emotional rollercoaster... espically if you can't come to develop skill for the games mechanic. My only wish is that I could have done more for the characters, but I am afraid I have done all I could. Well done to my unaquainted friends at Supergiant, thank you for yet another unforgetable experience."
76561197970283814,Recommended,462770,33813423,Posted: 26 July,all,Carjack,"TL:DRLike Bastion and Transistor before it, PYRE has nuance and polish to spare.  The art is beautiful, the music is inspiring, the story is compelling, and the mechanics are silky smooth.For $20, it's a bargain even without sale incentives.Awkward analogies:Fastasy RPG Rocket League.  Before flaming the comparison, please consider: 3v3 and the goal is the goal (Tautologically true)  That's where similarities end.  This game is story driven.  The histories of each character are rich.  The resulting interactions from initially cryptic motives make for compelling party dynamics.The best (and hardest) part of this game so far is how the game guides the Reader (player) to mix up their Team Roster.  Without spoilers: Your most played characters are the ones you will learn to live without.This means you'll grow as Reader (Leader) since you'll be forced to learn strategies and mechanics you had previously neglected.  It's both bittersweet and refreshing.Then the game behind the game begins in earnest."
76561198035693090,Recommended,462770,33817627,Posted: 26 July,all,Damian Smoothly,"As a fan of the first 2 Super Giant games, I immediately purchased this one.It is certainly very different from the other two games they have published, and I agree with others it is not for everyone. However, I still loved this game.The art work and music is spectacular, the story ingrossing, the characters memorable. All of this is par for the course in a Super Giant game. It is longer than their other two games, Bastion and Transistor, but still only 11 hours long.The gameplay is likely what will make it or break it for you as a buyer. This game has a very large amount of reading, as much of the game is traveling the world and speaking to your companions and foes. I personally love reading and enjoyed the writing, but this isn't something everyone shares. Along with this, your choices regarding the world and your team makes many small and large changes to the story, which facilitates playing the game multiple times.The rest of the game is the 'rites', or the 3v3 mode seen in the trailers. This is a large change from Super Giant games, and a novel idea as a whole. I personally liked this mode, but I enjoyed the whole game so understand I have some bias. In the rites you have control over all 3 teammates, but can only move 1 at a time, which lends both the good and bad parts of the gameplay.As for the good, parts, the rites are unique and intriguing. While others call the gameplay shallow, I see it more as a 'easy to learn, hard to master' type of game. It is very simple to pick up the gameplay of the rites, but through my playthrough I discovered several tactics not at first glance (and many others that the A.I. used on me!). Along with that, it was extremely exciting to be down to the last few hitpoints of my Pyre, only to bring the match around and win a mighty comeback. I look forward to playing the campaign again on a higher difficulty, and to play against my siblings and friends in the Versus mode.Continuing on about the Versus mode, this is the first Super Giant game to have any sort of multiplayer, though it is local only. However, I was pleased to see the Versus mode has a wide variety of modifiers, choices, and overall robust design.As I mentioned before, the rites have their downsides. Against the easier A.I foe, the game was very easy (Though this can be increased in difficulty and their are the 'Titan Stars', which increase the power of the enemy teams in a multitude of ways). Against some of the more difficult teams however, I became frustrated by some of the controls (Playing on a gamepad). Sometimes I felt I lost because of controls or input lag This is compounded by the fact that the game becomes lightning fast with late game foes and multiple masteries [skills] on characters. A fast character can dunk the ball into the opponent's pyre within a single second from the start of a match, sometimes leading to no chance of reaction. Some of this may be my lack of ability, however, and it decreased in frustration as I learned some of the knacks of the game.Pyre describes itself as a role playing game, and has a progression system for your characters. These include talismans, items that give both small and large buffs to your characters, and masteries, skills unqiue to different races ingame. These masteries don't fundamentally change how a character plays but does affect their skills to a point that new combos and tactics can be discovered.Much of the variety in this game that was found in Bastion through different weapons or Transistor through new skills is the roster of characters you control. Each character has a different move set and list of stats, along with the previously mentioned masteries. Overall I was content with the progression system as a whole.Again, as a whole I loved Pyre. I am not sure I liked it quite as much as Bastion or Transistor, but it was still gorgeous, fun, and an emotional wild ride at times. It is not a game for everyone, but I would still reccomend it if you don't mind plenty of reading, or get frustrated or uninterested by the rites.Not going to give a rating because I can't settle on a number due to YMMV and my already existing love for Super Giant.Notable issue I've had, on Windows 10 the game simply refuses to start sometimes and the only workaround I've found is uninstalling and reinstalling the game. Frustrating."
,Recommended,462770,33825567,Posted: 26 July,all,Kobold Miners' Labor Union,"Pyre boasts a fantastically realized setting and an engaging, emotional storyline featuring rich, multi-dimensional characters, and a many, many branching narrative (I can't say with certainty how much the player's choices impact the end result because I haven't played it through more than once, but I will say that after getting to the end, it certainly *feels* like the player's actions have a huge impact, which is enough for me). If you enjoy a good story, augmented by the amazingly expressive music we're accustomed to from SGG games, and don't mind a lot of reading, you will not be disappointed in Pyre.Be aware, however, that the bulk of the game is spent on storytelling. This seems to be offputting to some; the trailer is somewhat misleading in this regard, as it spends about 80% of the duration showcasing the ""combat"" sequences (known as Rites within the game), whereas while playing, the Rites account for perhaps 5%-10% of the total experience.Regarding the Rites, one of my favorite aspects of this game is that there is no 'Try, fail, reload, try, fail, reload' loop here. Whether you succeed or fail, the game continues, and the story adapts to accomodate the consequences of the outcome. This creates a very nice sense of tension when going into a pivotal encounter, as you're behoved to live with the outcome, be it good or bad.Personally, I love a good story, particularly emotional ones. If a story makes me *feel* something strongly, whether it's happiness, grief, anger, fear, or any other emotion, I generally enjoy it, and in that regard, this game succeeds fantastically. If you don't enjoy reading, or value action over storytelling, this game may, sadly, not be for you. For everyone else, pick this one up, it's a winner."
,Recommended,462770,33872915,Posted: 28 July,all,treddy73,"I bought this game during the presale solely on the videos and screenshots.  It certainly is a beautiful game.  The music is wonderful.  The antagonist voiceover reminds me of Jeremy Irons.  The dialog/banter between battles (or rites) gets a little annoying.  Once in a while you're asked to make a dialog decision, but I have no idea how that affects the game long term.  The art style is well done, but the characters tend to react in an Anime-ish style (complete with animated flair) and it is overdone to the point of distracting.  Overall this game has a ton of charm in the visuals and audio... but not so much in the gameplay.It is essentially 3 on 3 football, except instead of an endzone, you have a pyre.  You control one character at a time to grab the orb and race it to the enemey's pyre.  While holding the orb, you are vulnerable to enemy auras, which banish you temporarily.  There are some special maneuvers you start out with and as your characters level up, you can unlock more.  If you don't possess the orb, you can throw your aura out and banish the enemy.I'm sure there is a ton of strategy in this game if you really try to play it, but essentially I just found myself taking the fastest character, grab the orb, and race around until I can jump or dash to the pyre.  I haven't lost a battle yet and I'm not sure what happens if you do.I'll grudgenly give it a recommend solely for the presentation, but not so much on the gameplay."
,Recommended,462770,33819102,Posted: 26 July,all,Shemetz,"Really excellent game. Everything it tries to do, it does with quality. Music, art, and characters/world are all very well done, the core gameplay is awesome, the UI and the style of everything is *really* good. I don't have many synonyms for ""great"" but trust me that I'd use them if I could think of them right now.Basically it's part-time visual storytelling via dialogue and choices, and part-time gameplay sequences where 3 of your characters fight 3 enemies in a sports-game-ritual. Without spoiling, there is quite a bit of plot and a LOT of text to read (which is fun if you're a good Reader). Game feels exactly the right length, and the same goes for the number of characters and amount of gameplay.I will definitely replay this game soon, because there are at least 3 playthroughs' worth of content (that depends on choices you make). I slightly wish that more events would be skippable after you finish the game once, but really that's barely a complaint.And the ending+credits sequence is fantastic!"
76561198046418702,Recommended,462770,33956835,Posted: 1 August,all,Mistah J,"Easily my favorite SuperGiant Game. Pyre is a beautiful, fun and emotional game. The gameplay mechanics, while simple, are extremely fluid and responsive. The artwork is fantastic. The story is well written with twists and turns. I especially appreciate how the story comes together in the conclusion. The music alone is amongst my favorites of all of their games!If you liked their other games, buy this one. if you didn't, I still highly recommend it."
76561198071139002,Recommended,462770,33953789,Posted: 1 August,all,ADup,This game is a lot of fun and has a ton of style / personality. Great soundtrack too!
,Recommended,462770,34565874,Posted: 28 August,all,ZePirateNinja37,"I can tell instantly there is a good atmospheric game here. It just is not for me. The battle style is vastly, vastly different from Transistor and Bastion. I immediately knew it wouldn't be my type of thing. But I do love anyways that Super Giant continues to try new things and mix it up."
,Recommended,462770,34543889,Posted: 27 August,all,AfroShots,"For people unfamiliar with Supergiant Games' gamesGameplay wise, Pyre plays like a weird sport game where you play as the ""manager"" as well as the team in the fights. Best watch some videos to get an idea of what you're in for. Each character has very unique upgrades and incentives for seeing action. It is quite challenging and there's fun to be had trying to come up with different buffs and character combinations to defeat the equally interesting and varying opponents you'll face. You can, down the line, optionally increase the difficulty toreally dumblevels for extra XP earned per character, but at that point you're just doing it to show off anyway. There's also a Versus mode that you can do outside of Story mode, which is Local only or against CPU.Story wise, if you like deep lore (like, REALLY deep lore) and a completely unique-to-this-game universe, Pyre definitely has that. There are many characters, and places, each with its own respective history and relations to others. You're constantly being given more lore to take in, more characters to discover, learn more about the current ones etc. All of the characters will grow on you, I promise.Other stuffYou might like the music (although it can come off as cheesy at times), the graphics are beautiful, what voice talent there is is pretty well done.I personally think this game's worth your couple of bucks if all that sounds interesting.For fans of Supergiant GamesLook, I enjoyed this game, was happy I paid for it and played it, and think it's a solid addition to Supergiant's portfolio. Anything I didn't complain about (which is a LOT of stuff) meant that it was on par with Supergiant's usual standards, or even better. That said...-Supergiant really likes making new universes and filling them to the brim with detail. That sounds like a good thing, and it usually is. The problem I have with Supergiant's approach to it is that a lot of the concepts, events and locations relevant to the characters, you never interact with, see or are given much reason to care about other than your potential interest in the deep lore. A different approach that gives more of an incentive to care about the many entities the lore holds would really work to its favor, as a huge part of Supergiant games are the unique universes themselves.-Not Darren Korb's (the composer) best work. Bastion and Transistor had some really nice soundtracks. Not a single title in Pyre's soundtrack really caught my ear. It also featured a lot more vocal tracks specific to the story, none of which I thought were worth an individual listen outside of the game.-Controls feel off, and at times, confusing. This could very arguably be lack of practice, but you get given lots of characters (who have to get cycled out eventually) most with unique movements, speeds and attacks. The game is very fast paced and the AI is relentless when it comes to multitasking. Keeping your controlling skills on point for each character while also maintaining optimal mechanics usage is a little overwhelming.-Lacked tutorials for an essential part of the game, which is guaging enemy stats and abilities. Took me a while to even realize you could do this. I had assumed it was part of the challenge to not know what was coming.Anyway, if the above sounded harsh I'd like to remind you again that Pyre is a solid, well working and fun game that you will probably like in one way or another if you liked the feel of the other Supergiant games."
,Recommended,462770,33942516,Posted: 31 July,all,The Balding Eagle,"Like many, I consider myself to be a really big SuperGiant fan - Bastion continues to be one of my favourite games ever, and Transistor was an excellent offering for a sophomore effort. I saw the words ""RPG"" ""Story Rich"" ""Good Soundtrack"" and thought to myself 'Ah, so standard SuperGiant fare.""I was very, very wrong. While staples of SuperGiant's previous games remain, Pyre is not a hack and slash, or a traditional RPG. It's a MOBA crossed with basketball.You'll find your character, soundtrack, and story needs met here. Pyre's soundtrack is a mix of lilting flutes and sombre strings, even the odd pounding rock song or two thrown in. The story is detailed and thick, with thematic underpinnings that really keep you invested in the story of your exiles. I fell in love with all of my characters, and the decisions I needed to make regarding their fates left me with quite a bit of anxiety. But where Pyre veers off of the rails is in its core gameplay. Moving one member of a three man squad at a time, you must guide a neutral ball into the opposing team's fire, with the goal of snuffing it out.If that doesn't sound appealing to you, strap in - you'll play a lot of it over the course of the game. It's frustrating, fast paced, challenging, and also one of the most rewarding experiences I've ever had.I'm not sure if Pyre is the best of SuperGiant's games - I very much doubt that any game will top Bastion in that regard - but Pyre is deep and wonderful and exciting. I agonized over decisions for huge stretches of time, I grit my teeth as I played high stakes fantasy magicball, and I walked away thinking ""Damn did I enjoy that.""TL;DR - come for the story and soundtrack, stay for NBA Moba edition.4/5, would recommend."
76561198043999626,Recommended,462770,33942775,Posted: 31 July,all,Pudding_Face,"A weird mix of a baksetball rugby sports game and a visual novel. While this combination sounds a little weird, im happy to report that both aspects of the game are both well executed and interesting. This, combined with the wonderful artistry and sountrack of all Supergiant games, results in Pyre being unlike any other game I've played before, and probably will play in the future. Of cource, mere words can't express why i like this game so much. I beg you to please consider purchasing this game: its quickly become one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,462770,34404658,Posted: 21 August,all,Strawberry🍰,This game is absolutely amazing. Bought it twice (steam and PS4) to support the Devs.The game needs more Rukey! I love his character so much~
,Recommended,462770,34050669,Posted: 5 August,all,epyon_avenger,"A Worthy Successor To Bastion [Spoiler Free]Having played through the game end-to-end, with a handful of reloads in-between to try out different options, I feel like I've had enough time now to enjoy and put together a halfway decent review.To preface, I loved Bastion, I played it (and the bonus/side-content) through three or four times. The music, the art style, the story, it was fantastic. The gameplay wasn't groundbreaking, but it also wasn't the focus. The world and story was, and rarely did the gameplay get in the way of that.Transistor, on the other hand, I felt as though I spent way more time thinking about the game than enjoying the story/music/art, which to me is a major minus. I'm not buying a Supergiant game for gameplay, at least that isn't the driving force. I'm buying it for the art, music, and storytelling.So. Pyre.Let's get the negative bits out of the way first. I felt like the ""tutorial"" part of the game, which is essentially all the way up till your first liberation rite, is a little long. If it were up to me, I'd have back-loaded the longer ""seasons"" of the rites instead of front-loading them. That said, the snappy dialogue and likable characters make it enjoyable despite the slowness, and you'll reach your destination soon enough.There are a couple of rite locations that can be buggy, depending on your actions, but it's nothing game breaking. I also found that the in-game things keeping track of locations you've visited and pages you've found for your book to be lacking and it makes it hard to be sure you've gotten everything.I also feel like the end ""villain(s)"" were introduced a little bit late in the story, but that depends on how you look at it, and what choices you take.Mostly, my issues are nitpicking, not any real fatal flaw.On to the good stuff...The rites can be a lot of fun, especially if you're rotating lineups to try and keep all your characters pretty even on XP/level (which you should). The variation in play styles, when you add in different trinkets and what-not, really allow you to figure out how you want to make your different teams work.I especially like some of the late-game items you get from the slug market, even if they do kinda feel like joke items more than the high-risk/high-reward they're positioned as, it was entertaining to play around with them.The cast of characters is fantastic, and while I feel like there were 1 or 2 that were sort of unnecessary, that may have been the point? Some of them have grand ambitions, others are just along for the ride, but that would make sense given that all the exiles are not created equal. You've got everyone from the corrupt rich to volunteers to rebels and war criminals, not everyone is going to be a hero or villain, some people are just trying to get by.In the end, Pyre made me care alotabout more characters than I thought I would end up caring about, so much so that I really wish I'd had more ""seasons"" and time to get to know them.In summation, Pyre is great game that might be a little too long in some places, and a little too short in others, but the experience provided is more than enough to make up for any small shortcomings in one area or another.Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have an alternate plan I need to try on another playthrough."
,Recommended,462770,34070720,Posted: 6 August,all,Scharf As A Tack,"One of the best game experiences that I've had in recent memory. 9.5/10. A must for those who like narrative-driven single player titles, doubly so if you like RPGs and/or sports games.Is it as good as Transistor? I don't know. It's different. But if you enjoyed Transistor, I would bet that this is worth your time."
,Recommended,462770,33874766,Posted: 29 July,all,SFalchemist,"Supergiant 3/3. Art/Music/Gameplay/Story/Characters, as usual the world's greatest indie developer delilvers on all fronts."
,Recommended,462770,33981580,Posted: 2 August,all,Cogsworth[TEC],"Pyre is a very different game from Supergiant's previous titles, and is in fact very different from anything I have ever played. What hasn't changed though is an amazing level of polish and attention to detail to absolutely everything in the game, an amazing art style, and amazing music.The game consists of two main parts: The Rites, which are something in-between a sport and a battle, and the story, which is mostly presented through text-based dialogue with many choices to make throughout the game. The game is much more than the sum of it's parts though, with the gameplay and story feeding into one another to make both feel richer and more exciting. Your choices in the story have an effect on the Rites, and your performance in the Rites has an effect on the story.The Rites are simple to understand, with the goal being to plunge the orb into the other team's pyre until it is extinguished. How you go about this has a lot of depth to it though. During a match you will be switching between 3 characters, intercepting opponents, getting into advantagous positions, dodging attacks, using terrain to your advantage, and much much more. On top of this, each character has vastly different abilities, strengths, and weaknesses, and takes time to learn how to best use them as part of your team. The game does a great job of not overwhelming you with all of this though, as you can play the game just fine with only a basic understanding, and take the time to learn more advanced skills and tactics as you progress.The writing is fantastic. The world is interesting, the story is compelling, and the characters (whether they are friend or foe) are memorable, diverse, and have interesting back-stories and relationships. There are many choices to be made throughout the game, some of which are very light-hearted and some that have an immense amount of weight behind them. The story adapts completely to everything you do in the game. If you lose a Rite, the game continues on and your characters will feel the effects of that. Even the lyrics of the music change depending on your actions!I loved this game to death and can't wait to see what Supergiant Games has in store for us next."
,Recommended,462770,33896643,Posted: 29 July,all,Lt Periwinkle,"Overall Game: 5/5I'm gonna keep this short and sweet. Super Giant made another masterpiece and its 100% worth your money. Be warned however, if you do not have the patience to sit through the exposistion heavy first hour or so of this game, you wont get the full message this game is trying to convey.Music: 4/5This really comes down to personal preferance. Its kinda like Bastion and Trasistor had a baby with a Bard and out popped this soundtrack.  This sound track felt more ""gamey"" if that makes sence.  The Bastion and Transistor soundtracks i would listen to in their entirety becuase every song was strong, however, i feel as though with Pyre's soundtrack not all of the songs cound stand on their own.  The last song is amazing and changes based on your game choices.Gameplay: 5/5This game can be split into two parts: the visual novel-esque time spent developing relationships with the cast and the Rites, which is the awesome sport Supergiant has made.  There is ALOT of talking during the downtime between Rites, but i enjoyed learning about every single one of the dozen and a half so the lots of text didnt deter me too much.  The Rites were far more fun than i was initially expecting and i look forward to playing the local multiplayer with friends.If you enjoy Supergiants other games, you will definitly enjoy this one.  They keep making wonderful games and I hope the trend continues."
76561198042006194,Recommended,462770,33993619,Posted: 3 August,all,Shazzo,"My best description of the game is a merging of Fire Emblem and Super Mario Strikers with gripping music.For fans of Bastion and Transistor:The music is fantastic as always.  The gameplay is yet again unique and gripping.  The story is thrown at you much more than Bastion and Transistor.  The biggest change is rather than the story being explained during exploration like in Bastion and Transistor, it is explained inbetween events.On the amount of reading:Early on, the reading is fairly tedious.  As the characters and overarching story flesh out, the reading becomes one of the most enjoyable parts of the game.Highly recommended; better than Transistor but not quite as good as Bastion to me."
76561198062132234,Recommended,462770,34044556,Posted: 5 August,all,Rowan Berry,"This is not the most in-depth review in the world, but what can I say? Supergiant games keeps producing a masterpiece after another. This is my favorite game of theirs as of yet, and I will definitely be replaying it a lot in the future. It is very different in how it plays out, though, so liking Bastion and/or Transistor is no guarantee that anyone will like this! But you might like this and not the past games, so...If you are the least bit interested in this game Iurgeyou to pick it up and play it through at least once.Pyre is all about the story, characters, atmosphere and choices. Now, the actual gameplay is much like a visual novel with RPG elements. The battles, however, are more like sports matches. They are actually a lot more challenging and engaging than I expected!I got completely immersed in this game and felt very strongly for the characters. That, to me, is the best kind of game.Personally, I strived for the ""best"" possible outcome on my first playthrough, meaning that it was important to me that everyone who was not a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ would be happy in the end. I was satisfied and touched. I am especially touched that it is possible to keep Sandra with you in the end, and that Ignarius and Jodariel can find happiness in each other.Next time I'll try to make everyone likeable miserable and liberate every nasty character."
,Recommended,462770,33842253,Posted: 27 July,all,Floressas,"Very unique gameplay, aesthetically beautiful, wonderful music and interesting characters. Rather slow pacing, however and very heavily story oriented, thus most of the time will be used reading and interacting with the characters instead of in combat or anything of the sort which could be tedious for some or something good for some of us.The rich lore and fleshed out characters is why I'd recommend this game the most, specially for people who like learning a lot about the game they are playing.The game itself is very enjoyable overall however."
,Recommended,462770,33971600,Posted: 2 August,all,Lagia_Requiem,"Where to start... I will start with a rather bold statement. Pyre by Supergiant Games is my ""Best Game of 2017"". Why? To start this game has fanstatic visuals, each character is unique in both personality and visage. Pyre takes place in such a vibrant and colorful world that this games lore rivals many other stories and worlds created in other games. This game had me completely immersed in the charm and beauty of it's world. In the campaign there are many choices the protagonist makes, and dare I say that the atmosphere created by the story makes every chocie feel important, from causally talking to party members, to make key choices that effect the outcome of the game. You truly feel responsible for everyones freedom and wellbeing. The characaters all have incredibly differing personalities and I feel in love with every single one. Each character is voiced beautifully, and with a flair of foreign language created by the developers it is a expirence that only a true artist could replicate. The gameplay itself is easy to learn, and hard to master. I spent hours in practice mode trying each race and a combination of different competitors. The gameplay is extremely unique, with the sermon's voice leading on the Rite, every battle seems both paramount to your party and that failure is not an option. Pyre's gameplay is both refeshingly different and extremely addicting. I only had one disapointment for this game and it is that there is no online play, which is a damn shame given how immensely fun the gameplay is.Now for my favorite part of this game. The soundtrack. Each piece of music in this game is a work of art. Not only did Pyre create a musical masterpiece for every occasion, but the had the briliant idea to add an interactible that allows the player to listen to a replication of music that has been heard before in the styling of a minstrel's lute. I spent an hour alone listening to Barker's Theme on repeat.Overall this game weaves a story like no other, completely unique to everyother title out there. With a price tag of only $21, this game is a steal. I highly recomend this game to anyone with a love for: Fantasic visuals, Musical masterpieces, Briliant world design, Characters you fall in love with within the first two minutes of dailog and Outstanding gameplay. A true 10/10."
76561198005877365,Recommended,462770,33896628,Posted: 29 July,all,Zgamer49,"Pyre is an enjoyable emotional ride, but takes a bit to get there. Starting off with the bad, the first 2-3ish hours of gameplay are boring. In that time, you're essentially introduced to all of the characters, and the gameplay takes a while to get used to. The gameplay gets a lot more fun when more character choices are unlocked, and the difficultly picks up (by the time you're a few hours in). While the world you see is stunning, the game is linear up until that point, and lacks meaningful choices until then. But after that point, the world opens up to the player, and they are able to fully enjoy the game. The world is beautifully crafted and extremely stylized. All of the characters have impactful stories and the choices you make affect the outcome of the world around you. Although some people don't think it lives up to the previous Supergiant games, I'd disagree in that it takes a unique approach that isn't immediately rewarded.TLDR; 10/10 just need to play a bit to get there. PS: Turn up the difficultly at the beginning if you want to make it a little less dull to start."
76561198060801372,Recommended,462770,33948659,Posted: 1 August,all,obake25,"This game is 50% visual novel and 50% sports game.However, the quality of the story, characters, setting, music, art style and lasting impression are all amazing.After finishing the game, I was sad that I was leaving this world behind, and I don't want to replay it because I don't want to take away value from the choices I made and what happened.Now all I can do is listen to the soundtrack over and over again and reminesce about the times I spent in the Downside.You should play this game."
76561198013868065,Recommended,462770,34026994,Posted: 4 August,all,Erk,First impressions are very strong so far. I elaborate here -https://youtu.be/jMNeUGHSXBs
,Recommended,462770,33975314,Posted: 2 August,all,Brolaire of Astora,This game truly shines in local multiplayer.
,Recommended,462770,34318327,Posted: 17 August,all,HDisco,This game is really dope.
76561197999461343,Recommended,462770,34435002,Posted: 23 August,all,Elektroschokka,"Getting Goosebumps firing this game up!Hard do describe the feelings that this game awakens in one self!It does what videogames should've ever done: Enchanting you, taking you away!Most people got you a really good and informative Review, so that you should know what you are in for.In short, im just here to leave antoher recommendation."
,Recommended,462770,34216490,Posted: 13 August,all,Hawke,"Pyreis a game about freedom and responsibility, friendship and competition, choices and consequences. The goal is to coach your team, your triumvirate, to get your freedom back (assuming it was taken away) through Rites. A Rite is a competition, where two triumvirates need to extinguish their adversaries' Pyre by shooting the Celestial Orb at it. The story continues regardless of the outcome.Graphics and soundtrack are excellent (OST DLCis recommended as well);Replayability is high (but 5 save slots limit is not sufficient);RNG elements are presented (does not directly affect major decisions);Controls are customizable (5-button mice are supported);The avatar (the Reader) is customizable.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,462770,33814573,Posted: 26 July,all,Linkazzz,"***MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS AND/OR A WALL OF TEXT***Background: Absolutely fell in love with Bastion (completed 3-5 times, never left Zulf behind once), loved Transistor (completed twice). Completed Pyre once.First of all, I was very excited for Pyre, mostly because of the track record of Supergiant games (SG). After viewing the first 30 minutes of gameplay, it seemed to have enough of a compelling story for me to buy and complete the game. Not to mention the art style (as usual) seemed on par with that of Bastion and Transistor.Fast forward to the day of release, and I dive into the world of Pyre with eagerness and anticipation. Reflecting now, one of the first differences between Pyre and previous SG games is that there's no narrator, which means a lot more reading. In fact, Pyre, in my opinion, plays very much like a visual novel for 80% of the time. That, of course, is a number arbitrarily chosen by me, assuming you read all the conversations and interact with your fellow exiles on every possible occasion. That's not bad in and of itself, however it's something for you to decide whether it floats your boat.The remaining 20%, whether you call it a mix between basketball and football, a simplified bloodbowl, or any other name, offer a respite from reading. At first the rites felt a little bit slow, but once you get used to it (and get some mastery points in), they feel much more fluid, although I was never able to pull off complex plays involving the whole team. Imagine playing Transistor purely without the time-stopping tactical mode. While I didn't necessarily hate it, it wasn't very rewarding either. Even though at times the freedom of my fellow exiles rested on us winning the rites, it never felt very suspenseful (as it probably should have). Maybe because the rites were relatively easy (though admittedly I did not enable any titan stars and was playing on medium difficulty) or maybe because they went by pretty fast.I do, however, have to commend the design option to include narrative interactions between characters based on your choice of rites (especially later on in the game). I found myself facing the Tempers, the Fate and the Essence because of the storylines accompanying them. This directly leads me to the characters. SG definitely managed to create a group of entertaining (Ti'Zo and Sir Gilman for me especially) and/or relatable characters. However, somehow, maybe because of being once removed from them (playing as their companion and not as them first-hand, as I did in Bastion and Transistor), I never really felt invested in some of their stories. And the stories that got me involved in them never reached the level of emotional involvement in either the Kid's or the Red's stories. YMMV, obviously. Maybe because of that (you arguably not being the main character and the multitude of your party), upon the conclusion of the story I didn't feel as deeply touched as I was after I completed Bastion and Transistor.Continuing on, even though, as I've already mentioned, the visuals seemed excellent at first, but when I spent 80% of the time reading text, I never found myself having the time to take it all in. Unlike in Bastion, when the Kid was in the gorgeous environment, trying to not fall off the edge into the abyss, smashing boxes or vases or simply flying through the river on that old ship (Nelly?), you'd have to spend extra time trying to take it in, in a sense separating it from the gameplay. Design of the characters themselves is excellent with the depiction of demons being my favourite. I'd also have to mention that during rites I didn't find visuals to stand out as much as during travelling sections, observing the blackwagon roll.The soundtrack, something I held in very high regard after completing both Bastion and Transistor, continuing to listen to them on their own merrit years after having completed both games, didn't leave as big of a lasting impression. The few that stood out - the song that Tariq sings during your see voyage and the Dissidents theme  - were neat, but not something I'd consider adding to my daily playlist. The soundtrack itself is sort of a mix between Bastion acoustic guitar chords (which to me felt  like indie, country at times) and Transistor post-rocky sound (do not know how it's called, sorry). In both previous SG games, soundtrack, I'd argue, was an essential element, either because of the moments with which it was associated (Mother I'm here and Zulf choice, Zia's theme and finding Zia, Setting sails, coming home and literally setting sails at the end), or interactions with the game (Red humming, making it feel like it's her songs that are being played, feeling like it's her performance). I found neither of the two in Pyre. Admittedly the Liberation Rite had a song associated with it, but it was never allowed to sink in, like the songs in Bastion.To conclude, it didn't feel to me, that the type of game that Pyre is, plays to the strengths of Supergiant Games, i.e. their presentation and style (visuals, soundtracks and voice acting) and, to a lesser extent, the ability to create an involving narative. I do not regret buying and completing Pyre, as it gave me ample philosophical thoughts to munch over, however, I don't think it will have as much of a lasting impact on me as Bastion and Transistor did. I wish the best for Supergiant games, for I will certainly follow their next venture, hopefully one that may grip me as Bastion and Transistor once did.Do I recommend this game universally in its entirety? In all honesty I can't. I do, however, recommend checking it out.Disclaimer: I'm just a guy playing video games, this review is purely my thoughts on the game and by no means is a claim to any sort of objective truth. As already mentioned, YMMV. Cheers."
76561198084107692,Recommended,462770,34267630,Posted: 15 August,all,Crowrevell,"Another excellent game from SuperGiantThe creators of Bastion and Transistor are back with their 3rd release, Pyre. Everything they are praised for story, style, and music are as good as, if not better than their previous game. The game play is vastly different. Instead of a 1 vs. swarm combat, Pyre is a 3 vs 3 sport-arena.StoryThe Commonwealth has banished you to the downside, your crime was reading. You are rescued by a trio calling themselves the Nightwings. Hedwyn, Jodariel, and Rukey ask for your guidance in reading the stars to show them their path while helping them perform Rites. Along the way, more join your ranks as you face various other exiles with the reward of freedom and forgiveness of your crimes. But what is freedom and what is the price people are willing to pay to obtain it? Each character, friend or foe, has their own history, their own motivation.I found the overall story solid and interesting enough to keep on reading all the dialogue (and read you must, as no one outside the Rite announcer speaks English). Most of it does focus on individual characters which are all fun and unique. Even the enemies you have few interactions are fleshed out, and your companions never over stay their welcome. A lot of people compare it to a visual novel, and that is apt. While many of your decisions in where to travel, have only minor differences in the story, there are consequences for some of the bigger decisions. A small complaint about unlocking lore. The book of rites provides information about history of the Scribes or groups of exiles as you perform various tasks. I was one page from completing mine but do to limitations on visiting locations later in the game, I missed out.GameplayAs stated, the game play involves 3 vs. 3 arena. Both sides may only control one player at a time (no AI assistance) as you are tasked with putting an orb into the opposing teams pyre. Each player has an aura which provides a protective perimeter that can also be focused into an attack to temporarily banish opponents. Possessing the orb drains your aura, so you either have to maneuver quickly to score, or eliminate the competition to create and uncontested score. Each character has 4 skills: glory is how much damage to deal to the pyre. Quickness is how fast you move. Presence determines the size of your aura, and Hope determines how quickly you return from being banished. Characters also have stamina (allowing them to jump/dash) as well as a range of 8 abilities they unlock by gaining experience. Furthermore, characters may posses a talisman that provides additional benefits.There is a lot of depth to the game play. There is the overall strategy of picking who to send into the arena and their talismans (considering your opponents and the layout) but there is a great deal of tactics as well. You can use characters with large auras to create choke points or large attacks to banish 2+ adversaries. Throwing the orb at an enemy forces them to pick it up, draining their aura, and leaving them exposed. Fast characters can quickly dive at the pyre, though they normally have the lowest glory. Flying, jumping, dashing, passing are all tools at the players disposal.While I appreciate the overall depth that the gameplay provides, I had some issues getting used to it. There is normally 15 minutes (if you decide to read everything) of content then 5 minutes of game play, then 15 minutes of reading. The combat can be incredibly fast with seemingly no time to react to the AI. At times I was frustrated by perfect AI anticipating my moves and flawlessly executing precision jumps and combinations. It does seem that the AI can throw and use abilities faster than the player. Also the camera moves around to follow the orb, which isn't a problem much of the time, but when you die far away from your team, you characters aren't on the screen making defending your pyre impossible. The trials (1 vs 3) can feel overwhelming at times. Sometimes it feels like you are playing the Harlem Globetrotters. Better tactics, talismans (or maybe just waiting to get an extra level) can make all the difference in the worldDuring game play, there are a few issues. Hit detection seems off from time to time. AI seemingly ignores auras or casting through solid objects without the appropriate abilities to allow for it. Also, the arena obstacles are sometimes poorly defined and result in getting hung up. Considering the fast pace nature of the game, a few issues here and there can greatly impact the outcome of a Rite.There are 3 difficulty settings and the ability to reset a rite in progress, allowing even the least capable players to progress. As in previous game, there are limiters (Titan Stars) which give bonuses to the AI or penalties to you in exchange for more experience with each rite.There is player v player arena but I have not tested that out.Art/Music/MiscThe game is delightful to look at; From the wagon you bounce around in to background effects emphasizing a character's emotions. Music is once again provided by Darren Korb and it is stunning. The OST is bursting with 39 tracks of various genres. There was an issue I had in regards to the Talisman menu. There is a 2nd page, that some times doesn't show up when trying to equip NPCs and sometimes items didn't load. I didn't notice this issue when equipping during a rite.OverallI really enjoyed playing Pyre for the aesthetics and have learned (upon 2 playthroughs) to like the gameplay though it did frustrate me from time to time."
,Recommended,462770,34223367,Posted: 13 August,all,heckyeahunicorns,"Pyre is absolutely beautiful. It didn't grab me emotionally as much as Supergiant's other games, but I enjoyed it immensely nonetheless. I was worried that conducting the rites (the combat portion of the game) would get old after a while, but there was a perfect balance between frequency and difficulty for me. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,462770,34317722,Posted: 17 August,all,rahulaaaaa,"There aren't many games I can compare the overall experience of Pyre to. Perhaps The Banner Saga, in parts, but nothing else really comes to mind. The game oozes creativity, and feels like such a fresh experience. It's easily one of the best games I've played this year.Pyre is nothing short of incredible. The artwork & animation are absolutely beautiful - some of the most beautiful I've ever seen. The music is lovely, and complements the atmosphere of the game perfectly. The quality of the writing throughout the entire game was phenomenal, honestly better than 99% of the books I've read. The game gives you choices that can actually have a significant impact on the outcome of the game - yet you're never left feeling like you made the wrong decision.The characters have clearly been designed with meticulous thought, and are full of personality. The narrator of the rites is one of my favourite video game narrators of all time (if you loved the narration in Bastion, then you'll have an idea of what to expect).I wasn't sure how I felt about the rites at first, with the reviews of others having left me prejudiced. I quickly grew to love them. The rites can be incredibly intense. They begin relatively simple in order to tutor you (as expected), but steadily develop into a complex, genre-defying sport/game that works fantastically. There are a whole number of options for perks, talismans, characters and more which keep the rites feeling fresh and interesting throughout the game.Having taken the time to write this and think back on my experience of the game, I would rate it 10/10, on the basis that I can't think of anything I would consider a flaw, or in need of improvement."
,Recommended,462770,33943649,Posted: 1 August,all,Fan of One,"Jesus christ man, the feels.Supergiant Games has made, if not the best of their current trio, another beautifully drawn, intelligently designed, heart plucking (amazing) mess of a game.You are cast down from the Commonwealth, and in the Downside, the only way to win your freedom, is to prevent your opponents from taking theirs.However, there's a catch. Only one of you(r party) may go free at a time. Creating what I believe to be the most emotional/difficult choices in gaming.And what if you happen to like your opponents? What if... Just maybe what if... You want them to go free?Each choice you make drastically impacts the end of the game, unlike some others I know, where there are only a couple endings, thsi game has more than I could think of off the top of my head. (And if you played, you would see why.)The most contreversial thing about this game is, in my opinion, the Rites themselves. Personally, I never had a problem with them. There are many different strategies, and the use of Talismans, whcih are essentially powerups, gave neverending complexity to them. Of course, faster characters are almost always more advantageous, you get the point.Like Supergiants former games, there are ways to... Make the game more difficult, and in turn, more rewarding.It gets hard, let me tell you.All in all, I had a really great first playthrough, and let me tell you, I plan on going again. The characters, the story, The Voice, (And don't even get me started on the soundtrack, Darren Korb's outdone himself again.) and, last but not least, the gameplay, all made up for an amazing experience I likely won't forget.Pyre."
76561198244451710,Recommended,462770,33981034,Posted: 2 August,all,ThunderClap220,"I’m in love this game it is fantastic. The art, the music, the lore, and the story has me thinking about this game even when I’m not playing it. I have seen some complaints about the actual gameplay (the Rites as the game calls them, they are much like a basketball or soccer match) however i find them enjoyable, but not the main reason I continue to play. I continue to play to find answers, to develop the characters skills, and to progress the story.I have yet to find any cons while playing, this game delivers on what it sets out to accomplish in a very excellent and beautiful way. This game stands next to Zelda: BotW as my favorite games of this year"
76561197995568834,Recommended,462770,33827153,Posted: 27 July,all,Chaotic Dustin,"Once again SuperGiant games has managed to conjuer up feelings of hope, joy, despair and bittersweetness in my day long playthrough of this game. It's gorgeous and the gameplay is quite fun (Though if you turn on all the titan stars it gets insanely difficult).I'm not sure if I want to do another playthrough. The ending felt so personal to me even though I know it could have gone differently everything came down to the choices I made.A very good, fun, and meaningful game. I highly recommend it (espeically if you loved Bastion and Transistor)."
76561198035866887,Recommended,462770,33826264,Posted: 27 July,all,Zoo'oob,Better written story than Bastion and Transistor. Inferior gameplay to Bastion and Transistor.Not really an RPG in the slightest.Still worth it.
,Recommended,462770,34896232,Posted: 11 September,all,Musubii,"Love the basis of this game. I glanced over the NBA JAM esque gameplay and was sold over just that. The big turning point for this game being good is soley in the story and your choices within, each choice feels like it has weight. I stopped playing the game for its (very) fun RPG/Sports blend and more for the story and where it led to.  Another fresh game from the folks coming out of Supergiant."
,Recommended,462770,33805128,Posted: 26 July,all,Critticalt,"[DISCLAMER: I am only 3 hours into the game, and have not finished the main story, but I feel like I played enough to know what the game is about]First off, this game is absolutely stunning. Amazing OST, awesome visuals, intruiging and unique plot. This game is just an awesome experience.Pyre is basically split into two different categories of games: The first section is RPG-like. You (in the first person) talk with your fellow comrades, level them up, equip them with items, and decide your next actions along your journey. There's always a choice to make; who to talk to and level up, how to shape the comrades as a whole, and where to journey off to. Your choices always feel like it's affecting someone in the party, rather than the means to get some lousy item. There's risk and reward with everything you do. Though, there is a LOT of lore in this game. What I mean is, there is so much text and reading that it might be offputting to anyone who just wants just gameplay (There is plenty of that, don't worry, we'll get there).In the second half, the action oriented gameplay. During these 10-15 minutes of meat is a 3v3 game of who-can-throw-the-ball-into-the-enemies'-goal-more. Your objective is to guide one of your three chosen party members to a ball that spawns in the middle of the arena, grab it and somehow get it into the enemies' flame using a quick succession of dashes and jumps. In doing this, you ""exile"" that ally for the next round until someone else scores a goal. It's a very quick thinking game where you need to have your Attack and Defense ready at all times, because your enemies will be quick on their feet to douse your flame as well.Your comrades can all dash and shoot projectiles at enemies all the same, you also get an aura surrounding each and every ally which you can use to banish enemies but dissapears if you casted a projectile or if you are carrying the ball. However, the allies you choose all have a specific skill to them that can give the edge in the match. For example: your first three allies you will fight with are Rukey, Hedwyn, and Jodariel. Rukey is fast and agile, wielding the smallest circle of aura but also having a long and narrow spell to cast for long ranged attacks makes him useful for jumping in with the ball (However, Rukey at his default state does not do a lot of damage to the flame since it's pretty easy to get him in). Hedwyn is medium for everything attack and defense, and deals slightly more damage to the enemy flame, so you can use him when Rukey has been exiled. Jodariel is the biggest character in the trio, with the largest aura around her but a slow cast time and movement speed, making her a dedicated defense hero with her pound that knocks back enemies. If you douse the enemies' flame, you win the match. The characters used in the match gain XP that you use to level up their in-match atributes. After that, you're off to the next destination.This may seem like a lot, but it's more complicated in text than in game, which I highly reccomend you pick up! This is a truly one-of-a-kind game that you dont just get every day. It isn't like the action-packed Bastion or Transistor Supergiant made in the past. Pyre takes it's time, and then speeds things up when it gets interesting. It's not a game you should rush, it's a game that deserves to be taken slowly.If you take anything from my review, know that this is an extraordinary game. I highly reccomend it to anyone seeking a lore-rich world and truly unique game mechanics. This game deserves your attention!"
76561198131999174,Recommended,462770,35014450,Posted: 16 September,all,lewattoo,"It's like if Zoombinis, Undertale and NBA Jam got together and did a lot of acid and this was the result."
76561198019757225,Recommended,462770,34716217,Posted: 3 September,all,Mevrou,"A combination of gorgeous art, beautiful and thematic music, and a compelling story. Another wonderful game by Supergiant Games. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,462770,34396179,Posted: 21 August,all,Svalbard Global Weed Vault,"in pyre, your mission is to coach a team of illiterate convicts through several seasons of sportsball tournaments in order to topple a corrupt state. match wits and skills with an assortment of characters such as dogs and bird people and snakes and snake people and bats and tree people and regular people as you travel through the hell zone you've been sentenced to for life because you can read and nobody likes a nerd.the soundtrack is extremely good as expected of a supergiant game. all the triumvirate themes are good as hell. thank you darren korb. i would die for you"
76561198176011127,Recommended,462770,35067815,Posted: 19 September,all,Being X,It's basically a good Final Fantasy game.A really good Final Fantasy game.Modern FF wishes it could be Pyre.
,Recommended,462770,33822828,Posted: 26 July,all,Cardboard Dragon,"UPDATE: Two months after release, two more hours of soundtrack (no new songs, but alternate versions of all songs in the game) were released to anyone who has purchased the game's soundtrack, and a new game plus mode was added to the game itself. I haven't actually tried new game plus yet. Can't make any real statements about the new game plus obviously, but the new soundtrack versions constitute 2 hours of music and were given to me for free for having purchased the soundtrack previously -- which is very much appreciated.Pyre is a very strange game, but I like it. Unfortunately it is destined not to reach as wide of an audience as the studio's previous games, because of how weird it is, and because the gameplay mechanics appear fairly shallow on the surface (it's got more depth than it might appear to, though that is of course a subjective judgment). Although I personally like this game even more than Supergiant's other titles, I understand why it has already been less well received than Bastion or Transistor -- so although I am going to praise Pyre as a beautiful game, go ahead and take that with a grain of salt.To get the typical comments on Supergiant's reputation out of the way, the presentation in Pyre is great. Art, animation, and especially music are phenomenal. Honestly, even if you don't want the game you should listen to the soundtrack, it's good stuff.Now, there are two distinct parts to Pyre -- one part is a visual novel where you conduct conversations and travel around the game's world, known as the Downside. Characters are colorfully written and the conversations are fun enough to keep me engaged. The overall story is charming and intriguing, and appears to be worth playing through numerous times to see different outcomes. If you don't like reading, well... the narrator/announcer character calls you ""Reader,"" take that as a sign if you will.The second part is the Rites, a sort of fantasy-sports-strategy-RPG thing that plays a major role in the campaign but can also be played separate from the campaign, either against the computer or another play, in ""Versus Mode."" I find it fun and, as I said above, deeper than it seems at first. Basically, there are two teams of three that have to maneuver a ball into the opposing goal (""Pyre""). Only one team member can move at a time, and each is surrounded by an Aura which temporarily banishes opponents it touches, and can be cast forward in a ranged attack, and which disappears when the character is holding the ball. There are about eight different character types, each of which has different abilities in the Rites (each has different variations on Sprint, Dash, and Aura attacks) and a different set of Masteries (a small RPG-like talent tree, small but just large enough to allow a few different builds for each character type which is enough to create a relatively wide variety of team compositions). There are also a lot of different Talismans -- each Exile can use one at any given time. Some Talismans just improve one of the Exile's four stats (Hope improves respawn time after banishment, Presence increases the size of the Aura, Glory increases damage done/points achieved when scoring goals, and Quickness is quickness), but others have more interesting effects. For example, there is one that makes it so that an exile retains their Aura while holding the orb, but cannot use a ranged attack.I can't think of a proper way to end this review, so I'm just going to say I like this game because that seems like a conclusion."
,Recommended,462770,34425840,Posted: 22 August,all,MrSpeedArt,"Lovely game, interesting and original story line, lovely and astonishing soundtrack, must have if you've enjoyed previous titles from Super Giant Games."
76561198115464512,Recommended,462770,35317261,Posted: 29 September,all,moonsheen,"As my playtime might suggest, I really like this title a lot. It's fun, engaging, and eminently replayable!  I've just finished my fifth playthrough and I'm still finding new scenes and character combos I never thought of trying in battle before.  I loved Bastion and Transistor, but I think Pyre might be Supergiant's best game so far. It's a great world with compelling characters, a unique setting, and a lot of mysteries. Plus, in this day and age, the message of freedom and political dissidence is especially affecting.  All of Supergiant's games have been about revolution in some way, and this one really hits home with its message. I will probably play this about five more times just to see what other character moments I can find.  And heck, with the True Nightwings mode I even have another incentive to do it.  Noxalas!"
,Recommended,462770,35269769,Posted: 28 September,all,Marko the Ninja,"I can't not recommend this game.Art, music and story are all awesome.Gameplay mixes elements of RPG with some kind of fantasy american football-like ""combat"" encounters.Only downsides might be the relatively short lenght of the game and low replayability (although it offers a Versus mode to replay combats)."
,Recommended,462770,33827308,Posted: 27 July,all,Xiplitz λ,Mere distance cannot separate our spirits.
,Recommended,462770,35312871,Posted: 29 September,all,Paper Boat,"Supergiant was already praised for their previous games, especially for their visual, musical and storytelling achievements. Pyre (2017) honors the beauty of both Bastion (2011) and Transistor (2014), and its soundtrack is on pair with the previous games' too. It resembles Bastion more than it does the 2014 title, which fits well with the game in general and keeps the unique charm of Transistor, well... Unique. What Pyre is one step ahead in is its storytelling, which is a paradigm shift in itself. Forget the simplistic concepts of multiple endings or a good/bad ending: this game will challenge you to leave your comfort zone and make significant choices thatactuallyinfluence your every step in the Main Campaign, with a Undertale-like level of revolution to storytelling and unmeasurable replayability.Along with its amazing story, Pyre has a fun, engaging and new gameplay, which offers as many possibilities for different styles and approaches to its strategy and skill as an RPG, but with the simplicities of a sport/e-sport, with local multiplayer available for some couch-friendly fun.Pyre a is beautiful, fun, touching, intriguing game worthy of laughs and tears.There is no perfect game, but Pyre is as perfect as it could be for what it was set out to achieve. 10/10"
76561198045891077,Recommended,462770,35320847,Posted: 29 September,all,Hino but Gayer,"The best out of the games Supergiant has released so far. Interesting characters with depth and backstory, coupled with a combat system that seems simple on the surface but can become complex and challenging with the further you progress."
,Recommended,462770,35321848,Posted: 29 September,all,Vie,"ThoughPyrewas definitely a departure from the Supergiant games I had known and loved, I decided to preorder it anyway, because my trust in the dev team is pretty high, and I was excited for the next piece from this group of incredibly talented artists. I also admired the risk they were taking in stepping out of their niche and wanted to reward them for that.Pyreis an odd mix of sports, visual novel, and RPG, but I think that overall, the team manage to tell a compelling story, write a lovable cast of characters, and juggle the gameplay aspect well enough that it was neverclunky.I am not a fan of watching or playing sports, so I had doubts about whether or not I'd enjoy the game at first - especially since it's the main conceit - but for the most part, I was happily proven wrong. I'm definitely not a very good action gamer, so having to dodge, move, roll, and so on were a tad more challenging for me than most; however, that challenge manifested in a tension that pulled me in to the sports aspect since I was so excited when I managed to score against close odds, or save my 'basket' by the skin of my teeth.Supergiant managed to make me engaged in the gameplay largely due to the well-written characters, whom I really did root for. There is someone for everyone, making it easy to relate to at least a few traits or motivations within the cast. I ended up loving them all, and wanted to see them succeed. That meant that the high stakes of some of the matches was amplified by theneedfor my favourite players to beat the opposing side. Interestingly, even the 'villains' have their own understandable motivations, causing grey areas that I adored. I love having to make hard choices, so at times I would debate for ten minutes between moving forward, or letting a kind member of the other team win just this once. For those looking for lots of varied choices and character investment, this game is for you.The visual novel aspect is an interesting mix with the fast-paced gameplay, but I think it was the right choice as it allowed Supergiant to be much more flexible in terms of the amount of depth they could go with the story. The number of variable paths would also be impossible if it was a fully voice-acted story, so I don't really mind the format they were going for here. The artwork is beautiful enough (as always) to make up for lack of character movement/control during the visual novel sections, at least for me. What I had some trouble with liking was the gameplay loop - you talk to characters, choose your route, buy supplies, play in the match, and start all over again. I thought it was far too obvious how each section played out, which meant it was predictable enough to get tedious at times.The saving grace is the writing. I truly did love my time in this world, and was eager enough to find out what would happen that I pushed through some of that tedium. If you don't like reading, or you hate visual novels, I wouldn't recommend this game as you will not be the target audience. However, story-focused fans (of which I am one of) will. I liked the overarching plot, obvious as it was, but adored the characters.Supergiant has clearly put its heart and soul into making a game that feels fresh. Though not all parts of the game are incredible, it is still a quality product and work of art that is well worth the money. I would pay for the artwork and music (!) alone, but the fantastic world-building, characters, and overall writing made me stay.I think that even if you've never liked visual novels, perhaps Supergiant's latest game could convince you. I certainly enjoyed my time with it."
,Recommended,462770,33918832,Posted: 30 July,all,Synaptic_Gaming,"Pros+Unique Gameplay+Compelling Narrative+Consequential choicesCons-Drawn out textual sequences9.4/10Beneath a fateful exhibition of stars, an emblematic flame permeates the shroud of night.  Reflective ore imprisons the ambient glow of radiant runes, amidst ominous relics and perilous ruins.  A triumvirate of cloaked aspects materialize, brandishing an ancestral facade, analogous to that of their opponents'.  A lucent beam, thrust from the heavens, materializes into an orb of boundless energy.  Swiftly, the participants surge towards the orb with tenacious fervor and the circuitous dance of the wisps begins...Forsaken, teetering upon the precipice of demise, you tentatively regain consciousness to find yourself under the scrutiny of a band of ivory masked demons, draped in opulent vestments, adorned with mysterious symbols.  One of the masked figures approaches you, removing his veil to reveal a personable mortal, concerned with preserving your waning existence.  This stranger introduces himself as Hedwyn, as his two cohorts contend the value of salvaging your life.  Devoted to intuition, the compassionate mortal convinces his allies to implicate you in their journey for absolution.Pyre puts the player in the role of ""The Reader,"" responsible for studying the Book of Rites, as a literate guide to freedom for the Nighthawks; one of nine original Triumvirates, created by the Eight Scribes for the Rites.  Banished to a vast purgatory known as the Downside, for cultural insurrection, you're tasked with directing your team through a series of trials designed to exonerate the supreme victors.  Ripped from the surroundings of the Commonwealth, the overall narrative begins to unfold, as the fate of the world above and below the constellations hangs in the balance.Stratified lore evokes an insatiable yearning to uncover the mysteries of this dark fantasy, as the player traverses the world through a storybook interface.  Transitions between extensive textual elements and combat establish an intimate dynamic between characters and evoke emotional commitment from players.  Deepening relationships between characters span the moral landscape, cultivating a sense of belonging among misfits.  The game's choice system often forces one to choose between strategic preservation or consequential altruism.  An abundance of diverging story branches, revolving around navigation and character choices, provide ample incentive to play through the campaign multiple times.Thoughtfully crafted backstories are delicately interwoven within the narrative, driving the core theme of enlightenment through trial and tribulation.  Each interaction between the expansive cast of characters feels fluid and natural, a testament to how comprehensively and cohesively Pyre was written.  Occasionally, the meticulous cultivation of the world results in drawn out text segments, which disrupt the overall pace of the action.At the core of Pyre's unique experience are the rites: real-time, tactical sport, which pits two groups of three participants against one another, with the aim of extinguishing the opponent's pyre by casting yourself repeatedly into the flame -orb in hand.  The rites serve as the only path to redemption for exiles, desperate to reclaim their place within the Commonwealth.Commanding narration amplifies the intensity prior to each match, as each team looms beneath a vigorous inferno they must preserve to achieve advancement.  Treacherous chasms, runic shrines and mobile impediments, promote mechanical and visual diversity within each methodically crafted arena.  Frenetic combat is navigated through astute positioning, as the player controls one teammate at a time in a rapid-fire exchange between offensive and defensive transitions.  Simple, yet intuitive core mechanics generate symptomatic moments of competitive euphoria.  Anticipatory maneuvering and clever timing open up holes in your opponents' defenses, in which you can make an attempt at depleting their pyre.  Proper team composition is paramount, and experimenting with each of the games' eight characters' varying aura sizes, abilities and mobility, produces a synergistic experience akin to most MOBAs.  Inventive gameplay, coupled with a practical leveling system, provides sufficient opportunities to implement creative strategies to stamp out your opponents in uniquely fun ways.Versus mode pits player versus computer or player versus player, in custom matches which allow each participant to select their team composition, their desired soundtrack and stage.  I spent several hours competing against the computer in the early stages of the campaign, developing strategy and honing my proficiency with each character.  While I haven't spent time competing in local versus mode, I assume it has the potential to ruin relationships and cultivate bitter dispositions.Supergiant Games is well known for the illustrious visual aesthetic of their earlier titles, Transistor and Bastion.  Pyre is no exception, and in many ways transcends the aforementioned titles with the breadth of its detail.  Surreal landscapes are brought to life with vibrant saturation.  Stark contrast between light and dark elements, utilize lush warm hues and soothing indigo; while ethereal lighting illuminates colossal idols, relinquished of their former glory.Characters are illustrated with muted brushstrokes of flat tones, blending subtlety within each environment. Animations flow seamlessly in conjunction with spell effects exchanged across the battlefield in dazzling splendor.  The sheer volume of animations occurring in the foreground highlight the vigorous pacing of Pyre's gameplay.Serving as a momentous backdrop for the overall atmosphere is a remarkable soundtrack composed by Darren Korb.  Robust acoustic guitar melodies, layered atop ubiquitous percussion, ebb and flow with spiraling captivation.  Haunting electronic notes transition into whimsical guitar riffs, subtle vocal harmonies and back again with compelling direction.  Korb's ability to merge such a diverse collection of sounds (harpsichord and electric guitar included), is uncanny, and a testament to his artistry.VerdictPyre combines inventive gameplay, emotive storytelling, alluring visuals and a moving soundtrack into one masterful adventure unlike any other in recent memory.  In an industry saturated with sequels and customary experiences, Pyre oozes originality and inspires imaginative risk.https://synapticgaming.wordpress.com/2017/07/29/pyre-review/"
,Recommended,462770,35037099,Posted: 17 September,all,Bernie Would Have Won,"It's a fantasy sports game with great music and an interesting cast of characters. If you liked Bastion or Transistor, you'll probably like Pyre, thouhg you'll have to not mind it's ultimately a sports game.At 30 hours, I've played through the game twice and then toyed around a little in the underdeveloped versus mode. My biggest complaint is that there is no online play mode available, although the game would really lend itself well to that if it had it. I also feel like the story mode could have gone on longer than it did and allow you more opportunities to recruit and send back additional characters."
76561198036647304,Recommended,462770,34618925,Posted: 30 August,all,SexyWoodenSpoon,"When we heard the people who made Bastion were coming out with another game, everyone expected them to make something that resembled Bastion.  They suprised us by bringing out Transistor a game completely different from Bastion.. They have an entirely different makeup of mechanics and combat gameplay style and that's shocking because most studios stick to what has worked for them in the past..  The only thing they kept the same was that both Bastion and Transistor had a stunningly beautiful story filled with aweinspiring artistic and musicial legacies..Pyre is no different from its previous legacies.. expect the story, the world, the art and oh God the music..  To all be above top notch.What is different is how you go about following the story and experiencing the world.  Before you had a character that went on a journey..  In most of Pyre it'll feel more like you're reading a book, then playing a game.. Funny how your character in Pyre is called ""The Reader"" who's main role is ""Reading The Book"" and experiences a story via a journey that you make choices for at every turn while not being the one pushing the story forward, quite like reading a book...The combat gamestyle is 169% different, this is similar to a telltale series, sort of.. Or maybe a classic turn based uh thing, sort of?  For those who didn't play Transistor or don't remember.. The combat style mechanic in Transistor was a VERY new concept.  Pyre will throw you for another spin on a very new combat style mechanic.  It isn't bad by any means, it just isn't what you expect.As with all SuperGiantGames titles so far the difficulty system is sort of built into the game..  It is as easy or hard as you want it to be.  If you want to just enjoy the story (and there is nothing wrong with that, the game is about telling a story after all)  then go to settings and select difficulty ""Reduced"", then when you go into rites do not select experience bonuses/difficulty enhancements.  As with their other games these options don't ""REALLY"" give you anything, it just increases the challenge for those who desire it.I honestly didn't expect Transistor to top Bastion for me...  While I was hopeful I also never imagined Pyre to top Transistor..  So now my all-time top 5 favorite games go like..1st: Pyre2nd: Transistor3rd: Bastion4th: Hyper Light Drifter5th: FactorioIf you enjoy story, then please buy this game. It is a gem that will stand the test of time and continue on Super Giant Games' legacy train.  Will their 4th game make it onto my list or will their legacy spree end with Pyre.. can they be so bold to awe us once again.  Only time will tell.12/10 now off to buy the soundtrack I go"
76561198144344860,Recommended,462770,33959598,Posted: 1 August,all,Bandit09,"don't get this game if you do not care about story. The actual gameplay takes a backseat to the story, which may bore someone who doesn't care about the characters or the world of this game.For the rest of you, this was an amazing game that I had a hard time being away from before I beat it. you should know that you can restart any rite through the escape menu, and that losing a rite won't make you lost the game.Pick this game up, you won't regret it."
76561198080149888,Recommended,462770,33998244,Posted: 3 August,all,LEGIØN,"Let me start off by saying I have at least 5 - 7 more hours in Pyre than Steam says.YouHAVEto go into this game blind for the full experience in all its humor, joy, and drama. Hard moral choices and colorful character design, along with beautiful artwork as well as a terrific musical score, are guaranteed to hit you right in the feels. Very rarely can a game make me grin or tear up. Never before has a single player campaign made me question whether I wanted to win or let a just as deserving opponent succede."
76561198324503025,Recommended,462770,35183721,Posted: 24 September,all,tresmantra,"A superb game, all around. The story is fantastic; the characters are complex and enjoyable. The gameplay is just top notch. This game's sound is one of the best in all of games. Heavily recommended. No complaints whatsoever. Get it meow. A+"
,Recommended,462770,34052493,Posted: 5 August,all,IDiivil,"This is, by far, my favorite of what Supergiant Games has released. It's also one of the few games where the choices actually mattered enough for me to close the program and consider my options before resuming. That's rare for me, so I have high praise for any RPG that can get me to do that.Overall, the story is great, the characters are dynamic, and the visuals are gorgeous. Like with any Supergiant Games title, you can expect a solid soundtrack to go along with all of that.I expect myself to be replaying Pyre quite a few more times to explore all the outcomes... Once won't be enough."
,Recommended,462770,35401176,Posted: 1 October,all,Centurionh,"If you're looking for a truly good story, then look no further. Pyre brings an epic, original story to the table (that you more or less affect based on your actions) along with a quite fun gameplay style. The actual pyre matches themselves are fun, but the fantastic story / writing is what kept me going.The art style and music should also be noted. It both looked, and sounded great the entire time I played.Still, if you're someone who desires a high action / intensity game, I don't think Pyre would be the best fit for you."
,Recommended,462770,35353465,Posted: 30 September,all,Scotchcat,"A sports-type game built into a choice-based RPG. Cool characters, fun mechanics without all that ""realism"" or sports fandom to bog things down. Pure fun."
,Recommended,462770,35336275,Posted: 30 September,all,Dashie,"Choices.Most games nowadays toss that word into their game, saying that 'every choice matters!' but putting very little emphasis on it. Pyre isnotone of those games. In Pyre, every single choice you make does matter. In fact, the choices you make changes your experience so much, that I think it's safe to say that no two people playing this game will have the same playthrough.The game focuses on a band of characters, each one extremely well-written and with vastly different backgrounds in a sort of 'visual novel' style game. Most of the game is done by reading dialogue and making decisions and, as such, story is the main draw of the game. If you're looking for a game that will give lots of action instantly, then I don't think this game will be for you.Another half of the game consists of a basketball-style sports game, though in a much more fantasy setting. Its few simple mechanics pave the way for surprsingly deep strategies and harshly tense moments. It's fun when it happens and every battle has some significance, as they affect the characters around you in some way.You might be wondering why I'm not giving specific examples, and that's because it's nearly impossible to talk about Pyre without spoiling the story. From the moment it starts to the moment it ends, Pyre is chocked full of surprises and twists, that would be a great sin if I were to spoil it here.The music too deserves special mention. Every track feels unique and the genre cannot be pinned down. Vocal tracks are hauntingly beautiful while the instrumental tracks set the mood perfectly. Never does one aspect of Pyre clash with another. The art, writing, sound and mechanics all work coherently together like gears in a perfectly built machine. Pyre was clearly crafted with vision and with all the members of Supergiant on the same page.In summary, if you're looking for a game that is more about the journey rather than the destination, then Pyre would be the game for you. It is the type of game thatcannotexist as any other medium. Not a book, movie nor painting. Pyre only works because it is a video game.And if you're willing to take the time to understand each character, the world, the people, the history. If you're willing to pass through the game, not by running, but by strolling through and enjoying every detail in it, then Pyre is the game for you."
,Recommended,462770,35349681,Posted: 30 September,all,brattychild98,"Pyre is a fantastic game. Like all Supergiant games, it boasts an amazing soundtrack, gripping story, and loveable characters.  It has a lot of replay value as you can get many different endings for every character, including NPCs.  I thought that the gameplay would get stale after a while, but after every rite I wanted to get on to the next one.  I highly recommend this game."
76561198042771716,Recommended,462770,35424946,Posted: 2 October,all,SwimmingRock,"Loved the writing, characters, story, escalation of events, music, gameplay and presentation. I genuinely have no complaints about this game and enjoyed every second. Giving you the choices they do at the end was just right. 10/10. Absolutely recommend."
,Recommended,462770,35307742,Posted: 29 September,all,stick100,"Great game-play, great music, great story, incredible soundtrack, good time.  Took 15.2 hours to beat, very satisfied with one play-through, maybe I'll do another one later."
,Recommended,462770,35352830,Posted: 30 September,all,WingedBeastie,"The short version?10/10, fun magic sportball and a lush world mean that I  will continue trend of getting SG games Day One.Now the long version.Each time I buy a Supergiant Game, I am blown away. It took me a long to play and finish both Bastion and Transistion, despite owning both titles for years. (Thanks Steam Sales.)  Pyre was a Day One purchase, which I try to avoid - but I thought that my previous experiences were warranted immediate support.I knew, probably from the moment I saw Jodariel's art, that I was going to love this game. I am still blown away by how much I do.Pyre expands on everything great about what Supergiant does and doubles - and in some cases triples -  down on the execution. The absoluteclarityof this experience is what blows me away.  Everything about this game serves the story that is being told, and despite having an impressively deep cast of characters none of them feels extraneous. The world is both vivid and clearly lived in and the Conlang used does a great job of sounding like a ""real"" language and helps sell one of the most subtly set up ""WOW"" moments I've had playing video games.If you told me that the team had disagreements about the narrative or how to handle a particular mechanic, I'd call you a liar because this game istoo cleanfor me to believe that anyone didn't believe in this title 100% from jump.Jen Zee's art is, as always, spectacular.  The various pieces of artwork for each character are amazing and the envirionments are always interesting to look at. There is so much detail that I found myself staring at the art in a particular area in an attempt to soak in all the details.  Even when characters share species, her designs do an excellent job of depicting the particular personality. Due to thoughtful color choices and some strong silhouette work. Hell, there are a pair of sisters that I think might be twins - who don't look related until you get agoodlook at both of them.Pyre does and excellent job drawing you in subtly to the life of this motley team we call the Nightwings. Much like Red and the Transistor before them, our protagonists are simplylikable. Different folks will gravitate towards different members of the Nightwngs, but in my opinion, they are are all so charming it's hard not to like all of them. Our antagonists are easy to root against, whether out out sheer spite, terror or some combination of the two but there is not a person in this game who could be called forgettable. Greg Kasavin not only writes the narrative for this game but also Sahrian, the conlang used in game that I fervently hope gets released.The All of the characters have their own interesting little tics (Barker's laugh, Sir Gilman's salutes and Ti'Zo's trilling come to mind). However I would be remiss if I did not make particular mention of The Voice/Announcer - played by Logan Cunningham. By now we all know how talented he is - playing five characters in the same title is no small feat. It's no small thing to say that as a constant presence, Logan's perfomance as The Voice is strong enough to carry most of the conflict proper and as the game progresses, his performance becomes more and more nuanced.I didn't think Darren Korb could impress me after Transistor's soundtrack. I was very, v e r y wrong. The environment music sets the tone masterfully and the character themes reinforce JenZee's work masterfully (Grand Ceremony and Dread Design have convinced me further that dude should make beats on the side). WhenIn The Flameswas released (which I believe is the song that plays in the trailer), I marveled at how his playing with harmony way back in Bastion's soundtrack came back in full force.Never to Returnis probably one of the best Fight themes I have EVER heard, in about twenty years of gaming and it never fails to show how heartstopping the Liberation Rites are.By the time you face Oralech in The LAST Liberation Rite, it has played six times and, even accomodating for the different verses for the other eight teams you play against - to me, the song retains its nearly ritualistic awe.The Rites themselves are best described as 3 on 3 magic basketball and The mechanics are fun. You select three team members and EVERYONE moves differently and has different abilities.  It's a game that's easy to learn and challenging to master. With the customizable difficulty thanks to the Titan Stars, the replay value on this is very high - striking a nice balance between strategizing and praying to god that this last pass works please please please.All in all, a deeply enjoyable experience and I really hope SG releases an artbook  forEVERYTHING THEY'VE MADE EVERthis game."
,Recommended,462770,35486328,Posted: 4 October,all,Ignacio BellGrande,"Good game mechanics. A lot like a sports game with fantasy twist and strategy. The mythology part of the story is great, although the story itself is a bit anti-climactic and i felt a little let down at the end."
,Recommended,462770,34434354,Posted: 23 August,all,Sumahto-Sensei,"Shining example of gameplay-story integration.Pyre's greatest achievement is not the stunning art style, the phenomenal music, or the fun and exciting gameplay. These have been present in Supergiant's previous games, Bastion and Transistor. No, where Pyre manages to separate itself from itself from its predecessors is in the way it has managed to integrate the gameplay into the story, making your successes and failures within the game into a key influence of the events and outcome of the story.If you're reading this review, I assume you're already familiar with the basics of the gameplay. The game is essentially a fantastical sports game, albeit a sport with high stakes. The story keeps going whether you win or lose, and this is the key reason why Pyre is so interesting and engaging. Losing a Rite, a single game of the ""sport"" in Pyre, does not result in a reload or respawn and another attempt at the game. Instead, your loss, and therefore your opponent's win, is recorded, influencing their standing amongst the other teams.Without spoiling too much, these internal rankings have a meaning, and will influence who you will encounter in more high-stakes Rites. In addition, the characters within your party have relationships not only with each other, but with members of your opposing teams. This allows the Rites to take on a more personal meaning, and a single Rite may have higher stakes than simply an increase or decrease in the standings.Your ability to influence Pyre's story extends to more than just the ability to get a different ending, though there are multiple of those, as well. After all, the ending is only the last bit of a 10+ hour game you're playing. Pyre gives you the ability to mold the entire journey, allowing you to have a personal experience, and adding to its replayability.The difficulty of the gameplay is heavily customizable, as like previous Supergiant games, you have the ability to use optional handicaps in exchange for higher experience gains for each Rite. I highly recommend not going for the safest, easiest options each time, as not only is winning everything not required by Pyre, but your personal experience will be improved by playing risky and experiencing the occasional loss.If none of the above sounds appealing to you, I don't know if I can recommend Pyre to you. I found the gameplay fun, exciting and challenging at its best, and merely easy and quick at its worst. I never found myself frustrated, as the fast pace of the Rites always kept things interesting.But what really makes Pyre special is the greater context of the gameplay, not the gameplay itself. If you don't care about the story, or if you're not willing to read quite a bit and get invested in the characters, Pyre probably won't be anything special to you. But if what I've described above sounds interesting, I think Pyre will be worth your time and money."
76561198007698407,Recommended,462770,33855933,Posted: 28 July,all,Hideous Savior,"Some would have you believe that Pyre is Oregon Trail meets Fantasy Rugby. In a sense they're right. Looked at purely mechanically that's roughly what Pyre is. Humans, however, are not machines. We feel. We contextualize. We give things purpose. We view one another not as bundles of atoms, not as bags of chemicals, but as friends and foes and lovers and strangers. We imbue the mechanical process of life with meaning.Pyre, then, is a game about living with your mistakes. It is a game about moving forward. It is a game about striving, always striving, against the odds, because to strive is to live.Pyre has no game over state. Succeed or fail, the world moves on and you must move on with it. At stake is the fate of you, your friends, and all you cherish. Glorious victory means, in some cases, a very real and immediate salvation. Defeat? Eternal damnation. But you must move forward. There is no time to dwell on what has passed. There are others to think of. You'll get your happy ending yet, you swear it, through tears and sweat. You swear thatWhen the stars alignThe Rites shall come to bearIlluminate the SignsThe Exiles shall be thereAll are not the sameBut three shall be as oneFreedom in the flameThe end has just begun"
,Recommended,462770,33800764,Posted: 25 July,all,Vurusgard,"""did we started the Pyre?""""Yes. the Pyre rises."""
,Recommended,462770,33800368,Posted: 25 July,all,Pixelbuster,"I'm a big fan of Supergiant's previous works with Bastion and Transistor and going into Pyre I hope some high hopes for it. While I do think it's a pretty good game, it has some flaws that I think makes it the weakest of the three games. While the gameplay is fun and the story is interesting what lets it down is the transistion between story and gameplay. It's a mess and one that I wish was done better, you have to get through a lot of flavor text. While some of the dialouge can be interesting there's honestly a bit too much to get in the way.One thing I will say is that the art director and music is phenomenal, nice to know they still got that right. I'm giving this cautious recommendation cause If you can look past this then I'd reccommend Pyre. Otherwise you're better off waiting for this to go on sale, it's disappointing that this game didn't turn out as well as I'd hope."
,Recommended,462770,33896282,Posted: 29 July,all,Lukalade,"+ Solid, fun gameplay+ A lot of likeable, interesting characters+ A lot of interesting lore+ Very modular storytelling, gives a lot of variety+ Sandra is bae- Very modular storytelling, the strength of modularity is also its weakness, makes the overall plot disappointingly straightforward.- Each party member is unique but ultimately equal in importance, meaning no one is that much more important than another. Could be good or bad depending on the player. I kinda don't like that.Lots of fun, I recommend it, but for me it is inferior to Bastion and I hope Supergiant can make a game equal or greater to that."
76561198153771422,Recommended,462770,33894613,Posted: 29 July,all,DOCTOREROCK,"I've nothing new to add that other reviewers haven't said already, aside from perhaps this:Most of the reviews, both good and bad have made, for the most part, very solid points.My take away is that if any of the following aspects interest you, go for it--you'll surely enjoy it.- Trying something new- Beautiful art work- An absorbing game setting/story- Arcade games- Classic sports games- Strategy games- Point and click- Visual novel- Fantasy-Psychedelia"
,Recommended,462770,34510993,Posted: 26 August,all,*^SaoSin^*,"Our journey is never ending struggle. We are bound to failure. We are bound to live. None have the right to enslave us forever. So here we are fighting for our future. No matter what the reasons are. No matter where we are. Why are we seeking freedom so desperately? Everybody perceives it in different way but we are all calling it in one voice, crushing one another.Nightwings will arise once again. What becomes of their name is up to you dear reader. The game or rather sacred ritual is both a catching eye show and a tactical feast. Outside the book of rites the long journey is written and illustrated beautifully with many interesting characters, their future is in your hands. Now at the very last, let the music lead you through your trials cleverly towards enlightenment.Pyre is not perfectly crafted world, it is neither heart breaking story. This is innovative experience and a very good visual novel styled RPG which I hope you will like and feel. There is only one wish remaining for me that...""We shall reunite someday under the stars.""PS: I've never played Bastion, neither Transistor."
,Recommended,462770,33835761,Posted: 27 July,all,cupmeme,Probably the best visual novel oregon trail basketball game out there
,Recommended,462770,33809748,Posted: 26 July,all,StealthDude,"Pyre is a great game from what I've played so far. Like supergiant games's other games, it has a great soundtrack, visuals, story and gameplay. The gameplay is fun, the story is compelling, there's nothing I don't like about it. As expected the art is really good and the soundtrack is amazing. I'd recommend this game to anyone especially if they've played bastion and/or transistor as pyre is just as good or even better than them."
,Recommended,462770,33867296,Posted: 28 July,all,DAFRANT,"The basic cycle of Supergiant Games releases:(I)   game releases(II)  ""this is their best game yet!""(III) listen to soundtrack(IV) ""this is their best OST yet!""(V)  repeatThis game is no exception, absolutely beatiful and the songs are a treat to listen to. Also most upbeat game yet, with some positivity! And a lot of really great characters! Absolutely recommended!"
76561197999750586,Not Recommended,462770,34396267,Posted: 21 August,all,Grendel,"Playing the game will be a chore unless you like the ""spirit-basketball"" it's built around.There are very few RPG elements, story is kinda nice but the core game is a gimmick that would qualify as a mmi-game in a different context.Art and music are as always excellent in Supergiant productions, but the fundations of the game are boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,462770,33907339,Posted: 30 July,all,N7_Maxima,"Pyre presents a captivating 3v3 superbowl game with gorgeous artworks of stunning collision of colors, intercept the orb with magic power, get touchdowns and aim to win the rites!!!Another Supergiant's masterpiece worth collecting. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,462770,33883509,Posted: 29 July,all,Sangga_Buana,"Had the most breadth amongst the three, yet somehow the least emotional. Lapses inherent due to the story structure broke immersion occasionaly.Exciting music as always, but didn't havethatsong that trancends the moment. Lyrics for ending song felt so forced it became hilarious.Thus, you can only nitpick, when the game is yet another timeless masterpiece.Everything else is as expected from Supergiant; near-peerless in depth and statisfaction."
,Recommended,462770,34022831,Posted: 4 August,all,Omich,"This is something I want videogames to become. Yes, there're lots of unnecessary writing, but it tells the story through gameplay, and it does it well.This is also the first time in a game where I've decided to lose to the final boss."
,Recommended,462770,33877275,Posted: 29 July,all,Atlatl,"more hype than nba 2k17, more half court dunks than nba jam, haven't gotten this mad at a single player game in a real long time"
,Recommended,462770,33875597,Posted: 29 July,all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"Another visually beautiful game from this company. The game play mechanics are simple, but it is rewarding when you start to grasp the details. Story heavy, told primarily with Interactive Fiction/Visual Novel style dialogue and decisions. Varied interactions and endings for the many characters. I really enjoyed the world and setting. Strictly compared to Bastion or Transistor it does not quite meet the same bar, but I was very happy with the game and enjoyed it all the way though."
,Recommended,462770,33893791,Posted: 29 July,all,Natemiester,"Before I begin, let me say this- If you have no patience for text-heavy games, or sports games, leave now.With that out of the way, Pyre is the third game from Supergiant games. I adored their first two, Bastion and Transistor, and I adore Pyre as well. Pyre is a game about you, an exile to the purgatory known as the Downside, leading a band of exiles to freedom. I cannot say more, or risk spoilers.Gameplay- The game has two main ""modes"". The first is a Visual Novel style interface where you interact with caracters, view your roster, make decisions on where to go, etc. The second is the Rites, a sort of fantasy-celestial ball game. You play as three exiles, each with their own abilites and strengths, but control only one at a time. Your goal is to either carry or throw the celestial orb into the opponent's pyre. You have multiple abilities both for movement (such as sprinting or jumping), and for offence, which will temporarily banish your allies. Overall, I found the system quite deep, with the perks and talismans for different character classes all making tangible differences to how that character played. If you find it too easy, there are three difficulty modes, and modifiers you can set which will cause negative effects (such as your pyre starting with less health), but giving you more experience.The other half is hardly much of a game, except as you make decisions about what skills to train, or what routes to go, which may help or harm your next rite.Story- There is a LOT of text in this game. Thank goodness it is extremely well written and compelling. The lore in the story is largely contained within a book, whose pages are slowly revealed to you, so it never feels overwhelming to read it. The dialogue, meanwhile, fleshes out the characters and their relationships extremely well. I felt a real connection to each of the members of my party, and several times was almost moved to tears.Art and Music- The dynamic duo of Jen Zee on art and Darron Korb on music work their magic again. Pyre is absolutely stunning. Supergiant seem to have a thing for vibrant, colorful wastelands/apocalypses, and the Downside is breathtaking, if inhospitible. The characters are expressive and well designed. Meanwhile, Darron Korb, assisted by the vocals of Ashley Barret, creates memorable and beautiful tracks for each of the opponents you face, and for the spaces in between the rites.Little Touches- This game is full of little things that didn't need to be there, but give so much texture to the world. Like the little items you collect as you explore, or the items which tell you where each party member is at that moment, or the fact that there is one character you can name one of about 20 names, which will then be reflected not only in text, but also in many voiceover sections as well. This attention to detail is what sets Supergiant apart from other developers.I highly recommend Pyre. If not now, then next steam sale. And pick up the soundtrack while you're at it. It is well worth your time. It is truely unique."
76561198072593342,Recommended,462770,33908915,Posted: 30 July,all,Skillwall,Woh! Is this what watching sports-ball is like for people who enjoy it??!
,Recommended,462770,33946433,Posted: 1 August,all,g0ggy,"A game that takes you on a journey. In a way the game reminds of Mass Effect and how you and your crew bond over time on a road without knowing the clear destination. The music, visuals, story and overall character development in this game make, unlike the space trilogy, Pyre into a complete title."
,Recommended,462770,33797766,Posted: 25 July,all,H2O,"Best dog basketball player ever since Airbud.But really, This game is so unique.Just saying ""a fantasy sport game plus visual novel with stunning artistic assets"" is enough to draw anyone attention."
,Recommended,462770,33982471,Posted: 2 August,all,BlunderFunk,all the negative reviews are the people you need to be afraid of in real life...they have no heart....
76561198073570716,Recommended,462770,34009228,Posted: 3 August,all,andre.heuer,Nice story with colorful imaging and good voice-over.The core mechanics of the game are always expanded by new areas and characters.Great game.
,Recommended,462770,33897997,Posted: 29 July,all,VivaU,"As a big fan of Transistor, my hopes was high for Pyre.I didn't expect something similar to Transistor and Bastion because of gameplay videos and had doubts but still bought it because of that sweet Supergiant magic.Pyre shines bright at World Design aspect.The world is very unique and literally brings the player into the game.Main gameplay is this sport thing where you try to extinguish the other teams Pyre but this is not all of it.You have other jobs to do as gameplay like talking to other characters, choosing where to go for different items/perks and this is the controversial thing about Pyre.It has that Visual Novelish style and lots of reading.I don't see this style as a con so I really enjoyed it.But, there are people who don't like this thing so I am not suggesting this game to people who don't like reading too much in games.On the other hand, all other things are good in Pyre.Characters written beautifully (with an exception for 1 or 2 but thats personal) and all of them has unique personalities.Story is maybe not at Transistor's level but its heavily supported by World Design which I think makes it very good.It has that choose your own adventure style so 2 seperate gameplay is different.This adds a little bit replayability.It lasts between 12-15 hours depending on actions of player and it makes Pyre titled as Supergiant's biggest game.Lastly, the Soundtrack.If you are familiar with Transistor and Bastion you already know this game has amazing music.Some of them were at top level.Never change Supergiant <3.Overall, I really enjoyed my time with Pyre and going to %100 it soon.I recommend it to thosewho don't mind some readingin games.Looking forward for more from Supergiant Games.Ti'Zo / 10"
,Recommended,462770,33846441,Posted: 27 July,all,RyanMakesGames,Very unique mix of light reading and sick dunks.It's great!
76561198025641441,Recommended,462770,35230731,Posted: 26 September,all,Vengeance,"The game starts off slow, tbh the first few hours was quite boring for me, I played the game on and off. In the later part of the game where you are more invested in the story, character and the Rite gameplay itself, then the game becomes much more rewarding and the games gives you more tools and informations to work with instead of dumping it at the start.The game just kinda grows on me, the only annoying thing about it is how much the character want to ""rest"" every 5minutes."
76561198014659867,Recommended,462770,35250794,Posted: 27 September,all,SexualYeti,"Come on and slam...I hate sports games. With a passion. The primary reason for this is that I am very much not a sports person in general and have always taken a dim view of the supposed value of them.With that said, I hope this illustrates how much I absolutely adore this game despite the main gameplay being a fantasy set NBA Jam.I think the reason why this resonates with me is both the absolutely drop dead gorgeous artwork and the fact that the story has a great of stakes to it. Succeeding in the Ritual (what the game calls a tournament) results in one of the characters that you gather in your journey to be the very best like no one ever was, forever leaves you.And these characters have a great deal of depth and story behind each one of them. They also possess tactical abilities that can assist you in the game and thus, you must choose between keeping a character with you in your journey and gameplay or let them be free to live out their own lives. It perfectly intertwines story and gameplay in a way I have scarcely seen in game. Not to mention it gives it great replay value. This couple with a deep well built world, hauntingly beautiful music and simple but challenging gameplay, I think this is as good as a game can get with someone like me who loves both art and story.For fans of visual novels, NBA slam or simply gorgeous illuminated artwork, I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,462770,35225948,Posted: 26 September,all,Rime,"Firstly I thought: what? what is going on? It's not the game I was waiting for. But..give it a chance, my friend, a bit more time, you'll see what an incredible story unfolds and you'll become a part of it.In this game you're a Reader and be prepared, you should read a lot to understand this gameThank you, Supergiant Games, for another authentic experince"
,Recommended,462770,35258447,Posted: 28 September,all,Hangry Eli,"At first glance Pyre seemed like a shallow repetitive sports game with a lot of text, but once I got into it I realized this is one of the most unique games I've played this year. With a memorable cast of odd characters banished from society, you must decide who goes free and who stays imprisoned in a barren underworld. And you will invent a whole lot of new curse words as you try to score goals in this fresh take on 3v3 soccer.Supergiant Games once again prove that they are constantly pushing traditional game genres forward with innovative thinking and daring ideas. The art is gorgeous, the music is suggestive and the gameplay is solid. One of my favourites 2017."
,Recommended,462770,34227403,Posted: 13 August,all,Zorak,"Pyre is another fantastic, narrative-driven game from Supergiant Games. Greg Kasavin has continually demonstrated an unerring ability to create natural, yet completely unique settings and narratives, and Pyre is no different. It has a deeply emotional tale of ancient rites, revolution, and comraderie, wrapped around... fantasy NBA Jam.It's one of my favorite games from this year, which is kind of crazy given how fantastic this year has been for games."
76561197998835820,Recommended,462770,33988992,Posted: 3 August,all,Theokid,"An excellent lesson in letting go.Beautful art, divine music, amazing and diverse set of characters, with an interesting story and buckets of lore.The Pyreball gameplay may not be for everyone, but it has a good amount of variety and fast paced strategy.Also one of the few games where while your decisions may not completely change everything, it has some little changes that really make them feel worthwhile."
,Recommended,462770,33975742,Posted: 2 August,all,Derram,"Wow. Just wow. This is my first Supergiant game, and if the others are as good as this I will most asuredly be playing them as well. It's rare for a game to draw me in so completely, but the story, lore, presentation and gameplay of Pyre managed to do exactly that.Reasons you should get this game:-Genuinely emotional and gripping story and decision.-You get to play magic ritualistic basketball-You get to witness the end of an age and the fall of an empire.-You can confess your love to a giant Demon-Woman-You can make friends with a dog-thing, a snake-thing and a bat-thing.-You can live out the rest of your life with a cute girl trapped in a crystal ball.-You can trick a cultist into believing her ancient god has abandoned her.Reasons you should not get this game:-There are no reasons you should not get this game.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,462770,34076061,Posted: 6 August,all,Kalt,"If you liked the other Supergiant games, you'll probably like this one, especially if art and music is a strong factor in your enjoyment of games.Pyre has been described to me as ""Oregon Trail meets NBA Jam,"" and that description isn't wrong.  Less lethal than Oregon Trail, to be sure, but it takes a structure of ""Journey, make decision, resolve event, repeat a couple times, then face an adversary in sports combat.""  The fact that it plays more as a sport than a life-or-death battle may make it feel less impactful at first, but once I was invested in the story, the stakes of each battle weighed more heavily on me than any RPG before.There is lots of text - I'd consider it 40-60% visual novel - but though the pacing flagged at times in the middle of the game, I never felt like I wasted my time reading it.  It gave me a stronger sense of connection to the characters I was traveling with, and the characters I faced in each Rite (the name for the sports-combat encounters).  The story gripped me, and many of my decisions felt like they mattered, whether for future character development or the ultimate outcome of the game.Pyre raises the stakes by not simply giving you a game over if you lose.  Each victory or loss still moves the story forward, and the simple lack of a reason to reload from a previous save gave me greater and greater investment in each Rite.  Because these Rites had story-driven stakes for everyone involved, I was tempted to throw certain Rites in the favor of my opponent (and did indeed throw one or two).Also, I totally cried, and not always out of sadness.The music is wonderful and complements the characters and situations well.  I can only think of one case in which it was distracting, and for the particular character it accompanied, it still made sense.  For the song used in the trailer, I felt like the lyrics were a little too on-the-nose, but when I listened again in the context of the game I warmed up to it.The art is beautiful and evocative.  It paints an almost whimsical world with a lot of character, appealing on the outside with an undercurrent of the hostility of the land of the Downside (where the game takes place).  The characters themselves are all well-designed, and their paintings give good clues to the surface of their personalities.The Rites themselves are interesting and fun, too, and do an important job in terms of both pacing and contextualizing the story; they complement the story quite well, but didn't fully click with me.  I still had a lot of fun with them, but a few moments of frustration (but was still able to succeed when I felt I needed to, with some effort).Conclusion:I strongly recommend this game to anyone who's willing to put in the time to participate in a great story.  I completed the game for the first time in ~19 hours.  Faster readers could probably complete it more quickly.  I'm tempted to play through again - the ending is significantly influenced by the choices you make and the Rites you win and lose, and I really want to see other potential outcomes for each of the characters I met along the way."
,Recommended,462770,34745909,Posted: 4 September,all,Sharpevil,"Very yes. All the good things you much like from other megabig games is here, including:Good Music: Very good music to hear while playing game, and also perhaps when not to playing the gameGood Characters: Many good characters make you feel emotion of friendship.Good World: Very big world with much details, make you feel like maybe it is real??Good Gameplay: Gameplay may be wrapped around 3v3 basketball, but still have many rpg goodthings. Passive items? Potions? A skill tree? To this I say yes!Also a dog can have a moustache but maybe you don't like this. It is your decision, and you will be happy either way."
76561198149228675,Recommended,462770,35267542,Posted: 28 September,all,Moon'sDeity,"Here's my After First Review of Pyre, where I review the game after at least one playthrough of it.https://youtu.be/j7DEH8qORQY(Minimum spoilers such as some character reveals, no spoilers on the story.)If you've been in love with Supergiant's previous works in terms of art & sound, Pyre delivers yet again without questions, perhaps better than before. Striking colors, beautiful sceneries that is worthy of a space on your wall are present throughout the entire game. In terms of music, there are more varieties this time around too. Narrator also returns with remarkable performance, playing a different role compare to previous games. Paired with well written characters and whimsical lore, you might even get drawn into reading everything even if you're not into heavy texted games like such. However, the sports-like combat is a departure from their previous titles, so do expect something different in the gameplay department. But with that said, the combat is nothing short from being innovative. You'll soon realize the 3v3 ritual combat contains depths worthy of learning, and it's a shame that the game doesn't provide online multiplayer (local multiplayer only). Pyre is a game that'll leave all your senses in awe. A rare experience even in video game's standards. A journey worth embarking."
,Recommended,462770,33869315,Posted: 28 July,all,Menime,"This game is the third game by Supergiant Games, makers of Bastion and Transistor. This game has fantastic writing and character development outshining both their previous games. I believe it was also the longest of the three games. If you are a fan of story in video games, this is the video game you want to pick up for 20$.For some positives as I do not want to spoil anything in particular. The world feels real and lived in. Every part of this world is interesting and beautiful. The art design is gorgeous even for Supergiant. Every single character feels like someone, no one is merely a throwaway. Parts of the game even made me start to tear up. the writing is amazing and has that classic Supergiant ending, where the ending can be seen in an equally optimistic or pessimistic light. Most importantly with Supergiant games the soundtrack is consistantly better than their previous titles. After finishing the game I even purchased the soundtrack just to support the development team even further.For the negatives of the game. There is only one as I see. The gameplay is, in my opinion, significantly worse than both Bastion and Transistor. It is a strategy-esk gameplay style where you manage 3 different characters. While on paper it sounds interesting, in reality it is nothing more than a 3v3 dodgeball/basketball type expereince with slight character variations. Personally I didn't HATE the combat, but compared to that of their previous games it is nothing to praise.Overall, I highly recommend this game to those people who love story and narrative and are willing to sarifice gameplay for it. If you like any Telltale type game, it's practically that with more gameplay. In case you, Reader, are wondering how overall this stacks up to Supergiant's previous outings, I say this game is slightly worse than Bastion merely because Bastion's gameplay is phenominal, elsewise this game does have better narrative and charatcer in my humble opinion. Meanwhile this game is better than Transistor, because Transistor's falls short in the narrative department heavily and suffers from a combat system that some have called 'clunky'. While I am not saying any of these games are bad or even eh, I love all three of these games and their AMAZING soundtracks, the order in which I would say in quality is Bastion>Pyre>Transistor.If this review was helpful to your decision to purchase this game I am glad I could be of use. May the Scribes favor you Reader."
76561197970344153,Recommended,462770,33847723,Posted: 27 July,all,Stygian6,"Pyre is hard to not reccomend. Aspects of it are among the best games ever made. If you have ever enjoyed a choice driven story RPG, and aren't put off by a real time 3v3 experience that enhances the game whether you win or lose, then I would EASILY reccomend playing Pyre. Even if you are on the fence about the RPG story or the Star Ball event game, I would still reccomend. Every part of the game was handled with care and a refined sense of style."
,Recommended,462770,33855116,Posted: 28 July,all,BrightOrangePants,"Three-on-three astrology basketball. What?Seriously though, this game already has me.Like Bastion and Transistor this game exists in a wholly created world that's rich and compelling, along with a fun central game mechanic.  Even the ♥♥♥♥ing hover-tooltips have me glued to my monitor.  Some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥s going on and I can't wait to find out what it is.I bought this game on pedigree alone, and it's exceeded my expectations thus far.  If it suddenly starts to suck this review will change to reflect that but I'll be damned if I'm not confident that won't happen."
76561198070002175,Recommended,462770,33857165,Posted: 28 July,all,Gudeg Bu Yu Djum,"ball so hard, the gods be damned"
76561198144629373,Not Recommended,462770,33817873,Posted: 26 July,all,ChangMingDong,Gameplay gets boring fast. Every fight feels the same an is very easy.Story is boring.Onine multiplayer is a need or this game is going to die fast.There are only a few different looks a character can have in the game. Making every character feel very similar to eachother.
,Recommended,462770,34780735,Posted: 6 September,all,Mohd_PH,"Great gamewhich is expected from Supergiant Games, I can't wait for your next project"
,Recommended,462770,33796463,Posted: 25 July,all,DwarvenHydra,"Definitely will update when I've finished, but first impressions are that this is a great game, with the same quality we're all used to from Supergiant.It's a lot different from their previous games, but that certainly doesn't make it bad. After all, Transistor was different from Bastion, but it's still one of my all time favourite games.The playable characters are all endearing so far, especially Rukey and Bae, and I look forward to spending more time with them. The voice acting is all wonderful as well. It's done in a constructed language mostly based on Latin which sounds gorgeous.It's definitely a lot more text heavy than their previous games, so if that bothers you, I'd approach with caution. The devs mentioned drawing inspiration from Fire Emblem, and I can see that in how they tell the story, and the general flow of the game: They'll present you with a cutscene, developing the characters nicely. After that is a battle, perhaps with a few lines of text thrown in around the beginning, middle, and end. Next is another cutscene, and then an optional look in their wagon to talk to one of the characters. I personally don't have a problem with this, but I'm sure there are plenty of people who would be turned off by this.The battle system is also an aspect which I thoroughly enjoy, but understand why it might turn people off. When you get down to it, it's a sport. You have to pass the ball from teammate to teammate and get it to your opponent's goal. Some people, if I understand correctly, are complaining about only being able to control one character at a time, but I honestly don't think there's any other way around it. It's not like it can take a similar route to The World Ends With You without being incredibly difficult and clunky. The settled upon system does take a bit of getting used to, learning how to pass and position your teammates effectively, but I personally found it incredibly satisfying once I got the hang of it.Finally, I just want to end on the note that Darren Korb's soundtrack is amazing, just like in Bastion and Transistor. It fits the world perfectly, and is honestly one of the main reasons I was excited for the new game. If you don't buy the game, I highly recommend you go tohttps://supergiantgames.bandcamp.com/and purchase the soundtrack, as well as those for Bastion and Transistor if you haven't already. Darren and the rest of the team at Supergiant put a lot of love and hard work into their games, and they have definitely earned my support."
,Recommended,462770,33794813,Posted: 25 July,all,PKblaze,"A quick review after an hour in.Unlike Transistor this game feels like a far step from the comparisons that could be drawn between Supergiants prior games. (Bastion and Transistor)It is so very different from the two prior released titles which in this case is not a bad thing. The game is less action RPG and more of a weird hybrid of a Visual Novel melded with some RPG elements and a sort of sports game. This works really well as, if you are a fan of Supergiants work, you will know full well that the atmosphere and aesthetic that their games ooze lends itself perfectly to something such as this.The environments are beautiful, the characters are well designed and the detailed polish is all here. A signature of Supergiant to the T.Gameplay wise as stated it is more akin to a visual novel majoritively so far. There's a lot of reading so if you're into that you'll get a lot out of the game. There are various decisions to be made along your path as well and as stated the various RPG elemnts which are impacted by said decisions. These effect how the sports-esc section can be influenced. Effectively you have a 3v3 game of American football (To specify) wherein you must carry the orb to the enemies fire pit and deposit it (Or alternately lob it in) sounds simple no?That's the trick. Underlying this are various other mechanics such as character abilities, differing character types and the aforementioned RPG elements which all play into how you wish to partake in this segment of the game. Assumably as time goes on these differentiate further as is seen in the trailer to allow you to tailor your team to what you personally prefer.So far I have been having a good time with the game and hope that if you are interested in Pyre that you may pick it up and try it for yourself. I don't think you'll be disappointed.(Also if you wish to see some gameplay, I'll have videos going up shortly -https://www.youtube.com/user/PKblazin)"
,Recommended,462770,34945337,Posted: 14 September,all,heartshaped_net,"Care shines from every facet of this game! Rites strike a perfect balance between being fun and being simple; the artwork and voices are top-notch as usual; the characters are varied and interesting; the UI is UTTER PERFECTION. Maybe I’m a bit overexcited right after finishing the story, but you get the point!"
,Recommended,462770,33908390,Posted: 30 July,all,OLco,<3 Jodariel
,Not Recommended,462770,33827070,Posted: 27 July,all,BONAFIDEMONAFIDE,"The story seems interesting, the visuals are beautiful, the music is great, but the gameplay is lackluster. The game is more like a visual novel broken up with small chunks of gameplay. The gameplay gets extremely repetitive as you do the exact same thing over and over again. Sure you may unlock some new characters along the way, but it doesn't really change gameplay significantly enough to make it interesting. The 'RPG' elements are a joke, as they are just minor stat boosts that make no significant impact. As much as I wanted to like this game, the fact that I don't even want to play the actual game is a big issue. If this were just a visual novel, I would have no complaints. The gameplay is so monotonous that it makes me not want to continue on."
76561198044727531,Recommended,462770,33861062,Posted: 28 July,all,Rumia,10/10 because you get to keep Sandra as waifu
,Recommended,462770,33985115,Posted: 2 August,all,Irving,"In short, when a game makes you want to lose to a CPU so it can go free, that's amazing writing.The music, being a Supergiant game, is par for the course, even exploring styles I wouldn't expect to hear from Korb and his team.As for the gameplay, it's complete and well balanced, but the lack of online multiplayer may be a sticking point if you're not into replay value, which this game has from its branching paths."
,Recommended,462770,33813195,Posted: 26 July,all,Hektor Hernández,"SuperGiant did it again.What a lovely, beautiful and unique game.I can safely say i've never played anything quite like it, i hate sports games yet i found it very fun and engaging, the RPG mechanics are nothing to write home about thoThe other half of the game is made of of what is basically just a visual novel, but it is rather well written and the characters are fun and interesting, shoutout to Ti'zo and Greentail.The art is amazing and the story while nothing overly complex does a good job, not unlike their past two games.Only thing i'm disappointed by is that the Soundtrack is a bit more subdued this time around.I haven't played it, but i think the local multiplayer can also be very entertaining if you happen to have someone to play it with.3/3 for SuperGiant"
76561197989376705,Not Recommended,462770,33814530,Posted: 26 July,all,dogg,"Boy, do I hate rating this down, but I'm sorry I have to. Maybe if the first line of the product description hadn't been ""From the makers of Bastion and Transistor"", I wouldn't have had preconceptions about what to expect.There is a lot here to like for the right type of gamer, but it's not for me. I've never been a big fan of games inside of games, even as an aside, but Pyre felt like something very different than I expected. Almost a distraction from the 'real' game that never appears.Noone's perfect, and I own both Bastion and Transistor (great games), but I think SGG missed the target this time."
76561198010605504,Not Recommended,462770,35187048,Posted: 24 September,all,Illuvatar,"The artwork and soundtrack are phenomenal, like in all supergiant games.The actual gameplay has two components: The wagon and the rites. Unfortunately, I dislike both.- In the wagon, you travel around, talk with your companions and read books. Sounds good, but you have very little meaningful choice. It's more of a choose-your-own-adventure book than a game (especially since the dialogue is not voiced).- Occasionally, you will compete in a rite (what others have described as a sports game). In the beginning, they are super easy, later they become very frustrating because the controls are horrible. (I played with KB+M, don't know if it's better with a controller.)"
76561198114993782,Not Recommended,462770,33819123,Posted: 26 July,all,kidvid333,"MOST IMPORTANT THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW!THIS GAME IS NOT BASTION OR TRANSISTOR!THIS GAME IS A VISUAL NOVEL!THE ""BATTLES"" ARE ACTUALLY JUST A GLORIFIED BASKETBALL GAME!IT GETS REALLY BORING REALLY FAST!World Map: AmazingOther Graphics: MediocreSound: just okStory: didn't care/super boringGameplay: not funFrom the creators of Bastion and Transistor comes a game that's not even remotely close to as cool or fun as they were.The game is ~90% you reading dialog, the other 10% is divided between staring at the awesome world map (no sarcasm), minor character upgrading that doesn't really matter, and playing a very awkward game of basketball.It goes like this:Read a ton of dialog that's not very interestingPlay basketball with the team you've been equipping and upgradingRead a ton of dialog in order to get back to being able to play basketballrepeat loopMy main issue is that the core of the game is the basketball style showdown.  In order to experience that part of the game, you have to wade through a mile of text.  Then when you get there it's really just not very fun.<<This chunk describes the core gameplay more thoroughly>>The matches are set up 3 v 3 on either side of a small map. The objective is to get the ball and take it to the enemy’s core.Without the ball players have a damaging ring around them that will temporarily kill enemies that touch it.  The radius of the ring is generally based on the size of the unit, bigger unit/bigger ring/slower movement, smaller unit/smaller ring/faster movement.  Players also have the ability to charge and throw a ground wave that will kill enemies as well.When a unit has control of the ball they lose their attack ring making them vulnerable.  Using the agility of the player carrying the ball you need to dip, duck and dodge your way to the goal evading the enemy’s death rings and thrown waves.If you throw the ball close to an enemy you can get them to intercept it, which then makes them vulnerable and you can run them over with your ring then pick the ball back up and continue.It's not that it's difficult, as even on the hard setting the A.I. didn't seem to be a threat.Another issue I should explain is that you can only control one player at a time, and otherwise they just stand in place with their attack rings sort of guarding that spot.Your enemies core has hp, delivering the ball damages the core and you win when it is destroyed.  The amount of damage dealt is again mostly determined by the unit, slower units deal more faster units deal less.Afterwards your players get some xp which seems to be dependent on how many times they scored that game.  They level up and you can select some mostly lack luster skill upgrades.Sounds kinda fun right?  It's not.<<End of chunk>>The world map is an incredible work of art. It just is, it's really neat.  I feel awful that that's the only positive comment I can make.Final Thought:I feel like I was deceived into buying this, and I am willing to admit that that's half my fault.  By starting out the trailer with ""From the creators of Bastion and Transistor"", I was instantly like ""guaranteed this is gonna be sweet""! . Immediately assuming the product was going to be along the same caliber of game, unique as those titles are.Bastion and Transistor were both really great masterpieces showing the potential of the team.  Pyre somehow missed the mark completely.  I went into this game without looking anything up as I prefer to play blind to achieve a better feeling of discovery as a game progresses.  That's how I played both Bastion and Transistor, and both were an awesome experience.  I wish I had checked it out before hand, if I had known this is what it was I would not have bought it.  Certainly not worth $20 to me with what it has to offer.The main goal of this review is to hopefully keep likeminded people from wasting their money on something they're going to end up hating.Please don't downvote me just because you're a Supergiant games fan, cause I am too.Supergiant games.....you guys broke my heart."
76561197969545781,Not Recommended,462770,33822826,Posted: 26 July,all,Chad Sexington,"loved bastion and transistor.  but this gameplay is some kinda harry potter meets nba jam kind of thing.  I have no idea whats going on heredespite the scenery/art/music/etc being AMAZING and as on point as always, theres no gameplay to back it up.  and im not one for buying those story-only games.  had to refund this unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,462770,33802644,Posted: 25 July,all,AEther,"I absolutly love bastion and transistor, and i was very dissapointed with pyre. the gameplay is fun, but only for multiplayer, playing against bots in campain mode is quite shallow and boring. the graphics were quite nice, espessially in 4k, but i really just dont like the whole storybook feel. if i want that, i will read a book. Very disapointed."
,Not Recommended,462770,34645305,Posted: 31 August,all,Twitch@CockSucker69@youtube,"For how artistic and well designed the inside of the hub area for the player is, the rest of the world struggles with an identity. If it isn't in part to the either bland and over saturated worlds that suffer from overuse of color and lack of proper direction, you then enter a realm devoid of actual story but rather, drawn out through books and not through dialogue lore.It speaks volumes that the music itself in the game is devoid of much direction either but ""what sounds cool"" and boils down to darren korb writing a song that has little depth outside from the first listen, it becomes a larger problem when your faced with the liberation rights that have the same duet sung over and over again. I will admit the first time around I felt the weight of the song, but after having heard it a total of 8 times (However many it takes to liberate the whole party.)It hurts me to say that a lot of the heart that was in bastion's rustic and diverse world just isn't here. What felt like more of a constructive expansion of a lot of the story and design from bastion boiled down to one note characters with little to no personality (Aside from the basic motivation. Ex. ""I want to return home to find my lost lover."") That simply through the plot goes nowhere beyond giving you the player a half baked excuse of characterictization.Of course you sometimes get some chances to talk to them inside the hub area, but that goes nowhere beyond some fluff pieces that are easily forgotten or have at least some semblance to their character. (Dog with moustache asks if he should remove his moustache. And another instance where by clicking a bell inside the cottage a large number of times ticks him off and he removes it.) The saddest part is, that this is the really the only places where ""Choices"" matter, let alone the true highlights in the story.I'd say the problem from a lot of the writing stems from the fact they wanted to focus on a large cast of characters that only piled up the larger the world grew, and instead of just downsizing it they kept it large and wrote lukewarm dialogue for characters you wouldn't remember after the first encounter. Even then, a lot of it falls into the family of obtuse and overused tropes. ""The large beast with a heart; Love from the strangest of places; A failure with a heart of gold;The wild child."" I could go on, but the problem speaks for itself when these tropes are done but boil down to nothing as the lack of character interaction between the player and the characters are thrown out the window for lackluster gameplay segments, these breaks should in theory work to fill in the gaps of character interactions and dialogue. Countless games do this and I won't name them for the sake of consistent review, I will at the very least point out the problems with this design.Gameplay has always been king for games, but some games sell themselves on choice and story to complement the mechanics. We can argue about good characters and even argue about proper design, but we must first look at the problems from underwriting characters and poorly paced gameplay segments that are meant to serve as a ""break"" to the player from the story. If neither complement the other, from lack of developing team's foresight then the failure falls on the writing team for failing to tell a proper story with consistent player choice, and the game designers for failing to tie in a proper pacing and cohesive design to the use of music and the design of areas.I could even write more about the problems with the choice system being intentionally misleading at some parts, and even some parts proving to gut a lot of good back and forth character banter. The best example of this is the situations where you can ""try"" to have some sway on character romance. I say ""try"" as the writers intentionally baited you in with the idea but never intended to let the player choose. Even so much as having sway goes nowhere as the sidestories for said characters take their course the way they were written, making every choice meaningless and no fluff to even validate the choice occuring.All in all, I expected more from the company who sucked me into the world and music of bastion. And let me dig through flavor text in Transistor."
76561198018445518,Not Recommended,462770,33797573,Posted: 25 July,all,Magic bullet,"This is something weird... I'm a bit torn on this one. I tried to love it, but it's definitely too slow pace and boring at large. the gameplay is somehow interesting because of it's uniqueness, but i found myself just mashing the button in dialogue to meet the challenges quicker. which are not really challenging to say the least. The art style is really awesome, and as i said gameplaywise it's unique. I guess it's just not getting to me."
,Not Recommended,462770,33890538,Posted: 29 July,all,Anro,more of a visual novel than a game
,Not Recommended,462770,33824519,Posted: 26 July,all,Aendyr,"Nothing to say that other people haven't said better, it's a strangely paced Visual Novel with an unfun mini-game attached to it.  The Rites are dull and painfull easy.  The characters are enjoyable but they're stuck in a boring, repetitive plotline with a very unsatisfying ending.  I kept waiting for the game to get good and it just never did.  If you still end up trying the game and don't like it in the first hour or two, that isn't going to change later on."
,Not Recommended,462770,33876521,Posted: 29 July,all,Gujin,"What would look like yet another quality video game from Supergiant Games ends up selling itself short in the one department that matters for this medium; the video game portion of it.Pyre is a fantasy quest similar to The Oregon Trail where, to an extent, your choices end up mattering enough to have the game decide the fates of you and your party, and I'll at least say it's a very unique experience. The gameplay portions compromise of something similar to basketball, or Final Fantasy X's Blitzball mini game to an extent, where you control a party of 3 interchangable members and fight against other ""teams"" to take the ""ball"" and shoot it into the opposing ""goal."" Obviously each of these has their own fantasy terms, but I'm simplifying it to give the reader an understanding of what they're getting into.And really that's as simple as it gets. One of Pyre's major weaknesses is how barebones the gameplay aspects of it are. While different tech exists and each character (to an extent) plays differently enough to vary themselves from one another, there isn't much depth aside fom each race just functioning differently from one another. And the game never takes advantage of this as much as I'd like it to similar how Bastion's weapon upgrades provided a far more unique experience depending on what you relied more on as the game went on, nor does it get to a fun game-breaking compromise like Transistor did with how many different elements and powers you could mix and match to make each encounter feel unique. Pyre has none of that, where the most upgrades you'll acquire in this trip will amount to making your character slightly faster, making their aura slightly bigger, slightly reducing stamina consumption, and so forth.To those that have already experienced Pyre and question why I'm harping on so much about this, the gameplay, might also understand where I'm at least coming from. Where in Bastion and Transistor, the video game itself co-existed with the game's narrative and story-telling, now the gameplay takes a much un-needed backseat to the story itself. While Bastion had minor interruptions or break points when you return to the hub every time you explore a world, or Transistor gives itself a break after every couple of battles to let you examine a codex or read up on a passed away citizen, Pyre does the complete opposite, letting you take a break from mashing through text with a 3 minute match of basketball. And while ""mashing through text"" is harsh, as I will admit that the rest of the game itself is amazing, from its visuals to its soundtrack to the amount of time and effort was put in crafting this world, its story, its characters, and so forth, it doesn't nor will it ever feel right to see what should be the most important aspect, the gameplay, being used to give players a break, rather than the other way around.And as such, this becomes an incredibly hard game to recommend to others. $20 is a hefty price for a product that is essentially an interactive book, and while I would like many people to experience this adventure, it's hard to justify the support of a product that can essentially give the same exact experience if you were you just watch a playthrough of it instead. And that's really harsh to say about the game, because I spent an obscene amount of time playing the other games prior. I just don't see myself coming back to Pyre after this initial playthrough, regardless of the minor story changes that could await me on multiple playthroughs.I'd say either get this game on a sale (obviously) or give it a download when it inevitably comes to Playstation Plus's ""Free"" Game program as Transistor did."
,Not Recommended,462770,33877061,Posted: 29 July,all,februarywar,"The game has superb music and visuals, but it isn't enough for me to love it.Gameplay is nearly non-existent: it is a visual novel with some mini-games in between cut scenes. Characters (so far) feel uninspiring and a little bit dull.Being a huge fan of Bastion and Transistor i feel very disappointed after playing Pyre, especially after waiting for it for a couple of years.I'll try to give it another chance in the future, but now i don't have a slightest desire to continue playing it. Damn shame."
76561197991817821,Not Recommended,462770,33807721,Posted: 26 July,all,Boink,"As art?Visual Aesthetics - 9/10Writing Ability - 4/10Reliance on rather tired cutesy forced tropes - 5/7As a game?Edit: said I'd review the score after playing longer, so this is a different review to what people have voted on. Be aware, some light spoilers, tagged.Ok, have played much more now (up to unlockingTitans- fairly sure that the time played is incorrect, feels like much longer. Muuuuuch looonger, experienced advanced aging while playing).The major issues are:Visual novel / main map:Pacing - the start of the game introduces concepts / play stylesincrediblyslowly. You also end up sending a characterto Enlightenmentvery early on, removing them from the rest of the game - meaning, in practical terms, you'll want to meta-game this & dump a weak / bad character rather than a stronger one. You only really understand this afterwards, however. Likewise, you unlocksailingearly on - it is used for a couple of maps then rendered entirely pointless - the first chapter literally shows you the entire map in a linear fashion, so don't expect surprises from then on.There are large parts of 100% pointless busy work: when youget the power to fly: no,really, it's just given to you, you don't actually have to collect anything / find a NPC, do anything at all for this ability, it just magically unlocksyou have to fly between maps. There are a couple of ""interest points"" (which mean a couple of fluff lines of text / codex page) but otherwise it's pure filler. It has no role at all, no real freedom, it's just there as an interactive (ish) ""look at the pretty map"". Which is fine the first time... the seventh time? Zzz.Due to the nature of the Visual Novel part, you'll find yourself making trite choices - 100% each conversation there's an obvious ""be best friends and get a bonus"" options. You will take them. Friends are magic. Friends always do X. Oh, and someone needs to point out to the writer that ""Freedom from Fear"" can also equal ""Genocide is Good"" the way they've worded it, for the record. The philosophy is at High School level.Now, the major major issue: the actual gameplay.#1 Feedback / control is loose / non-precise. Lost count of the # times a jump was slow or the stamina bar wasn't quite full enough (which has no feedback) for a dash or a block. The AI, of course, doesn't suffer this issue often leading to annoyance. Given the AI is controlling three players at once, while you only control oneand non-controlled characters do not do anything, not even rudimentary AI / dodging, this can get quite annoying.#2 The playfields are tiny - one character can literally jump 1/4 of the length to score instantly. This leads to quick scores / speed > any other tactic. Why bother passing? Exactly.#3 The characters are not balancedat all. There are characters with skills / stats / abilities that 100% are better than others. Meaning when dumping characters, you'll want to dump the bad ones first unless you're playing for the narrative.#4 Pacing in the game parts: glaaaacial. Loading screens / resets / narration / scoring animationsliterallylast longer than the play-time (5-10 seconds to score, esp. in early games or with fast upgraded characters, see #3). This isn't related to computer specs (i7, 16 gig ram, 970GTX, Win10), it's deliberate. Oh, apart from: there's no 3-2-1 / countdown to the ball being released - not a great design mechanic.#5 You can throw the ball at characters, forcing them to hold it while they're mid animation for blocking / using a special ability. Guess how exploitable this is? Yep...extremely.#6 The RPG lite stuff doesn't really appear to do much in practical terms. I've upgraded a talisman to level 20 (which then vanished when that characterascended, thanks for nothing you ungrateful sod) but playing with much lower level heroes, as long as they're the fast ones, doesn't really change the experience.~It's competitively priced, it's beautiful and I can quite clearly see the appeal. The problem is that the actual game play is, quite frankly, annoying.Buy it, but be warned: it's an acquired taste."
76561198046308297,Recommended,462770,33882166,Posted: 29 July,all,süpeurhaüt,"This game could change the game.The concept is fantastic and fresh: You lead a band of exiles in a plane of purgatory, competing for freedom in a ritualistic sport tournament while preparing a rebellion in your homeland. You read the firmament before every Rite to seek your new adversary. The rest of the plot is then driven by the rich and varied characters populating the game. Congratulations to Supergiant for designing a fascinating narrative structure that must have taken endless hours of work into lore and dialog.I was always eager to progress in the game, impatient to either advance the story or finally play again another game. The sport itself is great. It actually triumphs over simpler basketball or football videogames through variety in gameplay, as the game provides a (greatly welcome) large roster of team members with their own unique capabilites [spoier](Jodariel's the ♥♥♥♥ing bee knee's dunk machine and by god that Presence amount late game is just filthy)[/spoiler]. The level up system and talisman mechanic also keep the game addictive and fresh.As always, the soundtrack is also quite memorable, though doesn't shine as much as Bastion's gritty guitar songs or Transistor's lounge singer chic. And as always, kudos to Supergiant for making the soundtrack available on youtube.The artstyle also spoke to me much less than Transistor's colorful futuristic approach and seemed much more in tone with Bastion, but if anything I have to give props to the sheer effort produced, the game looks wonderful. Also, the ritual uniforms are incredibly badass...The game's... important. It's new and original and blends different genres seamlessly, it definitely overtakes Hollow Knight as my indie darling of the year.9/10 Another Supergiant game I'll play at least once again every year"
,Recommended,462770,33872209,Posted: 28 July,all,Left Shark,NBA 2k18 looks great.
76561198074319605,Recommended,462770,33820524,Posted: 26 July,all,Lacksey,"After playing through the whole game, I have to say I highly, highly recommend this game to anyone that enjoyed Supergiant's previous 2 games.This is no point and click narrative as some might suggest. You have to work for it.Music and art without a doubt are spectacular as per Supergiant's past games.The storyline, choices to be made, and character reactions are all up to you and do impact your game's final end (here's looking at you telltale).All this being said, yes, as others have said you do have to read a bit (as per usual Supergiant titles) to know the story. Much critique of the past games were complaints in having to seek out the story rather than be immediately immersed in all the details, so I'm sure this is what came of those critiques. You do have the option to skip out on conversations or just skim through the lore, but honestly this amount to detail is impressive idk why you would.It's easy to just cast this as a VN after playing for only a few hours, and while there's tons of story it is still a game at heart with all your efforts ultimately focused on the gameplay. This active gameplay and your participation or lack thereof determines your story's route.This game takes a bit to get the hang of and I can guarantee around the 4 hour mark you'll get used to the fantasy basketball rules and strategies. But you do have to give YOURSELF some time and patience to get used to the game's interwoven story and action scenes.If you're not truly invested it can get a tad repetitive towards the end, but trust me this game takes hold of your emotions and refuses to let go until the very end..so I guarantee you'll be pulling through for your team to the last moment."
,Recommended,462770,33889333,Posted: 29 July,all,Hupsel,Very cool game with a good story and characters.
76561198150996922,Recommended,462770,33818362,Posted: 26 July,all,thatisthegoat,Better than FIFA
,Recommended,462770,33803801,Posted: 26 July,all,apple,help im having fun
,Recommended,462770,33801428,Posted: 25 July,all,Anonysaurus,It seems I got overhyped.
76561198091924147,Recommended,462770,33844215,Posted: 27 July,all,A. F. Kay,"This game really caught me off guard, The characters the soundtrack and the hard-hitting decisions solidify this game as one of the better games i've played in quite some time. As you amass a group of exiles you and your character grow more and more attatched as you find out why the person is exiled and what they do to deserve to be thrown back into society. The colorful cast of characters ranges from a tsundere demon lady to a snake knight bent on gaining his honor back. Every decision in this game really felt like it impacted the overall picture and one mistake could lead to the destruction of your image to your friends. I'd highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story and a more sports inspired battle system. The campaign will most likely last you 15-20 hours but it has large replayability to determine what will happen if you chose a different character to be set free or if you chose to make another character stay.also fae is bae"
,Recommended,462770,33898478,Posted: 29 July,all,Scipionem,"Incredible art, characters, and narrative. A sad story presented as a visual novel rife with difficult decisions to make."
76561198008096574,Recommended,462770,33916924,Posted: 30 July,all,Noriuk,"There is a certain niche of gamers that play games as a pallete clenser for reading books. These are your Baldur's Gate enthusiasts, your Final Fantasy fans, and the folk that suffered through Dragon Age II for the lore. Pyre is a game for these people. That's certainly not to say that Pyre is bad. Rather, that the focus of the game is narrative, and that there are many for whom that would be turn-off.Fans of Bastion and Transistor will recognize the storytelling and art quality that have come to be Supergiant's calling card. The gameplay is a deviation from usual one-person dungeon crawl, to the delight of some and the chagrin of others. Those who loved Fire Emblem and XCOM might be pleasantly surpirsed should they give it a shot. The characters are one-and-all interesting, and their fates are in your hands. A single lost match can irrevocably change how the story ends (beware ye save scummers, you'll find no purchase here).Overall, Pyre is a good game that appeals to a specific kind of person, which may not be the same type of person that enjoyed Bastion and Transistor. Readers are encouraged to think about what they want out of a game before purchasing."
,Recommended,462770,33936107,Posted: 31 July,all,Matumbo Jones,meh
,Recommended,462770,33798503,Posted: 25 July,all,Norm,Pyre: Shut Up and Jam Gaiden
,Recommended,462770,33889070,Posted: 29 July,all,archdeco,"Let it be known that if I wasn't controlling one of the teams I would root for the Dissidents every goddamn time. Every other team is so gloomy. Your games are pretty gloomy, Supergiant. LET'S BOIL SOME BLOOD. \m/(>_<)\m/"
,Recommended,462770,33905734,Posted: 30 July,all,Cool Trainer♂ Voltare,"its fun yo, but diffrent, and thats okay."
,Recommended,462770,33820698,Posted: 26 July,all,🦇SpookyPhoenix🦇,"Supergiant Games continue to impress in Pyre, a story driven by player choice as they face off against others in a 3v3 match to extinguish the opposing team's ""Pyre"" before they can do the same to you. What appears to be a simple game on the surface however, is so vast in its story telling that it becomes nothing short of amazing. Everything that the player does, from chosing how to interact with allies, right down to whom the player decides should be ""liberated"" alters the story in a way that makes it feel unique; as if you are carving your own path in this game and not following a preset path laid out by the developers. This goes right down to even losing against your opponent which, unlike most story driven games, does not mean a game-over, but only continues to adjust how the story is written; and this includes if enemy characters are liberated themselves.As per the usual with Supergiant Game's games, Pyre looks fantastic with its colourful artstyle and the music is nothing short of fantastic; setting the tone perfectly. While the controls can be wonky at times, after a couple hours of play it is easy to ajust yourself to get used to them.A brilliant game which I would recommend to anyone who loves a good story and interesting gameplay to boot"
76561198089038873,Recommended,462770,34095871,Posted: 7 August,all,Major Tanya,"Dear Reader, for such a game created by Supergiant. I will proudly say that this game is beautiful yet harsh. Similar to it's predecessor: for beautiful art and melody the story is by far the least harsh among the three. It requires understanding of a sports game and visual novel and a hint of a slightly interesting form of 'Mercy'."
76561198012098370,Recommended,462770,34052272,Posted: 5 August,all,Dice_Destroy,Probably better than Bastion.Ti'Zo best character ever.
,Recommended,462770,34068906,Posted: 6 August,all,Angry Toaster,"Pyre is a masterpiece, the visuals, story and unique combat work so well together and it shows SuperGiant can get away from the heavy narration that they are known for.The music once and again is beautiful, one of my favorite games of the year.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQOnMWz4sJ8"
,Recommended,462770,34066512,Posted: 6 August,all,dtromblee,"Just finished my first playthrough... Has there ever been a game as beautiful as this one?The story, the choices, the music, the artwork; Supergiant somehow managed to outdue themselves.I had many doubts going into this game, because it was such a departure from their previous works, and the notions of 'Visual Novel' and 'Fantasy Basketball' did not fit into my gameplay worldview. And yet, I learned to love their storytelling; for the depth it allowed and, in my honest opinion, the incredibly compelling mythos it wove of the Commonwealth and the Downside. The rites also grew one me, for both the hiddens layers of strategy they contained, as well as the real challenge they presented, in skill and meaningful story implications.=============[Slight Spoilers Below]Let yourself get lost in the world of Pyre, let yourself lose rites (by which I mean don't restart them until you win), especially Liberation rites, and feel the ripples of those changes, and you'll see a game not about winning, but experiencing as an equal amongst the exiles of the Downside. While I chose a slightly more 'standard' path on this run, I still had unexpected defeats and min-maxless choices that pushed my tale along in unique ways. Possibly the most compelling was the final choice, which, due to my previous actions (and losses), led me to choose opposite what I had planned since the very beginning.I cannot wait to see what happens when different Triumvarites (teams) succeed and others members of mine are Liberated.=============[Slightly More Siginificant Spoilers Below]My last thoughts, and only real criticisms of the game, are the difficulty spike upon rematching your opponents for the first time, and the relative difficulty of using the Titan Star modifiers.While in some ways I appreciate the extent to which it threw me and led to unexpected choices, I believe introducing what really can be called arbitrary difficulty spikes should have come much earlier on. I decimated the first 8 rites, and such, wasn't truly forced to learn strategies until a string of back-to-back-to-back defeats immediately after, which definitely resulted in frustration. I persevered, and am all the more satisfied in my eventual clawing back to dominance, but I've discarded games for less, and I worry that there will be some who miss out on the best moments of the game because of it.I don't believe the gameplay should be easy, just the curve smoothed slightly. Perhaps a slightly more configurable training setup in the Beyonder's Crystal could help too (I actively avoided Versus to avoid any spoilers, however minor, it might have).On the same note, because of the inherent difficulty even on standard, I felt little room to experiment with the Titan Stars. Those signature Supergiant difficulty modifiers were a major source of replayability in Bastion (and to a lesser extent Transistor) for me, but even the standard play in Pyre was often overwhelming, and almost every time I tried to use one, I was trounced. I foresee myself getting skilled enough to use the more effectively on future playthroughs, but even in my first Bastion run, I had several on at any give point.I'm not sure how much more easy reduced is, but perhaps it's worth try in order to tailor one's difficulty on a first playthrough.=============All in all though, I'm enamoured by this game, and will be replaying it soon and likely often."
,Recommended,462770,34205382,Posted: 12 August,all,Phlegethon,"Third Time's The QualmSo... the disliked one.I dislike sports. I think they're over-funded in the name of youth exercise, inherently repetitive and, for the most part, have rotten cultures. If the stakes were liberation from the underworld in a deity-deigned ancient rite, however, I might flip the channel from time to time. At least the involvement of the ancients probably cuts on costs somewhat.What is this blasted experiment that stole away that non-extant combat-centric Bastion and Transistor follow-up, then? It's sui generis sports á la ancient rite, baby! We've got a ball to grab, symmetrical courts you'll tour the land to play at, fire baskets to dunk or throw said ball into, players of defense and offense to eventually retire one by one in liberation rites, a mix of penalties and tackling in elimination of players from the court using offensive powers, league tables with playoffs for the final liberation match, little imp fans to impress, self-inflicted handicaps by the gods, and all the emotional turmoil of personal face-offs in friends, siblings and species you could desire. Supergiant has succeeded in whittling down sport to its very core precedents and concepts, including its veneration as a godly structure.For people the likes of me who'd choose to rain down white phosphorus onto a football pitch if they'd had a bad day, this is the 'Harry Potter/Star Wars version of chess' version of a basketball-alike. Which is to say, it's thankfully got a violent streak in radial banishment and exchange of ranged phlegethon - now we're taking! It's that additional dimension of tactical pull and push wariness combined with extremely varied non-human players that is sufficiently UNLIKE  actual sport that makes this bearable. It might seem off-piece to be comparing this directly to sports; this is a video game with the kind of magical wonderment that would demand crippling regulation, after all! It's important because of what it's not. I'd only play a sports game if someone threatened to expunge the world of Pyre, so it must be doing something right. What's more, it's as hard as you want it to be with the in-game handicaps you impose on yourself. If there were any issue with these, it's that they're too obviously an advantage to the opponents that you have to overcome, which can be dispiriting. I wouldn't shake the hand of an opponent I'd had half the pyre health of. Definition of a handicap, I know, but I wish there were another form of difficulty modifier. A more boring one for an idiot like me to not get querulous about.On the flip side, we have the context, delivered in stunning fashion from the deliverers of the best-voiced narrators of yesteryears with... text and static representations of characters. It's a compromise of sorts. There's simply an unparalleled wealth of lore, dialogue backed by a free-movement/board travel system to boot. It wouldn't have been conceivable to treat the production as they traditionally have. In fact, it's written and presented in a way that's arguably preferable. Comic lines emanate out of characters to emphasise their emotional state and each character lets out a comforting mumble placeholder. The presentation is immaculate with the smallest details ingenious. Case in point, names and places can be hovered over for a wiki summary - giving rise to the question of why this wasn't invented alongside the wheel.Dialogue choices exist and can be as interesting as being quizzed on your concept of freedom, to moustaches - should they be purged from this world? Yes. These are intelligently backed up by the same hover summaries with a thought justification for each answer you can give. It's not much agency, but it's enough to connect and proceed to miss said characters when they're liberated. Choosing who's liberated IS, in fact, your main form of agency. A responsibility for which you're never pressured, threatened, nor bludgeoned round the head over. These sure are some amicable acceptors of their fates. Your selection of where you'll play and by extension whom you'll play against isn't quite as spellbinding. It plays into the league tables and determines who you'll face in the big league liberation rite, but... who cares - if you win. If you resist the urge to load, the game startlingly offers no fail state. In that case, who is liberated can have numerous effects on what happens topside. That's more like it. Most interesting, and flying in the veritable face of the game mechanically, you may feel it is your opponent who deserves liberation. THAT is a moral quandary with urgency and weight that propels the game around the sun and back it's so engaging.Might be too long. Just a smidge. The game openly tells you its pace is about to hit terminal velocity and at that point, when you're spoilt for pace, you wish only to break the laws of classical physics, go faster and make it end. A sentiment shared by anyone reading this review."
,Recommended,462770,34073368,Posted: 6 August,all,Mushu-Wu,"It's like Rocket League, except no one's yelling at me and I'm actually not terrible at it."
,Recommended,462770,34158278,Posted: 10 August,all,how you not fuckin' with cash?,"They should have called this game I Hope You Like Text.  I am a massive fan of Supergiant Games but this effort just didn't land with me.  As usual the art design, sound design, and music are fantastic (even if the some of the songwriting isn't up to par).  The biggest issue I take with this game is that it isn't enough of a game!  There's basically one single mechanic, and on top of that the controls and handling during the Rites are fairly loose and sloppy.  The narrative didn't carry the same emotional weight as those of Bastion or Transistor did, and I feel like the story was let down by having such limited gameplay to engage with.  Both Bastion and Transistor revealed a lot of their story through the gameplay, and the Rites in Pyre did not afford that opportunity.  At the end of the day the game is still innovative and still takes chances, I just feel like they missed the mark they were trying to hit.  All that said, I will continue to support Supergiant and I can't wait to see what they come up with next, and I hope they're able to get back on track and keep up their excellent quality.  I'd still recommend this game if only for the art and music and to check out the mechanic while it's still fresh, but maybe wait for a sale before deciding to go through with it.  6.5/10"
,Recommended,462770,33831527,Posted: 27 July,all,Insomnicron,Supergiant does it again.If they have earned your trust with Bastion and Transistor then Pyre will deliver on that good will once again.
,Recommended,462770,33833031,Posted: 27 July,all,Lumeka,"Short version at the end.I just finished Pyre, the game lasts around 11/14 hours (if you rush it, 10/11 hours ?...). And I'm thinking about doing a second run, because I really enjoyed playing it.True, if you're here for gameplay and gameplay alone, it may not suit you well, because you'll stumble upon a lot of text and lore, and story. The gameplay in itself is really simple to understand, and you're not fighting as much as in Bastion or Transistor. In fact, people should stop comparing Pyre to these to because it has nothing to do with them.+ :- Awesome OST, do I need to say it ?...- Awesome world, full of lore. If you like reading and learning things about the world you travel in, you will not be disappointed.- Gorgeous artstyle, as expected.- Unique characters which are well developed. You always learn more on them.- A really good and moving story. It's nicely told, and you will find a lot of details across your journey showing that the developers really put their hearts into this game. At first, you may think that the game will be boring because you feel like you will do the same things over and over again, but in fact Pyre always finds a way to surprise you and make you interested in keeping on playing. (while feeling really involved with the story itself).- You have choices to make. If you're really into narrative games, you will really have a hard time doing some choices. Your companions' future is in your hands.- Many little things I can't think about right now, but that I really enjoyed during my 14 hours.- :- Of course, is you're looking for deep gameplay and new mechanics rather than a story-driven game, just, Pyre is not for you. However the fights are really fun to play I think.- The fights themselves last for around 2 or 3 minutes I guess. You can make them harder, but knowing that they are really easy from the start, if you want challenge, you may be disappointed.- Keeping on with the ""I want to fight"" point of view, please take in account that fights are, I think, 30% of the game ? Even if the story is driven by them, it's not the main interest of the game at all. Actually, you may even use the fights to have aditionnal dialogues rather than thinking of a reliable strategy.IN SHORT : Pyre is relying on its story, its music and artstyle, and it is helped by the presence of dynamic and simple fights. If you want a story driven game, immersive, with a really good lore and a bit of cool fights, go for it. It's truly a work of art, and a great and moving journey awaits you.If you want a game with a lot of fights and great strategy and all, don't buy it. Or buy it, because I would like everyone to do it, but be aware that you may be disappointed by the gameplay.By the way, still waiting for a Ti'Zo plush."
,Recommended,462770,33832809,Posted: 27 July,all,Makujah,"On the paper it sounds pretty dull with a dash of weird: a ball game with heavy visual novel elements, but beyond that there's a magnificent breathtaking fairytale.It is not as perfect-in-every way as Bastion.But it is a Supergiant game, just as we all love it."
,Recommended,462770,33824807,Posted: 26 July,all,Real exile hours,I played 12 hours in a row... The sun is up I should sleep.Wow.
76561198058529683,Recommended,462770,33824022,Posted: 26 July,all,Paraversal,"At first I didnt think I'd like, have never been big on sports games. But you start playing this and you meet the characters, you then get hooked. The gameplay is fast without being overwhelming, the art style doesnt at any point become messy and remains gorgeous and the characters remain dynamic and charming the whole journey making you want to resolve the game to its fullest."
76561197969856814,Recommended,462770,33838764,Posted: 27 July,all,HI,"Supergiant is the Midas of game devs, everything they touch is gold. If you liked Bastion and Transistor, you'll like this. The atmosphere is there, the characters are interesting, the story is compelling (I'm not sure how far I'm from being done- about 40-50% I think), and the gameplay is fun."
76561198125088287,Recommended,462770,33839496,Posted: 27 July,all,TeapeRex,"Pyre is another superb supergiant game. It has all the qualities that madeBastion and Transisitor great. Pyre is intriguing, with a beatiful art style and a fantastic soundtrack. It is also similar to superghiants other ventures in the sense that the story has enough mystery to keep you interested until the point where you are fully invested in the characters. I would highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a charming game rich in character and depth."
76561198049714945,Recommended,462770,33860851,Posted: 28 July,all,Doomteam,"Supergiant games...the masters of storytelling, great characters and godlike music. It is all here, mixed in with somekind of a weird baseball-ish fantasy sport.The gameplay is simple (This ""game"" is called the Rites), there is an orb, grab it and get it to your adversarys flame (Pyre). What makes this interesting is the fact every character has their own strength and weakness and the matches are short and fastpaced. Also, you level up your party, choose masteries for them and equip talisman which provide different bonuses.It is hard to review this game without spoiling anything but the rest of the game apart from the Rites is basically a visual novel with choices. This is probably my favourite thing about the game because the characters are so well done and their past, motives and such are revealed in slowpace.I really really recommend this game, especially if you enjoy brilliant storytelling and great characters, which happens to be the things Supergiant Games nailed perfectly once againHrahh-nyeh-nyeh-NYEHHHH!!"
,Recommended,462770,33965212,Posted: 1 August,all,Spookyolumi,"just recently finished the game and i must say its one of my top favorite games of all time.amazing game, great art, astounding soundtrackreally reminded me of Transistor in some aspects but was still its own unique and beautiful gamei highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good story game.9.8/10"
76561198042488225,Recommended,462770,33860222,Posted: 28 July,all,Reshif,"When two characters fight in a movie, the viewer needs to have stake in the outcome in order to be engaged.  Regardless of whatever choreography or explosions might be on screen, unless the audience both cares about the characters and fears that they might fail, the conflict will not be interesting to watch.Games don't neccessarily have this problem, as overcoming obstacles as a player is satisfying regardless of context.  Pyre isn't a game to rely on this, however, which might be a turn off to some.  In fact, Pyre goes to great lengths to make sure that narrative context is at the forefront of every encounter, in a way that no other game has managed in the past.What's at StakePart of conflict in film and literature is the supension of disbelief, because there's a very good chance the protaganists will come out on top regardless of what they're stacked up against.  Many good works offset this with their characters and doing a good job of convincing the audience that failure is possible, but truly great stories embrace failures.  It gets a little bit tiring when the world is going to end for the fourth time and the heroes save it, but when what's at stake is a setback rather than death things become far more believable, especially if failures have already occured in the story so far.Generally, games will handle failure with a game over screen and make the player restart.  Some will up the ante by imposing larger punishments for failure, further increasing the investment players have in their successes and mistakes.  Pyre on the other hand, is structured to allow the game to continue through any outcome.  Even if you end up restarting anyways, the existence of an unfavorable outcome removes the need to suspend any disbelief.  Add on to that the fact that the outcome relies on the performance of the player, and you've got a personal investment that feels unlike any other game.  I can confidently say that for these reasons, I found many of the battles in Pyre more intense than the closest ranked matches of the competitive games I've played.Characters and StoryOf course, none of this matters if you aren't interested in what's happening to begin with.  Luckily Supergiant has a good track record with storytelling and Pyre is no exception, even with its ambitious non-linear structure.  Though to be clear, calling the story of Pyre non-linear might be a disservice, as that would imply that it follows a format of branching off of player decisions, which isn't entirely the case.  Instead, the narrative of Pyre is more accurately expressed as instead the story of each of its characters woven together, each with their own goals and motivations.  Each character has a part to play in the ""bigger picture"", but at its core Pyre focuses on the path of each of its characters and how they affect eachother.  The way that each character expresses their own ideas and motivations is intoxicating and incredibly easy to get sucked in to.  And even if you only connect with one of the characters off the bat, well writted dialogue and relationships will quickly get you to fall in love with the rest of the cast by extension.Another large part of the narrative is the role of the player as both a driving force in the plot and as a character who interacts with and influences the cast.  You don't just play as the leader overseeing the group, you play as a part of it, and the characters treat you as their equal.  When the nightwings are competing in the rights, they aren't just relying on you as their leader to lead them to victory, they're relying on you as their friend to help them achieve their dreams.Supergiant WorldbuildingSupergiant Games is known for integrating art, music, and narrative in the creative process from the get-go, and it shows in their products.  Bastion and Transistor boasted concise and well developed themes that were expressed through every aspect Supergiant had at their disposal.  By contrast, Pyre seems less focused, when you can often go between whimsical to heartwrenching, sea shanties to hard rock, or from relaxing exploration to fast paced gameplay.  Despite this wider scope Supergiant has taken on with Pyre, everything still manages to feel like it belongs as part of the world, and much of that has to do with tying themes and tones to members of the extensive cast of characters, and to specific events and locations.  This variety adds a lot to the world of Pyre, and serves to further the distinct nature of its characters.Magic BasketballAll of this so far isn't to mention the truly unique experience that is the rites.  Pyre brings combat mechanics and respawn timers to a ""sports game"" premise, where traditionally you wouldn't be able to knock your opponents out of the field.  The combination yields something that might be considered an entirely new genre of game.Many others have stated that the gameplay can feel repetitive later on, and in some ways I'd tend to agree, but not in a way that's uncharacteristic for Supergiant.  In Bastion and Transistor, balancing different approaches is done in a way that lets everything be strong once you figure out how to use it.  You can usually find a strategy or loudout that you can rely on for most of the game, and variety comes from level design and enemy variety.  Occasionally you'll be put into situations that will reward you for switching up your tactics, but very rarely will your strategy simply not work.In Pyre, every arena is an oval with two goals and some obstacles, and each side is made up of three characters all trying to do the same thing.  There's the potential for finding variation with the classes, but many of them just feel like different ways of doing the same thing, just a little bit better or worse.  There's also the potential for building strategies around items, abilities, and combinations later into the game, but the campaign is for the most part paced such that it ends as soon as you've reached that point, which is probably the appeal of versus mode.  This is also held back by mechanics put in place that both reward and force the player to vary up their character usage to a certain degree.It's very possible I ran into repetitive rites because I found a character whose class and dialogue I really liked, and used them as much as possible.  As much as it seemed like a good idea to keep using the character I was attached to, I wonder how much I would have enjoyed learning to effectively use each member of the cast instead.  Part of this might also be that the game encourages and sometimes forces you to vary your team of three, but does little to dissuade you from using one star player for the majority of the campaign.Despite these complaints I still had a lot of fun with the rites.  They're unlike anything I've played before and the core mechanics are very satisfying and well developed.  Even the AI is surprisingly well done despite its quirks when dealing with certain classes (at least on standard difficulty).ConclusionPyre is unlike anything I've ever experienced and that alone is enough for a reccomendation from me.  But even without all the unique ideas I covered in this review, Pyre is a well done game, and I don't think I really mentioned that enough.  I suppose that's just expected of Supergiant at this point, and they're somehow still outdoing themselves.please add online multiplayer i'll give you money for it"
76561198007579261,Recommended,462770,33903161,Posted: 30 July,all,Bomoo,"If you know how agonizingly picky I am about these things, I do not say this lightly, but Pyre is yet another instance of absolutely unalloyed perfection. Supergiant seem incapable of producing anything less, and the only studio capable of rising to such a height. But how is the game perfect? Let us count the ways.Game design, check.Art direction, check.Music and voice work, check.Writing, ending included, check.An exquisite, magical experience you will kick yourself for missing if you do pass it up. As, really, are both of their previous games. So stop reading these and go give it some time yourself.Oh, and I'd probably venture to recommend you use a gamepad for this one, over a keyboard. I started with M+Kb, but switched to my Gaben Controller™ a few hours in and never looked back."
,Recommended,462770,33892837,Posted: 29 July,all,Schweinsteiger,Gameplay is lacking depth but but the game more than makes up for it in sound and story.
,Recommended,462770,33841866,Posted: 27 July,all,callcifer,"Against all odds, Supergiant Games have yet again managed to exceed their previous work and present us their most impressive act yet.Pyre is beautiful, heartfelt and mesmerizing. Everything we have come to expect from Supergiant is here; the vocals, the artwork, charming music and an impressively well written story.If you have enjoyed Bastion and especially Transistor, you are going to love Pyre. Me? I can't wait to see what they come up with next!"
76561198041300903,Recommended,462770,33850656,Posted: 28 July,all,Ferrous,Football manager finally has legit competition
,Recommended,462770,33837740,Posted: 27 July,all,I-Goola-I,"Beautiful story, gorgeous visuals, relaxing gameplay. This isn't meant to be a super challenging experience. It's a place to go and have fun, without feeling the heavy grind some games can create. A bit repetitive. I feel this would have done better as an iOS game (I'm sure it will release on iOS down the line)."
,Recommended,462770,33793515,Posted: 25 July,all,Sirouw,"IMPORTANT NOTE:I will edit this review again and again. So the more I get to play the game, the more I will have to tell about it in this review.I have to admit. I put all my trust into Supergiant Games to make another fantastic game after Transistor and Bastion, so I have preordered Pyre with a great hype and excitement. Even though it is to be considered a sin in the gaming community, I have faith in Supergiant Games, for as they are my favourite indie game developers ever since I know them.Having that said, my first impression of the game was very positive. Everything seems so smooth and polished. This seems to be the result of three (maybe more, maybe less) years in development. This gives the feeling that the devs have put a lot of work and love into the game.The artstyle of the game is simply gorgeous. Of course this is a mere question of preferences, but if you like the artstyle of Transistor or Bastion, you will surely like this one as well.The sound and the animations fit together nicely. Tbh I dont have much else to say about this, as I am a big fan of the main voice actor from this studio, therefore my opinion being overly positive than neutral. (Logan Cunningham is the name of the great man mentioned before).Finally (for my first impressions), I would like to mention the little details the devs added, which give the game that little touch of... something. You know, the thing that makes you really enjoy the game to the fullest. Each keyword, name and location is highlighted. Hovering over it with the cursor, there's a short description of the person/place. I personally have never seen this small feature in a game before, but I love it. It helps you understanding the story with all it's characters (of which there seem to be a lot). It's not just this, but when you play the game, pay attention what reacts with the cursor. A small but beautiful detail which lets the game feel more alive.Having played the game now for a bit more, I shall share my opinion with whoever this review is reading.The biggest difference to Transistor and Bastion is the focus on the story, rather than a mix of gameplay and storytelling. The rites you conduct are the primary gameplay you get. Rather than having control of the main protagonist all the time like in the last two games, Supergiant Games took a step into another direction, where there's more of a competition in the game. Conveniently this made it possible for a multiplayer mode, another change Supergiant Games made.However, as this is a more negative aspect of the game, it's effect is positive overall. For instance, adding more diversity into the core gameplay mechanics.(Every mistake in grammar or spelling is reasoned with the fact that English is not my primary language)"
76561198103954057,Recommended,462770,33961538,Posted: 1 August,all,4 your trash can only,"Pyre is one of my favorite games ever I recomend it to anyone. It mixes sport games with comedy and action into a wonderful game that anyone would enjoy.Graphics (10/10)The visuals are a sight to be hold, when you begin you are thrown into a beautiful hand drawn world filled with colour, it is very beautiful to look at and it really suits the theme of the game.Story (10/10)You are a nameless person who is called ""The Reader"" you are found in the middle of a place called the downside (which is were the commonwealth send their exiles) by a group of exiles known as the Knightwings. You go on a quest to participate in events known as the Rites which is were you face another group of exiles. The goal here is freedom and to achieve that you need to explore and find new members for your party. While you don't have a choice for who joins your party you can decide how you interact with that person, be that by talking to them giving them advice or trusting their judgement. It is your story that you get to tell. There are many plots twists and there are always questions that need to be answered up until the ending of the game, which perfectly ties up the game.Controls(9/10)Here is my only complaint when you are facing an opponent and you get your character with the orb over the pyre sometimes it doesn't respond and sometimes the controls feel a little awkward when trying to traverse a gap or when sprinting. Other than that I think the controls feel nice for the most part and you can feel the drawbacks and positives to a character when controlling them.RPG Aspect(10/10)This is were I enjoyed the game the most Now unlike some other RPG titles like Final Fantasy there isn't much action in the game. Most of the time you spend will be developing the characters in your band of exiles, and creating a unique story. This game makes you think about more than just the action, like for instense while facing Pamitha's sister you hear her say that she hopes we lose to her sister as she feels responsible for sending her to prison. This makes you think about what you're doing. I found myself letting others win sometimes but either way it makes you care about your actions because it makes you not only connect with the heroes but also with your rivals in the game. This makes it so that you start to actually care for you opponents and sometimes you let them win because you feel they deserve freedom more than your group. This makes the story very compelling and emotional.Music (10/10)I absolutely loved the music. Each character had their own musci and it fit their personallity perfectly. All the music was nice to listen to and not once did i lower the volume of the music. SuperGiants are known for their great soundtracks and this is no exception.Overall this game is perfect and I recommend it to anyone"
76561198060329362,Not Recommended,462770,33792686,Posted: 25 July,all,╚BL!NKs╝•罗杰胜•,"----------------------------------NEW REVIEW----------------------------------As much as I love Supergiant Games. I cant finish this game. It was just boring to me.So repetitive. Too much talking. We used to like Supergiant Games because they always blended dialogue, narrative and story WITH the Gameplay. Now they are completely separate. To be honest im reading dialogue of these characters 90% of the Game. Then i get these abilities that don't do much. They are really shallow and unrewarding.Summary:-Posives:-Great Artwork as always-Great Soundtrack as always-Great Gameplay as alwaysNegatives:-I personally did not care about the story. It didnt make me want to.-Gameplay does not blend well with the story. (SECOND MOST IMPORTANT POINT)-90% of the time im reading a story I don't care about. It gets too repetitive and mundane after a few hours. I really dont give a damn about the story. (MOST IMPORTANT POINT OF ALL)-SkillTree was boring and did not bring anything really interesting unlike their other games.The Legacy of SuperGiant Games is hard to live up to. Constantly thinking of new groundbreaking action-Rpg ideas must be very tough. I hope they will be able to do so once again. I think alot of people who were looking for an Action-Rpg in this game will be disappointed.This game wouldve been better as a PVP Online Game with a Server. But due to latency issues it would probably suck. Local Multiplayer would be fun if you could get friends to play. I guess it would be great as a Multiplayer Console game. Essentially this is a SINGLE PLAYER Basketball game with a dumb AI and no human interaction. Imagine playing basketball with Robots. Its just not so fun as compared to playing it with humans.==FOR THE DEVELOPER==The non-synergy between story and gameplay really messed up this game for me. I regret buying and playing this game but I still wish to support the developers because I STILL BELIEVE IN THEM.I hope they will continue to produce ground breaking games but learn from this mistake. What makes them great is that they know how to blend storytelling with gameplay with fantastic artwork and soundtrack unique to them.While there are others who like it, THIS GAME IS A FAIL IN MY BOOKS.-----------------------------------OLD REVIEW-----------------------------------Pyre is a great game. Artwork and Soundtrack are Top Notch like any other Supergiant Games.Artwork: S++Gameplay: AWell thought out and excellent. Its a breath of fresh air. Its alot like football or rugby... Score the goal. Either run into the ""Pyre"" Or throw the Orb into the ""Pyre"".I don't really like these types of games but it is good nonethelessSountrack: S++If You are a Fan of the Developers, Just buy it and Support them. They are By Far the best Indie Game developers out there. With 3 Titles now never failing to deliver an A++ experience to the consumer. Each of their games was Revolutionary, Polished and has Very Well Though Out Gameplay with Artwork and Soundtrack that would make any Triple-A Game jealous!"
76561198079646992,Recommended,462770,33986069,Posted: 2 August,all,Moonsie,"If you love the other Supergiant games, you'll most likely love and enjoy this one too"
,Recommended,462770,33985492,Posted: 2 August,all,Midnight1463,Another great game from Supergiant. I love the mix of story and gameplay which is unlike any other games I have played.
76561198147912343,Recommended,462770,33874019,Posted: 28 July,all,pinhead larry,NBA jam for weebs
,Not Recommended,462770,34502859,Posted: 26 August,all,Original,"So, imagine if you will the banner saga.First, remove the novel turn based strategy and replace it with a fictional sport similar to football which is played out in real time. There isn't much variety to be had by its very nature, I would desribe it as a two dimensional roclet league where you must switch control between your players in order for them to take any action at all.Second, instead of choices modifying the number of your troops they improve or decrease stats on your players that don't really seem to make all that much impact. Keep the overly shallow ""trinket"" system and very limited choices in character development.The true failing for me is the characters, unfortunatey are incredibly shallow charicatures and I found it very difficult to care about any of them. We have ""brooding strong female"", ""japanese honour & anime worm"", ""vanilla man"" and ""ferret with or possibly without moustache"".Disappointing, especially as so much love has clearly been poured into the art and style of it all but this game is far less than the sum of its parts."
,Recommended,462770,33793265,Posted: 25 July,all,deviate_sic,"Early impressions are good, Supergiant seems to once again achieve that excellent amalgam of art, atmosphere, ambience and gameplay.They aren't afraid to think outside the box and with a finesse that few studios other than Supergiant seem to possess the strangeness of the juxtaposed gameplay to the mythic narrative just work, through Sheer willpower and determined style they've struck gold... It's becoming a trend."
76561198078459249,Recommended,462770,33794494,Posted: 25 July,all,Hoff,"This review is based on only the first hour or so, I'll update it when I've finished the game. This is definitely not what I was expecting from the next Supergiant game, but so far I really like it. The gameplay seemed overly simple at first but is promising to develop into something really interesting. The game feels more like high fantasy soccer than an action game or RPG but it's got some really cool ideas that leave me excited to experience more. The visuals and sound are superb as usual with Supergiant. Overall I like what I've seen so far."
,Recommended,462770,33795674,Posted: 25 July,all,Nattokun,"Another masterpiece by Supergiant Games. Amazing art direction, interesting dialouge, superb music from the game-composing god known as Darren Korb, and a fantastic gameplay system that blends the good from many genres into one beautiful mechanic. Literally the only thing wrong about this game is the lack multiplayer but from the masterful quality Supergiant has created, we can hope to see it updated."
,Recommended,462770,33888272,Posted: 29 July,all,SkyTheGooselord,"While it's more heavy on text than the other two Supergiant creations that came before it, it still possesses both a unique feel and interesting gameplay that comes from the studio. The art and music are both fantastic as well, as per usual. I was initially put off by the amount of characters, as I find it hard for games to flesh out characters if there's too many, but Supergiant wowed me yet again :). Definitely another must-play from a great dev studio."
,Recommended,462770,34041250,Posted: 5 August,all,qwexva,Supergiant keeps up the tradition of beautiful games with gorgeous soundtracks wrapped around unique gameplay.
76561197985235227,Recommended,462770,35217300,Posted: 26 September,all,Tiger Millionaire,"This was a great game, although I did not like it quite as much as Bastion and Transistor. What it really needs is a New Game Plus mode. Despite claims of replayability and higher difficulties, I cannot find myself replaying this game without some new features (like items/titan stars unlocked early).Still very much worth 20 dollars"
,Recommended,462770,33988421,Posted: 3 August,all,Convivial Cat,"I'M NOT GUCCI AT REVIEWS BUT THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD, BUY A COPY FOR YOURSELF AND ANOTHER FOR YOUR PARENTS"
,Recommended,462770,35186652,Posted: 24 September,all,derekcorrea,"It's far from what Supergiant can deliver, but still is a Supergiant game."
,Recommended,462770,34703084,Posted: 2 September,all,LukeZC,Another gem by Supergiant Games
76561198048292868,Recommended,462770,33799284,Posted: 25 July,all,Cider,"Great game, but the story didn't capture me."
,Recommended,462770,34062693,Posted: 6 August,all,Numberfox亞,"Played through it twice, really enjoyed the story. It dynamically changes depending on who you decide to Liberate, whether you win or lose. Every character has their own outcome depending on what interactions you had, and who ultimated became Liberated through the Rites. While I feel like the Rites themselves can be hit or miss, the story and characters more than made up for it, at least for me."
,Recommended,462770,34134950,Posted: 9 August,all,kerred,"Recommended for.... ooh boy, I'm not sure who to recommend this too.  Someone who likes visual novels?  Someone who likes games that are different from the norm?  Someone who is already a fan of Supergiant games?"
76561198195263110,Recommended,462770,34762722,Posted: 5 September,all,Yumi,I loved it once it came out. The intricate story and your choices actually effect the outcome. With each character having its own unique perks and me going insane over the achievements.
,Recommended,462770,34063397,Posted: 6 August,all,Galactic Cannibalism,10/10 played football against worm knights arguing with each other
76561197996694272,Recommended,462770,34133046,Posted: 9 August,all,Ian / Zee!,"THIS GAME MADE ME SO ANGRY - 8/10Worse than permadeath - the feeling of letting down my team gives this game a poignancy that sets it apart from SGG's previous games.Bastion: Reload after a death? No problem.Transistor: Abilities get ""broken"" and force me to adapt? Cool, it keeps things fresh.Pyre: The character you failed to release continues to walk beside you for the rest of the game ... a constant reminder that you were not strong enough to fulfill your promise and secure their freedom. T_TAlso, Manley is a jerkfaced jerk."
,Recommended,462770,34232327,Posted: 14 August,all,gecimen,"This is NOT an RPG. It's a visual novel + sports game (think quidditch). Extremely good at both so if this appeals to you, go for it. If not, stay away."
,Recommended,462770,34751657,Posted: 5 September,all,Sapph,Really compelling characters and Supergiant's usual fantastic soundtrack.
76561198112175455,Recommended,462770,34183209,Posted: 11 August,all,Sprixlnine,Fantastic!!!
,Recommended,462770,34204819,Posted: 12 August,all,Kardamon,"So full of style, personality and beauty - the biggest game Supergiant team have done so far. It's such an unusual and brave idea.I can't pretend everyone will like it or that it has no flaws. It's text heavy compared to the studio's previous two games, travelling (at least at the beginning) seems to have a bit too many phases... but all of this is minor.Artistic side's stunning, the battles are elegant and complexed (you might want to play on harder difficulty though), the gameplay keeps surprising with new elements till the very end - but what impressed me the most, is the depth of all the characters in the game, each with their good and bad sides, successes and failures. So many times I ended up relating to my opponents, wondering if I should let them win instead... And you can let them win. In Pyre you can fail all the time and keep going.So, yeah.. it's a great game. Strange, unusual, but really good. I wholeheartedly hope it gets as successful as the studio's previous titles - if not more."
,Recommended,462770,33794016,Posted: 25 July,all,stupid_angry_russian,I hope to see story like that in the next FIFA game.
,Recommended,462770,33797253,Posted: 25 July,all,okasion1,"They done it again, Will update later, but after only one hour in, I can tell this game is not only fun and amazing, but unique, as all Supergiant's games are. It was worth the wait, the quality of the game also excels anything we have seen lately."
,Not Recommended,462770,33817010,Posted: 26 July,all,Smith Replica,"It just did not click for me. I did not enjoy the combat (sport?). The game is similar to basketball, two teams of three players need to send the ball to the other team's Pyre in order to put it out. My problem is that the action is in real time, but you can only move one player of your team while the other two remain motionless. I ended up completely ignoring my other two ""teammates"" and just using a single player to grab the ball / score / defend (unless he was killed or otherwise put out of the game). I would have preferred either the game to be turn based (letting us move each player with maybe a shared ""action points"" system) OR real-time, but with the AI controlling the other two teammates not being actively controlled by the player (similar to how soccer / basketball computer games work). A third option would be a system similar to how Transistor works, or a real-time-with-pause system like Dragon Age, etc.I love Supergiant's other two games (Bastion and Transistor) VERY much, and i did enjoy the art of Pyre a lot, but unfortunately the gameplay is not for me. Will probably buy it again in the future on a 70%+ sale."
,Recommended,462770,35322917,Posted: 29 September,all,Tavish Thomas,Absolutely Excellent.These are the games that give me hope that gaming still has a lot left to explore outside of the AAA sphere of remasters and recyclables.
76561198047629230,Not Recommended,462770,34191367,Posted: 12 August,all,alexlomba87,"Superlative illustrations, good music and nicely structured story and characters is all this game has to offer. You might find it enough to enjoy it, or you might not.Keep in mind that this is a sort of videogame-novel, with no action at all, save for the short core-game sessions. For me, those fail at entertaining, given their frictioned mechanic and intermittant pace."
,Recommended,462770,34127080,Posted: 9 August,all,Long Dong Never Die,"Fantastic characters, world, and suprisingly a great fantasy sports ball simulator.  Overall a very unique game narratively and mechanically that I enjoyed Immensely."
,Recommended,462770,33980068,Posted: 2 August,all,Grizzly,Supergiant made a tournament arc and it is formidable.
,Recommended,462770,33982558,Posted: 2 August,all,Glamper boy,Best game eva made
,Recommended,462770,33808855,Posted: 26 July,all,Zau,An amazing game!
,Not Recommended,462770,33820890,Posted: 26 July,all,dreman,"This game is a visual novel with a very small portion of the game dedicated to these Rites. The 3 on 3 Rites are super easy, boring, and repetative with only a very small amount of depth added through passive abilities and items. I like when developers try different things, but I think Super Giant missed the mark on this one.Hopefully their next game will be closer to what fans of Bastion and Transistor were expecting. As a huge fan of their first two games, it pains me to say this, but wait for this one to go on a Humble Bundle (or skip it entirely).Darren Korb did an amazing job on soundtrack though!"
76561197987761138,Not Recommended,462770,33827866,Posted: 27 July,all,ShadowDatsas,"TL;DR: When playing this game, 80% of your time (if not more, depending on how fast you read and understand text) will be spend reading TEXT. Yeap, simply reading text, no voices, no moving characters, no fighting, no gameplay. Juuust reading text for 80% of your time.I expect that many people getting this game are not aware what a visual novel is, since it has absolutely 0 connection with SuperGiant Games (SGG). A visual novel is not a game - it is a novel. The only aspect of visual novels is telling a good story through **text** and nice visuals and artstyle. There is almost no interaction by the player besides choosing what to ""say"", which most of the time has no impact (this is true for Pyre; your choices have no impact).This means that for 80% of your time spend in Pyre, you will be reading text, without hearing any VOICE to narrate this. This is a big difference from the previous 2 titles, where almost your every move was narrated by a VOICE. I disliked that heavily.Furthermore, the small amout of time (10-20% at most) you spend during actual gameplay (performing these Rites) is completely without impact for the story: Whether you win or lose makes no difference whatsoever; you only have to win the final battle of each ""Cycle"" (meaning, you only have to win 1 every 5 battles to have any impact on the story). In addition, this impact on the story you have is simply a progression bar going from 50% to 60%. Holy **** come on, this is pathetic.In conclusion, this title was such a humongous letdown from SGG. Of course the story, art and music are amazing, as expected. But they are focused waaaaay too much on these. When you play the game you actually want to play a game, not read text! It would be much better if the game revolved around the Rites, instead of being a visual novel. Even though many people found the Rites trivial, if SGG focused there it could become something good!The advantages of the game (e.g. how well each character is individual etc.) are well stated by other positive reviews, so I don't see the need to write them here. Lastly, a benefit is that this game is only 20 euros. This can be considered cheap, but ONLY if you actually enjoy reading text when playing a video game. Books are better at this, last time I checked.EDIT: SPOILER AHEAD------------The ending was so bad.... The entire ending of the game is reading a bunch of text that feels lackluster and without any impact on either you as the human playing the game, or as a Reader, the character you are supposed to be. ""You got free, everybody else that got free lives a happy life (in the way teenager anime ends), everybody that did not go free continues to live in the Downside. Everybody is friends with each other"". Come on! Such a let-down!!!!"
76561197966570381,Not Recommended,462770,33925618,Posted: 31 July,all,PH3NOmenon,"I bought this game simply on the developer's name. Transistor and Bastion are such incredibly good games, I couldn't wait to test out their new creation. And at the very least, this game has taught me to not be a developer fanboy.The game is made up of two halves, a deep and storied RPG and a very techinical, skill-based, almost Rocket-League-esque soccer game. And the two halves couldn't have been more disparate from one another. On their own, each game is wonderfully crafted and very fun to play, but the hybrid they result in when mushed together is very un-fun to play.Sometimes, these new unlooked-for hybrids can be amazing. This is not one of those times. You can't sit down to just play a few matches in your campaign, because the game insists on taking lore dumps on your chest. You can't just go enjoy the story because you have to stop to play this obnoxious soccer mini-game every two minutes...Reviewed separately these are great games. The RPG has fun and varied characters, many choices, interesting plot twists. The action/soccer/sports game is very technical, very challenging, offers varied playstyles, is frantic and complex. Monkeys are fun, ponies are cute, so if I rip the limbs off a monkey and attach them to a pony, the resulting monster is going to be a resounding success, right? Right??This game really is only recommended if you want to play Rocket-League with an unskippable story deeply intertwined with it. If that's what you're looking for, by all means, buy this game. If you're looking for anything else.... stay away."
,Not Recommended,462770,33839340,Posted: 27 July,all,Leonard McCoy,"Underneath its clothes there's an empty story. There's a game so dull, there's no salvatori."
76561198024972232,Not Recommended,462770,33906915,Posted: 30 July,all,Aunt Jimima,"Fantasic presentation and soundtrack brought down by a heavy emphasis on the visual novel aspect (expect +10 minutes of dialogue between each moment of actual gameplay), with bland characters and plot."
76561198218388048,Not Recommended,462770,33896193,Posted: 29 July,all,Stump101,"I like the music and visuals a lot, but those are the only good things about the game. The story failed to engage me and this is coming from someone who likes visual novels. All it really is is ""move from point A to B and then to C"" over and over and over again, and there is nothing interesting about that. The characters are also really bland too and I never felt attached to the characters.The gameplay is lacking too. The Rites could be a ton of fun, but they are far too easy and require no skill or strategy. You just dash to the ball and run it to the Pyre. Regardless of how much the game tries to make them strategic, it never feels even remotely difficult.All in all, Pyre has boring gameplay and the story isn't enough to save it. But hey, at least it looks nice."
,Not Recommended,462770,33911184,Posted: 30 July,all,Zozo,"I loved both bastion and transistor, Pyre just isn`t a good game.It has amazing art and sound design, but that is where it ends. 10-15 minutes of boring visual novel between each gameplay sequence. The bland characters and the awful story just make the whole experience a drag.I bought this on release because i trusted supergiant games, but it is not worth the money. I wish I stopped myself from giving it ""more chances"" so i could get a refund."
76561198136181581,Not Recommended,462770,33896647,Posted: 29 July,all,Obsidione,"My own personal opinion from about 3/4th of the campaign:I personally do not enjoy it. I find it to be repetitive and shallow in terms of its story and gameplay. I found the sportsball to be really easy even on the highest difficulty and only really became a challenge when you gain access to the Titan Stars (modifiers such as ""Lose 30 Pyre HP at round start"" or ""Better and Faster AI"". Problem is that they don't come into play until a couple of hours into the campaign. It's boring and repetitive.In terms of story, while I find the world interesting, it's presented in a boring way. It's essentially a big book (around 75 lore pages with brief text) that is revealed bit by bit as you play. In addition, the characters didn't have much depth. You can only interact with one character in between sportsball missions and all they do is just tell their backstory/why they're exiled. They're are occasional snippets with one party member and the enemy faction but it's minor.Soundtrack is absolutely stellar though.TLDR: Great soundtrack, repetitive gameplay, skin-deep and boring characters."
,Not Recommended,462770,33865290,Posted: 28 July,all,;3 Good Sire!,"I really thought the first 5 hours was fun, interesting and very well thought out, but then at some point it felt incredibly repetitive, because to me it felt like I was doing basically the same thing again."
76561198045549447,Not Recommended,462770,33822727,Posted: 26 July,all,Frostbiten0,"Little frustrated with this. 20 minutes into the game and it has already crashed. Screen froze on text and would not continue. Then went black. Additionally the game window cannot be resized or moved, which makes it frustrating to play.After Transistor released and the game was unable to start at all for the first several weeks. I am a little tired of getting broken games."
,Recommended,462770,33799381,Posted: 25 July,all,♡❣ Knot ❣♡,"Hey, it's pretty cool. Kinda just NBA Jam the viusal novel."
76561198040030741,Not Recommended,462770,33848167,Posted: 27 July,all,horheristo,"Generally I only write reviews after I 100% a game, but this one is beyond casual that I feel it is my duty and obligation to warn others:--- 80% narration / 20% Gamplay ---I don't recommend this game for anyone looking for pure gameplay. Simple as that.Let's put it this way... if you're REALLY into story telling / narration, and the kind of person that gets absorbed into high quality presentation then this game is for you.But DO NOT buy it for the gameplay, as it is almost non-existent.It's amusing how the game tries to teach you to play as a team, but all you gotta do is basically grab the orb and run into the other team's goal, that's it. Every turn you use a different team member to do it with barely any real resistance.When I'll get back to it, I plan to skip all dialogues and just get it done with.Developers need to understand something simple: unless you're an RPG, then story must ALWAYS come second to the actual meat of the game = the GAMEPLAY!They had it right with Bastion, they got it with Transistor, but here all we get is text and more text, then 3 minutes free combat, then back to more text.♥♥♥♥ it, I would've just got myself some VN if I really wanted to read, or better yet - an actual book.Not what I expected from Super Giant to say the least."
,Recommended,462770,33791817,Posted: 25 July,all,Anebriate,"Another homerun for Supergiant Games.The games they make are small, fairly simple. But they are made with tremendous precision and care, and they stand apart from the crowd.Spoiler alert, though: this is a visual novel meets competitive game, where the gameplay matches control like Diablo. If that sounds weird, it's because it is. But it works."
,Not Recommended,462770,34125199,Posted: 9 August,all,crash,"Loved Transistor and Bastion - was incredibly hyped to play this game based on the description ""a party-based RPG from the creators of Bastion and Transistor"". The description could not be any more misleading. It's a visual novel with boring basketball-like minigames in between long segments of reading.Boring gameplay. boring characters. boring story. boring mechanics.Even the music, which is normally a high point of SuperGiant games, is forgettable and bland.I can't see myself finishing this game, ever. Complete disappointmentIt's mind boggling how much praise this game is getting. It's barely a game at all."
,Not Recommended,462770,34246896,Posted: 14 August,all,BIRD BIRD KILL IT,"I don't think I've ever played a game that had such a large gap between the worldbuilding and gameplay. The story and world are cool as heck, but the gameplay sucks (unless you like basketball games in which case you're in luck). Real shame after BASTION and TRANSISTOR, which both had reasonably interesting gameplay mechanics."
76561198138700080,Not Recommended,462770,33902418,Posted: 30 July,all,latentsun,"It's nothing like Transistor or Bastion. What little gameplay there is is short-lived and frankly boring. The story looked like it's probably pretty good and the music and design are great, but none of those things really matter if the game itself isn't fun to play. I thankfully was able to get a refund. I'll think twice about Supergiants next game."
76561198272950442,Not Recommended,462770,35185138,Posted: 24 September,all,sanorange,Almost every aspect is worse comparing to Bastion / Transistor (maybe except artworks). The first Supergiants' game that I couldn't finish because it was too boring.
,Not Recommended,462770,34499177,Posted: 26 August,all,Gatemoth,Superb artwork.  A lot to like.  Just not enough game in the game.  Found myself not wanting to play it.+Unique art style+Tasteful and appropriate music.  Especially the ending!+Short and minimal cut-scenes at the liberations do cutscenes right.-Too much text.  Mostly non-essential chatter.-The holy book of history.  Too much unnecessary text.-Boring characters.-Game to story ratio too low.-Gameplay too small and simple.-Game unsatisfying even when exciting.
76561198044814175,Not Recommended,462770,33807956,Posted: 26 July,all,OpenAI(Bot),The rites quickly become very tedious
,Not Recommended,462770,34903017,Posted: 12 September,all,Schleicherfreund,"When it comes down to deciding if I would recommend the game, then I would only do so, if you aren't looking for a RPG, but a visual novel with a Sportsgame attached to it. Thus personally and for what it was presented to us I don't recommend it to everyone.The game was promised as something new and different, so much so that it's not supposed to be something bad, but positive.Sadly it turned out that the combat is pretty much a Sport, which I personally am no huge fan of in Videogames. The RPG elements are relatively redundant and thus leaving me with a game in a genre that doesn't capture me at all. In fact the game is set out in a world that is represented as menacingly hostile, barren, dreadful and dangerous (for the majority of it), yet the gameplay elements are never connected to this setting, making me only scarcly get a real feel for the world that Super Giant Games try to picture, and never make me feel unsafe.The choices you make during the storytelling are equally pointless as the RPG elements and end up with little to establish a different story, leading to the same outcomes, presented differently and no consequences, at least 8hours into the game (and this time is consumed mostly by reading).This adds to the disconnect from the characters you encounter, never really allowing for a real bonding experience, and the writing alone does not do the best job of establishing a real connection to them. In fact most of them you are supposed to despise, or are presented as such.The developer team attached to the game was pretty much the only reason I was allowing myself to give it a try, but not even Super Giant Game's quality production was able to sell me on the game permanently. Aside from that the game panders to a certain political crowd, which annoyed me and put insult to injury.I loved the visual presentation, the writing itself and the artstyle tremendously, but it was just not enough to keep me hooked.Thus I advise you to think twice, if a RPG is what you were looking for here, since the gameplay element are more a masquerade than meat of the gameplay.Cheers"
,Recommended,462770,33796178,Posted: 25 July,all,TheDavv,"So I started to play it, After second minute i was engaged into the story. Because the music was amazing. After fifth minute i found that the charakters are interesting and i want to know more. After i seen the world art a tought this couldnt get better. But it gotten better After 2 battles i can say this game is amazing. A masterpiece, and you can choose if your companion should keep the mustache(i am not telling which one :D). I dont know if it will have problems down the road. But after 10 minutes im not regretting buying this. Stunning game 10/10edit: now i have played for 2+ hours still 10/10 from me. Even better because of the charakter developement, branching, slugman, introducing new mechanics etc. Every battle i fought on new diferent map with its own gimmick.edit i have finished the game. And i still think that i deserves 8-9/10. I loved this game. I can see that some people dont like the combat. And story , but i  on the other hand found every charakter there to be interesting not only your main guys but every single side charakter. And i want to repla it just to see other reactions. Because it matters at the end how did you resolve them. I had the moontouched girl stay exiled, but she had a happy ending cause i had interactions with oposing faction."
76561198028972462,Recommended,462770,33796354,Posted: 25 July,all,GreenGlueStick,I leve it. Game is simply beautifull and mysterious.
76561197987490001,Not Recommended,462770,34449851,Posted: 23 August,all,Sinister Mammal,"I was drawn in by the superb art/animation style and the fine pedigree of Supergiant's previous RPG games. Sadly all I found was a single player sports game and a lot of bland dialogue that borders on the cringeworthy. I would probably watch Pyre the Movie (though maybe with the sound turned down, while doing something else), but as far as gameplay goes this feels more like a mini-game afterthought that might be included as a time sink within a much larger, more worthy RPG title.Shame, because the art style of this game creates an amazing world that would be incredible to explore. Too bad it's wasted on this, which feels more like a high production value mobile game than an (albeit inexpensive) PC release."
76561198114664408,Not Recommended,462770,33842359,Posted: 27 July,all,ʚ Meowmiji ɞ,"-free your favourite character half-game and he/she will be rid of the remaining game, not a single line whatsoever.hedwynand i do not accept that.-there could be a twist to the end yet nothing happened. commonwealth fell down yet characters freed or not cannot cross their ways thereafter. what i am trying to say is, you ran the circle7 times! the end is not convincing enough to compersate for that.-end stories are presented by clicking into like all 20+ characters and text reading, during which i literally fell into sleep several times and that is why my hours seem to be longer."
76561198108639586,Recommended,462770,34726667,Posted: 3 September,all,Hydrozen,Game of the year
,Recommended,462770,33904999,Posted: 30 July,all,@teinekin,"The art style and the gameplay are amazing and very different from most games! The soundtrack of the game, however, really pushes the whole presentation onto a new level! Highly recommended for anyone who likes a good story and art."
,Recommended,462770,33828205,Posted: 27 July,all,Ermine,Amazingly fantastic game. Music is top notch and the characters are awesome as well.Rukey is love. <3
,Recommended,462770,33892714,Posted: 29 July,all,LastTao,That is not an ordinary game. And you should check it yourself.
76561198005674070,Recommended,462770,33795491,Posted: 25 July,all,Kay,Strange and great!Supergiant Games you are growing better and better! Keep up and make more awesome games pls)
,Recommended,462770,33844708,Posted: 27 July,all,Kiera,"I named one of my exiles Bae. She was bae, literally."
,Recommended,462770,33795276,Posted: 25 July,all,Oberain,In many games reviewers will often levy the criticism that the story being told needs to be more interesting than the background you're being told about.  You need to want to be involved in your current story more than wishing you were a part of the story that had already happened......and here we have a game where you're playing mystical basketball while the lore often describes powerful mysterious scribes who fell great giants and lead massive empires to victory and ruin while those exiled are twisted into demons in a land of undying purgatory.I'm somehow invested in the basketball.Edit: After finishing the game it's still a solid recommendation.  The game ramps up in difficulty nicely and introduces new characters regularly enough to keep it fresh.Unfortunately despite feeling the game has replay value to see the many variations of story the game has going for it the gameplay isn't good enough to warrent a second or third playthrough.  The thought of slogging through a bunch more magical basketball/hockey is really an unappealing one despite how much I enjoyed it the first time around.
76561198035915202,Recommended,462770,33796190,Posted: 25 July,all,Blackjack010,"TL;DR: A good game from Supergiant Games, definitely recommend playing it. But beware, there is much to read and if you don't like the core gameplay (the rites) then this game will disappoint you.Gorgeous and breathtaking art aside, this games core mechanic, the Rites, is a really fun kind of soccer, almost reminiscent of Mario Strikers: Charged, but also vastly different in style. The different characters have different abilities with weaknesses and strengths, making it crucial to choose the right team against the opponents you are facing.Main goal is to push a ball in the enemies fire (the pyre) and extinguish it, either by tossing yourself with the ball in there (easier, but with drawbacks for the next round) or just tossing the ball (more difficult, because easily interruptable, but no drawbacks).The enemy however, having the same abilities as you, won't make it easy on you and every Rite plays different.There is more, the story is also quite intriguing, slowly opening up to the player as he goes his way. The characters all have their own quirks and almost all of them are likable in their own way. However, the game gains another component after aprox. 4 hours of playtime, opening it up more, but also falling into repetition gameplay-wise. Midgame you experience the same procedure again and again, always interrupted by different story bits, but still, it is a loop and the story does not really move at this point.Unfortunately I am quite sure the many ""choices"" you can make throughout the game (don't want to spoil anything) will not amount to as many endings as it wnats you to believe, because the sheer number of possible outcomes cannot be programmed into this little game.All in all, the beautiful art, the unique gameplay and the possibilities unfolding as I play make this game pretty good. This certainly gets a high recommendation, everyone should try this, but also beware, there is much text and a lot of repeting gameplay mechanics midgame, making it a game that is NOT for everyone. Not Supergiants best game, especially story-wise, but very enjoyable nonetheless (for me at least)."
,Recommended,462770,33796285,Posted: 25 July,all,Demon,"I like it, just hit my 2 hour mark on one play through and I am not returning it.  There seems to be a lot of replay value so far too but idk I'm not replaying it yet, but the options look promising.The story and progression so far is better than cRPG juggernauts like Pillars of Eternity or Shadowrun:HK.  The art is beautiful and the world is full of interesting places.  The highlightable text in your boxes to give you more info is a nice touch to lessen the amount of forced exposition, as well as helping you keep people and places strait.  The music and sound is fantastic, and I think that the bard in the cart that plays back the songs plays them as if he was playing them so they are the same song but still different from when you hear them in game (example electric guitar in game vs the bards loot in the cart.)The game play is mostly dialog story and 3v3 fights but there is a little trading and a little fighting outside the Rites so far.I have to say I'm excited to pick this back up and keep playing.  Very much recommend.  Oh yeah and the narator is awesome!"
,Recommended,462770,33888506,Posted: 29 July,all,Rakka,"A whimsical, beautiful adventure, with a suprisingly deep and satisfying combat, some of the most beautiful artwork I've ever seen, incredible character and world design, captivating story, and once again, a mindblowingly stellar soundtrack created by the genious Darren Korb. Supergiant Games track record: 3 out of 3This is what video games should be like."
,Recommended,462770,33827539,Posted: 27 July,all,Asriel.,Pacing is off towards the end and your ending is a token SSG ending you'll see from miles away if you played previous SSG games.No New Game+ the game could use badly.Other than that it's a solid++ game from Supergiant.
76561198064155371,Recommended,462770,33808909,Posted: 26 July,all,El Wray,"Pyre is one of those games that elevates the platform of gaming to art. The music is beautiful and unique, perfectly narrating your journey through the downside every step of the way. The game world is a rich tapestry of bizarre colors and trippy landscapes. The characters are rich and varied. Your choices matter to them! The gameplay is so different, interesting and addictive. I haven't been this sucked into a world in years. If you like RPGs, this is a must have. See you at the next rite, exile! <3"
,Recommended,462770,33803502,Posted: 26 July,all,Lacuifa.com,"Esta pasado de vrrrga.Lo que llevo jugado me ha encantado, el modo campaña es más una novela visual que juego. Tiene más texto que gameplay.Si no sabes inglés, este juego no es para ti, por lo menos el modo campaña no... el modo versus local si. Lamentablemente el juego no cuenta con online multiplayer, es algo que me gustaría ver y que lo hiciera aun más pasado de veeerga.Muy recomendado, muy buena historia (aún no la termino pero ya me dejó picado).Siento que jugaré contra la maquina (NPC o BOT) ya que me termine la campaña y no tenga con quien jugar!"
76561197960320995,Recommended,462770,33803730,Posted: 26 July,all,Mataleon,"FTL, meets DISCJAM, Meets Bastion/Transistor in a pretty unique world. Is the game full of options? No, its simplified.I like it, gonna play more, and buy it for the girlfriend. Im curious where this goes.Its colorful, i love the voiceacting, like the characters. Want something different? Give it a go.9/10"
,Recommended,462770,33820451,Posted: 26 July,all,PrototypeAbi,Just few minutes into this game..already loving it!!!
,Recommended,462770,33845802,Posted: 27 July,all,Belgo,"When I first saw the trailer, I knew that I wouldn't like the gameplay (it's not bad, I'm just terrible at that specific kind of game) but I bought Pyre anyway because of the exceptional artstyle and the potential for an equally amazing story.I was not disappointed.A beautifully crafted setting in which every piece of the (rich) lore is easy to obtain and understand. Such unique, endearing, and interesting characters (except the tree guy from the Chastity. He can go die in a hole). A touching journey you can complete however you want: will you listen to your friends and stengthen your bonds with them? Will you sympathize with the other Exiles, despite the fact that you have to fight them, and understand them (then again, the tree guy from the Chastity can go die in a hole)? The choice is all yours.tl;dr: personally didn't like the gameplay during rites (mainly because I suck at it) but everything else was a wonderful experience.go die in a hole, tree guy from the Chastity"
76561198052811791,Recommended,462770,33869214,Posted: 28 July,all,Temporal Walker,Outstanding.
76561198080086564,Recommended,462770,33869307,Posted: 28 July,all,Rhubarb,Pros:-Really pretty-More Darren Korb music-Lovable characters-Fun-Ti'zoCons:- ????????
,Recommended,462770,33821485,Posted: 26 July,all,Num,"This game has been wonderful so far, would recommend."
76561198066262867,Recommended,462770,33801976,Posted: 25 July,all,Noble,"So, I played Pyre nonstop since it came out, and beat my first run in about 13 hours. What do I have to say?First of all, the number one way I know a game is going to remain in my memory forever is if I cry while playing it. That's happened with the other Supergiant games, and this one is no exception.That being said, it IS different from the other Supergiant games. So let's talk about that.Pyre is described as a 'party-based RPG' by the developers, and I see where they are coming from. It has RPG elements in the main gameplay/combat component- the Rites- which are seen in the variety of the strategies, the customization, and the variation of the characters themselves, among other things. I'm sure you've heard of it already: the three versus three combat that ""kind of looks like Rocket League but without cars"" is a lot of fun, and can be very tense. The Rites reminds me of Supergiant's ability to take something that looks simple at face value- the gameplay in Bastion and Transistor also as an example- and add so much variety and opportunity for deviation that it somehow is still fresh and heart-pounding even 13 hours in.Gametime in the campaign, however, almost assuredly going to be less than half of your total playtime. (Which is okay, imo, because there's a mode which is just playing Rites, which I'm sure is going to be a lot of multiplayer/cpu fun if you just want gameplay.)What is most of the gametime, if it's not gameplay, you ask? It's mostly text-based dialogue, not unlike a visual novel. Personally, I love the 'gameplay' of visual novels. I see negative reviews comment on how this is not a good thing: that without the story Pyre is virtually nothing, but that's really not true (and why would you discount the story of a game? It can be incredible- calling back to Bastion and Transistor- and make the whole experience so much more valuable.) Visual novels succeed if they can get you to care about the characters and immerse yourself in the world, and it's nearly impossible not to do that in the vibrant fantasy realm of Downside. I would consider Pyre more of a visual novel with the gameplay of the Rites included.That being said, I can see why some people might think this game is inferior because of how different it is. But it retains everything I love from Supergiant- amazing characters, a mysterious world with tons of (back)story, wondrous art and sound- and you can really see how much effort the developers put in.The story is by far the most complicated thing about Pyre, and what makes the Rites so important. After witnessing branching paths in the storyline, I can say firsthand that the script accounts for many, many things. This game, despite being linear, is kind of not linear, and it's all because of what you do. If you succeed in the Rites, yay! If you fail in the Rites, life goes on, and it impacts the world and even the endings, something that is pracitcally nonexistent in previous Supergiant games. There's so much possibility in the way that Pyre's story plays out that it makes me think about how many different ways my own actions could have played out- what would have happened differently in the ending if I had failed to claim victory in a crucial Rites match? Hell, Supergiant even had to make variations for the vocal tracks based off of what happens. I don't know why, but that part really gets to me.So, if you were expecting a game like Bastion or Transistor, I wouldn't say Pyre is like them. Pyre is a game that makes you fall in love with the characters and the world and then make you sweat as you fight for their fates during the Rites. If you come in open-minded about the experience, I am one-hundred percent certain that you won't come out disappointed. All in all, I cannot wait to begin my second run of the game."
,Recommended,462770,33841437,Posted: 27 July,all,BlackYazra,"Well, Supergiant made a game of sportball! Whilst I'm no fan of such things, this is accessable enough that that being the core gameplay doesn't bother me. As is to be expected, the art is stylish and beautiful, and while there is only one true standout track in my opinion, the soundtrack is basically more of the same, which can only be classed as a good thing right? Been a couple of minor bugs, but as compared to most releases recently it has been minor and have been patched already afaik. There should of course be online multiplayer, and longevity if not replayability is going to suffer for that, but we all knew that wasn't on the cards.Campain mode has all the usual gimmics such as togglable difficulty increases and small skill trees, and they work about the same as ever. After the first section of the game, or shall we say 'season' interactions feel much more limited and less impactful which is a shame. Where early on I felt like I was developing bonds between characters and learning important backstory, as time progresses it seems shallow. It doesnt help that the later introduced characters are much less compelling, at least to me. I have to say that due to the tournament nature of the campain much of the time spent playing, not just that spent interacting with characters, is rendered mostly of little impact. That makes the whole game fall a little flat overall.Tl;dr: Gorgeous as ever, fun to play, maybe doesnt quite meet expectations, but its not like expectations weren't super high in the first place. For the price, I consider this a must buy if you enjoyed Transistor or Bastion."
76561198005345029,Recommended,462770,33843754,Posted: 27 July,all,Groph,"+ artstyle, soundtrack, setting, gameplay- second half is repetitive, too much reading, not very challenging, weak story"
76561198032591277,Recommended,462770,33848708,Posted: 27 July,all,Riichi,"You know a game has an amazing story, when you can't stop playing even though you cannot stand the combat.  I do not think I have ever cussed as much in so short of a game.  Uninstalling now, as I'll never play this fantasy basketball again.  Buy the game, its worth it."
,Recommended,462770,33873414,Posted: 28 July,all,Skewie1k,"As expected from Supergiant Games, Pyre is an exceptional game that is a must-have for any player, but if you're expecting a game like Bastion or Transistor, you will be disappointed.Unlike the single-player, single-character, first-person POV experience you might have expected, Pyre takes a sharp turn away and instead plays like an action visual-novel. Dispite what many early-access critics are saying, Pyre is unforunately not Supergiant's best work. While Supergiant has raised a bar with their first two titles, Pyre just approaches it. It's good, but not as good. Except the soundtrack. This soundtrack is definately the best of all three games, and probably the best OST of all time.While the characters can be quite static and predictable, their writing is so well done to the point where you feel a legitimate connection. Minor spoiler:It's especially difficult who choose which one to say goodbye to first.. The dialouge and narration is word-porn. Love reading them through.Unlike what you might have epxected from the first few trailers, navigating through the Downside (the main setting of the game) is incredibly linear, even after the first ""phase"" of the game. It's as though Supergiant made a compromise between art and functionality, and while the scenery is certainly pretty, it falls short and even feels empty due to the lack of any exploration.The real action from the game, The Rites, is done well, although the controls are a bit funny. I recommend that you go into the settings and changes the controls to the ""WASD"" presets, but that's up to you. As you progress, you get more thrills and excitement from The Rites than you'd expect. Even though it's a single-player experience, you still feel like a badass when you pull off a sick successful counter-move. That's how I know the action is done right.I haven't 100% completed the game, but from what I've played so far, it's already been worth the pre-purchace. Again, do NOT expect another Bastion or Transistor, but still know that there's a very little chance you'll regret getting this game."
76561198029751571,Recommended,462770,33820939,Posted: 26 July,all,Rexnos,"I wish I could say that I enjoyed this game more, but while the creative elements of the game like the world building, characters, story and art style are fantastic, the gameplay gets very stale. It's also short, with a lack of replay value. If you haven't played Bastion or Transistor yet, I'd advise playing those first. Nevertheless, it's still worth picking up though."
,Recommended,462770,33820959,Posted: 26 July,all,Valkyrie,"The ending may very well make you cry. It's that good.Pyrehas far exceeded all of my expectations. The game has wonderfully crafted lore, dialogues, and traditional gameplay all intertwined into one heartfelt and palpable experience. Each character brings a unique personality and skillset to the table, creating great tactical depth and conversations to remember between the various exiles.The gameplay specifiically takes many different (balanced) forms, on top of the standard difficulties (easy, normal, hard) you will find multiple options later to make the experience even more challenging while recieving extra experience as a reward. In many of the challenges you face, the map or circumstances will change dynamically. It goes without saying that the versus mode is also very smooth, and there is a great deal of fun to be had using your local area network connection; however, I do hopeSupergiant(or a third party developer) creates an online multiplayer alternative in the future.There are moments where the characters(like Rukey Greentail)will make you laugh, catch you off guard, give you insight into them and your opponents, or truly touch your heart.As was the case between the characters  Jodariel and the Moon-Touched girl, where they bond later in the story. If you spend the time to immerse yourself in the story, you will not regret it. Make sure to speak to your fellow exiles often.To truly enjoy this game and the depth of its characters, you should not shy away from the prospect of reading,a lot. The game itself is not a visual novel as some of the negative reviews are suggesting, but there is so much lore. I myself appreciate the game's art direction and pacing, and never found anything to be annoying in that aspect. The color schemes and artwork make the enviroments rich and unique in their own way. Oh and the soundtrack! It brought everything together, and fit whatever task that was at hand quite well.I give this game high praise, but in light of that I will also voice what I perceive asminorcons. As a PC game I was expecting more graphical options, like multisample antialiasing, supersampling, or adjusting FPS. That being said the game plays beautifully in both 1080p and 4k, and I never personally experienced any graphical issues. Secondly I did encounter a bug that caused the game to crash when loading a previous checkpoint (which may have since then been fixed) but this is to be expected from a new release, plus when loading the game again it didn't lose any of my progress so the minor annoyance is forgiven.It's an incredible game, but certainly not industry changing; however, this is not a bad thing. Unlike many AAA game developers,Supergiantis not constantly trying the shove DLC or microtransactions down your throat, or trying the make their games with always-online DRM restrictions. The merit of this studio has no bounds, and if you are looking for a single-player focused experience in a seemingly wasteland of games, this is it. 10/10, IGN (basically)You can feel the loveSupergianthas put intoPyre,and the quality would justify twice the current price.I would say it was in fact well worth the money, and I plan on replaying it on an even harder level of difficulty. At $20 it's literally a steal."
76561198045651378,Recommended,462770,33820526,Posted: 26 July,all,Cap'n Walrus,"I see video games as the combination of the three branches of art: written, visual, and musical. A lot of games have these aspects in varying degrees.Journey has visual art. Undertale has musical art. The Stanley Parable has written art.These used to be games that I would suggest to people who want to see what video games can truly achieve. But now, if i want to show someone what a video game can be, I will show them the perfect combination of all three branches of art that is Pyre."
,Recommended,462770,33820511,Posted: 26 July,all,Smasheroonie,"I'll be updating this review as I continue through the game.So far, the game is great. The atmosphere, characters and world created by Supergiant Games are all beautiful as always. The music is atmospheric and well made. The game itself is mostly text-based storytelling with choices spread throughout the game. The dialogue is well-written apart from a few typos, and the world is presented in an interesting way, as you glean little details about it as you progress. There is also a narrator that appears during important parts of the game.The actual mechanical gameplay comes in the form of a sports/battle hybrid called Rites. The aim is to get the ball into the enemy goal (known as the Pyre) while temporarily eliminating their characters from play with aura-based attacks. The individual characters, both on your side and the enemies', are diverse and have their own skills and stats. They progress and unlock different Masteries, allowing them bonuses in the Rites. The Rites steadily increase in difficulty as the game progresses, and sometimes certain effects in the world have an effect in the Rites themselves. Overall, this mode is fun but not for everyone.The game so far feels compelling, but nothing like Bastion or Transistor. I applaud for taking risks with their new game, as I feel it really works in an unexpected way."
,Recommended,462770,33896633,Posted: 29 July,all,Shill,"Team manager sim meets basketball meets FTL meets light novel, in an original setting that both inspires and captivates."
,Recommended,462770,33893505,Posted: 29 July,all,esspee,good game
76561198109720552,Recommended,462770,33894199,Posted: 29 July,all,TZAR,Pros:-Fun Gameplay and mechanics-Rich Story-Art style-And amazing Sound TrackCon:A litte dull Charactersother than that nothing major or gamebreakingOverall Pyre is a pleasing and fun to play.
,Recommended,462770,33909839,Posted: 30 July,all,Volodyuka,"It is a Supergiant Games game, so it is fun, it has awesome soundtrack by Darren Korb and Jenzee's colorfull artwork. It is good, probably the best game they made so far!"
76561198157403777,Recommended,462770,33803547,Posted: 26 July,all,Lilsin25,"Having finally reached the end of Pyre, I can say that this is-by far- the best story I've  experienced in a game. I look forward to going though multiple times more to get different endings."
,Recommended,462770,33804051,Posted: 26 July,all,IrishBandit,"Pyre is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible. If Bastion did not exist, it would be my favorite game of all time. The most visually beautiful game I've ever played. Awesome innovative gameplay that is unique, tense, and tactical. Amazing cast of characters in an incredibly creative and fantastic world."
76561198099963093,Recommended,462770,33980849,Posted: 2 August,all,Frogmin,Its like space jam but with magic.
76561198068715731,Recommended,462770,33981100,Posted: 2 August,all,SuperGus64,Its about a game about immigrants trying to pass a literacy test.
,Recommended,462770,33802076,Posted: 25 July,all,Tande,"dark mage basketball.also supermassive art style, music, and detailed lore.what's more to like?"
,Recommended,462770,34030460,Posted: 4 August,all,iomegadrive,Art.
,Recommended,462770,34039012,Posted: 5 August,all,TwinkleHood,Just so damn.. pleasant.
,Recommended,462770,34054896,Posted: 6 August,all,Paralex,"This is a hecking steal for 20 dollars.Great soundtrack, varied and makes moments feel appropriately more special.Great writing, the characters each had identifiable quirks and all felt natural, as well as special interactions acknowledging when you pit them against their past, the story itself has legitimate tension, and the lore is unique without feeling like they were trying too hard to be special, plus the narration over the ""Rites"" is pretty humorous through and through, despite it's attempt at being intense at other times.Great artstyle, this is probably the most important, the characters have actual interesting designs that reflect themselves, the calligraphy (if that's what you're into) is also very attractive, and the enviroments have just enough cartoony feel to make the ""journey"" more appealing every time.Now, that all being said, the gameplay might be polarising. It's mostly balanced, and can be pretty enjoyable, and when you're playing very well, fun. However, it can also feel WAY too easy, the game gives plenty of options later on to make things more difficult & interesting, however you are also given items as well for characters that makes them way too powerful, Hedwyn, Fae, Ti'Zo, these characters are pretty balanced without their items, however with them (especially at rank 20) they become ridiculous, and you almost need the difficulty add-ons active to make the game feel challenging. Additionally, the story is supposed to continue regardless of how each decision comes out, however I feel like the game is a bit too forgiving in this aspect, as you if you're about to lose a rite, regardless of it's importance to the stroy, you can just restart it, and keep trying till you win. These however, are minor gripes to something that I found very enjoyable regardless.Like I said, the 20 dollar investment is incredible value.The only failure is to stray from this game."
,Recommended,462770,33951585,Posted: 1 August,all,chendawg,Another masterpiece of art and sound by Supergiant. My favorite of their games so far... I only wish Versus had online multiplayer.
,Recommended,462770,33952899,Posted: 1 August,all,RicolaNicola,"My review on Pyre, spoiler: it's favorable, cause this game really is something special.https://www.blackgirlgaming.com/blog/2017/7/28/review-pyre-1"
76561197996719954,Recommended,462770,33798943,Posted: 25 July,all,danmaku,"It's kind of like NBA Jam, wrapped in pretty VN trappings,  but you can't play as Bill Clinton."
76561198244490462,Recommended,462770,33798885,Posted: 25 July,all,DangeR,"Love the art, it's a good strategic action Aztec basket ball."
76561198138957174,Recommended,462770,34134994,Posted: 9 August,all,demonfirefox,yes i do recommend this game
76561198318012613,Recommended,462770,34365966,Posted: 19 August,all,KnightLight,Very surprised with how enjoyable the game was for me. Made some pretty deep connections with the characters similar to in Undertale. One recommendation one my part is to just play through the game and accept your losses instead of soft resetting. SuperGiant has woven defeats and victories into a more compelling story and if you perfectly finish the game then the ending is (imho) too one dimensional.The game starts out feeling pretty easy and straightforward for the first 3 challenges but then it quickly becomes more complex and tactic based as the story progresses.
76561197990987160,Recommended,462770,34335882,Posted: 18 August,all,morielen,"This is an awesome Game. ... Do I need to say more? ... All right, here it is:When I played Bastion I thought ""This Game has an awesome Backstory and Stuff, but the fighting is kinda Lame sometimes. I wish the Gameplay was cooler.""When I played Transistor I thought ""This Game has awesome Gameplay, but I wish there was a little more Character Interaction, and Background and Stuff""When I played Pyre I thought ""Jub. Thats it. There is nothing Bad about this Game whatsoever. Its like someone took the Best Parts of Bastion, and the Best Parts of Transistor and mashed them together untill they got a glorious Something that defies easy description but pulls you in like few other Games.""Or well, probably not quite as verbose at the time but you get the gist.So, buy it, play it, love it."
76561197982633880,Recommended,462770,34365753,Posted: 19 August,all,NONAME,"Amazing game. To me, this is far superior to Supergiant's previous works. I hope this sells well enough to encourage the devs to continue in this direction.There are some things to consider though.Pyre is roughly 60% visual novel and 40% magic basketball (?) game. I personally found both aspects to be fleshed out very well.The writing is just fantastic and the sports aspect has some complexity to it and is also a beauty to behold. In fact, the graphics and animations look much better than in the trailers for some reason.In terms of the quality of writing, remember the recent Shadowrun games or Bioware stuff that drop loads of absolutely bland and unimportant information on the player just for the sake of it? This is not it. Pyre is mostly succinct in its storytelling, and I felt that everything it wanted to tell me was meaningful. The characters are a real charm too, which is quite rare these days.If you are remotely interested in a visual novel with top-notch art design, buy this asap. It would be a steal at $50, let alone 19.99."
,Recommended,462770,34361914,Posted: 19 August,all,Bomb Squirtle™,"Compared to the previous two titles by Supergiant (Bastion and Transistor) this is sadly easily my least favorite. Before I attack the game though I want to make something clear: I am extremely glad to see them going in a riskier direction. Transistor felt very much like a retread/update of bastion, though I still prefer Bastion. This game is NOTHING like either of them in terms of gameplay.Even with the different gameplay, Supergiant still brings a lot of their trademark (and best) features to the game. The artwork is similar in style to bastion and transistor, and believe me...that's a very good thing. The story is similar as well in that you have no idea what kind of world you exist in and slowly explore it. What I've seen of the story is very melancholy which I enjoy and promises to be a fantastic, if sombre, ending. The soundtrack is awesome again as well and the characters are all likeable (or dislikeable) in their own ways.Now for the downsides. I really REALLY miss the narration (which yes there IS in this game...but not at the right points). I miss it so much that I'm mentioning it before the gameplay. Bastion will always be a shining example that I use to show how you can explain things to the player in a way that isn't distracting and actualy adds to the atmosphere. Transistor tuned it back a bit but Pyre turned that dial all the way back to 1. They replaced it with miles of text boxes, which are well writen, but I just want to hear a character speak to me sometimes.In terms of gameplay I didn't really enjoy the game. I fumbled with the controls for the most part and I just always felt that the AI was better at controlling the characters than I would ever be. I could go into more detail but i won't for the sake of brevity. The actual game is also rather uninspired. People call it 3v3 basketball, and it's hard to shake that feeling now that I've herad it described that way. The only difference is that you cannot move more than 1 player at the time, and it has to be the guy with the ball. Meanwhile the AI easily bounces around when you have the ball between numerous characters with precision. No the game isn't too hard, but I still felt sluggish when I played compared to AI. The upgrades all felt really REALLY small and almost pointles, a shame to be sure. The opponents were all unique, but your strategy didnt change too much when you ran into different enemies.Another point of problem I have is with the length. I think I have about 8 hours of gameplay as of writing this. By that time I'd already beaten bastion and (i think) transistor. From what I'm seeing I'm maybe 1/2 done or a smidge more. A longer running time is fine, but the ""gameplay"" is so repetative that it feels like more of a grind than anything. I'm not sure I'm going to finish the game over the course of the next month so I feel like that alone says something for the length.So, why do I recommend this game? Because overall the game is still very well made and is worth the price of admission almost just for the first part (you'll know it when you get there.) I'm extremely glad that Supergiant was willing to step outside of the safety zone for this and while it's definately their weakest game so far, I still look forward to their next release. (But if you haven't played bastion and/or transistor yet, i suggest those over this)"
76561198053233653,Recommended,462770,33837318,Posted: 27 July,all,FadedKai,"this is a great fkin game, this is what a 60$ game should be and it doesn't even cost 60$."
76561198037350997,Recommended,462770,33856717,Posted: 28 July,all,Chained Wolf,"A continuation of the high quality that Supergiant has proved itself capable of producing on a consistent basis. Examples being, of course, Bastion and Transistor."
76561198350457349,Recommended,462770,33860747,Posted: 28 July,all,Blurryface,You cant stop loving it.
76561198072404525,Recommended,462770,33866172,Posted: 28 July,all,"AverageJoe, the Sax Man","A Supergiant game at heart, but with the strange take of a mystical sports-like competition the main focal point. An excellent game both in the narrative and core gameplay, although a bit text heavy."
,Recommended,462770,33964240,Posted: 1 August,all,doughnut0900,"Now it's been a while for me playing a game that is so heavy on reading (I usually dont enjoy them much). But this one is an exception for me. So far it's been a blast to converse with the characters and figure out more of their backround. Now the mouse clicking game mechanics can be a bit on the annoying side now and then(switching characters unintentionally, and it's just more inaccurate than the usual wasd, which would have worked well here). But at any rate this is a game worth the 22 CAD but be wary if you arent up for reading as there is a lot, and you will lose a lot of the experience if you just blow through the dialogue."
,Recommended,462770,33866401,Posted: 28 July,all,Gary,A fantastic blend of a 3 on 3 sports-like RPG battle system and VN elements make for a wonderful adventure through the beautifuly constructed world of the Downside.
76561198197495055,Recommended,462770,34519221,Posted: 26 August,all,mrfletcher,"Honestly...just wow. It's gorgeous, visually and musically. You might want to buy it just to look at. But that's not to mention all the other reasons to buy the game. The charachters are memorable, for thier quirks and thier strengths, and how much  more complex they are than just thier appearance. The game manages to prove why games are a form of art, because it uses the interactive meduim, through a choice you make periodically, to draw you closer to the charachters. I sobbed like an idiot when it was finished, and it was engaging to the last. And then I played it again. And I plan to play it more. If you never find yourself getting attatched to any of the charachters, or you want to wait for a sale because it seems too expensive for the shortish playtime (3ish hours per run?), then go ahead, but if it seems even a little interesting, I highly recomend giving it a download and seeing it firsthand."
76561197985115825,Recommended,462770,33809664,Posted: 26 July,all,Naix,9.0 out of 10Good story and fun gameplay.
76561198119105351,Recommended,462770,33837404,Posted: 27 July,all,Internet Explorer,I can most closely compare this game to the first time I had played D&D it was a new fresh experience to me and it helped that the DM was really good (he made ale at one point for one session) and this game reminds me of that level of immersion  and story telling. I have played the game for perhaps 5 or more hours (although it doesn't show that bc offline mode or something) and I will not forget the journey this game has taken me on thus far. While the gameplay can be a bit repetitve (not just a bit) it is fun yet challenging (especially on the hard difficulty) and choices made might not feel like they have a lot of weight (except for a few) I would still say that this game is really fun and enjoyable and I would recommend taking a look at it if you have the chance to do so. now for the listPros:+Breathtaking art and design+Sound & music is freaking amazing (as per usually from SGG)+Story is really good (while I would say it is not as good as Nier Automata it is still two thumbs up from me)+Characters are well writtenNow for the Cons:-Repetitive gameplay (still fun tho)-Illusion of choice (some choices dont matter)-Playing on normal while at times it can prove to be challenging isn't as difficult as I had hopesIf I gave numbers to games I would give this an 8/10 it is worth ones time to play it and experience the story for yourself :D
,Recommended,462770,33837446,Posted: 27 July,all,Reibello,"Another great game from Supergiant.  While Transistor followed a very obvious path from Bastion (gameplay wise), Pyre is more of a leap into something new.  If you're expecting a similar gameplay experience, you're going to be disappointed, as this is very much not that.  Instead of running a character around an empty world, you join a cast of characters as they caravan around the Downside, seeking their freedom.  The story very much takes precedence over the gameplay, which is more of an intermission between pages than the core element of the game.  Personally, I was happy to have it that way, as my favorite portions of the game were exploring the small details hidden away in the flavor text and reading the history of the Downside in the Book.  The gameplay is entertaining, however can be somewhat repetitive, especially if you like winning easily (I do, and have no shame about it).  If you're looking for more of a challenge, there are ways to increase the difficulty, as always.  For me, it's still in third place compared to Bastion and Transistor, I believe it to be well worth your time, provided you're willing to play a game that very much isn't like its predecessors."
,Recommended,462770,34500210,Posted: 26 August,all,Corrupted Exile,"I'm unsure if I should or shouldn't recommend this game, I like it but I dislike it. (couldn't leave it, I had to vote)This wasn't the best game that Super Giant has created, I honestly liked the characters, music and narration but, I didn't like the sports game approach. Although this is their 1st game to involves co-op but unfortunately it's local/lan only. I hope that Super Giant will stick with the great story telling and gameplay just like Transistor and Bastion."
76561198052477113,Recommended,462770,34513861,Posted: 26 August,all,Comrade25,"This game is amazing; great art, music, story, and characters."
76561198122411621,Recommended,462770,33867980,Posted: 28 July,all,IRiceBallsI,"A game with an amazing soundtrack, truly beautiful artwork, an intriguing story and characters you will grow to love.- 10/10"
,Recommended,462770,33963474,Posted: 1 August,all,Dodgy,"I haven't finished it yet, but so far it's fantastic in so many different ways."
,Recommended,462770,34504992,Posted: 26 August,all,flowergrass,Fantasy fighting FIFA the visual novel. Breathtaking art and music. One of a kind.
,Recommended,462770,34517270,Posted: 26 August,all,Tinche,"I may or may not have shed a tear at the ending,"
76561198255365333,Recommended,462770,33808525,Posted: 26 July,all,hmcarlu,Well Made! Really funny and interactive! Maybe one of my best SuperGiant Games developer's team ever made. Thanks for the Party-Base and action-pack that this game reveal! I can't wait any longer for another sequel-of-a-kind.
,Recommended,462770,33868272,Posted: 28 July,all,bheps.goodpoint,"Pyre is not just a game -- It is a an audiovisual experience.GameplayThis review is based from the first 6 hours of gameplay. Pyre is a unique sport game with RPG elements, one that really defies classification. At the very basic, the player controls a team of three in matches known as ""rites"", against an opposing team. The goal is to bring the orb, spawned in the middle of the court at the beginning of each round, to the opponent's flaming target -- and douse the flame. Everytime the flame is doused, it loses a certain amount of HP, depending on your units, skills, and equipment. Pyre demands not only that the player is skilled enough to maneuver the court, but to also choose the appropriate team member for each rite, as each of the crew member has a distinctive skill and play style.Graphics and Sound DesignLike their previous two releases, Bastion and Transistor, Supergiant Games did not fail to impress with an excellent art direction and a wonderful soundtrack. Really, I cannot emphasize less about the beauty of the artwork. The world and characters meticulously detailed in vibrant colors and are very creative, if not fantastic. The music matches every occasion very well, with some of the best soundtracks voiced.Story and WritingThe writing is definitely a very strong point for Pyre. Every character is unique and sympathetic in their own ways, and as the player progresses through the game, they would learn bits and pieces about each character, forming a special connection. And without giving too much spoiler -- the player decides the fate of each character. There are also numerous snippets of story within the codex known as the Book of Rites, which provide insight about the game's mythos and world. In addition, there is no true ""Game Over"" in Pyre, and each rite have their own consequence, whether the player wins or loses.PerformanceGenerally very smooth, but there are one or two framerate hiccups, usually during rites, and I've encountered a freeze a few hours into the game.RecapGameplay 8.5/10Graphics 9.5/10Music 9.5/10Story 9/10 so farPerformance 9/10Highly RECOMMENDED."
76561198242774896,Recommended,462770,33962403,Posted: 1 August,all,kambaybolongo,"I didn't really know what to expect when I started playing Pyre. Turns out it's 70% visual novel 30% awesome fantasy basketball game. Satisfying gameplay, intriguing story, and memorable characters. Give it a shot if you're on the fence, it's become one of my favorite games."
76561198031299753,Recommended,462770,33962385,Posted: 1 August,all,Yukimazan,"I really don't have much to say other than this is an amazing game. Don't judge a book by its cover, this game imo is one of Supergiant's best game to date. It's an experience whether you win or lose, it's still a great experience worth getting into.COME ON AND SLAM AND WELCOME TO THE JAM!"
76561198044864924,Recommended,462770,33841038,Posted: 27 July,all,Dragonfire973,Graphics: 10/10Music/Sound: 10/10Gameplay: 8/10Supergiant continues to live up to their reputation.
76561198065299797,Recommended,462770,34151458,Posted: 10 August,all,Aaron^,Great game
76561197969687669,Recommended,462770,33824883,Posted: 26 July,all,Scelous,Supergiant continues their trend of making awesome games.  Easily worth $20.
76561198040957354,Recommended,462770,33824289,Posted: 26 July,all,SqueeneyTodd,Had a great time with it on my first playthrough! It's definitely one I plan on replaying.
76561198044045532,Recommended,462770,34566322,Posted: 28 August,all,[TTM]Cytus | csgolive.com,"Yes.Lots of reading, if you can bear with that, go for it."
,Recommended,462770,33801218,Posted: 25 July,all,cbtlr,"Thank you for taking your time to make truly thoughtful, meaningful, innovative, and artistic games. Supergiant is the only developer who I trust enough to continue to preorder their games at full price with full confidence that I will not regret it.I will finish this review after I've completed the game but so far, I am blown away."
76561197998787076,Recommended,462770,35014059,Posted: 16 September,all,Evlutte,"Holy Crap. Pyre just leaped straight into my top favorite games of all time. I strongly recommend it to my friends who play games and to anyone interested in trying something new. Incredibly beautiful art, music, and storytelling combined with enjoyable, elegant, and brilliantly designed gameplay."
76561198094512603,Recommended,462770,33842952,Posted: 27 July,all,kanny,it was so good and i loved it and all the girls were really pretty but i couldn't free sandra from her orb so 9.5/10
76561198264082571,Recommended,462770,33795035,Posted: 25 July,all,Weaver of Nights,"Three and a half hours into the story of my most anticipated game of 2017, and I believe I'm ready to do a review. Supergiant has done it again folks, what an amazing masterpiece. The music is superb, the art is probably some of if not the best art I've seen in a video game, and the gameplay is unique. Each character has their own story, and if given the time, you may grow with these characters. However in the end, you may have to say goodbye. As the closer your bond gets, so does the possibility of them reaching the end of their exiled experiance ends. The team of twelve at Supergiant know their stuff, and it shows."
76561198186627119,Recommended,462770,33798261,Posted: 25 July,all,rinzler1926,Welcome to the jam I like this game it's fun looks nice and the music is great will try to free more characters
,Recommended,462770,33870270,Posted: 28 July,all,rai_hikari,"Great game if you can get into weird systems. Enemies are sufficiently difficult on harder difficulties. On normal it gets a bit too easy.Has replayability as a consequence of the story.""Combat"" isn't -that- frequent, so if you don't like the characters, you definitely won't like this game.Music is the best music I've ever heard in any game period.Art is unique and beautiful. As expected from a Supergiant game.This is -not- Transister or Bastion, nor did it sell itself as such. Transister wasn't Bastion at all either. It hasn't been marketted as such. It's such a shame people are putting ""Do not Recommend"" Reviews because of that. It'd probably be 95%+ approval otherwise."
76561198004585236,Recommended,462770,33918085,Posted: 30 July,all,AtlasDragneel,Best Game iv palyed in years LOL
,Recommended,462770,33919546,Posted: 30 July,all,Koanos,10/10Bae is best girl
,Recommended,462770,33889290,Posted: 29 July,all,sidwillcg,"Gaez, that's FIFA."
,Recommended,462770,33799175,Posted: 25 July,all,samiamir,"This was an incredibly polished journey. I've really enjoyed meeting all the characters, learning about their stories and seeing them progress through the game. It certainly makes a lot of decisions later in the game quite difficult because I've become so attached to some characters. Overall it's a really bittersweet game and all of the art and music is absolutely gorgeous. The gameplay during the trials clicked right away when I started the game and it was a thrill to play.Supergiant got very creative with this game and I'm excited to see what else they come up with."
,Recommended,462770,35279866,Posted: 28 September,all,Orkchop,"It's a really good rpg, where the battles are a mystical-sport game. Great art and soundtrack. And great characters with some tough decisions."
,Recommended,462770,34061625,Posted: 6 August,all,Rocky,"Look, it took a little bit of warming up to - and the art and music certainly helped me stick around through that phase - but once I got into it I think Pyre is one of the most compelling games I've played.I think the point where I figured that out was afterthe first Liberation Rite, when I had to physically put my controller down and go to be because a) it was 2am, and b) I was emotionally shattered at the prospect of playing onwithout one of my favourite characters.. The conclusion that you eventually get to is satisfying, but as cliche as it is, it's the journey to get there that's the worthier part.This is a game that I'll play again. Not straight away, but maybe in a year or so on a rainy afternoon when I'm feeling a bit down in the dumps and I need a bit of poignant mystic basketball roadtrip with my buddies the Nightwings."
,Recommended,462770,34064164,Posted: 6 August,all,Velocifox,"Supergiant Games has created yet another masterpiece. I scarcely call their 'games' just that; as they are works of art just as well as the simple title 'videogame'.Art Direction: 10/10Story Concept: 10/10Animation: 10/10Music: 11/10 - It's impossibly good and fitting to the style completely.Character Development: 9/10 - I love lots of backstory and dialogue... but there are times it's a bit much. I suggest more focus on quality over quantity for SG's next game.Gameplay: 7/10 - I love the gameplay mechanics overall, with the exception of The Rites, which I believe to be the only flaw in this otherwise perfect game.Combat Gameplay: 5/10 - The Rites. I don't care for it one bit! See below:When it comes to escaping into a beautiful world full of rich color and characters, Supergiant Games is king. Their art direction, animations, and general ability to lift you up and take you far away, is beyond exceptional. They have inspired me beyond what I thought possible, and let it be said, they are truly a diamond in the rough that is the sea of saturated, terrible games out there right now. This is a masterpiece, and if they receive a negative review /at all/ it's because the reviewer can't see or understand the value of breathtaking art.That being said, my only complaint about this game is actual combat, aka, 'The Rites Ceremony'. It is in theory, 80% basketball and 20% chess. Except, the twitchy movement style of the 'basketball' component feels clunky, unresponsive and often downright frustrating. I was obsessed with Transistor because I was able to ""freeze time"" and allow myself to apply strategy and thought before I acted; something I had hoped would carry over for their future games. It did not. The combat in this game has problems. The perspective in which the camera resides leaves it often hard to judge where the base of a character actually is, causing the player to get stuck running into an obstacle, burning their stamina as they clunkily attempt to move around it. It happens a LOT. I realize there are going to be (likely younger generation) players out there who are all going to say ""WHAT?! Omg! Get better then scrub! I love the fast-paced, twitchiness!! ROFL"" - However, I would hope this review finds Supergiant Games, so they might better understand something about their playerbase.I would aruge that the majority of Supergiant Game's fanbase are gamers who value, understand and appreciate art. Art in it's most raw form, beautiful abstract paintings and concepts that simply elate the mind. We are NOT players who love twitchy-fast-paced, ""precision"" combat. It was such a terrible disappointment to see just how twitchy the combat was after I watched the trailers. I was hoping there would be more strategy involved, but really it's just about picking the quickest character and having them juke/rush the NPCs.Here's my Suggestion for you Supergiant Games:- It would have been really nice if you gave the player time to actually set up the positioning of their characters before the Rites began, adding a whole new level of strategy to the combat. By the time I can even clunkily select the correct character, the enemy NPC is already diving for my Pyre, often leaping from halfway across the map and straight into the goal. Sigh.- The movement is not responsive, it has an ease and acceleration/deceleration upon starting or stopping movement. I understand this may be more realistic, but it's just downright frustrating! Getting stuck behind objects or nearly missing the enemies Pyre because of this, really kills the fun.- How about everything just has it's quickness cut in half across the board? Or, rather than attempting to fuse a twitchy-combat style into a beautiful, relaxing work of art; what's wrong with turn-based strategy?While this game is a masterpiece, if you are an older gamer and/or you are not one for fast-paced, slippery-precision combat, I would not recommend this game for you, unless you can force yourself to look past it like I did.Dear Supergiant Games:I love you so gd much it is my dream to work for you. But please, may I request that your next game have more strategy instead of fast-paced, slippery, twitchy combat? PLEASE? Let me enjoy your work! Transistor had a great solution to this. Bastion, at least it felt better in combat than this."
76561198042565055,Recommended,462770,34064518,Posted: 6 August,all,KKAM001,"Upon completing the game I felt something that rarely occurs after that process. Destinies of the characters lingered in my mind, caring for the choices I made on their behalf, even as I came back to the real world.  Although the characters were outlandish they felt real. Even the story endings of my adversaries in what is essentially a sports game, was something that filled me with a peculiar feeling of nostalgia.The game creates a very distinctive world  with its use of graphics, sound and storytelling that defies some usual classification. I would say that aspect of strangeness pertains to the all three of the Supergiant games so far.  Someone said that this game is akin to a visual novel. I would agree to that, it requires quite a lot of reading, but in this game it is a compliment, reading does not take away from the gameplay, is imbued with some funny screen reactions as you go on,  and all that text is not its own purpose. It actually sensibly enriches everything that is to come.When it comes to the sporting gameplay, I wish that it was a tad more simple. I am not sure it was the choice of the (keyboard) controls, the sheer number of the characters with their unique abilities that one has to get used to and master in a limited time span, but the fact is I rarely felt in total  control  of my character during that part. Nevertheless it did feel enjoyable.Pyre is a slow game. It might sound counter intuitive to its competition persona, but it is like a journey."
,Recommended,462770,34062267,Posted: 6 August,all,Dachnak,"This game has BEAUTIFUL artwork and a GREAT soundrack. The gameplay is one of a kind; it is a ball game where each player has specific abilities, with some RPG elements.BUT, there is a but.There is a lot of reading to do if you want to follow the plot; it gets annoying by the end of the game. Partly becaus of this, the game becomes quite repetitive in its second half.There is some role playing to do, but it's minimal. I felt like I did not actually have much control over what was going on. Even when it came to the few available artifacts, more often than not the choice was a no brainer: most of them are just not worth your money, while others are clearly the best items. Overall, I felt like the core of the game was its ball gameplay, while the rest only served to make the game longer and artsier than your average sports game.Finally, in my experience some characters were much easier to play with than the rest. Ti'zo, Sir Gilman, Rukey and lvl 4+ Pamitha can have their quickness and/or stamina maxed out so that reaching the opponent's pyre becomes pretty easy. On the other hand, everytime I played with other chacthers I had a hard time winning, even with few titan stars activated,Still, I enjoyed the game because of the way it looks, because of its soundrack and because of its innovative mechanics. It feels fresh and unique. I can only hope Supergiant and other developers keep exploring new paths rathers than taking old ones."
,Recommended,462770,33792363,Posted: 25 July,all,DaWhale,"I think i underpaid, judging by the soundtrack alone!"
76561198103815187,Recommended,462770,33791391,Posted: 25 July,all,Zebra Lord,"A small band of outcasts need you to lead them to their freedom by helping them win the football world championship.Great music, great art, great characters, bizarre premise.10/10"
76561198401877116,Recommended,462770,33815322,Posted: 26 July,all,4kbusinessrequests,"It's amazing, original, perfect in all ways. Game of the century!"
,Recommended,462770,34067728,Posted: 6 August,all,Relle,"Pyre combines the graphcial artistry, musical genius, and storytelling brilliance that Supergiant is known for, into a unique take on a 3v3 basketball-esque game. It's a quality game, but it's still a pretty big departure from the traditional action RPGs that Supergiant produced in Bastion and Transistor. So if you're wondering if playing a sports game slash RPG is worth your money, check out my video for more information!https://youtu.be/8-C6MYNi-Kk"
76561198004148681,Recommended,462770,35333924,Posted: 30 September,all,sai`ke,"I did not expect this to work, but it really does.Pegging it as a sports game really doesn't do it justice. It's something different, but an enjoyable kind of different. It's unlike anything I've played before. That which makes this game great is hard to convey in a short trailer or review, but it really is great.With a great cast of characters, this game provided some genuinely tense moments. Not because of overly dramamatic set pieces, but because of the relatability of the characters and the weight of responsibility the game puts on your shoulders.The mood is amazing once again. Visually, the game is stunning. The brazen use of color really makes the art pop. Audio-wise, I've come to expect good music from Supergiant, but Korb's versatility still took me by surprise. Each adversary has its own recognisable theme and motifs which are carried over in different versions of the score. What's fun is that somehow each theme really 'feels' like the adversary it is meant for.It's not a perfect game, but nevertheless, I would say a definite must-play."
76561198050446493,Recommended,462770,35283580,Posted: 28 September,all,misanthrope_murphy,"I mean I loved this game before and only really had one gripe, but Supergiant being the awesome people they are fixed my only gripe and added a new game plus :D. Soundtrack is amazing, aesthetic is amazing, overall would highly reccomend."
,Recommended,462770,35398178,Posted: 1 October,all,FViral,Great gameplay backed up by wonderful art and sound.
76561198044081519,Recommended,462770,35394548,Posted: 1 October,all,Ketchup,I wish I could pay for this game twice.Supergiant never fails to impress
,Recommended,462770,35388398,Posted: 1 October,all,Reverend Prettyface,"While the gameplay isn't anything special, the story, music and characters made this the most memorable game of the year."
,Recommended,462770,34125093,Posted: 9 August,all,Telepath Vaginal,"Take us home, Ligaratus."
,Recommended,462770,35440815,Posted: 3 October,all,Geist Grace,Recommend this game on Steam isn't enough.I have to preach it
,Recommended,462770,33813756,Posted: 26 July,all,Colynato,"Pyre is an intense game with a vast story, branching paths, and a delightful cast of characters.Gameplay consist of:-Reading the dialogue-Reading the Book of Rites-Reading people's translated inner thoughts-Reading your friend's stats and abilities-Reading items descriptions-Reading what you read previously-Reading because nobody else can read-And reading your friends through a SICK GAME OF BASKETBALL for MOTHERF*CKING SALVATION!*Would read to bring my friends salvation again.*(It's literally Banner Saga with Basketball)"
76561197987527539,Not Recommended,462770,33802366,Posted: 25 July,all,Indrigis,"I absolutely wanted to love it and I failed to.The graphics are woefully psychedelic and irrelevant, the soundtrack is rather unimaginative and the gameplay is extremely bland. Grab the McGuffin and run it into the enemy Pyre! I mean, what could possibly go wrong with making the core mechanic a ""Yep, that's the entirety of it"" affair after Bastion and Transistor which both featured meaningful strategic elements.The game also entirely failed to capture my attention the way previous two did. There's not a single outstanding element like the narrator or the intriguing setting. Not to mention the ""oh shut the jazz up already""voice in your headthat wastes your time with pointless banter before every bout of combat. And every other voice is just gibberish with subtitles. Seriously, guys?-- Ppppprrrrrrrrrrtttt (Oh, mighty and awesome Reader, we need you to point out the place of our next Rite on this awesome start chart where you only have one choice but surely you feelinvolvedby clicking that one choice, right?)-- Woofasrisadhkjlgh (I agree with you wholeheartedly, my most awesome and dignified canine friend. Let's revel in the Rite right away lest the player notice that it's the same piece of gameplay as the previous five Rites)A bad visual novel on acid is very much NOT what I expected from Supergiant... =("
,Not Recommended,462770,33799170,Posted: 25 July,all,thePoark,"Like many others, I'm a big fan of Bastion and Transistor, but this game is just not for me.  It seems to be a good game with exceptional qualities, but the sports-esque ""RPG"" gameplay is just not fun or interesting to me, and I don't like enough of the rest of it to put up with that.  Hope everyone who is enjoying it has a great time; it is pretty different than a lot of games out there, so worth a short, but ultimately not what I like in a game."
,Not Recommended,462770,33993671,Posted: 3 August,all,Hamakua,"Pyre is an ok game by indie standards with a phenomenal visual presentation.  I'm a fan of Supergiant Games as a developer and appreciate that they push themselves to try different things.  That said - if you pick up the game and the ""Rites"" gameplay doesn't truly speak to you - it's best to ask for a refund at that point.  While I haven't finished the game I have played enough of it to reach various story ""hooks"" and I can say it's a sub-par narrative they gets fed to you exclusively through text.   There is a reason why I don't have visual novels in my gaming library and that's because if I wanted to read a novel - there are thousands of books out there that are much better than whatever Pyre is offering.Total Biscuit once described Hand of Fate as greater than the sum of its parts, and I agree with that.  Pyre is sort of the inverse - its individual parts apart from the writing are all fantastic components within a vacuum but cumulatively they drag the rest down because they serve as a reminder of wasted effort.   The main ""game"" gameplay loop, if you look at it objectively is painfully shallow.  Until now Supergiant Games have made ""indi"" games that trip over the line into AAA quality.  Pyre's gameplay stumbles backward into the realm of mediocrity (polished mediocrity mind you) when you strip away all the visual spleandor.The Audio is fantastic but it's heavily truncated compared to SG's previous iterations and just screams cut-corners.  The soundtrack is servicable but it does not meet Bastion's or Transistor's achiecements let alone exceed them.  The in-game SFX are very polished but there isn't much there that needs to be pushed.  It's a constant 3 vs 3 affair with generally the same 5 or so moves.The game might be worth it if you just want to take a tour through some phenomenal art direction, but unless you are into very simplified ""sports"" prototypes (3 on 3, simple rules, simple mechanics, exploitable AI).  This is a Supergiant art demo with a boring gameplay loop tacked onto it and a ton of uninspired and uninteresting text tacked onto it.Beyond the visuals and presentation - the only other good thing I can say about Pyre is that at least Supergiant Games got to make what I think will be viewed as a ""dud"" once the hype wears off to get it out of their system.  I hope they re-double their efforts for their next project because they are a fantastically talented developer.Pyre, in my opinon, was a waste of that effort.  Also - watch your 2 hour play limit if you want to hold a refund.  The ""inbetween"" time between matches drags way more than it should and all the mechanics of the game aren't even revealed even at the 8 hour mark.I wish the game was something more or something else."
76561197970263100,Not Recommended,462770,33803017,Posted: 26 July,all,Game_is_Hard,kick the ball into goal
76561198031898107,Recommended,462770,33794122,Posted: 25 July,all,Sovereignsfall,Another great Supergiant game.
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,462770,34840983,Posted: 9 September,all,CastIronBoomstick,"Pyre really is an oddity. Its wonderful to look at, and has great music. Sadly, while those two accolades are nothing new to Supergiant Games, Pyre is lacking in one all important department: gameplay. Supergiant has a history of making games with unorthodox gameplay, great stories, and amazing music. Pyre just doesnt live up to that for the most part. The environments are abstract to the point of near-meaninglessness (most dont scan without the lore snippet telling you what you're looking at) and the gameplay doesnt seem fully thought-out. The concept of basketball-as-ritual is interesting, but in practice it just doesnt hold up compared to previous offerings. The controls are tight, but the interplay between characters is muddled. The role that passing and switching plays seems to me quite unclear, and quite often when I get scored on Im honest not sure how; a flurry of switches, passes and doublejumps lands the enemy team an easy goal that they seldom repeat. Im still winning, but it doesnt feel like victory because I have no clue why what Im doing is working. Its sad really, because in a vacuum the gameplay is great; characters have a momentum to them that gives controlling them a solid feel, and each handles in different ways. Overall I think the problem is the lack of standing AI commands. Without you constantly switching back and forth your teammates will just stand there and not really contribute much. The ability to throw down a ralleypoint as you run across the pitch for a mid-field pass-combo feels like a natural thing for a game like this to have, but instead it just feels like a series of platforming micro-challenges. Some reviews of this game mention that it has visual-novel elements, which is a bit of a misrepresentation: you talk to your teammates when one (and it will only ever be one) of them wants to talk, and sometimes the one point at which you're allowed latitude in your responses will have a minor effect on what you know about their bio or their performance in the next rite. Caling something that linear a ""visual-novel"" is far too charitable.Overall, Im sure this game is worth playing for some story revelations down the line, but nearly 2 hours in havng only played a handful of actual rites, I just cant justify the twenty bucks they're asking."
76561198048348178,Not Recommended,462770,33798952,Posted: 25 July,all,Uncle Grim,"This is european handball....the last two games were Action RPGs with great story. This is a book with european handball as the ""game"". It literally feels like I'm reading a very stylized graphic novel while simultaneously being pulled aside every 3 or so minutes reminded ""wait, this is still a game, see sports!"".Sigh...and to think I skipped work for this."
76561198011841826,Recommended,462770,33850291,Posted: 28 July,all,[GOG.com] Simon Stillwater,"Yeah, you're right guys. It ain't Bastion, it ain't Transistor, it's Pyre. Deal with it."
76561198042443132,Recommended,462770,33964581,Posted: 1 August,all,Bloodwolf Leone,Romanced an Orb 10/10.
,Recommended,462770,33809885,Posted: 26 July,all,It's just not cricket,supergiant are just incapable of making something that isn't completely amazing
,Not Recommended,462770,33825381,Posted: 26 July,all,Gorilla Vanilla,In my opinion.All three of SuperGiants titles have had great sounds and visuals.Bastion gameplay was very fun.Transistor gameplay was less fun but I finished it anyway.Pyre has the weakest gameplay of all three and I think I may be off the SuperGiant bandwagon now.
,Recommended,462770,33794469,Posted: 25 July,all,Adiga,Its good
76561198043837709,Recommended,462770,33795449,Posted: 25 July,all,Luck,"Mindblowing good- amazing animations/world, transitions, an involving and evolving life-filled soundtrack and the art is like nothing else. Completely recommend :)"
76561198073074472,Recommended,462770,33813129,Posted: 26 July,all,Aya!,10/10
76561198053224397,Recommended,462770,33820882,Posted: 26 July,all,Cat Eyes,Love the artwork
,Not Recommended,462770,33798105,Posted: 25 July,all,Athurio,"The game has amazing polish.  The artstyle, sound, and animation is second to none.That being said, Rites are incredibly lacking in substance.Of the four stats applied to every character, quickness is clearly the most important (the one that actually wins games).  The others are meager at best.The paltry 8 mastery talents available to heroes (at the time of writing) is insultingly simple and imbalanced, as there are clearly superior options.Being defensive is suicide in this game since offense can literally overcome EVERYTHING a defensive character can do, and reliably at that.  As a result you can absolutely steam-roll the AI, even at higher difficulties, if they try to be defensive.All in all, trying to combine the mysticism of fantasy with the everyday mundane-ness of basketball doesn't really serve either of the two.  The technicality of basketball is disserviced by the whimsy of fantasy, and the magic of fantasy by the mundanity of basketball.It's a lot like trying to mix oil and water."
,Recommended,462770,33820655,Posted: 26 July,all,Red ★ Anxiety,1.9 hours in game...Now I can't stop thinking about the damn game. I wish for more games from them.(PLEASE MAKE MORE.)
,Recommended,462770,33797599,Posted: 25 July,all,r0land,"In love during the first three notes!Supergiant, you know me very well, don't ya?"
76561198046895615,Recommended,462770,33797693,Posted: 25 July,all,ImSpartan,"Amazing game with beautiful art, a must have, even if you don't usually like indie games."
,Recommended,462770,34237109,Posted: 14 August,all,Tenshi,Supergiant <3
,Recommended,462770,33867844,Posted: 28 July,all,marzgamingmaster,"Pyre is a game that does a lot of things very well. At its heart, the core gameplay loop is an unholy fusion of magic-infused NBA Jam 3v3, and a dash of Oregon Trail on the side. You pick a place to go, on the way there you get a choice of things, and once you do one of the things you reach the destination. Then you get a last chance to prepare before you face your opponents in a very solid and enjoyable match of class based basket ball. Win or lose your story continues, just the choices you get to make and events in the world around you change. Not even strictly for the worse.Sadly, the thing about Supergiant games is that to offer you more in-depth coverage would be to drop hot, spicy spoilers upon you, which I shall avoid. But suffice to say, at some point there is a twist that exposes the endgame, and adds more intensity to your choices, and weight to every win or loss.The music is lovely, though there was no real gut punch that caused me to start crying as there was in Transistor or Bastion. That said, it was more unanimously enjoyable, and I've found myself humming most if not all of the soundtrack on my day to day at some point without thinking about it.Characters are well written and likable for the most part, even most of your opponents. There will very likely be at least one person that resonates with you, whether they be charming or relatable, or simply adorable. Every member you add to your team also has their own uses, nobody really feels like a sub-par version of another character, as even those with largely similar move sets very vastly as you level them up and choose skills.However, the game is not perfect. If you're quick on the uptake and got fast hands, you should be able to choose whether you win or lose every match on the normal difficulty. It starts easy, and by the time the difficulty starts pumping up, you've got enough levels and trinkets to sort of brute force your way through most challenges, though the potential for some tricky, flashy plays is certainly there. There are, after a certain point, the return of difficulty modifiers that may be turned on or off before each match, which should be familliar in execution if you've played a supergiant game before. I've always liked that way of adjusting difficulty more than just shifting a slider, but it can be intimidating to mess with too much, and it's easy to promise yourself the highest chance of sucess by leaving them all off, especilly since the xp rewards for toggling them on feel a tad stingy. As a result, I ended up beating my first full story playthrough in about 10 or so hours, I want to say.This feels a little rougher because, unlike the last two games, there is no new game plus. The idea is that the player is given at least 5 save slots, and there is so many chances for the story to branch that starting a whole new game could turn out completely differently. Which is certainly fine, to an extent. However, the game treats the new save like a fresh, brand-new save. No option to skip tutorials or cutscenes that there is no possible way around that you could have changed in any meaningful way beyond mashing through the dialogue.Besides that, there is the versus mode, which can be done against people or AI. It's competent and fun, though there is no online play. But it feels like there's something missing. The game would have been greatly helped by the addition of some sort of world map mode outside of the story. Just have your whole team, and let you lose yourself in going from place to place, enjoying the gameplay loop of ""Pick opponent, do event, prepare, face opponent, repeat."" The only way to do that is starting an entirely new game, and unfortunately that does still give certain spoiler-riffic time constraints and pressures that would be kinda nice to just... not have to deal with.If those things are game breakers for you, then I offer my apologies and hope you find a better game. However, for all my complaints, the game was fun, charming, and I'm already well into another playthrough of the main story, because it's just that good. I would suggest giving it a try, even if you're not into sports games, as there's plenty to love no matter what you enjoy."
,Recommended,462770,33809607,Posted: 26 July,all,ani.for.prez,"TL:DRIf you dislike reading large amounts of text and Visual Novel games STAY AWAY. This is a story-HEAVY game and gameplay is an extremely small portion of it and not that deep.Normally I would only write a review for a game after I feel it has shown me everything on offer. I think I'll buck that trend for this game for 2 reasons. I got the game early because it was a Supergiant game and many other people have either done the same thing or are planning to buy it purely BECAUSE it is a Supergiant game and because most people have either not followed the trailers and other media about the game and have certain expectations. I will edit this review once I have finished the game but for now consider this review a PSA.You see Pyre is practically a VISUAL NOVEL GAME. For people who don't know, a visual novel is a type of interactive media where you're basically reading a piece of literature but told to you at your own pace as you advance the prose by pressing a button and this is accompanied by visuals around the text that help you imagine what the characters look like and where they are and their emotions etc so you don't have to read what they're feeling; you can just tell by looking at their face. So I repeat, Pyre is a VISUAL NOVEL GAME albeit an EXTREMELY BEAUTIFUL, well crafted and extensively written one with TONS of flavor text (descriptions of characters, items and locations) with an amazing soundtrack and some excellent worldbuilding. The ""gameplay"" portion of Pyre is incredibly sparse, uncommon, short and most easily compared to modern day basketball but with it's own twists and is called aRite. There is a VERY RUDIMENTARY leveling system of sorts that seems to have some story consequences but I've not got far enough in the game to be sure.The skills the characters acquire do switch up the football-esque gameplay a LOT since some of the skills are extremely beneficial but since you will very rarely even play this section and these only last for a few minutes. I found myself looking forward to these in a way because the characters themselves seem to be very enthusiastic about it which speaks quite a lot for how well written I feel the game is.I LOVE this game. But I'm the sort of guy that doesn't really expect gameplay necessarily from games, or well made mechanics or anything really as long as the game is a compelling experience in and of itself. How a game offers this experience could be it's gameplay or its story or the characters or the graphics or anything. All I expect is to be swept away into a world of the making of the creators' imagination. Obviously this is not the case for many since most people would expect a game to have gameplay and failure states and an end goal. Which is where a fair amount of disappointment and disillusionment seems to come from for this game. As for this game, consider me swept away."
,Recommended,462770,33828617,Posted: 27 July,all,Kilmi Nao,Another good game by SupergiantNew type of gameplay compared to the different gamesInteresting StorylinebutThe twist was just like the one in bastion
,Recommended,462770,33828873,Posted: 27 July,all,skostman,"TL;DR: Check the end paragraphFirst, due to the overwhelming amount of reviews stating so it is important to state this warning to all people seeking to play this game.This game is not bastion and neither is it transistor, supergiantgames has decided to instead attempted to craft a different experience.I would still heavily recommend this game as i found it quite enjoyable but for those that are looking for what some might consider ""Supgergiantgames"" style of gameplay this is not it.What Pyre is however is a visual novel/sportsball game with a somewhat odd execution on all of it. The game can be simply broken down into three sections- SportsballThis is the core of the game and I would say is its best aspect, simply put if you enjoy your first ritual (sportsball game) then you will probably enjoy all of the others to varying different degrees. How this mode works is that each player picks three different characters each one with their own skills, pros and cons. You can only move one at a time but can freely switch between any of them and your goal is to pick up and move a celestial orb into the enemies pyre (goal). The entire time your characters exude each individually a radial aura which if the enemy touches it causes them to be eliminated for a few seconds allowing you to get closer to their pyre. Picking up the celestial orb causes you to lose your aura which is where most of the difficulty stems from. There are other abilities such as being able to cast your aura forth as a wave but this changes on a per character basis.Overall this core mechanic which you will be playing a lot of is rather fun if not a bit too easy, until you get access to optional difficulty options which give the enemy a heavy upper hand you probably will not be challenged to much even on the hardest difficulty setting. However again it should not be understated, even towards the end of the game (near 7 hours in) i did not grow tired of the sportsball and i will most definately be playing it more with friends as it simply is a good time.- Story contentAs one might expect from Supergiant games you have a really rather interesting setting with a rather straightforward story. Where bastion was a ruined world you were trying to reconstruct and Transistor was the resurection of a ruined city, Pyre is about your band of exiles called the ""nightwings"" who through your guidance as the ""reader"" will absolve them of their crimes and allow them to return to civilization. As with previous Supergiant games there is more too this than the simple footnotes but this is the gist of the story. Sadly where this falls flat is in several areas, for instance with Bastion the worldbuilding was given through narration which did not hinder the speed of the game. However, with this game you are presented with a tome which slowly gets filled as you traverse the world and sadly unless you are willing to read it you won't know the lore of the world. Even then, knowing the lore of the world is rather pointless as almost none of the ancient structures you pass by have any importance in the actual story. They simply exist in my opinion for being striking visuals and nothing more. Secondly after about the 4th or perhaps the 5th hour of the game i was still heavily invested in the overall plan to get my exiles absolved but the game constantly insisted upon one event being extremely important yet with it constantly pressing the matter it made me care all the less for it.I am mostly talking about how they insist that the stars are receding and going away yet you always return to the final ritual and they still keep going on and on about how they are going away. Yet mechanically they never show this except for perhaps once with the semi final ritual having your enemies be no shows. They could have executed this better by having stars dissapear, limiting your options further and actually showing that this event is scary.Overall the story is straight forward and altough it does lack some meat on its bones I would say that it at the very least it ends satisfyingly if not in a slightly expected way.- Narrative contentBetween your rites and the characters giving their story expositions you will have random little events, giving you a chance to explore your nightwings motivations, aspirations and previous struggles in life. These were what mainly drew me into the game as the characters themselves are all rather interesting in their owns ways each one having a clear reason as to why they would want to return to the commonwealth and why they set about their journeys. However here again the execution is somewhat mixed. You have a huge oppertunity to lose out on a lot of the individual characters dialogue options and interactions as the events themselves happen at set times and there is only so much time for each character to tell you their lifes story. Along with this there are sometimes pressing matters that in universe never get approached until a few days later, which strikes me as odd and took me somewhat out of the experience when you are talking about such extremely important matters as getting out of exile or talking of a lost love. Along with this, sometimes the dialogue can be a little basic and could have done with more refinement.However, I don't want to sell this any short without getting into spoilers a lot of the interactions you will have in this game will be at the very least entertaining or interesting as some characters are in shades of grey and you learn that perhaps there is more to them than you previously though and to a certain point you might not want them unexiled simply because you wish to hear more about their story.Overall supergiant games made a really rather nifty little package with charming characters, a focused story and a great and enjoyable core gameplay loop cut short only because of how tedius it might become near the end game and because of their lack of execution of making the lore of the world actually important."
,Recommended,462770,34729093,Posted: 3 September,all,JM,Best game of 2017. (so far)
,Recommended,462770,34728131,Posted: 3 September,all,AShadyZebra,Is gud.
,Recommended,462770,33985541,Posted: 2 August,all,knit my sweater,i like it
,Recommended,462770,34101352,Posted: 8 August,all,Croy,I hope the afterlife is as much fun as this game posits.
,Recommended,462770,33877150,Posted: 29 July,all,Losian Rooke,"So yeah, uhm.. I can totally see some of the mediocre/negative reviews on this game.It's unique, for sure, but I think the biggest issue is that it tries a bit too hard to bridge sorts of gaps in gameplay and genre that just don't make sense to bridge.I've seen it described as 'basketball' and similar and that's pretty damn accurate, if you have three people on the court, you can banish players/have yours banished after a goal, and only person on each time can ever move at once. That's pretty much it. That makes it quite a stretch to call it an ""RPG"" by almost any standard.With that said, if you expect this to be the majority of your gameplay and are okay with that, it'd probably be great. Maybe it's my fault for expecting something else from an ""RPG"", but I also avoid previews and such because I don't like having gameplay tips and mechanics spoiled - the fun is in figuring it out. But yeah, if you're coming here looking for anything remotely like what you expect from ""RPG"" then.. well don't. It's about as RPG as Borderlands, in that there's some stuff you choose with some passive effects and that's just about it.With the nuances of genre and what to label this game aside, I will say that the ambiance, the art style, the 'pseudo'-voice-acting, which I prefer to most ""real"" voice acting anyway (I mean, let's be honest.. unless you got a LOT of money to spend, or know a friend or two who are quite talented, voice in most games makes the game worse, not better), the sound and music, the story.. It all looks pretty damn cohesive and intriguing.Quite frankly, I think they missed the mark here. It feels like two distinct ideas for a game - on one side, some neat look and feel, some ideas for a setting and characters, some intrigue.. and on the other, an idea for some weird tiny-arena-area based pseudo-foosball game.. and rather than make both, they just kinda bashed each one into the other without a really good regard for why.Sometimes you can mix and mingle genres and concepts and gameplay and it works out great - sometimes, it doesn't.. In this case.. eh.. sorta? Just don't expect any of the usual or expected features and mechanics of RPGs, save some relatively barebone passives and a vague sense of progression - besides that you're mostly just playing ritual foosball. And that's not entirely bad, but I don't think it's especially good, either. As other reviews have said, and I'll echo, I am far more interested in the world and story than the strange action-based-ballgame, and one just interrupts the other no matter which you prefer. The game just doesn't make sense - they should have just made the gameplay of this game into another game altogether, and done something that fits better to the story, world, and general feel of Pyre.I agree with most of the other 6/10 reviews, the aesthetic/sound/polish make it shine, but it just feels like it just can't quite work. I mean, home bake some really nice bread, go outside and grill a really great burger.. you can stick 'em together, but come on.. burger on bread? Is it a sandwich? Is it a hamburger? I mean it kinda works, and individually they're both well done and easy to appreciate, but the two combined just don't really make sense. This game is a hamburger made with bread instead of a bun - it's great bread, don't get me wrong, but.. it just ain't right."
76561198038517944,Recommended,462770,33866127,Posted: 28 July,all,Mythres,"This game...It's simply amazing.Even if the combat mechanics don't seem like your cup of tea, I would heartily recommend to trust supergiant on this one.Just the story alone is well worth experiencing."
76561198050480996,Recommended,462770,34059391,Posted: 6 August,all,Nakor,A beautiful game.
76561198054166429,Recommended,462770,33812363,Posted: 26 July,all,StatelyPuddle,"Well...Amazing visauls, music and gameplay. What did you expect after Bastion and transistor?"
76561198239513450,Recommended,462770,35312153,Posted: 29 September,all,nobbersly,This game is amazing
,Recommended,462770,35322905,Posted: 29 September,all,llamalad (מיכה),A great addition to the Supergiant canon.
76561198262029742,Recommended,462770,35340139,Posted: 30 September,all,Special Agent Quinoa Flakes,SIR GILMAN
,Recommended,462770,33795441,Posted: 25 July,all,Meesh,"Beautiful art style, music, and design. Gameplay is almost like a sport: grab an orb and run it into the opposing goal."
76561198030331857,Recommended,462770,35356596,Posted: 30 September,all,MartinMorgan,It's super giant game.
76561198023007426,Recommended,462770,33856773,Posted: 28 July,all,Slugerous,"If visual and aural beauty is something important in your gaming experience, give pyre a strong chance.Stunningly beautiful world and art; vibrant, bold, and in motion. And once again Darren has delivered a fantastic soundtrack for supermassive.The visuals are so strong that gameplay was of no consequence to me, no matter the reservations others might have.The illusion of choice was executed very well."
76561198038304662,Recommended,462770,35274021,Posted: 28 September,all,LPGZone,This game hurt me and I loved it.If you like Supergiant games then you will enjoy this game.
76561198149472819,Recommended,462770,35274461,Posted: 28 September,all,junglecatman,Pyre is an absolute joy to play.
76561198201727628,Recommended,462770,33793045,Posted: 25 July,all,#OVERWATCH,Supergiants last two games are some of the best games ive ever played and this one might just be my fav out of them already
,Not Recommended,462770,33910505,Posted: 30 July,all,smsrampage,"17 hours of gameplay, and zero replayability as you won't stand going through the first, tutorial missions again. You can't skip the monologs you've already heard so you won't try different choices and so you won't know all the possible outcomes of the story. Too bad, because the system of picking adversaries is great, just... you won't use it much. The gameplay itself is, again, super-fun, but I feel no motivation to skirmish with the AI and the game has no online multiplayer, so... the game limits your ability to play the game long before you are bored with it, in every way possible. This should be open-world game, all the rules are perfect for that. Instead, your choices are limited by time and story events."
,Not Recommended,462770,33867820,Posted: 28 July,all,Doc Penguin,"This game's controls are complete ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥ You hold Left Click to move, W to jump, Shift to Sprint, and Space is to pass the ball. It feels like a preist is smearing oil on your body and sucking your right index finger - ♥♥♥♥ing weird and disgustingEven with a controller, ""Rite Ball"" plays horribly. It's a basketball game where you can only control one person at a time in real time, you have to actively swap between people to avoid getting shot. It sounds cool on paper but clunky and awkward at the same time.The UI is also garbo aswell. When you attempt to pass the ball, you have a thin line telling you where it's going to go. A simple thing line in a game where Lines are flying everywhere trying to kill you as you are them. It's hard to track and feels like a blind warp jump. Taking control of your character is♥♥♥♥♥as well because the game doesn't care which order you chose your team for their respective keybinds.If I choose Nomad, Demon Lady, and Rat Dog, in said order, I would assume pressing the respective number key would select that character. 1 = Nomad , 2 = Demon Lady, 3 = Rat Dog. Instead the game throws up it's hands and goes : 1 Rat Dog, 2 = Nomad, 3 = Demon Lady. It's ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. The Camera doesn't zero in on your new character either when you change, IT KEEPS THE ORIGINAL POSITION. The only way you can tell you swapped characters is that there is a small ball above your head that glows blue. While your team wears blue. Your team shoots blue magic. With blue lines. It's difficult to see.♥♥♥♥.Pyre.Ball."
,Not Recommended,462770,33862042,Posted: 28 July,all,shinvicius,"Its a graphic novel with a little bit of action in the rites.The rites are fun but doesnt save the game for me.In one hour of gameplay what happens: 50 minutes reading text ,10 min playing the rites."
76561198075373216,Not Recommended,462770,34570727,Posted: 29 August,all,Nctrnl,"I really wanted to like Pyre however as much as it pains me I cannot give it a good review.In Pyre you and a variety of characters follow a very linear choose your own adventure style story from rite to rite. These rites are essentially eurohandball if eurohandball players had magic powers. The goal of the rite is to toss the ball or throw yourself and the ball into your opponents pyre. Each time you do so its helath reduces. Reduce your opponents pyre to 0 and you win. You control 3 characters each rite, when you control one the others remain still but you can switch between characters freely. All characters have an aura around them that temporarily banishes an opponent if they come into contact with it. If you control the ball your aura vanishes. Most characters can shoot their auras when not controlling the ball, jump and dash. Combining your 3 characters and optimally using those 3 abilities to win the rites is the game of Pyre. While the rites themselves are mostly enjoyable unfortunately they aren't enough to carry the game of Pyre, which has very little else to offer.Minor Spoilers ahead.The game of pyre follows a bunch of misfits banished from the commonwealth performing the rites to try and gain their freedom. You engage in the rites against other AI controlled banished misfits. In between each rite you follow a repeating sequence of story element, chooise your own adventure element then rite and repeat for the ENTIRE GAME. Furthermore these extra elements are very weak. The story itself is a less interesting version of the Hunger Games (which I did not enjoy at all). The choose your own adventure elements are nothing more than simply clicking between different bonuses, i.e. finding an item, gaining a temporary buff etc. The world is interesting however all the lore resides in walls of text inside a book you have to read which is tedious at best. Character development is also a pain to sit through as none of it is voice acted.Then there's the rites, while they are mostly enjoyable they are still extremely flawed. To have any kind of challenege in these rites you need to max the difficulty and turn on a bunch of modifiers as well. However with the modifiers turned on your characters feel extremely underpowered and unprogressed as you opponents characters fly around the screen doing way more interesting things than you. The rites need one of two things desperately, better AI so you can feel like you are challeneged without over buffing your opponents or online mutliplayer. Unfortunately the rites feel like a side game mechanic in a game where it really is the only game mechanic.It feels like Super Giant invested so heavily in the visuals and soundtrack, which are amazing btw, that there was no budget for anything else. Pyre feels like a concept for a game rather than a game. The story is weak, the gameplay loop is weak, the rites would be great if it wasn't for terrible AI and lack of online multiplayer and the lore of the world and characters is tedious to follow."
,Recommended,462770,33833182,Posted: 27 July,all,Raka,"Prey(2017) is a well-polished remaster/recreation of Prey(2006). According to Wi......wait what? They wrote the game title wrong! Valve please fi......oh nevermind.Pyre is basically a MAGICAL 3-on-3 football game. Role playing looks fun, game lore seems to be rich as usual, art style is astonishingly beautiful, music is fascinating too. Another must-buy gem from Supergiant Games."
76561197998330372,Recommended,462770,33840060,Posted: 27 July,all,BloodOmen,As inspiring as every Supergiant game so far !
76561198036063532,Recommended,462770,33840990,Posted: 27 July,all,Relar,The game was bought by the moment the troth of its existence was revealed.Every sight depicted on the screen – a wallpaper.Every character – worthy of its own story.Music – standalone masterpiece. Worthy ones’ library.It’s amazing piece of art worthy of every penny spent. Just don’t play vs advanced AI with all ‘mutators’ activated. Almost crushed my keyboard.
,Recommended,462770,33964569,Posted: 1 August,all,OldBoy,SANDRA
,Recommended,462770,33792925,Posted: 25 July,all,savage cabage,this game is bloody amazing worth every cent
,Recommended,462770,33805576,Posted: 26 July,all,Eroned,BUY IT. JUST DO IT
76561198075324448,Recommended,462770,35149260,Posted: 23 September,all,Polar Ninja,Watch my full review for Pyre here:youtu.be/XiV5AIunGe4
,Not Recommended,462770,33947891,Posted: 1 August,all,Straight_Miz,"The gameplay is fun for what its worth. But it shouldnt be more than a 5USD Mini-game. Artwork and Music are great, but thats it.Its not worth 20USD in a million years. The Story is boring and there is almost non interaction. After about 1 hour i just skipped the texts to finally actually play.Either the AL is to easy (Normal difficulty) or unfair hard (You only have 50 Points, they have 130 or something and perfect reflexes / dont do any mistakes at all). Its not fun to skip 10 minutes of text to finally play and then finish the AL off in a minute, neither it is to get stomped in a minute. There shouldve been more variation in dificulties.They concentrated to much on the aspect to be ""special"" and create an experience more than a game. I actually like visual novels and story based games a lot. But they have to be good. And for me, this was just boring and disappointing.If youre not 100% sure that youll like the story - dont buy it for full price. Wait for a big sale or til its in a Humble Bundle."
,Not Recommended,462770,34082187,Posted: 7 August,all,mad_gamer,"I played not nearly an hour and got bored, is not inmersive as the other supergiant games, the combat is boring the story is long and drags you trough endless dialogs until you finally end up fighting and doing the same thing over and over, Honestly idk why i bought it at full price. In my opinion this game is too overrated, I let myself go by the reviews and because is one of the companies I love and have good fond memories of bastion.This game could be fun, maybe if you play with other people, some kind of football based pasing the ball fast paced game. Not what i expected from a supergiant game.I give it a 4/10 and I am being generous because the art is beautifull and the soundtrack is amazing, but beyond that. I don't recommend it unless you are a fan of this type of games (football based, passing the ball, etc)."
76561198124728809,Recommended,462770,33805141,Posted: 26 July,all,Muad'Dib,This is not just a game. Its an art. Everybody buy and start playing.
,Not Recommended,462770,35071980,Posted: 19 September,all,Garmonbozia Cenotaph,"just cant get into it. the story seems to be just a framing device for explaining the dull 'sports' gameplay. i loved bastion and transistor, but i cant bring myself to finish this game even once. maybe im too old, maybe im too cynical, but i do not recommend this game."
76561198079897593,Recommended,462770,33791612,Posted: 25 July,all,jawzx01,Fantastic game. The first game in a log time where I desire to keep playing. There is someting engaging and intreiging about both the story and the gameplay. The music is also fantastic. I strongly recommend this.Tech Note: It's stable and not a demanding game. Fairly sure this will run well on my macbok (assuming mac support) given the graphical style. My point: This is a game you can play on a laptop and maybe even a convertable computer.
76561198018499912,Not Recommended,462770,34247173,Posted: 14 August,all,theycallmejokke,"Cool little visual novel, with both very pretty art and music, broken up by a rather dull and repetitive minigame. The game do seem to have genuinly both interesting characters, lore and world, which for me just made the above mentioned minigame even more unwelcome."
,Not Recommended,462770,33936093,Posted: 31 July,all,j4,"Pyre is an alright visual novel with a puddle-deep minigame, which would be fine, if it was advertised as such."
76561198070333485,Not Recommended,462770,34338469,Posted: 18 August,all,grandpasut,Pyreball way too awkward.
,Recommended,462770,33800238,Posted: 25 July,all,DIO,lit
76561198025181196,Not Recommended,462770,33902902,Posted: 30 July,all,Freneticus M,"The game looks good and the music is fine, but the gameplay was terrible. I really liked Bastion and Transistor, so I was hoping for another pearl from Supergiant Games. But this ballgame-thing was just annoying."
76561198042614616,Not Recommended,462770,33799880,Posted: 25 July,all,Kage Sasurai,"Every studio swings a miss once in a while, Supergiant was due. I expected some sort of RTS with their usual artistic flair and instead got suicide football: the game. I thought the intro mission was some sort of a crappy joke minigame, turns out it's the whole thing.Garbage if you wanted an RTS, probably great if you want a medicore sports game dressed up as something else, don't know since I'm refunding ASAP."
76561197968575212,Not Recommended,462770,33868868,Posted: 28 July,all,Andy,Pyre is an incredible game until you try and play it. Then you realize it's just a digital version of Powerball from American Gladiators.
76561197983190864,Not Recommended,462770,34084871,Posted: 7 August,all,gruevy,"Short version: Too much reading in between playing.If the reviews on this game get too negative, I might go back and change my review to positive. I mean, it's fine. It's not great, but it's fine. It's just a highly disjointed experience. It's a game that doesn't quite know what it wants to be--is this a sort of sports RPG, a visual novel, or what? I'm not sure, and neither are the developers. The problem is that it reaaaallly drags in between the battles. Rather than let you move at your own pace, doing a few matches at a time and then interacting and reading for a while as it suits you, it goes read read read read read play read read read read play read read read play read read play. About 1/3 of the way through the game, I stopped reading the book because honestly, it just wasn't interesting. It's a cheap tourist guide to a world I can't interact with in any way, full of overly fancy writing. 2/3 of the way through, I was barely skimming most of the dialog.Another problem I had with it is, is that I don't think that your choices in the dialog, or really anywhere else, have much of an effect on the character stories. If this is supposed to be some kind of visual novel thing, shouldn't I have more of an effect on how they turn out? There were like 5 dialog choices in the whole game. That's not an exaggeration. You just click OK after reading the dialog 99% of the time.Also, as a political scientist who studies the nature of justice and freedom, I'm not sure the writers had any damn idea what they wanted to say with the philosophy here, but it's entirely possible that's because I couldn't be bothered to read the book."
76561198037813486,Not Recommended,462770,34049105,Posted: 5 August,all,Diswin,"There are two perfect things about this game - visual style and music. Everything else repetitive, boring, annoying and generally mesh bad.Rites are especially disgusting. Bad designed controls with sever punishment for even small mistakes in judgement,  a heavy relying on player reaction. A lot of interruptions in middle of the battle by annoying amount of text.Compared to Bastion and Transistor, Pyre is a total failure. I should not have pre order it."
76561197981682505,Not Recommended,462770,34125153,Posted: 9 August,all,║▌║▌║яαsρ,It's basically a Pokemon game with an extensive backstory. My problem is with the game mechanics during the action portions where it feels like certain enemy moves can't be countered. I uninstalled.
76561198189877097,Not Recommended,462770,34745034,Posted: 4 September,all,eric.swartzwelder,"I virtually NEVER write reviews for things, love or hate. But this....I expected better of Supergiant.This game is 1.suprisingly tedious (the only thing interesting about this game happens for 2-3 EASY minutes at a time between 30 minutes of nothing but written dialog) and 2. in certain places, completely out of nowhere, EGREGIOUSLY UNFAIR. Tizo's trial is exhibit A...I've never played a more viciously unbalanced and insulting segment of a video game in my entire life. And it wasn't the only one in this game.As others have said, I really wanted to like this. I liked Bastion and really liked Transistor. Pyre is pretty, and a great concept in terms of lore and mechanics. It had a ton of potential. But gameplay wise, Supergiant completely botched this. If you want something that's 90% disappointing and boring and 10% infuriating, Pyre is for you.[edited for clarity]"
76561198019766208,Not Recommended,462770,35201937,Posted: 25 September,all,Mafin Phoenix,I love artstyle and soundtrack. I dont like rites and wery basic RPG system. After I freed first two I just cannot make my self continue.I am sad that this was the game I was wainting for so long. :-/
76561198066718241,Not Recommended,462770,34904151,Posted: 12 September,all,I WANNA DIE 3000,Too much talk not enough action
,Recommended,462770,33793117,Posted: 25 July,all,death_by_doom,"It's Supergiant Games, what did you expect?"
,Recommended,462770,33794403,Posted: 25 July,all,vf,Bae
76561198052099514,Not Recommended,462770,33800158,Posted: 25 July,all,Twitch.tv/Laufmeister,"I simply can't justify a visual novel that has to remind you it's a video-game by saying ""HEY. LOOK. WE HAVE BASKETBALL."" every time you get engaged with the characters."
76561197964370408,Not Recommended,462770,33816483,Posted: 26 July,all,bEN$ON^^,"The visuals are beautiful but that's about it.Game is nothing but a reskinned weird (read bad) soccer game. No real depth, no real cool mechanics. To understand the story you have to read walls of text upon walls of text. I played Bastion and Transistor and liked them both, but this is a huge fail from Supergiant Games.And here I was so hyped for this game, what a huge let down.... Don't recommend unless you like boring soccer games."
,Not Recommended,462770,34038383,Posted: 5 August,all,Merry,"I bought this game due to the history of the studio's previous releases, a pair of games that had been by far some of the most moving, fun, and beautiful games I've ever played. Bastion and Transistor had deep colorful backgrounds told through talented narration, combat mechanics that felt fun and made one think about every situation, and music that fit the setting. I found little of what I enjoyed in the two previous games here, nor anything new that was interesting or moving.While the whole basketball thing was definitely new, the slow pace and limitation on character movement hampered what could have been a fun and interesting section of gameplay. Considering that the bulk of the game rotated around this game mechanic, found myself repelled by the thought of having to play it more than a few times.As in the previous two releases by Supergiant Games, the world in Pyre promised to be large and deeply interesting, with colorful characters and environments. A few minutes into the game, I came across a choice to travel through one of two areas. I made my choice and found that while the game had these interesting areas, you didn't actually get to see any of them, just hear about them.I dunno guys. I love this company but I refuse to prop this game up on a pedestal like Valve fans have with Half-life. A bad game is a bad game."
76561197996481059,Not Recommended,462770,33899849,Posted: 30 July,all,RiceSaki,Not the game I was hoping for. I was hoping for something like Transistor with more Voice acting.You will like or hate. Feels like entirely different game ignoring all past mechanics and story.
,Not Recommended,462770,34028665,Posted: 4 August,all,fjdksleiwoqp,"Decent remake of SpaceJam.Great music, artwork, and semi-interesting storytelling.Laughably terrible AI, horrible collision detection, and repetitive gameplay.EZ win strat: plant a tree, wait for your enemies to run into it and die, then wander over to the pyre and score."
,Not Recommended,462770,33848122,Posted: 27 July,all,gay bobo,Beautiful and boring.
76561198168173672,Not Recommended,462770,33799223,Posted: 25 July,all,Ragnarök,"Great game, too bad I can't play it.Well I regret buying prerelease, first time I done that because I know that this is great studio but oh well...I will request a refund, I might change my review when I can actually play the game.Only thing I can tell is that the music is top quality [from yt] I don't know anything else."
,Recommended,462770,33791268,Posted: 25 July,all,Maui,"From what little I have played of this game, I am already hooked. Beautiful soundtrack and amazing story as always. The art work is unreal, and the core gameplay is addicting as hell. Pick this game up."
76561198030696975,Recommended,462770,33791454,Posted: 25 July,all,BlueFrame,Wow ! Wow ! Wow ! I love type of this game ! 10 / 10 ! perfect
,Not Recommended,462770,34073640,Posted: 6 August,all,UXM266,"The combat is boring, too hard, and i really don't know the best strategies.The learning curve is way to hard.But, the world, music, characters, and visuals are outstanding"
,Not Recommended,462770,33800928,Posted: 25 July,all,สุดหล่อประจำตำบล,เกม กาก ๆก็อป ROV
76561198134548319,Not Recommended,462770,33915493,Posted: 30 July,all,Big Black Cook,"Lol, I prefer the style of transistor. Supergiant game is really bad at imitating multi-branching interaction in gaming. Most interaction from A to B or to C to D to E is really underwhelming and getting tedious after one hour of game play.Most dialogue is not interesting to me at all. The world view layout is pretentious and the creators may think the confusion created is cool but I am really confused by the logic and behaviors of each character(Trying to imitate some sense of dark souls narration but fail terribly because they throw too much unrelated texts unto the game)Even the story I will only say B-tie. Tension is weak in the game. Difficulty is cheesy lol!!(cannot be compared to transistor) Ai is dumb as fxxxxk.The only good thing I am gonna say is the music and art style, but it is not good enough to save the messed up game design and stories.(Forcing you to click throw mass amount of dialogue).Please just do what Transistor did1. Leave mass literature content inside interaction item like the one in transistor2. Please use a normal human-dubbing rather than forcing content into the reading, that is boring and bland. The sound of the male character in Transistor hold half the amazing narration and now why do you throw that away in Pyre???If I give a list of 10-point-scale rateGame mechanic -6decent Music- 8decent Art-8lore and Story -5In general I will only give 6.How disappointing as a fan of Transistor."
76561198044075636,Not Recommended,462770,35365999,Posted: 30 September,all,NOT_JAY_Z,"Repetative gameplay with lots of ""story"" aka reading dialogue/lore. Fun gameplay but not worth repeating to get to the end"
76561198104927692,Not Recommended,462770,33874954,Posted: 29 July,all,WhosYourDaddy,说实话，没有想象中好玩
,Recommended,462770,35397245,Posted: 1 October,all,Rocket_Man,"♥♥♥♥ this, I'm on Blog TV with both hands up I'm NOT starting my ♥♥♥♥ing self, you stupid ♥♥♥♥♥.This righteous justice R.O. ♥♥♥♥ing ****** Donald is doing this♥♥♥♥♥♥ you ♥♥♥♥ing ******* I swear to god, I'm gonna~Yo, everyone type in the chat Donald is A stupid *******"
76561197971315126,Not Recommended,462770,33869480,Posted: 28 July,all,gnomeansgnome,"Beautiful art. Terrible gameplay. Loved the intro up to the point of the combat tutorial. Halfway through that tutorial I thought to myself ""oh crap, is this the main mechanic of the game? please, no, no...oh no..."" Then I got NBA 2K17 and decided to play real basketball..."
76561197984881080,Not Recommended,462770,34257195,Posted: 15 August,all,JBDigriz,"Alright, after playing Pyre for some time here is a brief review.Music, visuals are beautiful.Idea - pretty interesting.Scenario - average.Characters - average(Though unusual races).Gameplay - boring after about 2-3hours(Maybe even faster).The main problem with the game is that its suppose to be interactive story like, but there isn't much dialogue and its very shallow. Also you don't get much of a choice anywhere and the endings are lame.Done"
76561198234308024,Recommended,462770,33792107,Posted: 25 July,all,Rupperrt78,weird and amazing
,Not Recommended,462770,34800393,Posted: 7 September,all,Carlt0n,Lots of talking. Not a lot of gameplay. It's almost a game.
,Not Recommended,462770,33833318,Posted: 27 July,all,Anal Shavings,Magical NBA
,Recommended,462770,33793425,Posted: 25 July,all,Empedocles,From Supergiant Games.
,Not Recommended,462770,34007424,Posted: 3 August,all,Washu,It's just a sports game made to look pretty. Don't bother.
,Not Recommended,462770,33808387,Posted: 26 July,all,PixelCode,"It's a book, not a game"
76561198038996942,Not Recommended,462770,34017777,Posted: 4 August,all,Zyhm'da'Ryhm,"The game will not let you play it. If you buy this, I hope you are ready to sit trough endless dialogue and watching the caravan slowly wobble arround your screen, because you're not getting any other gameplay. It took me half an hour to even get to the tutorial."
,Not Recommended,462770,33794055,Posted: 25 July,all,thisisnudge,"Alright, this will upset some fan boys. Do not freak out, please. To be honest, I wanted to like this game, loving Supergiant for Bastion and a bit for Transistor, but Pyre does not work for me.It is a bad competitive game, if you are into competitive games. If you are mainly into RPG’s, or similar, you may find it interesting or challenging, I think. For a competitive game it just feels cheap and weak like so many similar games. In short: an RPG developer tries a competitive game and fails, with weak UI and weird decisions. It happened before. It is actually more of a 3-v-3 Rocket League (with an orb), as others wrote, but with a weird design choice that you can only control one character at the time, while having 3 on the board. So to speak.To me, who is playing all kind of competitive games, it looks as if competitive gameplay is not their thing. It's boring, frankly speaking, and does not feel balanced and well tested. After having seen the game at conferences, I wondered already if the final game will work. My impression at the confs was that the audiences didn’t get it or were bored. I did hope that they would polish it, or change a few things, so people that are coming straight from Bastion and Transistor do no get too disappointed. I hope it sells okay at least, so it was worth the try (for which kudos to Supergiant).There is a story, but it does not work like in the past games. It feels on top of some competitive gameplay, which happens sometimes in this genre, which they should have avoided, in order to be perhaps more innovative, I think.Pro- art style is nice, not overall, but often enough- sound and music is great, as alwaysContra- combat animations are weak and weird sometimes- weak UI for this game type, like more for RPG than competitive players (complicated)- too many unnecessary text boxes, too many “click to proceed” moments- overall, it is probably a cheap hero competitive game- if you ask me: nothing special, from a competitive gameplay perspective- also linear and a bit inconsequential story gameplay- felt like a Rocket League clone sometimes, but this could be the orb/goal thing ;)There are plenty of better competitive games out there. Wait for sales, if you need it."
,Not Recommended,462770,33961402,Posted: 1 August,all,Warfox,Hipster game for SGG fanboys. Great soundtrack and attention to detail in the art though.
76561198142797689,Not Recommended,462770,33830836,Posted: 27 July,all,"""I‘m fine.""",This game sucks dog♥♥♥♥♥
76561197972135368,Not Recommended,462770,33820152,Posted: 26 July,all,Mr. Bulldops,Boring and Slow. Launched to an immediate black screen that had me trying to trouble shoot for 20 mins. Turns out it can't run in full screen.  Avoid.
76561198047096997,Not Recommended,462770,35214644,Posted: 25 September,all,不咲,It's not in Chinese yet
,Not Recommended,462770,33794027,Posted: 25 July,all,Theagle,"Game looks good, and has fun gameplay. But you have such a downtime in between playing."
76561198260598935,Recommended,462770,33790094,Posted: 25 July,all,CAPTAIN ANTON,"""How to create 10/10 games"" Official Guide by Supergiant Games"
,Not Recommended,462770,33794592,Posted: 25 July,all,SpitefulFox,"Waited over a year for this game.  Pre-ordered it.  Took a day off of work.  Got up early to start the two hour Steam download.  And then... the game crashes at startup.  As far as I can tell, the system requirements shown on the store page are just blatantly dishonest.  If you have a 32-bit OS, steer clear of this game.The day's almost over and everyone else is going on about what a great and awesome game this is while I can't even get it to start.  I guess I should know better than to get on hype trains like this in the future."
,Recommended,462770,33792441,Posted: 25 July,all,Master Miller,"By the gameplay vidoes i didn't like game at first.. that weird basketball looked, well, weird and kinda boring (i don't like sports at all). But in actual game it's fun - you can move only one hero at a time and it requires tactics for team and reaction for solo moving. Artstyle is awesome, music is great. Story probably will be as amazing as always from this developer. Can't see the reason to not buy it."
,Recommended,462770,33792409,Posted: 25 July,all,Devin Williams,"Magical Reverse-Ultimate Frisbee. What is not to like?-Beautiful graphics.-Amazing music and narration.-Easy to learn, hard to master real time tactical gameplay.-Interesting setting and characters.-A good length game (15-20 hours allegedly)I would recommend this game to anyone unless they explicitly don't like real-time strategy games."
,Recommended,462770,33791542,Posted: 25 July,all,GoT_Cursed,"after an hour of playing i found some bugs and launching issues.(♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥i'm outta here)BUT this game actually fine and nice to play. I enjoy this music, and i hope this game tooafter completing this game i add full review for this game.Have fun by throwing a ball into a fire10 ballz out of 10"
,Recommended,462770,33801874,Posted: 25 July,all,Purple Orange A,"Pyre is very different from the previous two ARPGs (Bastion and Transistor) Supergiant did, and even very different from any other game out there. If you don't mind reading a lot of text then it's at least worth trying.great music and art style that SG has been famous for. Korb and Zee why are you guys so consistently good like WTHa lot of text, basically visual novel style. This game focuses a ton on story telling. If you are the type who hardly reads plots and always skip to the battle in other games, this game is not for you. I'm actually not sure if there's even a skip button in this game...i feel like the game wants to form a relation between the player and the teammates. Like how I (as Red) felt about Transistor, but now with not one USB sword but a ton of folks - dog, bird, cow, little bug, and a couple of humans. A very ambitious vision that's still not doing enough magic to me yet, but I like the visionAfter reading for a while, occasionally you would enter a separate arena where combats happen. Its thus more Bastion style (fight in dungeon, rest in the base, but in Pyre you spend a lot more time reading stuff than fighting) than transistors (everything in Cloudbank where plots and combats happen side by side). The story does affect combat tho, as such and such don't want to be on the same team, etc.The game proceeds regardless of the combat result, so if you lose, you dont see an encouraging screen that lets you try again. Life just moves on...which is really cool but takes a bit to get used to. It feels like I don't have full control of the results of the game as I cant regret a decision I just made (like in most VN) or replay the battle I just lost. I'm particularly obsessed with optimal results and design of the playthrough ahead of time, but Pyre doesn't give me that option. i feel very powerless but that's kind of the point and it's something i don't get to feel elsewherethe combat looks very similar to FIFA/NBA indeed where you control a team of 3 but really can only control one at a time, and the goal is hit/throw the ball into their base to hit enough score. Yet each character has its own skills which is like a simplified MOBA (without multiplayer, ofc)While i've never been a fan of sports games of any kind, i find the combat a lot more fun than expected. it's relatively easy to pick up but with great depth because of the variety of characters and masteries. i know devs expressed multiple times that there's no plan for online vs mode I KNOW BUT I WANT IT"
,Recommended,462770,33801858,Posted: 25 July,all,zotoh,"This game has the outstanding visual design, soundtrack, and world we have come to expect from Supergiant. The characters all have their own history and personality for you to discover, so that you care about the results of the matches.The gameplay is very different from nearly any other game, in a strange combination of fantasy action combat and a ball game. Each of your party members has unique abilities and skill trees, ultimately in service of putting a ball in a goal. You can shoot your aura at your opponents to temporarily remove them from the game, leap/fly into the air, or sprint.The game is best played on hard difficulty, as the lower difficulties make it too easy to score. But if you are playing on hard and activate some of the Titan Stars (think Idols from Bastion), the game is definitely a challenge. You not only need quick reaction time and precise control, but also a good strategy that allows you to take the offensive without leaving yourself open.Though the gameplay loop began to get a tiny bit old by the time I reached the final few levels, the story and characters carried the experience so that I was still very invested in the outcome."
,Recommended,462770,33805008,Posted: 26 July,all,soggy bread,"Another great game, beautiful visuals and amazing music as always. Played about 15 hours the first day, couldn't seem to put it down!"
76561198025655096,Recommended,462770,33803089,Posted: 26 July,all,Boxcars,"TL;DR VERSION: The game looks great; there's a lot of story and character info conveyed through text boxes, and the gameplay is weird but it works if you're invested in the plot.THE LONG VERSION:ART:Supergiant's first two games (Bastion and Transistor) had extraordinarily unique visual and musical styles, which are distinct enough to be a trademark. Their style is so strong that I had no doubts that Pyre would meet or exceed expectations in this regard, and I remain appeased. The colorful, optimistic mysticism of Pyre's world might be the best creative playground that Supergiant has produced for themselves so far, and I think they've upped their game not just for the details in the art, but also the animation. For example, there's a book in the game whose text illuminates as you hover the mouse over it. This is one of many, many examples of animated details that weren't necessary, but contribute to how ornately beautiful this game is.STORY:But just because a game looks and sounds good, does not mean you get a pass on story, and this is where I feel Supergiant is limited. I think it's fair to say that their hand-drawn art style limits their ability to engross you in the story, because plot and character information must be done through text boxes. Pyre is a character and story driven game, so be prepared to spend lots of time reading text boxes. I haven't finishe the story, so I can't comment on its quality right now.GAMEPLAY:Initial footage of the gameplay left me scratching my head, because I couldnt' see how you could spin a story out of a game mechanic based on basketball/football/handball. Supergiant does this by developing the characters and story between each ""ritual"", and having a new tone, new stakes, new fighters, new upgrades, new art, and new music in each battle, along with reasons for all those changes.If you are impatient and just want to crack some skulls, you'll find this frustrating in story mode because you need to develop the story between each battle. That said, the battles are very dynamic and can play out very differently depending on what characters you choose and what strategies you use.IMPROVEMENTSI think the gameplay and story were developed in response to complaints about previous games having low replay value and/or being too short. The story addresses the replayability factor by having decision trees that might yield a different experience if you go back and play again. The story also appears to be quite long, since I feel like I'm just scratching the surface in terms of character and story 2.5 hrs in. The third way they've bolstered content is by adding multiplayer for the first time.CONCLUSIONWith Pyre, Supergiant has made another visual and auditory masterpeice, and invented another unusual gameplay mechanic. This game was absolutely worth the wait and $$. I it does well enough to allow them to continue exploring new ideas in the art style and gameplay for many years to come. I'm glad they're trying to up the replay value, because I'll need somethign to do while waiting for their next game to come out!"
,Recommended,462770,33801293,Posted: 25 July,all,GBDA,"Everything about this game is just amazing. I honestly didn't know what to expect, but that's why I pre-ordered it. Supergiant games never fails to amaze me, you can never tell what the game really means and how it's played until you immersed yourself in the world that is Supergiant Games.Now the game itself is an RPG like you never experienced before (as expected of Supergiant). Think of the game as a pop-up story book, where you go through pages of adventures. The gameplay seems confusing at first, but very easy to get the hang of. Another thing about this game, it's beautiful. The graphics and artwork for this game is just absolutely stunning. I heard some complaints about switching from narrative gameplay to action gameplay on and off, but for me it's refreshing.Also what I love about this game is the trademark Supergiant Game features. For example: Skill Challenges, Map navigation, and simplistic character builds. So you won't be disappointed if you liked Transistor and Bastion, because you get to see familiarties. I would recommend this game 10/10, for it's unique gameplay, story, graphics, and just a beautiful execution of the ideas they had. Looking forward to the 2020 game Supergiant!"
76561198150546793,Recommended,462770,33804675,Posted: 26 July,all,Jodariel®,"I played the two SGG's previous games, Transistor and Bastion, all of them are good, have beautiful artstyle and also great music, but I found that after completing the story, there's nothing much to doThen, I came across Pyre, a few days before its release, I love the artsyle (as expected from SGG) and the gameplay seems like it has high replay value, with emphasize on the availabilty of ""Versus Mode"". This mode is what makes the game great for me, as I can play with my friends tooTo be honest, if there's no ""Versus Mode"", I might not buy the game, because only campaign (story mode) will only make the game similiar to the two previous games, which is, it may worth your time before you finish the game, after that, nothing much to do"
76561198000982372,Recommended,462770,33804351,Posted: 26 July,all,Wenck Snow Steiner,"Amazing story with several of hard choices to make, sometimes both options are right, but you still have to choose. I have felt ♥♥♥♥♥♥ more than once.The actual ""fights"" may seem repetitive, however since the characters and their abilites are so diverse it never got boring for me.By the way, you do have to read A LOT, so if you don't like that, this game may not be for you."
76561198013816316,Recommended,462770,33804107,Posted: 26 July,all,BloominNinja,This is the best game since Griff Ball!
,Recommended,462770,33802561,Posted: 25 July,all,catPyre,"Having played for a few hours, 8 as of this review, and reading some other reviews, I want to throw in my two cents as well. I don't write a ton of reviews, but for the most part I only write them if I feel like I have something meaningful to say about the game, so hopefully this also connects with some others.The biggest point I want to get across is the difference between judgement of a game for what it is mechanically versus philosophically. In other words, what is coded into the game versus what the game is. My problem with many of the other reviews is that they ignore the latter, so I will attempt to address both.The primary complaint I understood was that Pyre is sort of a visual novel with an unfulfilling minigame between large sections of heavily broken up text.It is true that a significant portion of the game is reading character dialog or in some cases literal lore from a book. So, if games with a heavy focus on reading isn't your thing, I can understand why that is an offensive aspect especially since I typically don't go for those either. However, within these conversations are hidden something that Supergiant seems to be particularly good at, which is seamless modular storytelling. Their first two titles, Bastion and Transistor did this through narration. As the player progressed through a level, different lines were heard depending on the actions of the player. It is the same here, only instead of narration, it's a conversation between potentially several characters which is pretty cool if you ask me. Plus, one character literally had me laughing out loud. The writing is pretty good.Regarding the more traditional game part of Pyre where you have your characters jump into your opponent's ""goal"": It is certainly not the same format of rpg as the first two titles and I think that caught a lot of people off guard. I see this happen a lot with Nintendo where they seem to try to fix what isn't broken and it ends with a lot of negative press even if the game is good, which in this case I think is true. But as I confirmed with Supergiant's operations manager Michael Ailshie at GDC earlier this year, it's about stagnation. They don't want to make the same game over and over which I think is highly commendable even if I did really like those first games.I think the best word to describe Pyre is 'ambitious'. I say this because I had been feeling like new mechanics, characters, locations, and many other things were being added too quickly to get used to the previous addition and I thought the pacing would suffer if all of a sudden there was a halt to all of the new things. After reaching a major plot point, it seems apparent that I am about half way through the game and the new things haven't even slowed down. If anything, I feel like the game would need to be significantly longer than it already is to spread out all the mechanics in such a way that would feel less abrasive. But to further lengthen this game would be amazing considering its production quality. The development team at Supergiant is nothing short of fantastic.So, now about what I really think.I'm a sucker for good worldbuilding and characters which Pyre has loads of. These along with an engaging story, beautiful art, and great music are more than enough for me to recommend this game.I think the bit where you move the characters is good. I think I like combat closer to Transistor's style more, but the encounters in Pyre have plot relevance and they're by no means bad.I'll put it like this: If you're only going to like this game if it's similar to Supergiant's previous titles, you probably won't like this one; it's different. If you think you'll like this game because Supergiant makes extremely high quality experimental games, you'll probably like it. I want to quote their homepage because it says what I'm trying to say.""We want to make games that spark your imagination like the games you played as a kid.""For this to be possible, they must innovate and try things that haven't been tried before. There aren't many companies like Supergiant anymore so I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,462770,33802957,Posted: 26 July,all,Oro,"I cannot recommend Pyre enough, in all honesty. The music, the story, the characters, the visuals, it all comes together for a beautiful masterpiece of a game that, to me, has surpassed Bastion as Supergiant Games' best game, and has replaced it as one of my top three games of all time. I cannot recommend this game enough, or loud enough."
,Recommended,462770,33802687,Posted: 26 July,all,BrackleKroot,"Man oh man, another Super Giant game. I love both Bastion and Transistor with my whole heart, and was understandably questionable about the 'action' aspect in this game. I don't think I have ever had a game where genuinely I felt like every bad thing happening was entirely my fault, and there is no save reloading to fix it. The amount I ended up caring about the characters was unbelievable for being a 11~ hour game. The game definitely does challenge you in the latter half of the game, and the rush of relief I felt whenever finishing a 'battle' was enough to keep me going all the way through. It takes a special kind of game to make me cry, and this one certainly managed to pull it off. And it's a Super Giant game, the soundtrack is just as incredible as for the other games. Well done Super Giant  games, you can make a hell of a game."
,Recommended,462770,33802895,Posted: 26 July,all,Perks,"Absolutely incredible artwork, atmosphere and gameplay. Another masterpiece by Supergiant Games. For people saying it doesn't match up to Transistor or Bastion, while that might be true for the narrative arc aspect of it -- the fact that studio can be so bold and daring in developing something new and fresh and succeed is evidence of a great legacy."
,Recommended,462770,33802915,Posted: 26 July,all,Will2346,"Can't marry Hedwyn 0/10 (Supergiant pls)Just finished my first playthrough, and I enjoyed it. It's a [rather good] visual novel with games of 3-on-3 basketball.Key points:> As expected from a Supergiant game, it has a lovely aesthetic, soundtrack and narrator.> It's much more like a visual novel than Bastion and Transistor.> The matches are surprisingly fun and deep - however the contrast between this minigame-like mechanic and the rest of it somewhat breaks immersion.> Choices matter. No, really. If you lose, you'll see your opponents prevail. It's oddly refreshing.> Partial voice acting, be prepared to read a bit. Lots of optional lore to read as well."
76561198057874729,Recommended,462770,33800146,Posted: 25 July,all,MEMESLUT,"*Spoiler Free*Are you in a dry spot wanting to play a new game with an amazing story? Pyre is a must have, it is worth every penny i spent on it. Supergiant continues to impress me with superb art assets, and great gameplay mechanics. The only critque I have for the game is that the choices you make in terms of where to go feel like you are constanly flipping a coin to see what happens rather than picking something based on the circumstances. I believe this is an excellent edition to my steam libary and plan to put many hours into this game."
76561198013245759,Recommended,462770,33800428,Posted: 25 July,all,Humanoïde,"Once again, Supergiant doesn't disappoint. One of the most amazing games I got to play in... well, in mounths, but this year was excptionnaly good.Anyway this game is AMAZING. The gameplay is incredibly fun and intuitive, with a surprising depth to it, the world is well-weaven and the characters adorable (granted, you'd better not be averse to reading to enjoy it as there is a lot of it), and the art and music are... Well... They are of Supergiant quality. Nothing more need to be said.I would wholeheartedlly recommend it to basically anyone and, even though I haven't finished it, I strongly suspect that it might end up along my favorite games of all time. It's just incredible. Play it, you ought yourself to do so.Also, you might think that this is not a usenfuf review as it doesn't list the game's forthcoming, but that's because I honestly can't find any. All of it is top-notch. Well.. I guess the lack of online multiplayer might be a disappointment to some, but this is mostly a single-player experience, the local coop mode being simply icing on he cake, so I don't really count it against the game."
,Recommended,462770,33800871,Posted: 25 July,all,Aloye,"This game is just as great as Bastion and Transistor. Is it the best Supergiant games have brought out? Probably not. But the game is still one of the best titles you could grab on steam for it's okay sports game and cool story/lore. Also, great for having friends over to play."
76561198045986284,Recommended,462770,33798475,Posted: 25 July,all,DwarfVader,"Even if the competitive part of the game is rather straight forward and lacks of dephts at times.The very beautiful artdesign, great music, and pretty good writing creates a unique atmosphere well worth playing.All wrapped up in a motivating gameplay loop of decicions, dialog and action."
,Recommended,462770,33811740,Posted: 26 July,all,Ezzyduzzit,I'm really enjoying the story and the gameplay. It's something unique and different.  The gameplay does have a good depth to it.
,Recommended,462770,33810148,Posted: 26 July,all,ATIMD,adequate
,Recommended,462770,33810054,Posted: 26 July,all,Luka,"The game as far as I can tell is very fun, but if you're looking for another Bastion/Transistor it isn't here. There is a lot of dialogue which gives the game a visual novel feeling, and the gameplay itself happens every so often in the campaign. I can't say for multiplayer yet but I feel that it has potential with someone else who enjoys it as well.A lot of negative reviews come from people who expected a similar game to Transistor, or who don't like dialogue/visual novels, but if that is a part of games you like then you will love this game"
76561198170885682,Recommended,462770,33809307,Posted: 26 July,all,ChrisTheOne,"Well, it's Supergiants game so what else I could have expected? 10/10loved it from the beginning but it's getting better and better with every minute.I just hope that in the end, i'll be able to see some of the folks we have freed"
,Recommended,462770,33807795,Posted: 26 July,all,egyptic,"I rate Pyre a 7/10.Most of the aspects of the game are fantastic, which include, the story, soundtrack, visuals, and characters. The largest detraction of Pyre is its core gameplay mechanics. While the gameplay or combat is unique, the core mechanics are dull due to a lack of depth and challenge. Combat strategy rarely changes between battles once you have figured it out, the different enemies and battlefields don't change your strategy much, if at all. For these reasons I don't see any reason to play the multiplayer portion.Overall for the price, Pyre was worth buying and playing for me."
,Recommended,462770,33807308,Posted: 26 July,all,Fantastick,it's pretty good
76561197979948240,Recommended,462770,33805966,Posted: 26 July,all,Sunn brO))),"It's like the Banner Saga except with sportsball instead of tactics. Not very much like other Supergiant games, more open-ended (and a bigger chunk of gameplay that's not as story-driven in the middle). Not really a traditional action RPG but still very good. Writing, soundtrack, art etc. are all very much what you'd expect from Supergiant. A bit out there compared to Bastion and Transistor but I like it."
,Recommended,462770,33803023,Posted: 26 July,all,[funky electronic music],Supergiant continues to deliver the most captivating experiences in the industry.
76561198049120740,Recommended,462770,33803073,Posted: 26 July,all,Fries,Is an all around great game.
76561198009319701,Recommended,462770,33803074,Posted: 26 July,all,sipher27,"Come on and slam, and welcome to the Jam!!!"
,Recommended,462770,33842699,Posted: 27 July,all,welshtroll,"Another Supergiant Games title that delivers a good story, wonderful characters and an awesome soundtrack.This plays very differently to Bastion and Transistor, the game is heavy on the story and will show quite a bit of text, however you can skip over it if you have opted to in the settings. I'd encourage you to read through it the first time.The combat is fast paced, sometimes a little too fast for me to react accordingly (or i'm just getting old). I found the (keyboard) controls weren't always ideal as I'd often get muddled between actions or sometimes which character was in focus.  The game indicates that there is Controller support, however on trying it I found it much harder to perform in rites with a controller than the M&KB, but also the between rite scene took longer to navigate on the controller so I soon abandoned that idea.It could be that the keys are awkard on my keyboard i'm not sure, but I am tempted to see if I can remap the keys to something more intuitive on my next play through.Despite these niggles I still REALLY enjoyed the game and felt that my money was not wasted for the 17 hours the main storyline took.Plus I know that I will be returning to the game in the next few weeks to attempt some other story choices."
,Recommended,462770,33798146,Posted: 25 July,all,maynard gains keenan,"I've just played about an hour and a half of this game and I couldn't stop smiling the entire time. The writing is good, I haven't laughed this much at flavour text in a long time, let alone dialogue. The world is amazingly well realised and rivals the likes of Mieville for originality and imagination. I don't want to spoil anything, but there are story and design concepts I loved within the first 5 minutes of gameplay.The meat of the gameplay is a slick 3 vs 3 ritualised sports game, almost a cross between basketball and rugby, where you control one character at a time whilst the others remain wherever you left them, projecting a defensive aura, which temporariliy banishes opponents when they come into contact with it. Without going too indepth into the mechanics they seem to be elegant and well executed.  I've seen a few classes so far and they are all distinct whilst having a unified set of controls. There are level ups, items, and lots of events.I could not get into Bastion or Transistor but this game has it's hooks in me in a way no other game has in years. I'd highly recommend you take the plunge."
,Recommended,462770,33798362,Posted: 25 July,all,pamplemousse,"The phrase ""From the creators of Bastion and Transistor"" was enough to ensure an automatic purchase for me. Pyre has absolutely lived up to my expectations: lush visuals, incredible music, novel mechanics, and storytelling woven tightly into the game rather than drawing the player up out of it. Cannot wait to see where it goes from here."
76561197999610560,Recommended,462770,33798480,Posted: 25 July,all,Additional Pylons,"Phenomenal art, music, and world building. Innovative 'combat' system (nerd basketball with magic?). Great characters which makes it hard to.... nevermind that's a spoiler."
,Recommended,462770,33795947,Posted: 25 July,all,Conker,Love this game got a Oregon Trail meets turn base Rocket league Werid combo but loads of fun with the best soundtrack of the year.
76561198039430366,Recommended,462770,33798889,Posted: 25 July,all,jolttwolff,"Another great Supergiant game. Again the visuals and music are beautiful, and the story is up to par as well. I always find that their games have solid gameplay, but it gets outshined by just how stunning everything else is, being solid doesn't necessarily hold up. This time around, the game plays more akin to a visual novel, with the core gameplay tying in like a weekly sports game. I personally like the approach, leaving the main focus on the art side of things and keeping the gameplay in small fun chunks that doesn't get outshined over time, but some may find it boring. Overall highly recommend."
76561198012690118,Recommended,462770,33799725,Posted: 25 July,all,Animal I Have Become,Recommended but refunded. Basketball is the core gameplay (a simplified version of it) which is just not engaging to me. An interesting mesh of genres though.+Incredible Art+Amazing Soundtrack+Cool Characters-Trailers and description didn't really admit to its sports like gameplay
76561198091113294,Recommended,462770,33799743,Posted: 25 July,all,TheBourneCorn,Amazing game so far. Feels like a playable painting. Excited for more!
,Recommended,462770,33801388,Posted: 25 July,all,DarkFyre,"Supergiant sort of changed their style with Pyre, as opposed to Bastion and Transistor.  Pyre is a story-centric lore-heavy game that plays a bit like Banner Saga in the sense that you lead your merry band of misfits occasionally making vaguely important decisions interspersed with battles for glory.  It's a bit slow to start as mechanics are introduced and the groundwork of the story is laid out, but once the game really gets going the difficulty ramps up and the story gets more interesting.  With Pyre's greater emphasis on the story and world-building/lore, Pyre plays a bit like a choose-your-own adventure novel with less emphasis on the battles and being a general badass than Supergiant's previous games, though that's not to say the gameplay is at all lacking.  I enjoy the battles though they are a bit difficult to describe, I'd recommend looking up a gameplay video on Youtube to get a sense of how the battles play out if you want to know.  The music as always is top notch, and the art is beautifully done.  A great game, though maybe not for everyone if lore-heavy games aren't your thing."
,Recommended,462770,33801163,Posted: 25 July,all,忘れられた,Omg its everything i wanted an moreIt has an magnificent art style beatiful soundtrack an great character developmentlore is so good gameplay on point an my god i was like aye i beaat it nah son u got more ♥♥♥♥♥ to do boithen my brain was like oooooooooooooo♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is gona consume part of my life 4 a while
,Recommended,462770,33799103,Posted: 25 July,all,chewysouls,"Pyre is an absolutely amazing game. Within it is an intricate story with lovable characters, whose pasts and motives are hidden away for the player to discover. The way in which the narrative is woven with the gameplay will make you never want to stop playing, and the combat is addictive, each character versatile, so what may seem simple becomes strategic, making the player decide which types of characters to use, and what tactics to implement. Aside from the story and combat, the music is really nice. The art is beautiful, and the color design has got to be one of the best I've seen. Through the writing, music, art, and its overall design, Pyre has a tangible atmosphere to it. It's a mesmerizing fantasy world with a variety of breathtaking locations and truly addictive combat. I'm excited to delve further into the story and its characters and would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is even a little bit interested."
76561198046110677,Recommended,462770,33913333,Posted: 30 July,all,pureluck,"While not as strong as Bastion or Transistor, still very fun and addicting."
,Recommended,462770,33913442,Posted: 30 July,all,Skeleton Jazz Wizard,"USELESS BACKSTORYAfter playing through Bastion and Transistor about 4 times apiece, I was stunned and thrilled to see that Supergiant was making another game. I bought Pyre 12 hours before release with the soundtrack and literally sat at my desk waiting for the magical 12pm EST to roll around. After a 15 minute download I played the game for 6 hours straight, having to stop for work and proceeded to on and off play it hours at a time, completly enraptured in the story, characters, gameplay and music.AESTHETICEasily the strongest aspect a Supregiant game, with such an impeccable history from the art team, there were expectations to meet. However, the game itself is on par if not more spectacular than Bastion and Transistor's incredible aesthetic appeal. With a glorious soundtrack by Darren Korb] and once again featuring the lovely Ashley Barrett's voice, each ballad, lilt, theme, and duet is outstanding. The beautiful hand-drawn characters that come to life with individual narratives each more interesting than the last and a vibrant Seuss-like world brought to life by the wonderful Jen Zee, you are immediately absorped into this incredible alternate reality that refuses to let go. Each individual character is totally unique in how they approach eachother, you, and the world around them and they all have their own interactions with other characters that give them a new level of depth, helping you to bond with them as they accompany you throughout your journey.GAMEPLAYImagine an Association Football or NBA game but it's 3v3 and each player is completly different from the other. The tight controls and and fast-paced strategy that the game forces you into will challenge you on a higher difficulty and verily entertain you on the lower. A few annoying hitboxes and one crazy character archetype in particular can be cause for a little frustration, but at the end of the day the game handles nicely and each ""class"" has a specific set of tools that balance ou ver nicely. The diverse cast and addicting nature of the actual game will cause you to come back for another Rite constantly.TL;DRThis is probably my favorite Supergiant Games video game ever released and I would sell my soul and body to this studio to experience for the first time again. Easily the best game I've played in the last 5 years."
76561198022251817,Recommended,462770,33910589,Posted: 30 July,all,Dustpan,A work of beauty
,Recommended,462770,33912369,Posted: 30 July,all,wortnseodeh,"Excellent game for price and enjoyment! I wish studios like this could put out games more often than every few years. Supergiant continues to hit the mark.Part sports game, part visual novel. Transitions from the naritive to the action are seamless. All great story telling.About 10 hours of playtime on first run though.Replay value, so going to play it again."
76561197964221961,Recommended,462770,33912564,Posted: 30 July,all,Saviouress,Welcome to the jam!
,Recommended,462770,33912749,Posted: 30 July,all,Ripi,"Beautiful, great character building, good story, nervous gameplay. Just superb."
,Recommended,462770,33911839,Posted: 30 July,all,Instants,Pyre is my favorite Supergiant game so far.
76561198005435294,Recommended,462770,33909542,Posted: 30 July,all,✈ Dray The Fingerless,"This is one the most beautiful games ever made.It is also very very original. It does things I never expected, most of all its main gameplay mechanics.The use of rituals in the shape of Quidditch/Basketball, mixed in with itemization, leveling, road trips and visual novel style narrative.Very good"
,Recommended,462770,33909543,Posted: 30 July,all,Zetta,"Supergiant is definitely 3 for 3.  Pyre is a refreshing new spin on the Supergiant formula.  Rather than starting with the sound and graphic design and building up, they've made the gameplay the centerpiece this time, and it pays off.  The sound and graphic designs aren't quite as good as Bastion and Transistor, but they are still excellent.  The core gameplay loop in Pyre, however, is phenomenally fun.  I normally can't stand any game associated with the phrase ""gameplay loop"", but Pyre does it very well.  Improving your characters stats and learning more about them inbetween games of rugby-on-crack is a blast."
,Recommended,462770,33909208,Posted: 30 July,all,Shejn Shpitza,"Very well done, as expected from SuperGiant games. Nice music and charming storyline.If you liked both previous games from this indie dev studio i recommend it."
,Recommended,462770,33907280,Posted: 30 July,all,TwistedKestrel,"The game comes in two halves for me, the magic basketball half and the story half. I love the story half - it is the most well developed world in a Supergiant title yet, and all the characters are strong, AND it's backed up by great art and music.However I don't really care for the basketball half and I just sorta slogged through it. I guess it's not that difficult (I am terrible at it, but I only lost 2-3 times unintentionally and I didn't even turn down the difficulty) but I felt like I was always fighting the controls. I guess I will try using a controller on another playthrough, as I used a mouse and keyboard on this one. There are absolutely workable cheese strategies, but doing that only reinforced the impression I wasn't actually enjoying the rites. Once opponents got into the left third of the arena, I could do absolutely nothing to control or repel them. I understand the mechanic of jumping to block something from jumping into your pyre, but I could almost never execute it successfully, or even register that the opponent was jumping.I don't regret buying this game, and I feel like I will be in the minority with my experience in the rites. For the story alone I feel like it was worth it."
,Recommended,462770,33907967,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr. Skeltal,"Awesome game. Lots of story component, which can really  turn off some folks. But the gameplay is awesome. Interesting roster of characters which bring a unique aspect to each game."
76561198376005740,Recommended,462770,33908193,Posted: 30 July,all,imran*****71095,"Pyre is an absoloutely beautiful game and is completely worth the price. The gameplay is fast, fun and exciting and the chose your own adventure elements adds a sense of agency to the narrative. Supergiant games have outdone themselves again."
,Recommended,462770,33908510,Posted: 30 July,all,weerax,"Well, what can I say. I was a little concerned for this one. I loved Bastion, but Transistor didn't quite cut it for me. And Pyre takes on an entirely different.... everything.The graphics are gorgeous, the soundtrack is good, the story is...well, decent.The characters were interesting AND they get development. Heck, even the actual gameplay was fun.Best buy I've done since The Witcher 3."
,Recommended,462770,33913747,Posted: 30 July,all,100% milk chocolate meme,Greatest sports game ever made. 10/10. Hedwyn is best boy.
,Recommended,462770,33818272,Posted: 26 July,all,sansorik :3,neat
76561198044280304,Recommended,462770,33817896,Posted: 26 July,all,a snek,Reading Rainbow meets the Thunderdome.
,Recommended,462770,33817792,Posted: 26 July,all,Spaghet Shark,"10/10, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Phenomenal story, enjoyable gameplay, fantastic music... what else can you ask for?"
,Recommended,462770,33821132,Posted: 26 July,all,ShadeDragon,"Interesting setting, strong sound design and an enjoyable all round game in my opinion."
76561197972953632,Recommended,462770,33817342,Posted: 26 July,all,gtech,There is only one reason you need this game: Ti'zo. The most adorable and interesting character ever. So much about this game is glorious though. I hope to update this review with a full glowing recommendation after I finish it.
76561198157972021,Recommended,462770,33821603,Posted: 26 July,all,Elandar,"One of those ""Single Sitting"" games - great story and gameplay.Essentially, you're playing holy basketball, with the story mixed in (mostly) between the matches.The controls are responsive and the gameplay is fairly fast-paced, though it remains strategic. If something goes wrong, it is pretty much always your fault for not having decent positioning or taking a careless jump, getting a character banished.The one thing about this game bugging me (slightly) is one of your companions (Specifically Pamitha) feels a bit too powerful. As in, equipped with the right skills and trinkets, she could literally take on the entire oppsing team pretty much single handedly.All in all, Pyre is a wonderful game, definitely worth recommending!"
,Recommended,462770,33822105,Posted: 26 July,all,donz,"Supergiant Games keep iterating. They never make the same game twice, but every game they make is worth playing."
76561198128105332,Recommended,462770,33822037,Posted: 26 July,all,Boonskiies,"I thoroughly enjoyed my time playing Pyre. It's a very action/fantasy sport gameplay game, and I personally loved that. While I don't think the game is for everyone, I believe for some people it will become one of their favorite games. This became true for me, as I couldn't stop playing the game, even if I was a little tired of playing it. The handdrawn graphics are fantastic, the soundtrack and audio is amazing, and I enjoyed the plot a lot. The gameplay itself doesn't seem like the game would be campaign based, but it is. That's entirely what it is. It's like if NBA Jam or an NHL game had a load of plot and character interaction with characters you enjoy reading their dialogue. Yes, reading their dialogue, as this game is essentially a text based novel where you play in a sports league of sorts. Wins and losses affect your story, but never have real repurcussions. It's just your story being told. I really think the campaign mixed in with the gameplay turns into a near perfect game, as there is a lot of decision making that is really hard in the game, but in the end, like in other decision based story games, they don't really change the outcome too much. All for your own internal experience. Now, this game is incredibly fun to play with buddies, and they have Local Multiplayer with everything unlocked from the get go. There are 10 character types, each with their own set of moves, and each have mastery trees and a talisman (basically an item slot), which you can limit for your multiplayer experience, or just completely take out. The lack of online multiplayer is really the only thing that was constantly in the back of my mind that bothered me, and if they had online multiplayer, honestly this game would have been a 10 for me,9.6/10. I definitely recommend getting the game, doesn't even need to be on sale. Especially true if you have a buddy that you were looking into some deep local multiplayer game."
76561198036205863,Recommended,462770,33818557,Posted: 26 July,all,NANI?!,"Another masterpiece from Supergiant Games.This game as I'm sure you have seen and heard has amazing artwork along with a stunning soundtrack that reminds me of Bastion. The gameplay itself is simple but strategic. I found that the more I played, the more invested I became in winning the rites or else I'd feel like I'd be letting my allies down. The game kept tugging at my morals with constant choices to be made and allies to please or disappoint.This game is not for everyone, it takes inspiration from games such as the Banner Saga and is somewhat similar to a visual novel. If you are not here for the story then I would advise that this game isn't for you, I would say that the story is a larger chunk of the game than the gameplay itself. I'm unsure of whether or not I'd repeat the campaign but I do wish to change some of the choices I made so I feel like I would return to the game after a year or so try a different path. I'm gonna leave a score here for people who don't wish to know the spoiler ahead.9/10SPOILER AHEAD!The ending was amazing, I was sat for a good 10 minutes trying to decide who to let free one last time, in the end I seflishly chose myself and left behind 3 companions which riddled me with guilt, though the revolution was a success I can't help but feel like the Commonwealth was never the home of my character, but the caravan that he travelled in along with his companions sharing their adventures together was his true home. I'm a little disappointed that they showed what happened to each character who made it to the commonwealth through text but it will do. The song at the end more than made up for it."
76561197972477519,Recommended,462770,33819371,Posted: 26 July,all,Boyos,"Great game play, great characters, great narrator, amazing sound track. Everything you come to expect from Supergiant Games. Home run again with this one. Keep up the amazing work guys."
76561198150878086,Recommended,462770,33819733,Posted: 26 July,all,internben,"Supergiant Games did it again. This is fantastic, both fun and intriguing."
76561198138348229,Recommended,462770,33810730,Posted: 26 July,all,strizzi,Supergiant Games have outdone themselves again
76561198067081169,Recommended,462770,33810621,Posted: 26 July,all,I_Bench_Cows,"TLDR - Amazing art, music and story and fun 3v3 battles - but if you don't like visual novels it is highly unlikely you will enjoy this game.I absolutely love Pyre, but it is very different to Supergiant's other games in that it plays more like a visual novel with an rpg/sport mix battle in between reading sections - called the rites. The rites are a 3v3 battle to get an orb into the opponent's base (pyre) while avoiding them getting the orb into your pyre. The catch is that you only control one player at a time, which sounds off, but actually works very well and fits in with the narrative. Not to spoil too much, but the idea is that the three must be act as one.The visual novel style is a big change from their other games. However, I think the art, music and narrative effectively draw you in to the story so that the rites really feel meaningful. I genuinely want to win these rites for the freedom of my party (friends?) and every time a rite starts I ponder who should take part in this challenge. Should it be X because they are longing for battle, or Y because I feel they really suit the situation. The game is full of small choices like that which can add up to something much bigger and I think it is great.It is worth noting that the rites can actually be quite complex at high level play, and I would recommend putting the AI on hard to really experience some of the nuances of battle! This can lead to some awesome moments of ""holy crap I just did that!"", and frustrating moments of ""Oh boy I just messed up!"" - against easier AI I think these moments might be missed which would be a shame.All in all, I really enjoy this game :)"
,Recommended,462770,33810403,Posted: 26 July,all,Tamblyn,"Only two hours in an I am satisfied with my prepurchase. If the game platues with the quality and experience for the next 4 hours I will be content. Great music, sooo much detail in theart work and in depth characters. I could type out so much more but it is a good game. THe genre would be a mixture of visual novel-concerning the style and choices you make-mixed with a unique ""combat mechanic"" which is almost like a sport. Like basketball on LSD.A fun game filled with humour and story, if you dont mind reading. Again the visual novel aspect. However there is lots to do gameplay wise.recommeneded so far...Will update"
76561198123387512,Recommended,462770,33811017,Posted: 26 July,all,Technonium,"So, Pyre.Pre-purchased this game, waited some time, was excited for July 25th to finally have it.It was 25th, Installed it as soon as I arrived home from work.Following day, ( to the current day I wrote this review, to be more precise ), I gave it a go.Have to admit, the main menu alone gave me good vibes.Story wise, it's good. The game design itself is really good. The actual ""Ritual Showdown"" is fun, easy to learn, not too challenging.So, to sum it up, it gives you a pleasant experience overall. Live an adventure, face challenges, do a little sightseeing.Can't really rate it a 10 out of 10... but it's pretty close, THIS according to my taste in video games."
76561198047470578,Recommended,462770,33811650,Posted: 26 July,all,(e)poq,"I have to say - I never write reviews, but I think Pyre deserved one so I'm going to go ahead and give it a whirl.What can I say about this game?  Honestly, I didn't know what I was going into - my expectations were literally ""From the creators of Bastion"" - which was just a little indie game that I thoroughly enjoyed some years back.This game really has no good comparisons that I can honestly think of.  It is RPG-like in nature in the fact that you build a team of characters that have vastly different playstyles and abilities, and you are able to level them up (5 levels) and choose traits for each level to increase/alter some of their individual abilities.  You also find/buy talismans throughout the game and can equip 1 per character.  Some are worthless, and some are VERY OP in my opinion if leveled up (you can increase the level of the Talismans with Stardust which increases the effectiveness of whatever each talisman does).The basic storyline of the game is you are a group of exiles trying to escape back to the Commonwealth where you were exiled from.  You do this buy winning battles (called Rites) against other groups of exiles.  I don't want to go too deep into it, but it's a decent story for what it is.This is a combat heavy game - and it's pretty fun.  It's basically a ""game"" where you try to burn out the other teams Pyre.   You do this by taking a ball like object in the middle of the map and getting it into their Pyre.  Each team member has different ways of doing this.  You can have 3 people on the map at the same time that you choose before the Rite starts.  Every character has individual strengths and weaknesses attributed to making them good offensive or defensive players.  There are an endless number of combinations that you can try based on the number of characters you have, the talismans you equip to them, and the choices you make in their progression with traits.What I enjoy MOST about the game is the re-playability.  In my first run, the game took me about 4 hours to get through to the ""end"" - but it was not the end at all, in fact, it was just the beginning.  Without ruining the story I will say that each time you finish a run through this game you will lose one of your exiles (returned to the Commonwealth), and then go through it again.  The first run was relatively linear, but from that point on the game opens up and you are able to fly across the map to each objective more or less as you choose.  On the way to each objective you will have choices you can make to forage for items/coin, mentor individual characters to raise experience, or study the Rites to provide individual bonuses to your players for the next Rite.All in all, I had no expectations coming into this game other than I liked the developer - but they blew me away.  I played this until I had to go to sleep last night and I will likely continue again daily for 4-5 hours until I'm ""finished"" with the game.  I see it as having a solid 20-30 hours, which is well worth the price of entry."
,Recommended,462770,33817737,Posted: 26 July,all,Ostric,"Absolutely amazing, been a huge fan of Supergiant ever since Bastion and they continue to deliver."
76561198047184476,Recommended,462770,33843457,Posted: 27 July,all,Concept,Another extremely fun and visually stunning game by SuperGiant. Most of the Pyre is dialog driven so if you're looking for a more fast pace game like Bastion or Transistor then this might not be for you. Graphics and music are top notch just like their last two games and the gameplay of the Rites is great. The Pyre Rites are a cool mix of a sports game slash RPG battle and the story portion plays out like Banner Saga. I would have liked to see deeper player choices in the story but its engaging as is.
,Recommended,462770,33843288,Posted: 27 July,all,Fr3nzy,10 slam dunks out of 10; totally will play again some day.PS. Reader remained till the end.
,Recommended,462770,33798127,Posted: 25 July,all,Mooshire,"Fantastic game. Great story, great gameplay, amazing art with an awesome soundtrack to boot."
,Recommended,462770,33799551,Posted: 25 July,all,JohnPaulGrim,Do not ring the dinner bell.
76561198029420057,Recommended,462770,33799821,Posted: 25 July,all,Spook The Reaper,The game has a unique playstyle i never played before and the soundtrack is of course amazing from supergiant. I have to say the way they introduce the story through highlights is also intriguing
,Recommended,462770,33801126,Posted: 25 July,all,sodaFox,A visual novel where you slam-dunk your way out of purgatory
,Recommended,462770,33801028,Posted: 25 July,all,vaer-k,"Supergiant doing what they do. You like the others, you'll like this."
76561198066360665,Recommended,462770,33800472,Posted: 25 July,all,Todd Coward,"This game didn't meet my expectations, it smashed them to pieces. I was so excited for another supergiant game, especially one that has a more Character driven story. The gameplay is incredible, the story is incredible, the atmosphere, music and art? Incredible. One downside is that the rites are a little samey, but it's a fun mechanic and the adversaries all have their own quirks, making it more bearable."
76561197968247428,Recommended,462770,33802056,Posted: 25 July,all,Cyn,"Stunningly beautiful artwork, fantastic humerous writing, wonderful music, unique gameplay.Supergiant's most recent release is a slight departure from Bastion and Transistor and plays more like what I feel is a cross between FTL and visual novels with a Blitzball or Basketball style combat arena.The story is node based, with every node offering some new story or character dialogue and usually an option on which path to take next on your journey.A colourful cast of varied characters,  both in their personality and arena playstyle, will join you as you progress through this entirely unique, lore-steeped universe.The objective of the game is for your team to become the champions of the Rites in order to regain their freedom from an oppsessive underworld.  You complete this via a 3v3 form of contact basketball, controlling one player at a time.  The combat is fun, fast and frenetic at times, and almost always satisfying.The game is beautifully drawn and animated- every single scene is worthy of being framed and displayed.  The use of colour and contrast and saturation is masterfully done.The writing is humerous and rarely cheesy - all characters feel unique in their personality.The only downside, and perhaps this could be added upon later, is that the only multiplayer is local co-op.  I think that would work well on console - especially the Switch - but on PC it's a bit of a missed opportunity.In summation:  Get it! There is nothing else quite like it."
,Recommended,462770,33826258,Posted: 27 July,all,EBannion,"What can I say about Pyre?It made me laugh, and wonder, and cry, and cry some more.It's beautifully paced, seamless, and gorgeous from beginning to end.It's like Bosch and Klimt illustrated The Yellow Submarine.It's like hockey and basketball had a fast, brutal, and yet still potentially friendly child-sport.And the music. The -music-. Darren Korb deserves a knighthood or a medal or a Nobel prize or something. The music makes me cry, too. Even without the story.Did I mention there were tears?I don't know why you're still reading this. Go play Pyre."
,Recommended,462770,33830513,Posted: 27 July,all,Nav,"A brilliant game.Not much can be said about the story without spoiling aspects of it. However supergiant has exceeded at making characters you care for, and leaves you with bittersweet feelings about the liberation of your friends.The gameplay is tight and responsive. Landing a blow on your opposing pyre feels brilliant after pulling off skillful casts and evasions. The controls are responsive and smooth, leaving the combat feeling extremely polished.The music is one of Darren Korb's best works so far, blending in the perfect amount of Bastion and Transistors styles together, giving you a soundtrack you will diffidently listen to after completing the game.If you are a fan of Bastion and Transistor, you most likely have this game already. However if you haven't, seriously consider giving Pyre a look."
,Recommended,462770,33830247,Posted: 27 July,all,feederguy,"Had Supergiant Games lost its spark in making Pyre? I think even a few stalwart fans of the studio raised eyebrows when the football-like gameplay mechanic was shown. (That's soccer to you Americans.)In this medium-sized review I'll be covering some of the most acclaimed aspects of Supergiant's past games and seeing how they fare in Pyre. All the while highlighting what I personally perceive to be the newfound strengths of their latest work.(+) SoundtrackYet another homerun on the musical scoreboard. I would have thought it near impossible, but Pyre's soundtrack confidently holds a candle to the beautiful tunes of Transistor, featuring ambient string/percussion pieces and a few songs with vocals as well. Of course, Red's humming remains sorely missed...(+) LoreIf you enjoyed unlocking those little bits of lore via the various functions and characters in Transistor, you'll appreciate that Pyre features a massive tome, which grows thicker with pages as the story progresses. You'll slowly learn more about the backstories of the wide cast of characters, the origins of the Rites, the grim histories of the nation of Commonwealth and the barren Downside where the story resides.(+) ArtAbsolutely no complaints here.The character designs are some of the best I've seen. With the same lovingly hand-painted style seen in Bastion and Transistor, breathing personality into the cast of characters, from a dapper mustached dog to a mono-eyed chivalrous serpent knight.There is a nifty change in artistry when it comes to the backgrounds and landscapes. Navigating the Downside is a thoroughly breathtaking and enjoyable affair, with a somewhat medieval-like, hand-drawn flair reminding me ofJotunandThe Banner Saga.(~) Core GameplayBeneath a deceptively simple ruleset of ""get the ball into your opponent's flaming goal-thingy"", lies a good amount of depth, skill and strategy. During rites, you may only control one character out of three at a time, each with their own unique attributes and skill tree. This character is able to run about while the others remain stationary. Besides picking up and shooting the ball, you may cast an aura to banish opponents, after which they will disappear from the field for a set period of time.Using a controller, I was able to pick up the basics quite quickly. Video game veterans will be glad to know that they can readily adjust the game difficulty settings at any time throughout the campaign - the AI at harder difficulties is nothing to be trifled with. While I quite fancied the rites' gameplay, it is indisputably different from the combat gameplay featured in Bastion and Transistor. One must recognise that it may not be for everyone.In between rites, the story unfolds mainly through discourse between characters and with the Reader. You are given the freedom to choose which routes to take, and what dialogue options to pick when conversing with your companions. Quite similar to thePersonaseries in a way, integrating bits of visual novel elements into the core game.(-) Voice ActingSupergiant does favor the strong, silent character trope, as reflected in both past protagonists Red and The Kid, but they have always been harmonised by the presence of other imposing voices - the monotone yet emotional voice within Transistor, or the grizzled narrator Rucks in Bastion.Unfortunately, in Pyre the only voice-acting we get is the grandiose announcer that narrates the Rites. He comes across as a bit of a **** though (even more so than Royce in the Transistor), unabashedly putting down the Reader and his triumvirate. I did not find his commentary to offer much towards the game.Not a single other character in the game speaks legibly, they all mutter in fantasy gibberish. In a game featuring so much well-written dialogue between characters, I personally find this to be a quite the letdown, a forgone opportunity for better story immersion.(-) ProtagonistOn the topic of protagonists, there is a lack of a clear main character. Rather, it is yourself, the faceless ""Reader"", that links this ragtag team of exiles together.In my opinion, this is the greatest deviation of Pyre from its predecessors. No longer do you have the player rooting for Red or The Kid, and a full storyline dedicated to their character's development.With Pyre's sizable roster, emotional investment in the characters is spread more thinly. (Just look at any visual novel, where some character routes are found to be more enjoyable than others.) In a similar vein, you will inevitably find yourself far more vested in some characters in Pyre much more than others, and possibly losing interest in carrying on with the game after they are liberated from exile. (P.S. Nae best girl.)Final Verdict:For me, Pyre still remains a phenomenal game, running in close contention alongside Hollow Knight for my favorite indie game of 2017.However, it may have alienated part of its playerbase with its divergence from action-RPG combat, and adopting a more reading-heavy style of storytelling. That said, if you're even checking out this wordy review right now, you're more than ready to delve into Pyre!Many of us remember Bastion and Transistor for a memorable story. Believe me when I say that Pyre is no different, it just might require a little more effort in reading on your end. I pre-ordered the game and have zero regrets, and I thoroughly recommend any Supergiant fan to give Pyre a shot. For all you know, it might even drag you down the rabbit hole of visual novel games, from which you'll never return :D"
,Recommended,462770,33826255,Posted: 27 July,all,Ser Harold the Great Crusader,"As of writing I have not finished the game, but so far it has been worth the money. I didn't think this game would end where it would at all, and even in late game there's still a few things to discover. It isn't too challenging, but you can amp up the difficulty if you want a serious challenge. And after you get to the end of the game the first time you unlock modifiers that make it more difficult for more rewards.The gameplay and the art style are what make this game so good in my opinion. The environments are beautiful and the gameplay is really unique. Sort of like basketball, but 3v3 and can get really tense and allows plenty of room for unique strategies among other things.If I was to list dislikes, I'd say that this game would be really interesting with online multiplayer, just to try and give the game a longer lifespan and it feels like if they'd developed for another few months they'd be able to have just a little gimmick one going just to get a few more hours from players in.And that the dialogue inbetween segments can sometimes be boring and dull. And the alt right nazi in me felt like he was detecting several moments of left ideas and felt as if the game was trying to relate to SJWs. But that's just a theory...But yeah, this game is excellent. Pick it up before you die.Just one more thing, any of the music that included vocals felt cringeworthy and wasn't very good. Felt kind of preachy, like an American Christian band.Edit: I've finished the game at 11 hours."
,Recommended,462770,33826213,Posted: 27 July,all,Sensei Ganja,Idk dude the gameplay is like good rocket league except it has a good story and cool characters and the game is worth a buy probably. Anyways buy  pyre thanks
,Recommended,462770,33826155,Posted: 27 July,all,Beauty Blender,"A beautifully refreshing game, that some may find jarring.The game takes a bit to getting into, but the more you delve deeper into the world the more enthralling everything becomes. Before i knew it, i found myself attached to almost all the characters i'd come across, thinking myself as part of a family unit. In many ways the game is like picking up a book and becoming lost within it.The actual challenging gameplay mechanic is REALLY fun. I'd never been one for sports, but it's really thrilling to play on the higher difficulty settings. I found myself shouting at the screen on a few occasions!I would highly recommend it to anyone who loves losing themselves in high fantasy literature."
,Recommended,462770,33823471,Posted: 26 July,all,EKH4X,Great game.  Great music as always.
76561198081397060,Recommended,462770,33826018,Posted: 27 July,all,erconn11,"Addicting gameplay, interesting characters, great art and music. This game is worth buying."
,Recommended,462770,33826815,Posted: 27 July,all,Bird,"Not quite like their other games, but this game is still fantastic. Very much worth your time."
76561198022683265,Recommended,462770,33826916,Posted: 27 July,all,Berries,Amazing game with an amazing story. The gameplay is extremely fluid and gives a lot of options for every kind of player.Just make sure the gameplay suits you because you'll be doing a lot of it.
76561198114455125,Recommended,462770,33863623,Posted: 28 July,all,Ø нäi мåяк,"Just as always, Supergiant Games not just made a game with great gameplay, they made a fully art filled masterpiece"
,Recommended,462770,33863278,Posted: 28 July,all,Capen,"Pyre masterfully blends a compelling story with engaging gameplay.The immersive world is enhanced by the colorful cast of diverse characters. The first few hours of the game involve recruiting these characters while learning the ropes of the ""rites,"" a sportlike ritual that forms the majority of the gameplay. Each character has a unique set of abilities during the rites that allow for you to develop your own style of play. The gameplay evolves over the course of the 10-15 hour game, remaining challenging without becoming too difficult. Despite the simple concept, the rites never become repetitive, due in part to the large variety of enemies and settings.Because there is no ""game over,"" your actions during the rites have a genuine impact on the story. It truly feels like you have agency in the game's plot. Regardless of whether you win or lose, the game continues, presenting unique circumstances that culminate in the final arch. The finale capitalizes on the strength of the characters and writing, and relies on your actions throughout the game.I fully recommend Pyre, it feels like a combination of basketball, the Banner Saga, and a Telltale game, and is one of the best games I've played all year."
,Recommended,462770,33847066,Posted: 27 July,all,Awpteamoose,"The game's great. The core mechanic of the rites is not as interesting as Transistor's combat, but Pyre makes up for it with narrative and lore. I enjoyed my time with it greatly, but someone looking just for a mechanical challenge will be disappointed.Outside the rites, the game progresses almost like a beautifully illustrated visual novella, where gameplay decisions, failures and successes end up mattering more than in ""decisions matter"" games like Mass Effect or anything by TellTale. The lore is extremely well written, so much that it's interesting to just read dead text about the world. Unfortunately, most of it is revealed through dead text, but it's still an enjoyable enough aspect of the game that it's worth mentioning.Unfortunately, the AI in rites is neither particularly bright nor fair, so that aspect can become repetitive. For the latter half I was just rushing through the gameplay to progress the story. Mechanically, the rites are interesting, but only when facing human opponents."
,Recommended,462770,33846766,Posted: 27 July,all,Breadn't,"Amazing game. In my opinion, probably the best work Supergiant has done so far. A+ Art, A+ Music, A+ Gameplay, A+ Story, 10/10"
76561198190160178,Recommended,462770,33847668,Posted: 27 July,all,Mad_Alice,"Playing basketball to free yourself and your companions from purgatory brought to you by the creators of Transistor and Bastion, what more is there is ask for?"
76561197991980337,Recommended,462770,33851509,Posted: 28 July,all,Misago,"After Bastion and Transistor, I expected good things from Supergiant Games. So it was with little doubt that I actually preordered Pyre when it was possible to do so. And I can say that I am not disappointed.As expected, the game has an amazing sound, from the music over the snippets of speech we hear. Kudos to Supergiant, by the way, for putting the soundtrack up on their youtube channel for free. I bought the Soundtrack version just to have it available when I want.Another thing to be expected from this developer is a great atmosphere, and Pyre delivers this as well. I felt the world of the setting and grew attached to nearly all of my characters, and even some of the enemies. So when the choices came up... I was in for some pretty difficult decisions. I do wish we could have had some more time to spent with them in the visual-novel-like segments of the game, and maybe have some more influence on their stories...What I am saying is, Supergiant, please allow me to instigate some non-forced-feeling romances. There were several candidates/couples who would have written themselves! On that note, while this might be a small complaint for many, Transistor had some casual LGBT representation. Aside from the gender choice in the beginning, I could not see any instance.As for the rites gameplay, it took some getting used to, and I had a difficult time getting used to some of the playstyles, but I had fun with quite a few. I think the game does an excellent job allowing a lot of different tactics from a deceptively simple set of rules and abilities, and some talismans can change everythingBertrude's personal talisman, hello!The enemy teams stay challenging throughout, and both story and gameplay are set up to encourage experimentation, in a better way than Transistor did.Overall, it's an amazing game that definitely deserves to be played. I will be looking forward to the next Supergiant game."
76561198054897650,Recommended,462770,33846022,Posted: 27 July,all,Marinus,"(Edited for formatting)Not my favorite of SGG games, I don't believe it'll be worth everyone's money and would recommend it sparingly. Given SGG's past success with tidy bundle games of this size, Pyre falls a little short, feeling like the foundation for a great narrative-heavy rpg.Tasty Pyre MomentsIf your goal is to railroad everyone to Liberation, there's not much for you to do.When I played, the challenge I faced was not wanting to give anyone up to Liberation but begrudging letting (certain) opponents through. I was often in a situation of having to let someone go while yelling ""I'm not done with you yet!""In order to resolve the team's personal stories, you need an amount of world map interactions with them and to have them face certain opponents repeatedly. The struggle lies in the limited number of rites/interactions you get before the next Liberation. Not to mention the world map interactions are how you gather resources or train your team outside of rites, sometimes you might value the benefits of the activites over who you're doing the activity with.You also get different results depending on whether or not certain characters are [not]Liberated together.This is further complicated by the fact that battling against certain opponents prompts their banter, but WINNING against them knocks them down and significantly lowers the chance of them reaching Liberation. I found myself planning how to keep down certain teams, encouraging others to success and trying to influence who would meet and when. At times I reluctantly gave up my favorite rite players, people whose stories were unresolved or who may not want Liberation, if the alternative was letting an unrepentant criminal go free.As an aside, voice acting is great, particularly the Wyrms. There are amazing tiny details; messing with people's stuff in the caravan (Ding ding, dinner's ready! Have a drink or two or five?), bashing into other caravans, running over the wildlife with your caravan. Even surround sound variations in wood density? I love it but what are these priorities.Not Tasty Pyre MomentsNone of the social choices felt like they had significant impact. Choices were generally polite with minor status effects for the next Rite.Everyone on your team is unquestioningly loyal and friendly. Including you. The characters are charming, but I do wish they had more morally gray depth, a little more weight on their ulterior motives. It'd make a huge difference if the team was cooperative but needed swaying to become loyal. They don't argue or even compete for who gets Liberation. There's only a few instances of team problems (people who won't play together or against certain opponents) all of which are resolved without effort.It doesn't feel like the team needs to work together to win, in story or gameplay. The rite gameplay is conceptually interesting, but heavily favors the agile who can cross the full field in 1 sec. I'd have liked to see more team ability synergy, or effects of the playing fields. Particularly as each field corresponds to a slain monstrous Titan, and!MAJOR SPOILER!Titan stars reappear.Your first route through the map is linear with insignificant detours, a strict slog and the foundation for your world immersion because as soon as your first cycle is complete you're breezing past it all, literally. Flying gets slapped on you as a matter of practicality, and it's jarring. Previously you haven't seen a single other caravan except at rites, suddenly everyone's flying around and you're very removed from the world you were exploring.Minor Gripes and SuggestionsYour whole deal is having a critical Reading skill that lets you translate what Ye Scribes of Old left behind, special starlight vision, and read people's minds. You don't get creative with it. The player acts as a glorified voice-activated GPS, ""Hey Reader/Siri/Alexa, where's the nearest Slugmart?"" The only ancient cryptic messages you translate are in The Book, for your sole interest or lack thereof. The only thoughts you read are strongly projected at you, and you don't get to act on that information. Top this off with the only other Reader you get to meetVolfredwho's better than you in every way. He can command his team with his thoughts, knows the stars before you do, and plumbs his opponents for info. There's potential for a mentor or rival, especially with his backstory, but he doesn't fulfill either role.Downside is so pretty and friendly, it doesn't feel bad to be there. Your camp is only attacked by wildlife once. Your party never stumbles on the road, someone always magics up transportation, resources or information from nothing. Similar to changes in the playing fields, if the escalating story had parallel changes to Downside/playing field, it'd make surviving there a lot less feasible.Play up the sacrificial pyre aspect, Hedwyn on the pyre looks like he's dying and I wish all the animations for scoring points had something of that. It made me wonder if it hurt to play the Rite, what it felt like in the Banished state, etc. It would add contrast then, if the average person looks like they're strained but a cult witch is loving it.Edit the follow-up reports from the Liberated. It removes a lot of tension/pressure to get a chipper ""Wish you were here!"" vacation postcard from ex-teammates, also making the Commonwealth seem like a really chill place to come back to. Pyre's intro sets up the idea that its been a few years since anyone completed the Liberation rite, in fact your new friends are skeptical it'll work. It is powerful to keep these unknowns, to send someone off and not hear from them. I preferred wondering if the Scribes' ritual was a deception, not knowing if my friends made it back safely or at all. Perhaps if The Voice delivers the report instead, it adds an element of unreliable narrator and brings The Voice up from being a dayjob sports commentator to a mysterious force with real power over the fate of your friends and the world.Caravan souveneirs, love 'em but it'd be better still if a few were added from the player's explorations. Everyone adds something to the caravan except for you. They'd have more sentimental impact and homey-ness as ""You and Your Team's Junk"" in the trunk, especially whenVolfredand!MAJOR SPOILER!Oralechshow up to see the mess you've made."
76561198039234558,Recommended,462770,33846109,Posted: 27 July,all,Raging Snail,"If transistor and bastion from SGG is 10/10 then this one is 8/10. Gameplay is not so exciting as transistor or Bastion, story.. some part of it you just dont buy it, some characters arent very interesting. But overall it's a good game, just not as good as other Supergiant's games."
76561198030713208,Recommended,462770,33846119,Posted: 27 July,all,Baron,"Supergiant, thank you for experimenting.This game has a beautifully realized setting, memorable characters, gripping lore, and unique core gameplay.  In all of these areas, Pyre thrives mostbecause it is different, not in spite of it as many others would have you believe.  Together with Supergiant's trademark mastery of engaging story and music, the game paints a vivid world that comes alive at your fingertips.That said, you must be willing to read - your title is Reader, and the game will make one of you should you decide to play.  You must also be patient - there will be dozens of Rites before you reach the end, so make sure to have fun with them and try many strategies to keep the gameplay fresh.This will never be my favourite game, but it is an unforgettable experience.  May the Scribes bless you on your path to glory, devs."
,Recommended,462770,33913646,Posted: 30 July,all,Evoro,"With an excellent story, reasonably challenging matches, and a well-made progression system, this is well worth a purchase. Sadly, no online versus mode, but the singleplayer more than makes up for it.I give it a ""Best Sportsball Game"" out of 10"
76561198060863894,Recommended,462770,33921454,Posted: 30 July,all,Sagerspook,"Supergiant was one of the earliest non-valve developers I ever got into on PC. In my opinion, this is the perfect culmination of all of their games. This game has interesting characters, fantastic gameplay (basically rugby), amazing music, amazing visuals, and a gripping story. The lore alone is origional enough to keep anyone interested.The game may SEEM like a visual novel at times, but I promise It's not. It's fantastic and the most creatuve thing to ever come out of Supergiant."
76561198045143884,Recommended,462770,33922339,Posted: 31 July,all,hazy,"Nice story. Lots to read. Visuals are nice. Good character development, fleshing out 10 main heroes and also several antagonists who you also will get information on. Kudos to the writers on the names, original fantasy names. Gameplay is good, Unsure if it has a future for multiplayer though."
,Recommended,462770,33922071,Posted: 31 July,all,genny,"If you liked Transistor but wanted a little more variety in your movement, but also like Visual Novel elements like Fire Emblem/Golden Sun, this is the game for you. Stunningly beutifal artwork and engaging worldbuilding, this game is very, very good."
,Recommended,462770,33920891,Posted: 30 July,all,N64Fan,A story-centric game with a rather fun core gameplay system. It can get repetitive at times but is still extremely enjoyable overall.
,Recommended,462770,33921723,Posted: 30 July,all,Tanner Needs Sleep,"Honestly, up until right about now, I thought that I was playing Rocket League.Still pretty good"
76561198014192043,Recommended,462770,33921335,Posted: 30 July,all,SpellSword,Mostly a story based game with a heavy focus on different character's rather than an intricrite plot. combat is pretty good although it's basically rugby with magic.
76561198053421231,Recommended,462770,33919662,Posted: 30 July,all,fishheads24,"Amazing game that lives up to Supergiant's previous games. The gameplay itself is very fun and offers tons of variation. The AI can be pretty smart and offers a good challenge. The game is filled with many difficult decisions that each lead to unique outcomes, which certainly helps the replayability. Music by Darren Korb is amazing, as expected."
,Recommended,462770,33919210,Posted: 30 July,all,anemoneko,"This game is not for everyone. If you're a fan of Bastion and Transistor, don't expect the gameplay to be similar. The combat system is drastically different. There's more reading than there is action. However, if you love the amazing storytelling found in Supergiants' previous games, this does not disappoint! It is very dialogue heavy, the characters are unique, and overall this kind of reminds me of a visual novel (somewhat) but you get to play real time blitzball. Of course, the art and music are amazing like always. If you're looking for a short beautiful story with amazing visuals and sounds, this rpg is for you."
76561198045859277,Recommended,462770,33917839,Posted: 30 July,all,Tillman,"This game is an absolute masterpiece. Supergiant's outdone themselves again. It's nothing like Bastion or Transistor, and that's a great thing. Yes, they were both amazing games, but their differences are what make them special. Don't expect constant action mixed with constant story, that's not how Pyre works.If you've ever played a Fire Emblem game, you know what I mean. Fire Emblem games are made up of 20-30 chapters that consist of one part gameplay, that can be relatively short, and a lot of dialogue before and after the action. The story isn't told during the action, but instead is saved for filling the spaces in between battle sequences. The same can be said for Pyre - it has a number of gameplay sequences that can tend to be fairly short, and story fills the remainder of the game.If I'm gonna be honest, the actual gameplay only really takes up 2-3 hours total game time. My first playthrough took about 12 hours, meaning around 7 of it was just storytelling. For me, that was awesome. I love games where the action is everything, don't get me wrong, but the opposite can make a game just as amazing. I loved inserting myself into the game as the Reader and taking the time to learn about the characters that surrounded me and relied on me throughout the journey. Each one had a unique backstory and personality that defined them and the idea of each race they represented. I felt attached to many of them and was torn when I felt compelled to send my closest friends home, while wanting them to stay with me.However, this was a LOT of dialogue. In previous Supergiant games, story was told vocally over gameplay, but Pyre's story is told almost entirely through dialogue. For me, this wasn't a problem; it was completely worth it to read through everything anyone had to say (you are the Reader, after all), but for anyone who hates reading when they play a game, then this is one to avoid, unfortunately. I recommend taking the time to enjoy this game for what it has to offer and how it is presented, but not every game can appeal to everyone.Some people are just too lazy, after all. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Amazing game. Supergiant did it again."
76561198045116511,Recommended,462770,33915572,Posted: 30 July,all,Swayvil,"Fantastic Art, story, and music like in previous supergiant games. Different and unique gameplay that had plenty of depth and was very enjoyable, but may not be for everyone especially if your're looking for something similar to transistor and bastion's combat. Probably my favorite supergiant game yet."
76561197993376809,Recommended,462770,33899628,Posted: 30 July,all,StitchMySmile,"Not what I expected, and I honestly didn't think I would like it but it is a great game with an engaging storyline. If you are all about story and you like to read this is a game for you. As with all Supergiant games, the music is awesome and in my opinion, the artwork is top notch."
,Recommended,462770,33896196,Posted: 29 July,all,🍌,"I dunno about this one. Nothing like Supergiant's other games. It's 80% visual novel and 20% basketball. Excellent characters and music. Not too satisfying a conclusion, unlike Bastion and Transistor."
,Recommended,462770,33896216,Posted: 29 July,all,Gwydion,"Way more fun than I ever thought I'd have while playing a sports game. Supergiant Games does it again. The story, gameplay, graphics, music and voice acting are all fantastic! Two thumbs way up!"
76561198236049394,Recommended,462770,33881910,Posted: 29 July,all,ivonnangelus,"art and music has been exceptinal and stunning as always, story is quite touching with uique charaters and world building.gameplay wise it's unconventional but fun, not a slash/dash game tho, if that's what you're looking for. definitly worth the perchase, but not a fit for everyone type of game"
,Recommended,462770,33881861,Posted: 29 July,all,ferriruiz3,"The battle system can be to your liking or not, sometimes feels like you're cheesing the AI. That's literally the only flaw.The characters are marvelous, the worldbuilding is spectacular and I cried like a **** in the end. I can't even begin with the music and the artstyle. Highly recommended if you didn't hate either Bastion or Transistor."
76561198035089161,Recommended,462770,33881560,Posted: 29 July,all,sawe,"Most innovative and best crafted game of supergiant yetFirst of all, this isn't bastion nor transistor, this departure abandons combat for an sports-like duel, which demonstrates how good and careful developers are as the system works surprisingly well, practising skills sometimes forgotten by other games.Secondly, the story is much more interactive now, levels aren't always the same, your choices afects your game as much as your skill and you develop real bonds with every character. Also, the spiritual meaning of the rites makes victory or loss much more filosofical than rather practical.One more thing, after 5 hours more or less you may get to a point point where you thing story may have ended.[/b]ACTUALLY GAME'S JUST STARTING.This is not MGSV, I assure you there's much more to do after that.I hope you enjoy it as much as I did"
76561198028418552,Recommended,462770,33878915,Posted: 29 July,all,Puma777,"Absolutely love this game.  Really intersting and unusual gameplay, intriguing story, excellent writing and compelling characters, vivid gorgeous art design, and (per usual with SuperGiant) an awesome soundtrack.  This is such a testament to what small studios can do.  Like many, I would really love if there was online multiplayer because it would be such a fun addition to an excellent game.  But I'm really grateful that the developers focused on what they did because a flatter, plotless game would be far less compelling.  So thanks for the attention to single player and the focus on quality."
76561198359047338,Recommended,462770,33878942,Posted: 29 July,all,Rallynuts555,Absolutley loved every moment of this game
76561198059169942,Recommended,462770,33887078,Posted: 29 July,all,boy next door,!0/10 as always
,Recommended,462770,33890571,Posted: 29 July,all,Aku,"Its different. But thats expected of supergiant games.Just because its different does not make it bad.Like Bastion and Transistor, this game upholds the supergiant legacy for beautiful art and scenery.That is where the similarities end, though. The narrator, unlike the other two games, is always switching. The game has very few spoken lines. Its a read and click game. This is a huge plus for some, and for others (like me) the boringest thing ever.The storyline is complex and full of characters with their own interesting and unique backgrounds.The gameplay is smooth, with few bugs and no locks. I cant say I didnt get bored of this game every once in a while, because its repetitive structure comprised so much of the actual game I dont see alot much too it.End of story.-Pros---Great character development--Rich and beautiful artwork--Smooth mechanics--Choices that affect the ending--Morally inspiring-Cons---Long and boring (at times)--Repetitive--Characters speak their own language that promptly expresses an entire English sentence in a ""kreeeek!"" (except two)All in all, great game, worth the money.Simply one that I would rank behind Bastion and Transistor."
,Recommended,462770,33887993,Posted: 29 July,all,ۛۛ,Very Christ-like story; I enjoyed it. Gives you something to think about in terms of salvation and mercy.
76561198119023479,Recommended,462770,33892900,Posted: 29 July,all,Captain K'nuckles,"I have been waiting for this game for about 2 years now and Supergiant once again delievered a fantastic game. However, I do understand why some people dislike this game. Pyre focuses on the beautiful world and unique characters more than game mechanics, but I think the Rite gameplay is very interesting and gets very intense. I would also  highly recommend this game on its soundtrack alone. All in all great game as expected."
,Recommended,462770,33893990,Posted: 29 July,all,Quawfledyffix,"Unique atmosphere. 10/10 on artwork, music and mechanical gameplay."
10166610266610366,Recommended,462770,33897677,Posted: 29 July,all,vegetable,NBA784164666191824798K17 had a lot of improvements
76561197972266460,Recommended,462770,33897671,Posted: 29 July,all,Twosday,"What a beautiful game. I love SuperGiantGames. They always know just the right soundtrack and tones to make to accompany a unique set of characters in worlds and scenarios that are utterly brilliant and a joy to explore and experience.This game started kind of odd, I initially thought it might be just a sports game wrapped in an RPG coat, but as it progressed it became obvious how important the characters and story actually were, and it hooked me into the fate and future of this amazing cast of characters.I really cant recommend this game enough, when I finished the game I just sat at the end screen in happiness of what I had gone through. That doesnt happen much, and I cant wait to see what their next game might be."
76561197961138874,Not Recommended,462770,33843649,Posted: 27 July,all,Landfishy,Nyeeehhh...I don't have strong feelings for this game one way or the other.
76561197995876457,Recommended,462770,33885764,Posted: 29 July,all,Suricata,"This game definitely deserves to be played, but don't expect anything over the top. It's one of those games that you need to take in, absord, so to say. It's a story trapped in the body of the game. If you don't like the story/visuals, then there's probably nothing that will make the game good in your eyes.Far as I'm concerned, a game can get by on only story and visuals, if it can pull it off. I think all SG games can. They're just good like that.The less you know going in, the better it will be. It really gets intense around 10 hours in (if you aren't a slow reader like me and you gloss over the ""Book"", that could be about 4-5). That's why I urge you to disregard all negative reviews with less than that amount of time spent on it. These guys clearly didn't spend enough time with it.I only took a break to check the game time like 2-3 days in (30 hours) .That should speak volumes as to how enchanting this game can be if you let it."
,Recommended,462770,33886463,Posted: 29 July,all,Blizzard Fowl,"This game is very different than Bastion and Transistor. However, it does not lose the spark of A GODDAMN GOOD GAME. It is essentially a 3v3 game of basketball, with special abilities depending on the roster. Furthermore, each choice you make influences the outcome of the story - from where you go, to what you find. Even losing isn't necessarily a bad thing. Not to mention that, but the music and the artwork is amazing. I'd expect nothing less. If you're a fan of SuperGiant, continue to be, because this work only shows that they have not stopped with their innovations, and have many different routes of inspiration left."
76561198018936218,Recommended,462770,33886751,Posted: 29 July,all,Tactical Craptical,"I absolutly love this game. It is one of the most unique and fun games I have ever played.  The Pyre gameplay mechanics are so great. There is so much depth and strategy. I finished the single player game and have played a little versus but want to play more.The only problem with the game, and it is is a BIG PROBLEM is that there is no online multiplayer for versus.I feel like this is a huge missed opportunity.  The multplayer has the depth and mechanics to make a mark as a great competitive game but only being able to play local multiplayer limits this potential.Supergiants best game to date, hands down."
,Recommended,462770,33883851,Posted: 29 July,all,Cody Cigar,"Pyre is not like Transistor or Bastion at all. It has more in common with a visual novel, with a slick minigame that may seem incredibly easy for most of the game, but as you progress it becomes tougher and more rewarding.You're gonna get the feels, and you're not gonna regret playing this through to the bitter end.Sandra is my bae, and I will fight anyone that disrespects her"
,Recommended,462770,33883852,Posted: 29 July,all,Prominence,"This game is a departure from Supergiant Games' more action-oriented previous titles.  But don't let that stop you from giving it a try.  Although its ""wizard basketball"" action sequences serve as a break from text and not vice versa, both portions of the game are enjoyable and well crafted enough to make it a worthy heir to the Supergiant legacy.Pyre has many positive aspects.  The game is beautiful to behold.  The music is enchanting.  Most of all though, the characters are complicated, flawed, and worthy of love (even the supporting cast is richly detailed).  I found something to appreciate about each of the exiles in my crew and their opponents.Its action segments, the ""wizard basketball"" alluded to earlier, are frenetic and challenging.  I can understand some of the negative perspectives on these segments, as I never really felt the need to employ all three exiles.  Usually I would have one exile carry my team and only rely on the others if I messed up.  And I can see this both as a flaw in the game and as a flaw in my skill as a player.That said, the game is beautiful from start to finish.  I loved it, and I imagine you will too."
,Recommended,462770,33884116,Posted: 29 July,all,Wawe,"Another amazing game from Supergiant Games! If you loved their other games You will love this one. Great soundtrack. Story rich, hard decisions. Combat is fun and challenging."
,Recommended,462770,33886077,Posted: 29 July,all,EctoJyunk,"Firstly I'd like to say if you've liked SGG games in the past, you should definitely give Pyre a go.While it is different from the previous games it still instills the feelings that Bastion and Transistor gave me. With that said the gameplay is very different from the action rpgs they've made thus far, and some people may be put off with the visual novel-esq aspect of storytelling. If you don't mind such things or are willing to give them a go, Pyre will give you an amazing time with it's phenomenal artwork, music and story."
76561198006602673,Recommended,462770,33873679,Posted: 28 July,all,narwhal,"Been a long time fan of Supergiant, and it's great to see them always push something new with their games. They want their games to feel like a game you've never played before, and they definitely achieved that here. However, that may also have led to them making a sports game where the buttons used to play are not exactly intuitive and I still struggled to win matches on easy mode by the end of the game as a person who has played video games their whole life. The story itself, like their other games, makes you think about big picture questions. The gameplay also forces you to make choices that actually are meaningful within the game (unlike Telltale where all choices lead to the same outcome regardless). The game gets a bit text heavy, as Supergiant assumed in a world where the characters can't read, as the player who can all I want are walls of text.Even with its challenges, it's visually and musically gorgeous as one would expect from this company. Definitely an entertaining way to spend 12 hours."
76561198166582702,Recommended,462770,33872274,Posted: 28 July,all,partymarti,Great game! Overall I really enjoyed it. It's beautiful; with a great OST and interesting combat.
,Recommended,462770,33871513,Posted: 28 July,all,Winged Ferrets,"I would die for anyone on the blackwagon. They are all my bestest friends and i love them. Buy this game and you will expirence what i mean. do you want friends? its just 20 heckin dollars, dude."
76561198007054127,Recommended,462770,33871539,Posted: 28 July,all,Dragon of Toran,"This is a classic Super Giant game, the best in my opion You really get the time to sink into this beautifully crafted world and really care about all of the characters of the nightwings and their opponents. The matches engaging and fun with plenty of room to improve your skill. I do feel like a new game plus focusing on some sort fo league play would be nice, but just one play through the campaign was worth every penny."
,Recommended,462770,33871800,Posted: 28 July,all,positivestress,"This game is beautiful!! Everything about it. Supergiant have always had an incredible talent when it comes to music and art and general aesthetic, and with Pyre they've really stepped up their game in terms of story, characters, and gameplay from ""pretty good"" to ""excellent"".The sport-like mechanics of the Rites caught me off guard at first but I quickly found myself saying ""alright, I should probably stop playing... buuuuut maybe I'll do one more Rite."" The characters are all charming and weird and a pleasure to get to know. The story is great and the lore is fascinating. Also, the song that plays over the end credits made me hella emotional. Shame on you, Darren Korb.And I already mentioned this but visually and musically this game is just beautiful, as you would expect from Supergiant. No question, the best game they've produced so far.Play this game!!!!"
,Recommended,462770,33871336,Posted: 28 July,all,Registered Property of HTTL,"This is a modern masterpiece, although I am not that into sport game, but I genuinely had so much fun conducting the rites. Also the story and narration is beyond awesomeness."
,Recommended,462770,33871340,Posted: 28 July,all,tnr,Banner Saga meets Rocket League with a great story and characters!
76561198003392529,Recommended,462770,33874755,Posted: 29 July,all,mpartel,"The gameplay is delightful but takes some getting used to. Difficulty ramps up rather slowly, and you'll easily find tactics that work reliably against the easy version of the AI. It gets pretty challenging by the second half of the game, at least when played on hard. I found the gameplay very compelling and exciting, but tastes will vary and some will undoubtedly be frustrated by it. I wish they introduced their optional difficulty modifiers earlier.The game lets you continue despite failing a match, and the game's difficulty graph seems to be tuned so that you're even expected to occasionally lose, unless you practice a lot. You do have the option to save-scum, but I wouldn't recommend it. Having to accept the consequences of your failures is a powerful motivator, and it led to a kind of story experience I don't recall having in any other game.The music and artwork is beautiful, and the characters are wonderful, funny and relatable. I was thoroughly satisfied."
,Recommended,462770,33871334,Posted: 28 July,all,Yamist,This is the only game where I actually feel bad about beating an old man in physical sports 10/10What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending though compared to bastion and transistor like god damn make a satisfying ending for once ffs
,Recommended,462770,33875915,Posted: 29 July,all,Doc Paine,Another remarkable experience from Supergiant Games. Truly a unique game in style and feel. This game oozes with charm. $20 is well worth it.
76561198126870951,Recommended,462770,33880938,Posted: 29 July,all,alchemistofthestate,"I absolutely love this game! The visuals are great, the story is rich, the soundtrack is amazing, and the game-play can be fast and frenetic at times. The game is definitely different from Bastion and Transistor in that you are really immersed into the story and it's really more akin to a visual novel. This format however, is crucial to telling this story and to developing your bond with these characters. Did I mention the story? It's fantastically executed and does a great job of helping you form emotional attachment to the characters and their stories. The game-play has a big emphasis on picking the right characters for the rite-- otherwise you are gonna get demolished. Speaking of losing a rite- the game doesn't end there. Like life, you move forward and try to do better next time."
,Recommended,462770,33880942,Posted: 29 July,all,mooncrosser,"Simply entertaining - good visuals, interesting story, incredible music. Another excelent Supergiant game."
,Recommended,462770,33885642,Posted: 29 July,all,Squid™,Pyre is an incredible game with rich story and especially well written characters that draw you in effortlessly. As it is custom for Supergiant games it has an amazing artstyle and enjoyable sountrack and maybe one or two story-twists that you were not expecting. Definitely recommended!
76561198027889836,Recommended,462770,33886586,Posted: 29 July,all,Jangles,"Everything about this game is amazing: story, lore, art, gameplay, the characters, and music (especially the music)."
,Recommended,462770,33883176,Posted: 29 July,all,LiquidMonkey,Just play it. its great.
,Recommended,462770,33887214,Posted: 29 July,all,Soma is Batman,"The coolest thing I've played in a very long time.If you're alright with a fair amount of reading, or even better, if you're a fan of visual novels, then this one's for you."
,Recommended,462770,33913222,Posted: 30 July,all,kelzen,"I agree with another review that this games plays like a visual novel. I could not stop playing....Amazing characters, the Rites are so much fun and STRESSFUL! Supergiant does a great job getting you attached to characters, and the soundtrack and visuals are are stunning.10/10 would exile again"
,Recommended,462770,33825023,Posted: 26 July,all,ARCHERPrototype,"Redeem you and your fellow exiles by reenacting Space Jam and dunking on your opponents.Things I digged:Art is very pretty.Music is pretty baller. Feels like somewhere between Transistor and Bastion in terms of genre.Characters are varied and interesting. You really feel a lot of personality from them.Gameplay is actually really fun and at times intense (think basketball but you can temporarily take enemies off the court and you can only have one member of each team move).Things I felt iffy about:Controls are a little wonky due to me being more used to WASD movement, but I got used to it.The RPG elements are a little on the light side, so maybe calling this a ""RPG game"" is a little bit of a stretch. Then again, I'm not a big RPG person, so this wasn't too important to me.Things I want desperately:Supergiant Games, please consider allowing us to play versus mode over the internet. You already have a really interesting and balanced game, I'd love to dunk on my foreign friends!Pyre is an overall satisfactory product that once again demonstrates how amazing Supergiant Games is."
76561198223031680,Recommended,462770,33899901,Posted: 30 July,all,Yopan_pls,"From the very first time I saw pyre's reveal trailer, I was excited for another supergiant game and it turns out to be another great experience, at least for me. Pyre is a very linear, story-driven game where your task is to conduct a rite to free your fellow exiles by playing some mystic basketball as a reader. It's not just a title apparently since most of your time is spend on reading, whether it's the character's dialogue or the book of rite itself, which contains background information of the world that you unlock by doing something (e.g fighting other triumvirates, visiting different lands, etc). If you don't like visual novel, or games with too much reading I don't recommend this game for you. If you also thought that most of the playtime is for playing the sports game I assure you it is not.-GAMEPLAY : the gameplay for the rite (the mystical sports game) itself is pretty simple, control one character, take the ball, dodge the enemy's defense and attack, and plunge yourself into the enemy's flame (or throw the ball into it). If the enemy has the ball, you will have to guard your triumvirate's flame. The RPG element comes in the form of leveling-up and gaining mastery (special perks), however that's it, everytime your character leveled-up they won't get any raise in stat. raising your character status can be done by pursuing vocation, an activity you choose to do in your free time. You can also buy or find talisman, an equippable item to give your character certain effect, like increased movement speed or bigger auras, though for me it barely have any effect at all. What's somewhat annoying is that you can only move one character at a time for every rite, so if you take control of one character the others will only stand still. A strange design, but justified in the game's lore as one of the rite's purpose so it's okay I guess. Just like there ire idols in bastion and limiters in transistor, there are titan stars, which gives your enemy some advantages, increasing the difficulty of the game. However there is no new game+ mode, which means when you play a new game there is no titan star as an added challenge, or your previous progress which makes it kinda annoying since that means you have to complete everything in one playthrough.There is also a versus mode, where you can play against CPU or your friends in a local coop. Sadly there is no online play, so if you want to play this game with your friends, this is something to think about.-MUSIC : For the music, I have nothing to say. From the very moment I heard ""in the flame"" from the trailer I trust that Darren Korb and Ashley Barret will return with another amazing soundtrack, and they do.-GRAPHIC : Simply beautiful, and breathtaking. there's a different types of terrains which you can visit and each of them looks different and feels like something that came out of a fantasy world.-STORY : Now the main meat of the game lies in the story and its diverse cast. Before that, I must admit that the story-telling is a step back from bastion and transistor, with too much reading a la Visual Novel (which I don't mind at all, but some people do). While at first you will meet with three characters who belong in the nightwing, it will only grow from there. As you meet with different character you started to learn more about them and eventually care about everyone as your fellow exiles and friends. The story while linear, sometimes give you choices. The choices may look like it doesn't matter for the story's purpose, but it may matter to your characters and it will affect them in their journey, and that is what pyre is all about, the journey, yours and theirs (the cast). Life is all about choice and their consequences, and pyre wants you to continue with your choices. this game will continue with all your choices, and there is no correct or true path. Even in the rite itself, whether or not you win doesn't matter much, since the story will continue. While playing this game, various thought will come into your head, mostly about wondering whether or not your previous choices is worth it, and even if it is worth winning or losing this match, and all you can do is continuing on with those choices set in stone, since the game is autosaving itself, a clever idea I personally think to force the player to accept their choices. The many choices also makes the game worth to replay if you're curious about the different results, and the game accomodates with giving you many save slot to start a game. Each playthrough will have a little difference from each other, which is why I believe pyre is something you should experience for yourself, after all it is about your journey.TL;DR :-an enjoyable experience, something you should try for yourself-great story with diverse cast, that you care about, and many choices, resulting in many different playthrough-high replayability value-beautiful world with beautiful music to accomodate-a different experience from bastion and transistor, especially in story-telling department-a game designed for an offline single player experience-lacking online play, local versus only-the rite gameplay is enjoyable although a bit strange of a design choice, for only 1 character to move-lack of new game+-80% of your playtime spent on reading (especially if you read the book of rite for the world's lore), those who do not like VN stay awaya solid 10/10 game for me"
,Recommended,462770,33898917,Posted: 30 July,all,ProbyWaN,"There have been a TON of great games this year. This game easily ranks among the best of them. It's so original and full of life. The art/design is so great. The music and sound design is brilliant. Getting to know these awesome characters has been a blast. I can officially say there is a sport I like now :pIf you're not much of a reader, I'm not sure if it'd suit you. But I definitely recommend this game. It's only $20 and there is a ton of fun to be had. Supergiant did it again."
76561198044293132,Recommended,462770,33898676,Posted: 30 July,all,moofin_men,"Bastion is one of my top games of all time and I thorougly enjoyed Transistor so when I saw Supergiant put out a new game I bought it without looking at any trailers or anything. This game is even better than Bastion in my opinion. Its all rather subjective, especially since this game is much more story oriented and honestly not terribly gameplay oriented but that didn't get in the way for me. The art, music, and voicing are all amazing as to be expected from a Supergiant title. I highly recommend this game. It has a handful of flaws certainly, but I was too captivated by the story and characters for them to bother me."
76561198067528017,Recommended,462770,33896224,Posted: 29 July,all,UmbraRevyn,"I should preface this by saying I have not actually played Supergiant games. With that being said, I thought this was a fantastic game. I don't want to give too much away about the game, other that I enjoyed the fact that the decisions you make affect what you know about certain characters, and things like winning and losing are also choices, affecting the outcome of the game and what happens to the characters."
,Recommended,462770,33914412,Posted: 30 July,all,SonMike98,This game is esentially just anime football.
76561198135771881,Recommended,462770,33916733,Posted: 30 July,all,Renzler,"If you loved the story and music of other Supergiant games this is for you,gameplay can be repetitive and slow but its still not bad."
,Recommended,462770,33915891,Posted: 30 July,all,Chucklemaster [B@T],"Supergiant continues to rock♥♥♥♥♥every time they release a game. Pyre is a mystical journey through a fantasy world with the spirit of America at its blazing heart, all wrapped up in occult CRPG basketball. There's nothing like it, and that truly unique experience is what keeps my playing Pyre over and over again. The story is involved and personal like you wouldn't believe, and it makes performing The Rites with your fellow exiles feel that much more magical. Get this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,462770,33917498,Posted: 30 July,all,Attentive Amblypygid,"While Pyre's gameplay differs vastly from Supergiant's previous fare, the spirit remains the same.Those of you who enjoyed Bastion and Transistor will find that Supergiant continues to be a gift to the world of gaming. I have my own hunch that their best work is yet ahead of them; The number of characters and choices in Pyre vastly exceeds those of its predecessors, as do the opportunities for emotional impact on the player.And, as ever, Korb and Zee perfectly tie together the desired atmosphere and bind it into the game.Pyre is a masterpiece. Three for three, Supergiant. May you continue your work for years to come."
,Recommended,462770,33917564,Posted: 30 July,all,Cookies,"ew enough games really know how to tell a story. Most games have some writing mixed in with  Pyre does. It tells a tale of loss and laughter, of love and sacrifice. It's a sweeping epic tale with heroes and villains and sometimes it's hard to tell which is which. It's a story full of song and soul, painted with vivid scenes and and sometimes subdued shades. And all the little details come together, because unlike many stories, it has a proper end.It's a beautiful story which is well worth your time, if you like stories.As a game? 3/5. As an experience? It's not too long and is a wonderful story in a beautiful world."
76561198178936735,Recommended,462770,33917817,Posted: 30 July,all,riatsuthecphynx,"Anyone that likes a good will be pleased by this through ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic extent... not kidding! Although most characters appears first to be the classical JRPG/anime stereotype turns out to be much more than what they appear. I see a lot of reviews actually disliked the gameplay aspect, which is, indeed, the game's weakest aspect. In my case I actually liked ""star-ball"" in many regards. I thought it was fun, yet challenging (to some extent, many gamers will find it surely too easy because the ai is not so bright). Last things... the visual, the music, all is poetic and gorgeous from A to Z. Buy the soundtrack that comes along with it cause oh boy is it a rollwecoaster of emotionsTL;DR If you're more of a Story > Gameplay type of person, go for it. No regrets."
76561198057368483,Recommended,462770,33917939,Posted: 30 July,all,Crowne Prince,"Every game Supergiant makes is unique with great art and great music. Pyre continues that legacy.The game lets you press forward to the end, even if you fail, which is wonderful. I highly recommend playing right through and accepting whatever outcomes you may get, especially since there is no Steam achievement or in-game-reward for a perfect score!The one thing we're all missing is a true VS mode so we can challenge each other online."
,Recommended,462770,33917341,Posted: 30 July,all,FaceTheCitizen,This game made me cry. 10/10.
,Recommended,462770,33924829,Posted: 31 July,all,Zekail,"Just Like Transistor, and Bastion before it. Supergiant Games has made something wonderful.From the art style to the music and story this game is beautiful and captivating.It was clearly designed with a controller in mind however, as the kb/m control setup is extremely weird.Holding left mouse to move, space to swap character and W...yes W to jump is so extremely jarring,and goes against years and years of muscle memory and common controls for games from similar perspectives.However I still recommend this game fully."
76561198150257277,Recommended,462770,33921489,Posted: 30 July,all,Upodly,"What a great jurney it was.Beutiful soundtrack, great graphics. great story, supergiant games at their finest!"
,Recommended,462770,33927077,Posted: 31 July,all,heroh // esportstickets.gg,"TL;DR: If you love games with a rich story and artstyle, buy it right now. If you prefer games for the gameplay, maybe this is not for you, but it's still very worth it to give it a short.When I first started playing Pyre, I was excited for it being a Supergiant Games title, but was a bit skeptical about it. The trailers had hyped me a bit, but even if I loved the artstyle and the music, I didn't believe the gameplay would be all that interesting.After playing for a couple hours I was still confused, because the game had little of actual combat and lots of dialogue and rather linear interactions. Fortunately, the story and characters are very well done and interesting, so I kept pushing forward.When you hit the ~6th hour of game, there's a turning point in the story. You discover lots of new things, new gameplay content and features, and that's when the game really starts to shine. You begin to understand what's happenning in the world, and you start treasuring and caring for your companions considerably more than before. At this point I fully accepted the fact that the game was a Visual Novel with a combat twist, and having this in my mind made me love Pyre even more. That's where the whole Pyre experience becomes very rich, the amazing soundtrack blending with the beautiful artstyle and story, everything just fits together brilliantly.If you care for actual scoring, here's a humble opinion of mineArtstyle: 10/10Soundtrack: 10/10Story: 8.5/10Characters: 8.5/10Gameplay: 7/10 (higher if you accept this is a Visual Novel, which is something very different from previous Supergiant titles)"
76561198400819590,Recommended,462770,33926958,Posted: 31 July,all,KindaAmazing,"9.0/10This review is for those that have seen gameplay and want an opinion, I'm not going to break it down like some YouTube reviews do.This is a niche game. If you don't like Telltale games, you won't like this. The story and characters are great. The story alone is immersive and your choices make a deep impact. AS always with Supergiant, the art style and music is top-tier. Like, actually phenomenal.The gameplay itself? Suprisingly fun and balanced. Your lineup for each Rite really does impact your strategy. Each encounter is different, with both your lineup and the enemy's vastly changing. The arena itself adds a bit of flavor to each Rite. Your losses MATTER just as much as your wins. My only gripe is the lack of online multiplayer.I pre-ordered this game for 17.99 and it was worth every cent, period. I would've paid 17.99 for the 2.5 hours I've currently played.Don't compare this to either Transistor or Bastion, as all three are vastly different titles, this being the most outlandish one. However, if you want something a little different with another amazing soundtrack and wallpaper-porn art, I'd highly recommend this to you."
76561198040368350,Recommended,462770,33929590,Posted: 31 July,all,The King,"It is a decent game, not great but pretty easy and fun."
,Recommended,462770,33882542,Posted: 29 July,all,A Cowboy Killer,"This game was everything I anticipated it would have and could have been.  Supergiant delivers yet another stunningly intricate combination of story, aesthetic, and mechanical prowess that surpassed my expectations.  The AI provides for a solid challenge even at standard difficulty, leaving a good amount of room for technical mastery.  I HIGHLY recommend this game to any one seeking a great experience.My only request would be a DLC that includes competative online multiplayer.  Maybe with selectable characters / masteries / talismans?"
76561198016335227,Recommended,462770,33880835,Posted: 29 July,all,dr_judym,"There are two games here. One of them is PyreBall, which is a sort of fantasy spin on 3 vs. 3 basketball: which is quick, hectic, and tactical. The other part is CYOA roleplaying: talking with characters, planning your journey, and travelling. What brings all these aspects together is a pure, child-like sense of amazement, and the sheer joy of wandering around and discovery, rather than going towards a certain destination. This weird, beautiful, and amazing world will remind you of when you read Narnia, Earthsea, or watched Spirited Away for the first time. This is the best game by SuperGiant so far, and a labor of love."
,Recommended,462770,33880615,Posted: 29 July,all,August,This is probs my first review and honestly I could say that pyre as a standalone game is amazing.I know that this game is not for everyone but please don't compare this game to transistor and bastion since they are entirely different in a lot of aspects like gameplay but yeah so far I am once again in love with ssg's creation
76561198014289925,Recommended,462770,33894066,Posted: 29 July,all,patfeerick,I love it!
76561198005903887,Recommended,462770,33887953,Posted: 29 July,all,The Comedian,"Pyre might not be the best game by Supergiant to date, but it is very inspired and enjoyable that I can absolutely recommend it.The gameplay is split between travelling across the vast expanse of the Downside and conducting sacred rites in order to eventually earn the freedom of your party members. The former is very heavy on reading between character dialogue and lore, so be warned, if it's not your thing. The cast is very diverse (in a good way) and full of intriguing and likeable characters in your crew and in rival triumvirates as well. Most of the choices you make in this part result in getting stat bonuses, money, experience, though once in a while you do get pleasant surprises and quite unique interactions.The rites are kinda like magical basketball. There is a number of characters, and you can only pick 3 for any given match. Each bring something new to the table, their own set of skills, tactics, and synergies. Also, each arena plays a bit differently. At some point the rites do get a bit stale, but then the game introduces titan stars (think idols from Bastion and limiters from Transistor) and feats of glory which add some challenge for bigger rewards. Though, no matter the difficulty, the AI struggles to handle some scenarios and can be exploited because of that.Now, though the choices in the travelling part are usually quite trivial, the same can't be said about those in trials. Once in a while you'll be taking part in liberation rites, that allow the winner to send one of their characters back home from their otherwise permanent exile. Not only you'll have to face conundrums like ""I really like this guy and he deserves to go home, but he is too valuable for my team"", but sometimes you'll be tempted to throw matches in order to redeem your rival, at the expense of your own mates. Sometimes you'll get to know your rivals better after the liberation rite you won and regret that you didn't let them win instead. And it's quite sad, because the chance to face them twice in the liberation rites is low, if not zero. I feel It's relevant to mention here, no matter your choices, the ending leaves no questions about the characters unanswered, no matter what you'll get a satisfying and conclusive finale.Now, the game looks fantastic, as do other games by SGG. The characters boast great visual design, it is perfectly implemented, the world and arenas look superb. The music seemed to me a bit weaker than in Bastion in Transistor (though it's entirely subjective and the game still has memorable tracks), but there are a couple of great ideas that work really well in the game and easily redeem this shortcoming. Remember how you could hum in Transistor, which added more dynamic to music, even if it was a simple gimmick? Well, here they really doubled down of this idea of making music more dynamic. Not only each team has their own themes, they are all layered, and during the match you'll hear a different variation during the dialogue, while controlling the ball, and near the enemy pyre with the ball. There is a theme for liberation rites, and it has its own spin (both in terms of music and vocals) depending on your opponent. Hесk, you get your own personal ending/credits song depending on the outcome of the story. Just how cool is that?!So yeah, you see it what I'm getting at. It's a great game. Totally worth the asking price, as far as I'm concerned."
76561197981313570,Recommended,462770,33924407,Posted: 31 July,all,dilavni,"Wonderful game, I loved it. Works great in linux."
,Recommended,462770,33917360,Posted: 30 July,all,Rejaku,"It took a good while for me to warm up to those sports like rites you have to play through, but once I did, I just couldn't stop playing till the credits were rolling. If you have any like at all for visual novels as well, then this is a beautiful package.There's essential two parts to the game which alternate back and forth. Those being about 70% visual novel, and 30% sports game.As such, be aware that there's a lot of reading involved. So those that are expecting this one to be like the previous games of the same studio, mixing narrative development and gameplay together, might want to steer clear."
,Recommended,462770,33918185,Posted: 30 July,all,Coloneljesus [CH],"Supergiant Games' track record is absolutely amazing with them delivering another stunning game.  Fantastic visuals, joyful animations, enjoyable characters with depth and progression, lore to discover and meaningful choices all along the way.And of course, the soundtrack is once again amazing!"
,Recommended,462770,33930369,Posted: 31 July,all,Blessing,"If you're anything like me, you will enjoy this game... a lotPyre is one of the best visual novel with gameplay I have played throughout my life. It takes a fair amount of reading (not as much as some of the japanese VNs) and can certainly be challenging at some points, not only in the rites, but also the choices you make.Pros:+Breathtaking visuals. This is a work of art. The downside is colorful yet can still portray the grim feeling of being trapped there.+Amazing music and sounds. They work perfectly to evoke your emotions as you progress in the rites, making your experience immersive.+Simple yet deep gameplay. 3 v 3 fantasy basketball might be simple, but there are a high skill ceiling to master.+The story and choices. Wow. This is the peak of supergiant games imo.Cons:- No online multiplayer. Lacking in the online multiplayer kind of negates the high skill ceiling this game provides. If you're expecting to compete in online mode, you're out of luck. There is local multiplayer though.10/10 as far as games go."
76561198023226302,Recommended,462770,33952968,Posted: 1 August,all,Maz,"Nice little sports game with a visual novel by its side. The characters are quite deep. Story is ok. The fighting (a ball game) is addictive and fun. Soundtrack is amazing, Darren Korb's best so far! Game: 7.5/10, Soundtrack 9.5/10"
76561197970397350,Recommended,462770,34047257,Posted: 5 August,all,T-Strijker,"After player for almost 20 hours I can fouge for this game that it is very good. Has a game developer I can tell that this game was not made to make only a buck but was made with a lot effort, skill and love to very high standard. Something we don't see enough unfortunately in this industry. So shut you get this game? Well it is not for every body. Like what every body is saying. It has a lot of text to read trough and the game play my look like sport game. But if you can get through the all the text and tried couple of matches you will find a dynamic story where you will find that you have lot off control over the out come the path and outcome of the story. And you will find that there a lot of ways of winning (or losing) matches."
,Recommended,462770,34047015,Posted: 5 August,all,Jimm Wheatthin,"Great story, beautiful art, and surprisingly good soundtrack for someone who normally doesn't love video game soundtracks. My only complaint is that it ended so quickly."
,Recommended,462770,33961456,Posted: 1 August,all,Quelex (Ghosting),"Another solid game from Supergiant. The gameplay is fun, the music is good, and the art is great. Biggest downside is there is no New Game Plus option.Expect 10-20 hours depending on how quick you go through it.Also the multiplayer versus mode is local only (no pvp servers) so keep that in mind if it's a deal breaker."
,Recommended,462770,33913692,Posted: 30 July,all,MediocreZone,"Bastion and Transistor are my favourite games ever, and honestly Pyre is just very disappointing.The biggest flaw of Pyre compared to Supergiant's last two endevours is that the story is straight up told to you. You're this lifeless character who has no other purpose but moving the story along. Characters will talk to you, but they're really just telling you information in a pretty boring way.The gameplay is just as shallow as the story, trying to be strategic but ultimately failing. The game tries to introduce new characters, some that move fast and some that move full into this Pyreball sport but the lack of depth in the gameplay makes it so it's best to avoid slower characters in battle and instead just use quicker character and carrying the ball into the pyre almost immediately. It's not fun after a while as even on the highest difficulty the same strategy will win you every battle without a worry.Pyre is a disappointing effort from Supergiant and I hope their next game goes back to intertwining gameplay with story.EDIT: After getting further into the story, the game is a lot more enjoyable. You start to have to make decisions for your crewlike when Tamitha asks you to lose the liberation rite. The gameplay still feels so distant from the story though, and that's really a shame. I would only recommend this game if you aren't looking for something like Bastion and Transistor. If you are look somewhere else as Pyre is not that.EDIT 2: After finishing the game, I found that using optional difficulty settings the game has become quite difficult and has made strategy in the battles needed. Bigger units are given a use at this point of the game and that helps it feels a lot more diverse.Final statements: Pyre is the worst game by Supergiant. Is it bad? No. Is it great? No. What Pyre is is a well fleshed out sports game (towards the end of the campaign) that features a decent story that is told in an uninteresting and disconnected way from the gameplay. If you're a fan of visual novels I suspect that this game is for you. If you're not, pick it up when it's on sale in a few months."
76561197985392731,Recommended,462770,33968080,Posted: 2 August,all,coreyjs55,Fantastic
76561198112432594,Recommended,462770,33970269,Posted: 2 August,all,Kokleekio,"Pyre created a very memorable experience for me, as all the other SG games did. After finishing it, I can clearly recall very fond memories of the journey from start to finish, as well as memories of my companions. This is exactly what I'm looking for in single player games - creating a pleasant and memorable experience. For this reason alone, I can recommand Pyre to anyone who is looking for the same thing.However, there is one thing I disliked quite a lot - the way in which the story is told. In Bastion and Transistor, there is a narator who tells you the most important things which you need to understad the overall story. There was something to read but it was optional. The narration didn't break the flow of the game. I felt like the narration in Pyre was worse.There is A LOT to read and not all the text is essential for the overall story. You get to read about individual characters, the locations, about your oponents, how everybody feels, etc. There is a lot of flavor text mixed with text which is actually quite important to understand the story. Meanwhile, the 'combat' is actually quite action based. That created this wierd contrast of action based combat and slow pased dialog.I definitely prefered the narration in Bastion and Transistor, so if that is what you are looking for, this might not be a game for you."
,Recommended,462770,33970517,Posted: 2 August,all,Kikouille Master,"There's nothing in this game I don't like, which qualifies for a 10/10.The story and the characters are interesting, the gameplay is nice and innovative (at least I don't remember playing a match of magic basketball before), and the graphics and music are fantastic as usual.I highly recommend this amazing game!"
,Recommended,462770,33972307,Posted: 2 August,all,SupaShooter647,"If if you don't want a long explanation here you go: If you're looking for an interesting single-player game, this is it. Buy it.Pyre is the first game I've ever played that was from Supergiant. I've heard of their wonderful reputation, and was always interested by their other games, but never pulled the trigger on buying one. I'm glad I finally decided to try one, because Pyre has been an amazing experience so far. Their are many decision to make that don't have extreme consequences, but more or less tailor what your experiences during the game (whether your choice is between items, buffs, or mustaches). The game is full of beautiful art, outstanding music, wonderful story-telling, and great characters. The only thing I say that the game has as a negative is the control scheme, but I switched to a controller to fix that problem (it also has remappable controls so no biggy). The gameplay experience is really fun, but I found myself wanting to be in the ""Rites"" (the basketballesque sections) more than the choose your path sections. Eventually, you'll be able to side-step those path sections, and the game opens up more as an adventure. I'd give the game 9/10."
,Recommended,462770,33975707,Posted: 2 August,all,Mambo No. 5,yeaus
76561198049282275,Recommended,462770,33976147,Posted: 2 August,all,Thorbjorn42gbf,Holy god yes!
,Recommended,462770,33868923,Posted: 28 July,all,Incendi,"Don't go in expecting more of the same; instead enjoy the game for what it is.There are a lot mixed feelings about Pyre, you can see it just by looking at the steam reviews. I wanted to say that the likely reason for this is because Pyre is very different from Bastion or Transistor. Many Supergiant fans were likely eagerly awaiting Pyre, hoping for a game akin to its predecessors. Instead, they found a completely different game, with completely different (frankly opposite) game mechanics and core features. This is what has caused the conflicting opinions of the game.I may also say that the way the story is displayed in Pyre is very different from what you would expect; there is A LOT of reading and text involved, and much of the lore of the world is also contained behind text, albeit optional. If you do not like reading or a story driven through text rather than through cutscenes and narrative, I would advise against buying Pyre.Pros and Cons:Pros:+ Absolutely stunning visuals which do a great job of describing the nature of the area you're in.+ An amazing soundtrack (my favourite from Supergiant thus far), which is beautifully intertwined with the visuals and gameplay.+ Very compelling, individually interesting characters (and there are a lot of them).+ A diverse world which reacts to the choices you make, as oppose to the rather linear worlds of Bastion and Transistor+ Unique, ""sportslike"" gameplay called Rites, which have a huge depth and skill ceiling.+ Access to ""Titan Stars"" which can make the gameplay considerably harder by introducing setbacks to your own team.+ Incredible attention to detail. Dialogue will change slightly depending on previous events; when listening to the OST on the lute, the songs change to fit being played on a lute; the Blackwagon is updated with little trinkets and souvenirs as you progress; the shopkeeper is an annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who constantly groans, aggravating you while you try to read the descriptions of his items (don't worry though you can tell him to shut up and he will) - I could go on forever.+ No Game Over. The game will continue to play even if you experience defeat, and future outcomes and events will be influenced by your success in the Rites.+ A versus mode, which allows the player to further explore the Rites and it's mechanics against CPU's of various difficulty levels.Cons:- No online play, and Supergiant have no plans to integrate it either. With the gameplay having so much depth and strategy, an online versus mode would frankly be amazing.- The difficulty pacing is bad. For about the first quarter of the game, the Titan Stars I mentioned before are not available, and the Rites are relatively easy at the start of the game. This means that the gameplay at the start is relatively easy, then all of a sudden the Titan Stars become available, you select Yslach Astral-Born and you get absolutely destroyed.- No NG+. Since the gameworld is so diverse and there are tonnes of choices to make, Pyre screams replayability. However, replaying the game with no NG+ would be tedious.But do I like it? ♥♥♥♥ yes. Despite having adored the works of art which were Bastion and Transistor, and being a long time fan of Supergiant since Bastion's release, Pyre is my favourite Supergiant release to date (by a fair amount). The gameworld is superb, the concept is wonderful and well-executed and the audio and visuals live up to the Supergiant standard (and go beyond in my opinion)."
,Recommended,462770,33982508,Posted: 2 August,all,Death By Butter Knife,Jeeeeez. This game gotted me right in my feels. Iz good kek.
76561198012817538,Recommended,462770,33981545,Posted: 2 August,all,elevensapka,"A piece of art that You must experience to understand why!Pyre has a soul!When You finish the game, it is like finishing Your favourite TV show.You start it again, because can not tolerate the pain of the void,no episodes, it is over, but You want more.You will start Pyre again, after finishing!!!What else needed?!"
76561198056902770,Recommended,462770,33978475,Posted: 2 August,all,Lios,I cannot put into words how good this game is...Oh the characters... Oh the story... Oh the art... Oh the music...Oh...
76561198062910181,Recommended,462770,34119875,Posted: 9 August,all,Heptium,"Reminds me of those choose your adventure books I read as a child, but only this one is really good."
76561198049693420,Recommended,462770,34105445,Posted: 8 August,all,Marty,"Supergiant succeeds yet again to make another wonderful and unique game. While originally, I didn't know if the ""sports"" gameplay would appeal to me, I ended up loving everything in this game. It is beautiful, the soundtrack is amazing, the characters are all adorable in their own ways, and I even liked the Rites trials. The use of skill trees and the different maps and characters allowed for a lot of strategy during the Rites. While this game might not be for everyone, I loved it."
76561198015446423,Recommended,462770,34109853,Posted: 8 August,all,d_r,great game
,Recommended,462770,34110473,Posted: 8 August,all,Macintosh,"With capturing stories (and music, of course), supergiants does great games. Pyre isn't an exception."
76561198027845400,Recommended,462770,34113792,Posted: 8 August,all,Shuffleblade,"A really great game, its narrative and its characters are superp.The gameplay is fun but gets a bit tedious and same-y for the second half of it.Worth the buy just for the music though, its amazing."
,Recommended,462770,34129872,Posted: 9 August,all,Mr.Charisma,Great characters. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,462770,34131092,Posted: 9 August,all,Damukag,"Few games even attempt to weave gameplay and story together as Pyre does, much less accomplish it so resoundingly. It's an experience that could only ever be a videogame, with both the choices you make and your performance as a player coming together to shape a conclusion that will be uniquely yours.The music is phenomenal, the gameplay itself is tactical and fast paced, but the true worth of Pyre lies in the narrative and how you experience it alongside each of the fascinating characters you meet."
,Recommended,462770,34130762,Posted: 9 August,all,Seblines,"Supergiant Games sure doesn't dissapoint.The goal in Pyre is to get a ball into the oponents fire and to deal as much damage as possible. You have a number of exiles at your disposal, who must be liberated through rites.As Supergiant's previous games, Pyre has a fantastic art style and soundtrack, much like Transistor and Bastion had too. It should be noted that the art style in this game is still fundamentally different from previous games. On top of this, the game runs extremely smooth on older hardware despite many particle effect and high definition imagery.Like Transistor, Pyre offers you limiters of sorts to increase the difficulty of the game and to give you more experience quicker. With these, you can incrementally increase the difficulty by giving opponents advantages before each match.The storyline is wonderful and there is extensive attention to detail. All-in-all, the game took me more than 12 hours to complete, altough the game can be completed quicker if you ignore the lore, which does spoil the fun a bit and can make the game a bit more confusing. Speaking of lore, there is quite a bit of it, which involves quite a bit of reading to get the full picture, although the game can be played with a minimal understanding of what happens and why it does.You battle against computer guided opponents in multiple areana-esque locations, with the goal of liberating exiles. The controls took a bit of getting used to, as the primary mode of engagement is through point-and-click instead of the WASD keys.There is also a versus mode (which i frankly havent tried yet) in which you can set up a single match against a CPU opponent.The game's campaign seems to have some degree of replayability, although it would only be for the encounters with other teams instead of for the story, which seems to be largely consistent and independant of choices made.Would I suggest Pyre? Certainly. Should you buy it now? That depends. Pyre is definitly on par with Supergiant's previous games, so if you are familiar with their style, it is a must buy. Even if you havent played their games before, I would still reccomend it, although if you dont enjoy Indie games you might not enjoy this either.TL;drPros:- Great graphcs- Fantastic Performance- Mesmerising Music- Great story, characters & Gameplay- Ability to adjust difficulty incrementally.Cons:- Controls take some getting used to.- Reading lore might not be to everybody's taste"
76561198027064289,Recommended,462770,34122488,Posted: 9 August,all,qelmas,"Fantastic music and artwork, well written story and lovable characters. Another great game from Supergiant."
76561198352933081,Recommended,462770,34139487,Posted: 9 August,all,Elchupe,"Great art, music, story, characters and gameplay when it occurs.If you don't mind a bit of reading, i strongly encourage anyone to try this game out, it will stay with you.It is unlike any game i have played before, and left me feeling all the emotions come endgame.When i did finish the game at 2:00 AM, i went to bed and contemplated my decisions while having Pyre musicin my head, and it kept me up til 5:00 AM.I have had ''Bound together'' and ''Never to retern'' in my head for the past week, why do you do this to meSuperGiant.I am currently on my second playthrough and enjoying it just as much as the first, and making more wiser decisionsAt the time of this review, about 300 people are playing Pyre, it needs to be more."
76561198047868578,Recommended,462770,34141663,Posted: 10 August,all,jcbvickers,"Wow this truly was an amazing experinece.  The characters are all so well written and you actually feel like you are right there with them.  Nobody will experience this game the same way as I did, the choices actually matter.  Please buy this because these guys make great games and this is no exception."
,Recommended,462770,34119496,Posted: 9 August,all,Zettai,Another great game from SuperGiant Games! I have enjoyed the game from the start!!
76561198040124998,Recommended,462770,34139962,Posted: 9 August,all,Captain_Tightpants,"Amazing visuals, great music, good story, overall a worthy addition to Supergiant Games' portfolio. People complain about the ""sportsball"" that is central to the game, however if you give it a chance it is very enjoyable, especially when playing against friends. A lot of care and work went into the game and the only problem I have with is is that the ending wasn't as satisfying because of the limiting factor of the sheer amount of variation available depending on how well (or poorly) you perform and your decisions."
76561198005278852,Recommended,462770,34144048,Posted: 10 August,all,[OMC]One Man Clan,"This game is a visual novel.Don't get me wrong it's a very beautiful and decently written visual novel, (Your mileage may vary depending on how genre savvy you are.) but the religious sportsball aspect of the game is kind of window dressing. The story goes on whether you win or lose the matches and while it IS a decent storythe game will end in pretty much the same way regardless of how many matches you win. The only major differences being character epilogues.tl;dr It's a visual novel. If you like visual novels get it. If you wanted something with more meaty gameplay, give it a miss."
76561198068982092,Recommended,462770,33834813,Posted: 27 July,all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"It's like Banner Saga but instead of fighting, you play basketball.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ok, I finished the game and it was great. The characters feel so genuine and relatable. They truly feel like peoples you meet and not only plot devices. Also, the story takes you into a mysterious world which is amazing to discover and learn about. It keeps you worried up untill the end because you are never certain to achieve the end goal. The epilogue was also amazing and very satisfying both for the parts you did and did not achieve. So if you don't mind having your story delivered into a visual novel, this is definitely worth your time.On top of that, there is the gameplay during the Rites. Surprisingly unique and very interesting. It did get hard as the story went on but losing a few ones isn't too punishing. Some Rites were a little tedious but it was very fun overall. I'm really looking forward to the PvP potential of this."
,Recommended,462770,33978447,Posted: 2 August,all,Shepherd v1.101,"Okay.... so this is the third game I bought from Supergiant Games. Is it worth it? Every penny. But to be fair, I would like to give more details to my decision making:First of all. This is not a fighting game like the last to in a wider sense. If you want to pin me down, it feels like a mixture of a turn based strategy game (cause you can only move one character at a time) and - LO AND BEHOLD - Super Mario Strikers (Yes, the Nintendo WII soccer game). First I was a little irritated, but it really grew to me (especially because of the characters and story arc).Pros and Cons are as followed:- Story starts pretty slow (but it gets a lot better)- The interface feels somewhat clunky. You often have the time that the animations could have been done in half of the time. I want to emphasize: This does not mean the big story heavy animations or ""cut scenes"", I mean little stuff like swapping between pages in the book when you want to read it in ""inspect"" mode or the travel animations at the beginning.- I would have loved to see a couple of minutes in the ""Commonwealth"" and the ""Plan"". Just a glimpse to what was on the outside.± I really liked the Talisman system but to be honest the buyable Talismans somewhat lacked a little creativity.+ VERY RICH CHARACTERS+ REALLY GOOD STORY+ Nice game mechanics. The pyre games feel fluid and pretty well balanced.+ The music and the animation are stunning, but it's a Supergiant Game after all, so no surprise here (@Supergiant Team: THIS IS A BIG COMPLIMENT, PLEASE DON'T GET ME WRONG AND THROW ME INTO THE DOWNSIDE)Over all, I loved the game and surprisingly it is the first of the 3 games (Bastion, Transistor, Pyre) where I managed to get 100% achievements.Looking forwards to another of your games. Cheers!"
,Recommended,462770,33978337,Posted: 2 August,all,StreetWalkaa,"The gameplay is definitely a bit weird but kinda fun! Interesting Characters and the VAs, though small in numbers, were great.All in all pretty good game"
,Recommended,462770,33976803,Posted: 2 August,all,Naomasa11,"I probably shouldn't review this game being only 1.5 hours in, but I can't help it.  After playing through Bastion and Transistor, I know what I expect from Supergiant Games and as far as I can tell, they've pulled off a hat trick with this game.I love the combat system.  It's simple enough to grasp easily and not distract from the otherwise fast-paced action during battles, but unique enough that it stands out as positive innovation.  I can't believe that the combat system is glorified magical basketball, but that's really what this is and it'sso much fun.The art, the music, the voice acting, the world--all given great care and attention as you'd expect from Supergiant Games.You're not buying gameplay hours with your $20, you're buying a truly unique and entertaining experience.  Again, I can't speak to how long the actual storyline is as I haven't finished it as of writing this, but the amount of love and care and detail put into this game demands respect and is well worth the price tag already.Unlike previous offerings, however, their is no central narrator, but rather your party moves the story forward through conversations and decisions made.  This isn't groundbreaking, but it's a step away from previous offerings like Bastion and Transistor.  There are still narrated parts in a sense, and all the voice acting is great (even if most characters speak a fake language, it sounds real and beautiful).  Additionally, there's a multiplayer option!  I haven't managed to use it yet because none of my friends have this game (they're bad friends, just like you if you haven't bought this yet).  However, I love how Supergiant Games offerings all feel like their games, but we still see them trying new things and changing up their formula.If you've played Bastion or Transistor, you probably liked it.  So you'll probably like this.  If you haven't played those games, stop reading and pick up one of these games!Also, the soundtrack is fire as always.  The soundtrack edition isalwaysthe right choice from this developer.  Darren Korb is becoming one of my favorite musicians/composers."
,Recommended,462770,33978103,Posted: 2 August,all,Divalti,"Maybe I have a bias since I really did enjoy Bastion and Transistor, but I think Supergiant did a great job with Pyre. I found the sports-esque combat fun and, while challenging, not difficult on the standard difficulty. RPG's are also a good amount of fun, and I really do have an interest in the characters of Pyre, be them ally or enemy, and mixes things up with important choices that can change gameplay in different ways. It's a way different beast than the other Supergiant games, but it was fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,462770,34089178,Posted: 7 August,all,Ryry,"Amazing game, it's so different from anything I've ever played before. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys RPG's with a great soundtrack as well as those who enjoy a fast pace combat system."
,Recommended,462770,34089811,Posted: 7 August,all,Raso,"Just awesome, incredible story, music and gameplay. Everyone should give Super Giant Games their money. 1000/10"
,Recommended,462770,34087599,Posted: 7 August,all,Capybard,"Perhapts the best Supergiant game, which is saying something. The story is incredible, particularly the characters which are the best the devs have ever done, the gameplay is fun and very customizable, so players of all skill-levels and styles should feels right at home and of course, there's that trademark art and music and Supergiant Games is known for.A masterpiece."
,Recommended,462770,34079628,Posted: 7 August,all,metadept,"Pyre was an amazing experience for me. The game spends a long time unfolding its setting, story and mechanics, but the beauty of its world (visuals, music, writing, etc.) made me enjoy every moment I spent in it. I grew deeply attached to the characters, both friends and enemies. I loved learning more about the history, geography, and mythology of the world. Perhaps more than anything, Pyre told me a story that felt like it was uniquely mine, and made all of my choices and actions feel important to the larger narrative. The amount of love that has gone into this game is immediately palpable and every detail contributes to a rich, engaging whole.If you like beautiful writing, relatable characters, stunning landscapes, epic mythology, clever gameplay and a wonderfully atmospheric soundtrack, I highly recommend Pyre."
,Recommended,462770,34094042,Posted: 7 August,all,haha beace cx,"This was one of the best games I've played. Amazing story, hard choices, and well-designed gameplay all added to a fantastic experience. Absolutely recommend playing this."
,Recommended,462770,34094824,Posted: 7 August,all,Multiwinner,"I'll keep it short. To me, this game is nothing short of a masterpiece. However, it is not for everyone. The gameplay by itself is not enough to carry the whole game, but the narrative and the characters are so interesting and I grew so attached to them I just couldn't stop playing, because I wanted to experience the great interactions between them and the way you shape the story through your decisions, actions and performance during the gameplay.My advice? Buy it. If, after playing for nearly two hours you realise you don't give a flying excrement about the characters and find the story uninteresting, refund it because the rites themselves are frankly NOT worth the money.If, as I did, you get attached to the characters and are intrigued by how the story develops, keep on playing. It'll only get better."
,Recommended,462770,34092415,Posted: 7 August,all,Ashblade,"This game is very special, and one that few games that move me in the way it does. Now let's get out of the way first, the sports game rites that you go through are a huge part of the game and can detract from the story due to how weird it is, but it is still fun gameplay despite that, but its not for everyone.The part that gets me with this game though? The story. I absolutely adore Pyre's story. I haven't been gut punched in Pyre emotionally since playing Undertale.Every character on your team is unique and fun to play and interact with and wonderfully characterized. I found myself rooting for all of them on the Nightwings team.This is without a doubt my favorite SuperGiantGames game to date, and I hope they continue to knock it out of the park. If you don't more or like the sports aspect of the rites, play this game. It's worth the ride."
76561197964366195,Recommended,462770,34092343,Posted: 7 August,all,Azera,"As with their previous two games, Supergiant delivers an amazing new world with stunning visuals, sublime sound and a story that will overwhelm you with emotion. As with all of the other reviews I will offer the warning that some people will not care for this game because it is very dialogue heavy. The gameplay alternates between interactive dialogue sessions and a team-based 3v3 arena battle. Because of the choices you make, any given playthrough will be slightly different. However, regardless of if you win or lose a specific challenge the story will continue. The end result is that you feel like you’re shaping your own story and making important choices that will impact the fate of your characters.As a final note: you would have to have a heart of stone to listen to the wonderful vocals by Darren Korb and Ashley Barret without tearing up a bit. The credit music, especially, is a one-two combo of catharsis and an emotional gut punch. With an amazing bit of technical wizardry and clever song writing, the lyrics will change slightly based on the outcomes for each character."
76561198027175022,Recommended,462770,34095356,Posted: 7 August,all,TehPryceIsRight,"I usually leave long reviews that go into detail with the pros and cons of the games I have completed. I choose not to do that with Pyre. Mostly because there are nearly no cons I can find with the game. Supergiant Games has produced another amazing game and proves that they might be able to do no wrong. I will include pros and the one con, but just buy the game. Buy the game, buy the soundtrack. Support Supergiant Games, the company that makes games that are basically art. The company that makes real games and don't charge for DLC and microtransactions. Support this behavior. Support them in making yet another masterpiece.Pros:+Amazing soundtrack+Unique and ever changing gameplay+Best story and characters since maybe ever+Amazing art style and voice acting+So many different endings and ways to play (losing actually becomes a very viable decision)Con:-In my 12.3 hour play time I felt the middle section maybe went on too long, but that was a fleeting thought"
,Recommended,462770,34105804,Posted: 8 August,all,Kadaju,"Supergiant Games did it AGAIN! Pyre marks the third classic game they have created for the world to enjoy. Everything about this game is perfect: the music, the original graphics, original story, original gameplay, original characters. Though I have not completely finished the game yet, I already consider it a masterpiece. 10/10!!"
,Recommended,462770,34067421,Posted: 6 August,all,xci,"This game is wonderful, but definitely wasn't what I expected (albeit in a good way!).Transistor is probably my favorite single player game of all time, and this is definitely a departure from that. It is, as others have mentioned, more along the lines of Frozen Cortex, with a core of tactical sports gameplay. I personally really enjoy that aspect of it! It's simple, but satisfying.Everything around that is lovely -- the art, the soundtrack, the story, characters and their interactions.Definitely a game you should take on its own terms, and a departure from Super Giant's other work, but very much worth playing."
,Recommended,462770,34067423,Posted: 6 August,all,Carnivore Angel,"A story worth experiencing, sublimely written and extremely reactive to your decisions - but buy it as a visual novel, not as the party-based RPG it's advertsied as.  There's nothing /wrong/ with the actual gameplay, but it's not the game's main pull, and for me, at least, it was just an accessory tacked on to the brilliant characters."
,Recommended,462770,34071220,Posted: 6 August,all,[S.C.] Rookie McGee,"The market has needed a magical basketball simulator with smug treants for a long time, and now, we have it.10/10"
76561198018351517,Recommended,462770,33834232,Posted: 27 July,all,Zola,"Aestethics are the best. Music is marvelous.The story and world, beautiful.Gameplay might not be for everyone. But it's very original. Personnaly I find it fun.And you can still level your characters and equip items that can be upgraded.Turns out I lost interest mid way and installed bastion. Having much more fun with bastion."
,Recommended,462770,34052028,Posted: 5 August,all,[IBC] Mc Klumpfisk,"I don't even know where to begin with this game.Supergiant have done it again. I adored Bastion and Transistor, but this one is my new favourite from their hand. Having just finished the campaign, clocking in around 12 hours (in one sitting mind you), I can say that the pacing is quite good. If you like the 'combat' in this game, then I'd encourage you to buy it. The story is phenomenal.The 'combat':This is about half of the time you'll be spending with the game's campaign. It's a kind of sports-like combat system, where you are trying to extinquish an enemy's Pyre (flame). The only way to do this is to carry or shoot a ball-like object into said Pyre. Once you've dealt enough damage to the Pyre, you win. The matches are always 3v3. However, there are different characters you unlock along the way. They all have different abilities and ways to play them. Some are high speed, but low damage, whereas others are high damage but low speed and such. I'd recomend you watch TotalBiscuit's video on the game to see it in action, as it's quite hard to explain the system in text form.Overall I can end off with the combat system being a weird mix between simple and complex at the same time. I like it a lot.Seeing as I don't want to spoil anything in this review, I'm not going to say anything else about the story. It's good. One thing to note, however, is that it is largely text based now and not narrated as in other Supergiant games. It's a lot of text as well, so be prepared to read if you want the lore of the world and the story as a whole. Some parts are still narrated, such as the matches, which have a sports-like commentator narrating them.And last but not least, the soundtrack. I mean, what is there to say. It's a Supergiant game, what do you expect. It's great. Same level as Transistor or Bastion, whose soundtracks I adored, if not better.TLDR:This game is worth your time and money if you think the combat system looks interesting and you aren't afraid to read quite a lot of text."
76561198047008909,Recommended,462770,34075088,Posted: 6 August,all,Motrax,"Another absolutely brilliant title by Supergiant! This is easily one of the select few games that I would personally classify as a masterpiece!My only criticism is the lack of an online versus mode, but considering the fact that this is an indie product it is excusable (though it still doesn't prevent me from endlessly fantasizing about it in vain ;_;)."
,Recommended,462770,33793835,Posted: 25 July,all,Ray,"As expected the gameplay loop, Music and artistic style are as good as if not better than Transistor..if you haven't played Tansistor before, I don't know what are you doing with your life !PC version is smooth as butterI play it with controller, but you can definitely play it with mouse and keybord no problemthe game has some reading because people speak in a ""foreign"" language with subtitlehowever it has a narrator like Bastion and Darkets Dungeon when you go into the Rites ( which is the gameplay loop part of the game) Rites are basically a 3 v 3 handball, American Football and REAL football mixed with magic its so unique and so much fun.also it has RPG elements where you upgrade your party of 3 and new party members join your team.other reviews say that the game is between 9-15 hr longworth the 20$ imo."
,Recommended,462770,34076436,Posted: 7 August,all,Skehmatics,"Supergiant put all the things that make their games great into the spotlight and it is just breathtakingPlus, just like all their previous works, *perfect* GNU/Linux support"
,Recommended,462770,34072537,Posted: 6 August,all,Pointy-Bitz,"This is Super Giant's third game and they've done it again. For an Indie studio that made 3 games, they maker better quality stuff than some AAA studios can muster *cough* Ubisoft *cough*. Pyre mixes a story driven RPG with an almost sporty type of gamestyle that involves utilizing teams of 3 to douse the enemies pyre by sending an orb i.e basketball/soccerball into the pyre. It includes everything you'd expect from a Super Giant Game; amazing artwork, music, and atmosphere. It consists of plenty of characters that are interesing and have lots variables and outcomes of how you end up making your choices in the story. I found myself loving every moment and learning the mythos and backstory of the world and intereacting with the characters, reminiscing of how I felt when I played Mass Effect or Final Fantasy. For 20 dollars this game is a steal for what you're getting."
76561197965441625,Recommended,462770,34082267,Posted: 7 August,all,AxeBeard_GoldCrotch,"Great game. Art and music are excellent, and the characters are well developed."
,Recommended,462770,34096029,Posted: 7 August,all,catburger1,first video game ending that made me cry
,Recommended,462770,34098859,Posted: 8 August,all,Inferno,"A truly unique and emotionally compelling game that tugs at your heartstrings even as you make choices that shape the story. With an interesting and surprisingly deep ""Rite"" system as its main form of real gameplay (which works well on keyboard and mouse in spite of my initial reservations) and pages upon pages of well thought-out writing and compelling lore that entices you to lose yourself in the world, in addition to a compelling cast of characters, this is easily one of the best games I've played this year. (Soundtrack is incredible as well)Bravo Supergiant, Bravo."
76561198079647282,Recommended,462770,34030986,Posted: 4 August,all,Lelouch,"As Supergiant Games always do, this game excels in a rich story, beautiful art and amazing music. The Rites are a very funny and interesting sport, by which the story is driven. There are a lot of choices that can modify the outcome!"
,Recommended,462770,34036550,Posted: 5 August,all,RaLF,"""A quest toward freedom while chatting with your companian and play fantasy 3v3 ball game.""My thought :- The story is good then It get more and more emotional.- Make me feel bad winning some of the fight.- And I like how they told the story in differents way like item description, conversation, tales, music.- Tons of reading. Like a visual novel. Some may not like it.- The arts! These gorgeous arts!- Soundtracks? This is suppergiant's game, of course it's wonderful.- Characters with unique personality. Some are lovely some are just d***.- The more you love, the more you hurt.- The rites are fun and can be challenging with many ways to adjust it to your liking.- It's the same 'get the ball and score' but varieties of characther, skill, item make you have to adjust your stategy constantly.- AI are kinda dumb at first, later on they got moves.- Who would have thought passing the ball to the enemy will be a good stategy?- No online multiplayer, only local.// Certainly one of my favorite game now.// Will load the save and play the last rite again just to listen to the credit's song."
76561198399399474,Recommended,462770,34037276,Posted: 5 August,all,nickdaco,"I love this game so much, it has everything I love about supergiant games and more. This is a must buy for any Supergiant fan!!!"
76561198108984481,Recommended,462770,34034685,Posted: 5 August,all,nikonxv,Amazing as usual
,Recommended,462770,34042155,Posted: 5 August,all,Arn,"If you like friends and lore, buy."
,Recommended,462770,34041053,Posted: 5 August,all,TealPage,"It's hard to talk about Pyre without somehow detracting from the wonder of it. I would absolutely reccomend it though. The story is fantastic and actually really does make your choices matter, both to the plot and in gameplay.The gameplay itself is fun and engagin, often forcing you into positions where your old strategy needs to be changed up or completely tossed out the window.And the soundtrack is absolutely fantastic, as someone might expect at this point from Supergiant."
,Recommended,462770,34049966,Posted: 5 August,all,OutragingCat,"Such a fantastic game, great soundtrack, really fun gameplay, great story and characters and a really beautiful artstyle! I really haven't played a game like it before with such unique and different gameplay and story.Only downside I could see is there being quite a bit of reading, but if you are down for that then I would highly reccomend this game <3"
,Recommended,462770,34011433,Posted: 4 August,all,Communist Dad,"So I bought this game thinking it would be something unique, I trust the developers of this game; they have yet to make a game I have not enjoyed immensly.Pyre exceeded every expectations.The game has 3 pillars which in my opinion make the game great.1. The Story,The narative immerses you in a world unlike any you have seen, which some loose inspirations for Alice in Wonderland & Dune, full of beautifuly designed creatures and lands to explore. The story itselves draws you in with its mysterious world it presents you with; only to captivate you with a breaktaking story that will keep you engaged untill you finish the game.2. The Gameplay,While most of the game takes the form off an RPG, the real gameplay meat lies in the ""Rites"" you must perform throughout the game. Essentially, its a magical sports game where your goal is to jump into the enemy teams bonfire. While as confusing as that may sound it is the biggest breath of fresh air I have played in a long time. There is really nothing else like it. Every character you meet behaves differently with unique abilities and atributes that make them stand out. Its definetly something I look forward to trying with my mates, as the game does support local multiplayer.3. The Characters,Usually I don't care much for charcters in video games, if throwing princess peach into a volcano meant I could unlock a bonus level you bet I would. This game caused me actual stress when I faced with decisions that would impact the fate of my new friends I made traveling the world, and there is nothing else like it. It says something about a game and the characters that preside in it when my personal favorite character is an orb.I cannot reccomend this game enough for anyone intrest in games, excellent stories, or just a unique experience. This is easily one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198003213507,Recommended,462770,34006031,Posted: 3 August,all,CuttableSoup,"Everyone's comparing this to Bastion and Transistor, but I just enjoyed the game on it's own merits. A mix of visual novel dialogue and light rpg elements with the main gameplay consisting of the sports combat you see in the trailer. plenty of variance in the style of each character in combat, as well as the characters themselves.  The combat did get a bit repetitive in the end, but the story made it worth it to stick through it.  For those that are curious, there are a total of26rites during the campaign.  Not too many, but certainly enough for me.  Certainly shorter than most games now a days, probably could speed through in 6 hours, but I enjoyed the characters, their interations and story depth, so I hit 12 hours.  Could have taken longer if I actually read through that book.  The soundtrack is freaking amazing, as is the art."
76561198038059699,Recommended,462770,34009216,Posted: 3 August,all,Zucku,"A good story set in an evocative world with a great backstory and lore. Told through well fleshed out and somewhat unique characters.The story is more straightforward than Bastion and Transistor and focuses more on the actual plot and character development than it does worldbuilding through narration. Though there's also more worldbuilding than in Bastion and Transistor combined.The world is much heavier on the fantasy elements, and the deeper worldbuilding lets you really get a feel for it. Unlike Bastion where all you get is a good idea of concepts for each of the areas and groups, and unlike Transistor where it's all politics, the world of Pyre offers a good glimpse into the politics of the Commonwealth you're exiled from, the world surrounding you in the Downside purgatory you're exiled to, the ancient history of the setting. And of course the people living in it.The visuals can be a bit busy at times on the world map, but it doesn't really make it hard to navigate or get your bearings in any way. You also get used to it over time and start separating out details more easily.Other than that the artstyle is great, placing itself somewhat midway between Bastion's high-quality cartoon characters and Transistors graphic-novel-realism-style, with exagerrated yet proportional and real-enough looking characters.The music is excelent as you'd expect from Darren Korb, and more to the point, in several parts it is dynamic, layers of the music will fade out when you go into your wagon, and variants of themes might play in important rites. Not to mention that every major character in this large ensamble cast has their own theme. Every area has it's own theme as well.Speaking of the Rites... While a large portion of the gameplay is visual-novel or RPG-style dialogue boxes interspersed by point-to-point travel and accompanying events. The focus of the game (and the story) are the ""Rites"".The Rites are in essence a one player 3-on-3 MOBA/Hero arena style duel.It looks like a sportsball affair, and can be easy to dismiss as such. But the impactful character-unique abilities, the fast paced gameplay focused around ""killing"" the enemy heroes and pressuring the objective while the enemy is waiting to respawn. Plays much more like a MOBA in miniature.This form of ritualized combat is surprisingly deep for such a simple concept, with almost every class archetype having a unique playstyle, and with a good amount of variety within the small skill trees, leading to even further variety within each character's role.There's also a bunch more depth in the equippable items. Though each character can only have one item at a time, this allows the late-game or fully developed items to be rather powerful, absurdly so in some cases.Your teamcomp also has a great deal to say in how any given match plays out.In short, the core gameplay has a ton of depth, even if the first few matches might not display it very well.On difficulty, the game can be a bit easy depending on your own general skill level and how quickly you grasp the game. Thankfully you can freely switch difficulty at any point in the game through the options menu, and eventually you'll unlock this game's self-challenger tools (akin to the Idols from Bastion or Limiters from Transistor) here called the Titan stars, you'll eventually be able to pick these before the start of every match, giving your enemies advantages ranging from pure extra stats, to increasing the starting health of their pyre (or decreasing the health of yours!), to instantly ressing them if they all go down at the same time.While on the easy side it can feel a bit shallow, if you crank the difficulty up it will get really tense, just like you'd expect from a hero-arena style action game.One of the really great things about the game is how the game interleaves the narratively focused parts of the game, and the gameplay driven parts.You have a level up system in place, and only your highest level characters will be eligible to go free. So you will undoubtedly loose some of your most relied upon players. This, along with unused characters getting a ""rested"" state (or inspired in the game's own terms) earning bonus exp after sitting out a match, encourages you to switch things up every now and then.In that small way, the gameplay naturally informs the details of the story, it becomes important to the ultimate goal of freedom who has been your most used characters in the gameplay itself. (if those two paragraphs were a bit disjointed I apolgize)It's also a good touch that a loss doesn't lead to any form of game over and that the story continues on regardless. It's better to win of course, but in some situations, you might even decide to let your adversaries win, if only because you feel they deserve the win more than you. (It's still a good thing that they included an easy restart rite button though)Otherwise, the story itself is rather linear, varied yet linear. There's a lot of choice in it, but 80% of it is detail work, although a lot of the conversations you make with party members can have direct benefits or drawbacks in terms of temporary (or some rare times even permanent!) stat boosts or penalties. There's a lot of potential branches in the individual character's narratives of course, some of which will depend on the outcomes of your matches, but the overall plot doesn't change much depending on your actions.Needless to say any backstory stays the same from playthrough to playthrough :PThe most negative thing about the story though, is probably the details that go unexplained. Though there's not at all many of them,  the identities of a couple of major characters and the truth of their role is left entirely unclear in the end. As is another fairly major point in the backstory. It's not a major deal in the end (the specifics don't impact the plot at all and enough is implied that you can get a good grasp of the characters and events unspoken of, but it might nag you if you don't like those kinds of specific details left up to interpretation). So basically, nitpicks.The game has a good playthrough variance in both the story (with a lot of branching choices and influence based on gameplay performance) and the gameplay (with a good roster of playable characters, and easy to increase difficulty for repeat playthroughs). Though it's lacking any sort of New Game+. Of course, it doesn't really need one, as any meaningful progression of stats would mess with the progression and structure of the game (unlike Bastion and Transistor you tend to cap out in both exp and items towards the end). It would still be nice to have a softer NG+ only keeping progress in your book of unlockable backstory (some of which can be easily missed if you lose some specific battles) and giving you all the Titan stars at once rather than as a slow escalation (though that would also run kind of counter to the game's theme).There's not really much more to say. It's a solid title, very different from Supergiant's previous works in a lot of ways, but just as imaginative and with a much more fleshed out world, and a much more unique kind of combat. Featuring the same great music as ever and a wonderous and colorful artstyle to go with the wonderous myths you travel through. Though with a heavier kind of storytelling and a heavier focus on it."
,Recommended,462770,34009304,Posted: 3 August,all,Propaganda Hour,This game is so damn good.
,Recommended,462770,34009181,Posted: 3 August,all,Arsene,Great game
,Recommended,462770,34004903,Posted: 3 August,all,Keelback00,"This is the third game from developer Supergiant Games, and the first game of theirs that I immidiately began playing over again upon completion. I've played all of their games at least twice, but not RIGHT after I got done with my first playthrough. I'm that engrossed with this game. The story, the characters, the gameplay, the music, the art, all of it. This game wasn't actually developed, it was crafted. It's a piece of art. An intricately woven and layered one at that. The story branches off enough to where you will get plenty of character interaction and dialouge that you didn't get the first time through, which is great. It sports BEAUTIFUL hand drawn backgrounds and characters, with fluid animations, and the effects for all the fire and the auras and everything are just straight up eye candy. I love it. In my opinion, the RItes are SUPER fun to play, the mechanics for them are rather in depth, giving you quite a bit of potential strategy and options to defeat your opponents.I'd like to use this oppurtunity to shamelessly address some of the ridiculous criticisms I've been seeing about this game on Steam lately. I already know this is going to get me called a fanboy, which I could understand seeing that honestly, but I do think this game is a unique case that deserves some defense from some of the criticism it's been receiving. If you just flat out don't enjoy the game for whatever reason born of personal preference, that is absolutely fine. I can totally understand that. Some of the reasons for leaving a negative review I simply DON'T understand are:It's not like Supergiant's other games - Well... yeah. That would start getting pretty stale. Transistor and Bastion were already rather similar, and I think Supergiant didn't want to get typecast as the devs that make THAT type of game specifically. It would get boring as hell. If you had done ANY research into the game beforehand or paid ANY attention to the developement process, you wouldn't be complaining.-The Rites aren't good: Ok.... how? This is seriously a complaint I've seen a few times on the internet already, and the ONLY reason I'm even bringing it up is because seriously NOONE has been able to explain why. There's a very good reason for that. They are good. They are damn good. They are Nintendo levels of tight with the mechanics. If you ""don't personally find them very fun"" that's one thing, but the Rites are an objectively well put together set of gameplay mechanics. That said, the opponent A.I. can be pretty dumb on the lower difficulties. If you want the game to force you to learn all the different ways you can go about to protec and attac the Pyres, while making the opponent A.I. not kill themselves in certain arenas, I'd throw the difficulty above standard.Too much reading: This brings it back to doing ANY research at all before purchasing a game. If you had done any, you would have known that your character is called...... wait for it.... the READER. So yeah, you'll be doing a bit of reading. This one's pretty subjective, but still, do any research whatsoever. Don't just buy a game because a certain developer made it. THAT'S being a fanboy.-Not enough of the Rites: There's an entire versus mode where you can do nothing BUT the Rites. Null and void as far as I'm concerned.-Basically making any definitive judgments on the game when you have .8 hrs on record.Really the only negative I have about this game that's big enough to consider it a strike is (no spoilers) the story ends pretty abruptly when, earlier in the game, it made it seem like you were going to be doing much more than you actually end up doing. The rest are just minor gripes here and there that I'm sure can be ironed out with some patches over time.This is, in my opinion, the best game from Supergiant so far. It's by far the most unique game I've personally ever played, and I haven't really been able to put it down since it's release."
,Recommended,462770,34017251,Posted: 4 August,all,Saint Erythrosine [ St. E127 ],"Interesting twist-of-fate this one.So...It's an Action-RPG Sportsball Adventurethat is competently builtand mechanically profound enough to be a type of eSports a la Smash or Street Fighterwith a huge cast of interesting and unique characters in a worldfilled with brilliant stained-glass style and fantasy world artworkdoused in top-notch musicIt's a Supergiant Games game, need I say more?"
,Recommended,462770,34015731,Posted: 4 August,all,maestro_xvi,"There are some things that you can take for granted when you're playing a Supergiant Game. In no particular order, they are:1) Outstanding visuals2) Outstanding music3) Compelling story4) Polished gameplayIf it sounds like I'm a fan, then congratulations well spotted.It doesn't much playing to understand that Pyre is their most ambitious project ever, and to say that they have pulled it off would be doing an injustice. You NEED to play this game. It's not the most challenging, it's not the least predictable, it's not the longest or the shortest. But if you want to immerse yourself in a meticulously crafted and exquisitely beautiful world full of character, colour, ritualistic combat, and hard decisions, then there's nothing better that I could recommend. I will be replaying this over and over.10/10 would extinguish pyres again."
,Recommended,462770,34002278,Posted: 3 August,all,GetSome,"I didn't expect this game.Got this game to have a few hours of fun messing around with some pyrosports. Ended up actually caring deeply about the decisions I made.Pros:* Beautiful art style* Intriguing and interesting characters who feel to have real motivations, developed with minimal exposition and no droningly long monlogues.* Decisions feel meaningful* Interesting world, one I'd love to explore further.* Tight, intense and fun gameplay - the pacing of a sports game but unbound by reality and with dependence upon AICons:This game isn't really about the gameplay, it's mixed in with a lot of visuals and dialogue. If you're looking for straight up game action, this may not be for you.A great interactive story / sports game hybrid,  Definitely worth the buy, even if you don't like sports games (I hate 'em) give this some consideration."
76561198006567277,Recommended,462770,34002372,Posted: 3 August,all,The Grubb,"Just finished my first playthough, and it will definately NOT be my last.If you like rich, story-driven games, then by all means, you MUST play this game.The story really can go in a lot of different directions and not just from the choices you make.It can be just as interesting to see what happens when you LOSE am important fight as it is to see what happens when you win. I cant wait to try it again on a higher difficulty, knowing full well that I will lose more, just to see different ways for the game to play out.The gameplay of the matches themselves can get highly interesting too. I definately won most of the matches, but in some of the ones that I lost felt almost as much as an accomplishment and winning would have.Just play this game!"
,Recommended,462770,34002389,Posted: 3 August,all,MarkNinety9,"I enjoyed the story and characters. The music and all of the little artistic touches all over were great too. I liked how the game adapted to my choices and various selections through out, even customizing the final song over the credits. Very well done and I doubt any two play throughs would be the same.I played the rites / 3x3 matches on the lowest difficulty for most of the game. As an older gamer, I don't want to spend a whole lot of effert trying to master quick reaction mini-games. That's a personal thing and I'm sure some would have little difficulty with the matches."
,Recommended,462770,34016719,Posted: 4 August,all,Valiantbug,"It well worth the asking price and if you enjoy games with a good story, solid gameplay, beautiful art and music and an amazing cast you cant go wrong with Pyre. Easily best game of 2017 so far for me."
,Recommended,462770,34016335,Posted: 4 August,all,Mehman,"It's missing the narrator from Supergiant's previous games, but is still a superb game, if a little short for the price. The only thing I'd change would be to let the versus mode work online instead of just locally.Soundtrack is fantastic as well"
76561197971444881,Recommended,462770,34020354,Posted: 4 August,all,[Pinten] Piefke,"Supergiant delivers another truly unique game.If you are ready to immerse yourself in a lovingly crafted universe with adorable characters, get this gem,"
,Recommended,462770,34016884,Posted: 4 August,all,Mephistoau,"This is a beautiful game. Visually stunning, almost a mix of their previous (Bastion, Transistor) and something like The Banner Saga. The storyling is as strong as ever, one of the few games where i actually took the time to read all the dialogue.Game mechanics are relatively simple but amusing. Adding the challenge stars can get a bit ridiculous though, especially with the cpu's reaction time, but some matches rage worthy.Soundtrack is outstanding, Darren Korb does an amazing job every time.Thoroughly enjoyed, very much looking forward to their next game."
,Recommended,462770,34017951,Posted: 4 August,all,DOCTOR HOMOSEX,"Supergiant did it again.The gameplay of Pyre might be vastly different than Bastion or Transistor (or any game that came before it) and it can be fairly hit and miss (although I found it very enjoyable), but the core elements of every supergiant game are there in full force. Beautiful visuals, heart-wrenching music, and a cast of deeply compelling characters all come together to form a wonderful work of art in which the sport-like gameplay is only a small part of a much larger whole. Pyre is absolutely worth getting because of how unique it is in every respect.At least buy it and give it a try. I guarantee you'll be transfixed."
76561198034073325,Recommended,462770,34045876,Posted: 5 August,all,haresnoot,"If they make an iPad version where you can just tap the character you want to switch/pass to, I'd recommend that over the PC version.On the PC, the most frustrating thing about this game is switching between characters. You only get to control one character at a time in a 3v3 match, but it's difficult to choose which character you switch to or pass to. It's fine when you're just toggling between two characters, but with 3 changing characters feels random. This hampers you're ability to play the game the way it seems designed to be made.This is a shame, because with the variety of arenas, characters, abilities and firing auras there's lots of room for fun challenges in team selection, abilities, strategy and action. The story will shake up your team as well, you can't just play with same 3 characters the whole game.Pyre doesn't have the seamless integration of story, soundtrack and gameplay that Bastion and Transistor have. That said, each of these components are still good on their own.I still recommend since it is beautiful and unique, but I really wish the controls were better."
,Recommended,462770,34048618,Posted: 5 August,all,pkpr,go ♥♥♥♥ing buy it dude
,Recommended,462770,34048533,Posted: 5 August,all,TiRoSu,"It is a very beautiful game, although very unlike Supergiant's previous work. It is half branching dialogue choice visual novel, half sort of basketball. The visual novel part is full of very well written characters (both ally and rival) and intriguing, smartly delivered lore. The sort of basketball is a bit harder to grok, as you control one member of a three person team at a time, requiring a weird sort of multitasking; the default controls take a bit of getting used to. The sports section is fun when you're finally clicking with what it wants you to do, and it is contextualized very well in the story.The 2D art and music are excellent, as with all of Supergiant's game. Maybe not for everyone, but I highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,462770,34048202,Posted: 5 August,all,Berserkr,Get this game.
,Recommended,462770,34046580,Posted: 5 August,all,fearlessent,"From the music and art to the gameplay and story, I enjoyed all of it. this game is another masterpiece by supergiant and I Implore you to play it. If not for me do it for Ti'zo"
76561198015465088,Recommended,462770,33971524,Posted: 2 August,all,Jonezy,"A really cool and unique experience with artwork and audio being pure masterclass.There is a lot of text and the 'battle system' feels like an arcadey sports game, but the characters and universe holds up and the 'battle system' is actually really fun.Enjoyed the the whole experience immensely."
,Recommended,462770,34129386,Posted: 9 August,all,BlankaPlayer,Supergiant have proven they are one of the best indie studios around. Pyre is by far their best and most fleshed out game to date.Don't miss this!9/10
76561197972452232,Recommended,462770,34135227,Posted: 9 August,all,Eisenkraut,An experience worth playing.
,Recommended,462770,34135430,Posted: 9 August,all,thanbo,"Combat system not as interesting as Bastion or Transistor, but the game is still memorable overall."
,Recommended,462770,34316166,Posted: 17 August,all,SirMaxalot3,So good. Supergiant know how to provide beautiful games that are super rich and just keep getting better and better.10/10
76561198271919241,Recommended,462770,34310695,Posted: 17 August,all,Chwazenegger,"One of Supergiant's most brilliant game to date, and that's saying something given how much I loved Bastion and Transistor. Although this one is very different, the gameplay, story and universe were all extremely compelling, I highly recommend the game!"
76561198106292207,Recommended,462770,34314282,Posted: 17 August,all,eijolend,"So I just finished the campaign and the whole experience left me kind fo puzzled, but in a good way.It is certainly interesting from a game design point of view and I think it is almost worth playing just to see the unique way the story and gameplay are presented.The game really provides you with a flavorful and different outcome for all your choices and while the overarching story is short and straightforward, they really took giving every player a different experience to an extreme - even the music that plays during the credits is customized to your personal achievements. Of course the depth of story is going to suffer a little if so much breadth is provided, but in my eyes this was done very carefully and didn't devalue the experience. Rather it left me wanting to know more about a fascinating world that I'm still not even beginning to understand and wondering, what other facettes of personality the characters I learned to care for might have, which I didn't get to see in the short time we shared.The core gameplay of the rites is very interesting and works well. The performance of the computer controlled enemies is a bit all over the place - sometimes mercilessly exploiting your weaknesses, sometimes just staring puzzled at what you are doing. At higher difficulties or with a few boni to the enemies attributes the game is seriously challenging. At normal difficulty I managed to only lose a few games, but there are many options to make the game easier or more difficult and I suggest you use them to find a level of challenge that is enjoyable for you. I am kind of curious how the story would have turned out had I simply played on a higher difficult setting. My biggest complaint is probably that the filler matches outside of certain key points in the story don't really feel like there is much at stake.Other notes: I definitely recommend playing with a controller. The graphics look great and fit the style and tone of the game perfectly. The soundtrack is simply amazing and beautiful!"
,Recommended,462770,34312368,Posted: 17 August,all,Níðhöggr,A dog has a mustache.He's a good boy.
,Recommended,462770,34307290,Posted: 17 August,all,[♫] ZnC,"I loved Bastion, thought Transistor was OK, but Pyre is my favourite!"
,Recommended,462770,34323123,Posted: 18 August,all,mayorin,Just finished the game. Can't wait to play again and try my best not to f*** up this time.
76561198092337907,Recommended,462770,34319619,Posted: 17 August,all,Splat706,Awesome Game. 12/10
,Recommended,462770,34296644,Posted: 16 August,all,shanaqui,"Pyre is a beautiful game, with a rich world. There are probably people who dislike the rather point-and-click nature of the story part (with most activity occurring only during the ""rites"" -- although there's a lot of those), but though I was initially reluctant, I really got into the story. I've played through the story twice so far. I find the versus mode less appealing, because it isn't revealing of the world and characters; the whole point for me is the rites set within the context of the story.If you're not interested in exploring that world, including by reading background material in the Book and participating in optional conversations, or playing it through again to get different combinations in the ending, it probably won't be your thing. It IS heavily text-based in terms of world-building, and there's a lot of inferences you need to draw, too.Nonetheless, if you love beautiful games and rich worlds, I do recommend Pyre, and its soundtrack.On a sidenote that is probably not relevant to most, I adore the fact that you can go through the game without being gendered once."
,Recommended,462770,34275925,Posted: 16 August,all,Canoness Avlaen,"Astoundingly beautiful game that will task you with difficult decisions and what to do with the crew that you quickly become attached to.It like bastion and transistor before it, is exceedingly beautiful and amazing sound tracks as allways."
,Recommended,462770,34282613,Posted: 16 August,all,Chiropodist,Top notch game. While this game won't be for everyone I do recommend looking into it. I am not a sports game fan however this beautifully crafted visual novel meets sports game made me realise that I do like the mechanics when they are framed in the right way. The characters are all wonderfully unique and ooze with character (I need a Ti'zo plushy) which extends to even the opposing characters. As always with a supergiant game the soundtrack is topnotch! To anyone willing to give this game a go all I can do is recommend it.
,Recommended,462770,34303210,Posted: 17 August,all,SociableStream,That some 10/10 sportsball.
76561198085880546,Recommended,462770,34332022,Posted: 18 August,all,Illiteraven,"I highly recommend this game if you are a person who enjoys reading, leveling up a team of detailed and nuanced characters, while making decisions that matter.The music and art work in this game is also top notch.But despite all that, the first thing that this game did to earn my respect was to let me choose the pronouns of the main character, or Reader. Yes, you can use they/them.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,462770,34331780,Posted: 18 August,all,edlago,"Pyre is a complicated game to explain, a game that merges politics, sports and religion in a brilliant way. If you like the other Supergiant Games, this is an insta-buy for sure. If you never heard about them before and loves well crafted games with amazing narrative, incredible art and awesome soundtrack, you should jump in this game right now. I completed the game yesterday and I'm still thinking about all the characters that I meet in this journey, I never thought I would got so attached with a dog with a terrible moustache in his face or a grumpy giant demon. Supergiant can't stop surprise us and we should be glad because of that."
76561198334640090,Recommended,462770,34331687,Posted: 18 August,all,ket_sith,"Very good game! Excellent hand-drawn graphic! If you pass on this game, you will be missing out on such a good game. Do not be discouraged by the fact that this game look like basketball theme game, the ritual in this game is very much like your typical rpg battle disguised as sports-like game. If you like RPG in general, you will love this game. This game has awesome music soundtrack, backed up with heart-touching storyline.Bravo SuperGiant games ! You have outdone yourself again!"
76561198050585297,Recommended,462770,34333081,Posted: 18 August,all,Fid,"One of a kind, a truly unique game. You have never seen anything like this, and probably never will."
,Recommended,462770,34340272,Posted: 18 August,all,infiniteLimit,"Whereas Bastion and Transistor were games with a story, Pyre very much feels like a story with a game. It is a shame then, that despite some solid groundwork and worldbuilding, the chracter development happens erratic and the pacing starts with too much talking in the beginning and at some points comes to too little talking. The gameplay is fun, although fairly limited, and the writing is generally solid. However, this feels like a step back after how amazing Transistor was. The central themes and ideas shine through well, but I feel ultimately the game sacrifices too much of it gameplay to tell a story and too much of its story to make the gameplay work. Still a good game, but if you don't like too much reading this game will annoy you, and if you're there for the story you might be disappointed. A solid 7/10."
76561198070325466,Recommended,462770,34203437,Posted: 12 August,all,Looc22,"This game pushes further into alternative gameplay systems than Transistor did. It's a very distinct departure from both Bastion and Transistor that still retains the spirit of those two games while providing a unique and creative core gameplay loop. A big chunk of the gameplay is spent performing 'rites,' which are basically rituals that play a little bit like a game of basketball or something. You summon 3 members of your party into a rite and can only control one of them at a time. Each party member has their own abilities, advantages, and disadvantages. The rest of the gameplay is boils down to dialogue choices that can provide items or modify the stats of some characters for upcoming rites.The writing and characters of this game are the meat, though. You'll find a cast of lovable characters playing out a story set in a magical world brought to life by Supergiant's fantastic visuals and music. Everything about this game's presentation is fantastic and the people at Supergiant have outdone themselves in this regard for the 2nd time in a row.While I don't think the gameplay on offer here will please everyone as much as Bastion's or Transistor's did, I really enjoyed it and I think it's worth experiencing the game just to watch the story unfold.Once again, Supergiant Games has reminded me why I love video games."
76561198278001830,Recommended,462770,34206047,Posted: 12 August,all,sycoraxxxx,"This is an incredible game. It's beautiful, the story is really good, the gameplay is consistently fun (and there are tons of different ways to make it more challenging, if you want to be challenged, or easier, if you prefer more casual play), and the music is outstanding.It's also highly replayable and outside of the campaign, has a versus mode that's fun with friends or against computers. You can tell, even after just playing through it once, that there are tons of different unexplored story branches that you can access by making different choices in future playthroughs.If you're interested in a game where your choices really matter, this is the one. Supergiant has made a game where your choices feel really, really important, but which also manages to not punish you for those choices. The theme of the game is that win or lose, you're still progressing, as long as you keep moving forward.I was a little concerned, when watching one of my friends play the first hour, that I was going to get bored with the ""Oregon Trail"" element of the game, but I wasn't. The game's giving you a chance to learn how to play, before being good at the Rites really matters. If you find yourself getting bored, wait for a save point and then duck out and play some versus until your carpal tunnel kicks in and you want to enjoy the incredible art and story for a while.Seriously, this game is soooooo good."
,Recommended,462770,34217436,Posted: 13 August,all,SixV,"A great game, if not a masterpiece. As usual with the games from Supergiant Games.As usual, it offers a very good soundtrack which makes the game more ""immersive"". Thanks to the composition from Darren Korb.This one feature a coherent story which, in contrary of the precedent games from Supergiant Games, is written by the player himself. Whatever you do, I believe you'll get a story that you can like, and which will be coherent in every aspect of it. On this point, the game is the best among all the games I played until now.At last, the gameplay is innovative but lack some ""manoeuvrability"" as the controls reveal themselves rigid, and the readability is entraved by exaggerated animations or maybe a lack of highlight of some kind. (I played the game with a keyboard+mouse)"
,Recommended,462770,34216178,Posted: 13 August,all,professorsexyy,"Holy crap, this is by far the most emotional game I have ever played.I just finished it over the course of two days and I am still reeling from it.Utterly amazing.Recommend to anyone.Story was great, and the most beautiful soundtrack to any video game (or anything else) ever.Just hands down an truly worthwhile experience.Try it out for yourself, you won't regret it."
76561198009687696,Recommended,462770,34184318,Posted: 11 August,all,Tiga-Claw,"Space Jam Fantasy Magic EditionPyre: Playing 3vs3 ""basketball"" game has never been this fun with visual novel story telling and condescending announcer."
,Recommended,462770,34189704,Posted: 12 August,all,Micha,"Pyre's presentation is superbly polished, even more than the otherSupergiantgames which I deeply love. Fighting is super interesting and has an immense depth but still it's easy to learn the basics. The different heroes with their own abilities almost offer endless combinations in mechanics, especially in the VS mode. The story parts in between the main mode are very much non-linear despite being essentially just a list off choices. What matters to me most is that they have actual consequences - some less and some quite big (e.g. anointing at a liberation rite). There's just so much detail that even the song during the end credits reflects the path you've chosen. Also, the game definitely has a super exploratory vibe despite that there's not really much freedom where to go (just branching decisions really). And last but not least, characters are super cool and you easily fall in love with them!P.S. Thanks so much for having a great native Linux/SteamOS version on launch day! <3"
,Recommended,462770,34187770,Posted: 12 August,all,stitch,"Supergiant has done it again! Although I didn't find the story as heart wrenching as their previous installments, Supergiant Games has still provided us with a fine story with characters many people will fall in love with. The gameplay is crisp and rewarding. The only downside to this game is the lack of online gameplay (Which I seriously hope they add into this game in the future). Despite all this, the game is a very solid title that I definitely recommend to anyone who is a fan of story driven games."
76561198064294006,Recommended,462770,34179932,Posted: 11 August,all,seanchain,"I thought about describing how this game is very different from Bastion and Transistor, in that it is more like a novel with some gameplay.  Then I realized that would be inaccurate.You're not really playing a game.  You're taking your emotions on a death march."
,Recommended,462770,34179299,Posted: 11 August,all,MercilessMerc,"Absolutely beautiful world, well-written characters, a glorious soundtrack, and of course the excellent voicework of Logan Cunningham all come together to make an outstanding example of story-telling in games. If you are not turned off by a lot of reading or the 3-on-3 fantasy basketball mini-games, then you will certainly find lots to love here. I highly recommend this title! There's only one problem: Ti'zo does not have a plushie yet, and I need one in my life."
,Recommended,462770,34199511,Posted: 12 August,all,Jay,"Supergiant knocks it out of the park again with this departure from their regular conventions.If you liked Bastion and Transistor for their combat, it can't be guarnateed that you'll enjoy this game. But if you're like me, and you loved Supergiant's previous titles for the attention to detail, amazing atmosphere, and ability to stir such strong emotions,in additionto their interesting combat mechanics, then you have every reason to buy Pyre right now if you haven't already."
76561197965192590,Recommended,462770,34200178,Posted: 12 August,all,Lord Katerchen,I ...This was just beautiful...
76561198080519971,Recommended,462770,34212791,Posted: 13 August,all,InsepidBint,"Beautiful visual design and wonderfull music (First game I'm buying the soundtrack for). 10/10 on the gamplay front, but It's a unique concept which will definitely be a let-down if you're expecting ""the supergiant Game"", that is to say: an isometric hack and slash. But they tried something new, and it stands on it's own as something unique and well balanced and is to my mind totally worth checking out."
,Recommended,462770,34211932,Posted: 13 August,all,VaultBoy,"Amazing visual novel, sports game with lite-RPG elements.Pyre is primarily two sets of gameplay. The visual novel, for the most part, has the player choosing between one of two or three outcomes. However, the depth of character you get from the companions is an absolute joy. They're all very well written and fast become friends. Depending on the companions, your interactions will be different. Having beaten the game twice, it was very interesting to see how the story arcs of the characters changed.The sports game, which is a bit like fantasy-basketball, is a unique and fun experience. Each companion plays a little different with interesting strengths and weaknesses. Mixing up your team keeps the game feeling fresh. It also means you can pick the characters that best fit your play style. What's also interesting is that the story will proceed regardless of whether you win or lose a match. In fact, losing matches can influence the outcome of the story.The art and sound are absolutely fantastic. This is no surprise coming from Supergiant Games, but the world they've created and backed up with the story is amazing. The track for when you battles the curs lead by Barker is my favorite track with it's crunchy guitar riffs.But, the game has a few minor quibbles. First, while you could probably replay this game 4 or 5 times and generate different endings, the first couple 2-3 hours of the game are pretty much always the game. There's very little variability, so you're just going through the same story beats.Second, when replaying there's very little you can do to speed through things. While there's a way to fast skip through text, there's no way to move the wagon faster. You have to sit through all voiced dialog, which can be lengthy. It's not that the dialog is bad. But, from what I can tell, these main story beats don't change. The game would benefit from a New Game+ mode that allows you to what are basically cut-scenes.Last, the game has a lot of reading. I'm not against this, but there's both the dialog beats and a book to read. The book is great if you're wanting the lore. But, if you're not interested in reading quite a bit of text, then you'll want to skip this.Even with these detractors, Pyre is an amazing, beautiful game. It's incredibly rare that I'll finish a game, let alone replay it. But, with Pyre I had to explore the characters and story more. Playing this game is like visiting good friends. It's a masterpiece and brilliant at what it does."
,Recommended,462770,34470078,Posted: 24 August,all,IEATPLANETS,"More developers should consider making sport games less realistic and add powers/monsters/rpg elements etc. Well this is what Pyre does, except with a ton of amazing things around the sport part. Lots of reading from a good story (I really with it was voice acted). I love Super Giant Games, I rank this in the middle of the last 3 games of theirs. Transistor(9.75/10) > Pyre > Bastion. I give this game a 8.25/10."
,Recommended,462770,35092650,Posted: 20 September,all,Barackalypse Obamageddon,"Far different from Bastion and Transistor, but this is just as fun in a way that is all its own. Worth playing for the artstyle alone."
76561198012714916,Recommended,462770,35096431,Posted: 20 September,all,KFEAR,"Supergiant is my favorite studio as I loved their previous efforts.  This game is incredibly impressive, but i didn't find it nearly as enjoyable.  Not enough gameplay...tons of story.  Now, that's not a terrible thing as the ideas in Pyre are incredibly rich and provoking.  For this gamer, it wasn't enough to always push forward and i found myself playing the game in smaller sessions.It's a great work of heart and a huge achievement.  I think it just wasn't the type of game that i normally like to play."
,Recommended,462770,34913187,Posted: 12 September,all,Niku The Pantless,"Supergiant has done it again. Amazing artwork, Great Soundtrack, Simple but deep gameplay.This is very different then the other games they have been known for and it isn't for everyone. Most people compare it to a visual novel mixed with sport game elements. I will have to agree with them. But the story, the world building, everything is in place to take you on a amazing journey.The gameplay is simple, a kinda exotic basketball where the hoops are the teams Pyre (see what they did there??) and your mission is to throw and dunk the ball until the blaze has been snuffed.Supergiant has once again taken all my free time with there games and can't wait to see what amazing game they have next."
76561198097660354,Recommended,462770,34257965,Posted: 15 August,all,QuartzComposer,"After playing through the main campaign twice in a week, I can confidently say Pyre is my favorite Supergiant game. It is like Supergiant took everything good from their previous two games, and added even more intrigue and interest. The main campaign is satisfyingly challenging, even when replayed. Besides the gameplay itself, the story and its myriad endings will keep you coming back.Once critique is that during very fast paced battles, it is sometimes impossible or very difficult to even see or react to certain things, but bear in mind that I'm running this on a 4 year old laptop. Either way, it doesn't really impede my experience."
,Recommended,462770,34265947,Posted: 15 August,all,Eizig,"A true piece of art. Amazing art, great design, fun gameplay, compelling story. I love it."
,Recommended,462770,34272090,Posted: 16 August,all,Pooney,"Absolutely beautiful game. Music and art are just amazing. Story is griping and engages the player. Dying to know what happens next.Gameplay is simply fun. The main game mode is really fun, and manages to change with each encounter I come across. Never the same thing twice in a row, so far. There are also side encounters, or encounters that break the format that are entwined with the story that are a nice change or pace and change from the main encounters.Simply put. Super Giant Games does it again."
,Recommended,462770,34271198,Posted: 16 August,all,Stranger,"I.... I truly loved this game.  I'm coming hot off of the ending I received and I feel satisfied.. Happy even!I was dreading the ending of the game for several reasons; the ending of the experience, the ending of my story with these characters I’ve come to call friends, but most of all I feared an ending that would hurt.While that ending exists, I’m sure.  My actions and decisions allowed me to achieve the ending I sought after.I give this game the highest recommendation I can offer.  I have no means to convince you other than with my words.Please, if you enjoy a very narrative driven experience with an entertaining gameplay mechanic that only grew more difficult towards the end, purchase this and set aside time to truly enjoy it.From one Reader to another…"
,Recommended,462770,34264004,Posted: 15 August,all,Rogue Cogue,"I've played Bastion and Transistor, the latter of which is one of my favorite games of all time. Pyre is in many ways better than either of them, and is my GOTY so far. Rather than leaning heavily on Logan Cunningham's vocal genius and telling a decent story that is presented extraordinarily well, Supergiant have kept their visual style and presentation for a game with as much text relative to its length as something like Pillars of Eternity.A hopeful though dark setting with lovable and complicated characters is built around the Rites, essentially a sports game with the varied character abilities of an RPG. The feeling the game gives you, that of being on a revolutionary road trip with a surprisingly non cliche band of misfit allies, is one that too few games can capture.There's only one major problem (provided you have a controller, as the keyboard controls are janky): the game is too easy. On my first playthrough, I played on normal, often using the trademark Supergiant difficulty enhancers, and never lost a Rite. Only the later fights, especially the final ""boss"", were more exciting than a routine dunk-fest.If you're generally competent at games, play on hard mode your first time.That said, if you like reading and aren't repelled by sports, I couldn't recommend Pyre enough."
76561198046542197,Recommended,462770,34268617,Posted: 15 August,all,SpookyEzra,"I'm a big fan of SG's other games, in terms of gameplay, story, and overall aesthetic. Pyre is a strong new entry from a solid indie studio and one of my favorite games of the year. The scenery and character design is gorgeous, the voice acting in its own language subtly adds to the world building, the soundtrack is beautiful and very unique, and the gameplay and writing is also excellent. While the gameplay can sometimes get tedious while you alternate between lots of dialogue (although I am a visual novel and literature fan so I don't mind reading lots of text) and the sports/combat aspect (the Rites), the character and world building makes up for it as you and your fellow exiles grow on the journey together. I loved nearly every second of the 12 hours I spent in my first playthrough, and the incredibly well-written characters (Hedwyn and Tariq being my favorites) and unique gameplay brought the world and the Rites to life for me. There are choices to make - I'm interested to give it another playthrough in a couple months or so to do some things differently because I will admit part of the ending did not go how I expected it to and undermined my own strategy - that affect the gameplay and create different outcomes with different characters. I highly recommend this game and the incredible soundtrack! Also Jodariel is mom."
76561198035641689,Recommended,462770,34249221,Posted: 14 August,all,amb1guiz,"It's a visual novel, basketball sim, RPG, and write your own story all in one. SuperGiant have made yet another perfect game. I'm already excited for their fourth. Please keep making games forever and ever and ever and ever."
,Recommended,462770,33950549,Posted: 1 August,all,chomp a braingrain,"This Supergiant Games' best game yet. The setting is really interesting, the characters get you genuinely invested in them (even some of the opposing team leaders, tempting you to let them win so that they can escape), and each win/loss appears to affect the story in some way. It also doesn't have the same mediocre gameplay problems that Transistor and Bastion had, because they take a massively different approach with it this time. The AI can still be stupid at regular difficulty, so it's a good idea to bump it up if you want a real challenge."
76561198008452678,Recommended,462770,34527216,Posted: 27 August,all,Aleksander,"One of the most beautiful games I ever played. Great story, and - whats rare - real choices influencing the gameplay and the ending.I only wish it had New Game +."
,Recommended,462770,34525459,Posted: 27 August,all,Lixwulf,"I love Supergiant Games' work so far, that was true of Bastion, true of Transistor and now it's true of Pyre. Having said that: Pyre is something of a departure for Supergiant.I've tried to keep this review spoilerfree. As a very brief summary for those who want to be absolutely sure to avoid any potential spoilers: don't assume that just because you liked Bastion and Transistor you'll love this, but also don't think that just because you didn't like Basting or Transistor you might not end up loving this.What's the same (or at least similar)Obviously things aren't the same as Bastion or Transistor exactly, but some of the Supergiant hallmarks remain in place:Gorgeous and unique visual styleAmazing music by Darren KorbA world that feels incredibly rich in its worldbuildingAmazing announcer/narrator vocals (although...)What's changedAnnouncer/narrator only present in certain parts of gameplay and far more of an independent characterThe combat (or rather competition) system is essentially a three on three ballgameLess linear story (more paths to choose from)Text based dialogue and loreMy personal experienceHaving loved Supergiant's earlier games I was excited for Pyre, but also worried by the new combat/competition system, but for me: it just clicked. The first time I got into it though it immediately clicked. For me it has the right balance of tactics, pacing and my personal investment into 'my' three players to make it extremely compelling.Similarly the text based dialogue and lore work for me. Both are stylized to create unique individual 'voices' within the written text. In a way they almost feel like the visuals of the worlds Supergiant portrays in its games: not aiming for hyper realism, but keeping a style that adds to the feeling of the game.While I can't give details without moving into spoiler territory: Pyre not only lets you make more choices than previous Supergiant titles, in a way it forces you to. There were choices along the way I really didn't want to have to make, but which made the game compelling (and made me want to replay it) all the more because of that.ConclusionIs this game for everyone?Probably not, but with the number of games on off these days I doubt that any game is.Would I recommend that people look at this game (and consider it carefully)?Absolutely. Aside from everything else this is a game where I've gotten great joy out of just sitting there, staring at art on the screen and listening to the music for minutes at a time. But more than that it's a game I found compelling that really made me feel connected to the characters I was interacting with and made me want to do my best for them."
76561198167221058,Recommended,462770,34552503,Posted: 28 August,all,beasleychristian,"This was a strange turn for supergiant games, seeing how the last two games were isometric style games, and having loved transistor, I was really looking forward to playing it. And once again, supergiant did not fail to blow me away, with its art, stories and characters. You feel totally immersed in their journey, which will make you laugh, cry, and amazed!  you'd like to see the first 15 or so minutes of gameplay, I made a video:https://youtu.be/Qn-YGiwcKJc"
,Recommended,462770,34541915,Posted: 27 August,all,Skezicks,One of the absolute funnest games I've played in a long time. Another absolute hit from supergiant. My only real issue with the game is that the controls will need as work when you start it. They are not intuitive on keyboard or controller and I've messed with both until it's a dream to play. Has a great depth of strategy and story I only wish I could play online with my brother farther away.
76561198016743302,Recommended,462770,34547248,Posted: 28 August,all,Azraeyl,"This is an absolutely stunning game. A huge departure from Supergiant's previous titles, but carries the same unrivaled quality, art direction, music, and attention to detail. Supergiant has always been a master at worldbuilding, but they go beyond that and show their aptitude for developing colorful, memorable characters in this game. You really do fall in love with your team and there are many deep and emotional moments throughout the game. In my opinion, this is Supergiant's best game yet, though I can also imagine that it may not be everyone's cup of tea. If you're a fan of amazing worldbuilding, lore, and characters, and enjoy a whole lot of text and reading, then this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,462770,34587452,Posted: 29 August,all,finefeatheredfriend,"Very enjoyable game. Come for the basketball-esque style of play, stay for the artwork and the music. Phenomenally drawn and written characters, awesome music, and an all-around relaxing and enjoyable experience from a reliably awesome game company."
76561198045032379,Recommended,462770,34161790,Posted: 10 August,all,Tatterdemalion,"It's Supergiant. Come on. They haven't made a bad game yet, and this one shines like the rest despite being, well, a visual novel and sports game about the sacred ball game of Limbo, in which a ragtag team tries to achieve personal victories for its team members, and thus completely different than either Bastion or Transistor. You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll give a gray-haired girl a name which ends in -ae. You'll fall in love with a most unusual drive-imp. You'll walk the path that the Eight Scribes laid out for you- a path of redemption, struggle, and burning pyres extinguished by sick star ball dunks."
,Recommended,462770,34175321,Posted: 11 August,all,Aquamanic4,"Solid game, great mechanics, engaging story, well written characters. If you've played bastion or transistor and enjoyed them you will enjoy this. Another great game from supergiant."
,Recommended,462770,34093900,Posted: 7 August,all,Vladimir Pootis,"Supergiant is still 3 for 3 and has yet to dissapoint. beautiful art and music, fun gameplay like nothing i've ever tried before, and a really well thought out world and characters you'[ll come to love."
,Recommended,462770,34172859,Posted: 11 August,all,Delyius,"Another hit for Supergiant - the atmosphere, music, and story are so well crafted that the decisions for your characters feel super meaningful, and I even got invested in some of the characters from other Triumverates. The 3v3 game does get a bit repetitive, but it's actually a much smaller part of the game than I thought, and you can always ramp up the difficulty with modifiers.  Haven't finished it yet, but I'm anticipating a strong ending based on the track record of this studio."
,Recommended,462770,34172162,Posted: 11 August,all,dren,"Pyre is very different from Supergiant's other games. While Bastion and Transistor had equal parts gameplay, story, and aesthetic, Pyre double downs on story and aesthetic, leaving gameplay taking a backseat. That's not to say the gameplay is bad, but I'll get to that in a bit.Without spoiling the game, Pyre tells a beautifully rich story in segments which are broken up by conductingrites. These rites act as the gameplay part of the game, and is kind of like handball mixed with football? It's hard to describe. I am in no way a fan of sports games but these sections I found to be extremely satisfying, and I was always looking forward to my next rite.As for the story, there's not much to say other than it's amazing. Supergiant's storytelling has always been top notch and now in a genre where they can really flex that muscle it shows how well their writing is.Aesthetic and soundtrack are both beautiful, as always. No complaints here.Overall, Pyre is a great departure from Supergiant's usual repertoire, and I'm sure many will be disappointed by its visual novel crossed with sports gameplay. But if you have at least a little bit of an appreciation for good story in a game and you let yourself get sucked in, Pyre will reward you with one of the best gaming experiences I have ever had.One of the few games I wish I could play again for the first time. Overall, a masterpiece. Heavily recommended."
,Recommended,462770,34173530,Posted: 11 August,all,Werupenstein,"I didn't have a good first impression of this game but I pushed on much the same as previous Supergiant games and by the end I very much enjoyed the game.Playing this on PC I started with KB+M, what a mistake, this game probably has the worst KB button layout I've ever experienced, once I switched to a controller it was much better.I hate sports games as a rule and I really wasn't expecting what this game had to offer, despite the rites being fairly easy they were incredibly stressful. Much the same as previous games once you get the hang of it the game really opens up to many strategies and the upgrade/progression system makes things exciting through the end.Great world and characters, extremely creative, reminded me a bit of Star Control in that regard and that's a very good thing. I loved the artwork.Great voice acting, just wish there was more of it, this game is fairly heavy on the reading, some games are well suited to a lot of reading but I felt the hectic action of the rites broken up with long sections of reading made the game not flow very well.The book was a bit of a drag, too much text that didn't seem relevant to what I was doing in the game, I had hoped that text in the book would lead me to secrets or give some sort of guidance but I never got anything meaningful out of it and towards the middle I just stopped reading it.Lots of player choices made throughout the game not sure if any of them made a lick of difference in the end.Skimming over this sounds like I hated it, I really didn't, it's caught me by surprise and it's not the type of game I'd usually play but once I got the hang of it, the game really grew on me."
76561198001583754,Recommended,462770,34171239,Posted: 11 August,all,RUGGERO DeCEGLIE,"If there was a word to describe Supergiant games studio would be: experiment. It would probably be accompanied by a whole description of what bravery means in the industry.Pyre is another success, playing it feels like running a well oiled machine; everything seems well thought out and finely tuned to give the best experience possible.The development team is small, but the ambition of creating such a fully interactive narrative and a sport system as intuitive as deep is well deserving an change to be played at least.You might not like the sport itself and still enjoying the adventure side of it. Chances are that you will get into the story of this well characterises moments and decide to give the sport a try. The other way around can still happen.I went into this game after watching the demo from the E3 and not fully understanding how the lore and the explanation would work.Than i realised that everything is meant to be focused on the story and constant decision making. Little things matter and even losing a game will mean still continuing the story.It might be depressing but I plan a walkthrough without winning a game. I can guess how the story will go but I m curious to see how the narrative will counter balance those sad moments.I won't give a number, but I greatly enjoyed this adventure and on my first walkthrough gave me a well 25h of adventure. I didn't rush it and the ending felt well fitted.I will definitely play it again soon."
76561198097545211,Recommended,462770,34201636,Posted: 12 August,all,Varixin,"Supergiant did it again. They did it again! They need to chill. stop with the beautiful games in sad stories. And the music! the music! The art and music has topped Bastion and Transistor. Ugh... they put songs with lyrics mixed in just to give you shivers, as always. The story is exciting and interesting. The gameplay, though its weakest part, is still very fun. It may not appeal to everyone, but if you like fast sport-like games, the Rites will interest you. When not tossing a moon rock into a giant fire, you are playing a visual novel. Not for everyone, the gameplay was a huge leap for Supergiant in that it is nothing like their two previous titles. If you are bad at the Rites, don't sweat it! There is no Game Over, which makes the Rites even more exciting (or infuriating) if you are trying to get a certain ending or interaction.Top three characters (not finished the game yet, so i have not met them all):1. Ti'Zo2. Rukey3. Sir GilmanCharacters that I disliked:-Rating 9.7/10"
,Recommended,462770,34201400,Posted: 12 August,all,Fiskmans,"Bloody great game. though as a fair warning, it is not to be taken lighly. most games these days say they give you a 'choice' but in truth you're only picking between the same thing, not in Pyre. here every decision matters not only for your own progress but for that of your enemies, and for that of your friends.p.s. if anyone could relay me to a real life print of the ingame book, i'd very much like to have that in my bookshelf."
,Recommended,462770,34201026,Posted: 12 August,all,Lifekeeper,When the stars align....The rite shall come to bare...Illuminates the signs....The exiles shall be there...Thanks supergiant =)
76561198297380033,Recommended,462770,34226705,Posted: 13 August,all,harris.eyal,"I got in to this game not expecting to like it, several friends of mine played it and told me it isn't as good as other SuperGiant games.You have to admit, it is a weird sell: ""Take a choose-your-own-adventure book, and cross it with fantasy blitzball"". But the game is much more than that. the world is riveting, the story is enthralling, the music is exhilarating and the characters are charming. i was invested on three levels - I cared for my comrades, I cared for their world, and I cared for the game itself.And than come the rites, this games version of combat. at first, they seem weird, but over the course of the game i grew to love them immensely. while some suggest a regular RPG combat system would serve, i love what the team decided to do. it is unique, interesting, and it fits the world of the game.When the game ended, I cried.9.5/10, only because there is no online multiplayer."
76561198027619504,Recommended,462770,34377470,Posted: 20 August,all,Dark Hózentróger,Best new game I played since Tyranny.
76561198073542789,Recommended,462770,34379407,Posted: 20 August,all,Klein,Brilliant
76561198000846168,Recommended,462770,34381854,Posted: 20 August,all,Dawwe,"It's a great game. However my playtime is about what you'll get out of it if you care about that. It's an easy 10/10 in my book, but if you don't like the gameplay (the ""matches"" aka rites) you won't enjoy it."
76561197963703216,Recommended,462770,34378658,Posted: 20 August,all,Galm Whitemane,"If you're a sucker for Bastion and Transistor's stories and presentation that just pulled you in, go for this game.The gameplay needs a little getting used to at first, but it'll eventually click and you'll be happily moving through this visual novel/3 on 3 football game and weighing every decision."
76561198065875611,Recommended,462770,34366868,Posted: 19 August,all,Cuddlesthemighty,"Supergiant does it again and creates a game that is both memorable and emotionally engaging.  The game here differs quite a bit from its predicessors, being basically split into two distinct parts. There's the story that plays out as pretty much a visual novel, and the rites aka the gamplay portion.  But before I get into what sets the game apart from the other Supergiant titles lets talk about whats similar.The music and art, its great.  The scenery is beautiful and the music is inspirational.  The game world is immersive and a joy to participate in.  This is what I consder Supergiant's bread and butter and they are again in top form so if this is your key draw from the other titles you'll be happy to know this game is no different.The Visual novel part is what I would consider to be the superior portion of the game.  The characters are diverse (a few of them were a little cliche) and each has a history will learn about as you spend time with them.  The story drives action part of the game and also endears you to your party, which is good because when it comes time to decide who you reward that decision will hopefully come with some investment on the player's part.  The story is the glue that ties the whole game together and I think it did so quite well.The rites involve controling 3 members of you party in real time to out manuver the enemy team.  There's a number of talents, equipables and differeing abilites that you will use to triumph.  And while the action portion has depth, the end result I wasn't totally sold on.  Quick changing characters was difficult and when I won I usually felt it was the enemy doing a poor job more than I a good one.  It could just be me but I never felt like I had a solid grasp on the gameplay.That said the sum of the game ends up being a unique experience that I enjoyed.  Without spoiling the ending I found to be quite satifying in offering closure for all the characters I had met. It is unfortunatly my least favorite Supergiant game but its still and impressive game that I recommend."
,Recommended,462770,34365718,Posted: 19 August,all,Spaceboy79,"Pyre is a very different game from Bastion and Transistor. Where those two were heavily dependant on game mechanics, this one is focused much more on story and character interaction. The ritual gameplay is an interesting, sport-like event that does a good job of mixing mechanics through unique character abilities. As usual, the music is fantastic and the soundtrack bundle is a must-buy. The art in Pyre is the best Supergiant's ever done, which is a bold statement considering their trak record."
,Recommended,462770,34383146,Posted: 20 August,all,Accidental Pancakes,My favorite Super Giant game.
,Recommended,462770,34383778,Posted: 20 August,all,keastfromtheeast,They made what is essentially a sportsball game and made me want to play.  Witchcraft
76561198367139988,Recommended,462770,34417636,Posted: 22 August,all,SethAnthony,"Completed main game in about 30 hours, normal difficulty no losses.I really enjoyed this game, ""Normal"" is easy and ""Easy"" is for people who just want the story, you can ramp up the difficulty through modifiers to make it harder on top of increasing if you dig the gameplay.The rites are fun little tactical sports games, and the synergy between heroes is cool. Take small fast Tizo to the enemy pyre, explode and use the portal he creates to walk through a massive heavy hitter. Create a path up to their pyre with Volfreds sappling to allow another hero to dunk unopposed ect. When it gets online multiplayer you will see some amazing stratagies.The story was amazing, it really made you care for them and the plot, and the final choices were really tough, when decidingWho to leave behindi had a tough time and found myself regretting it whenOne person i liberated didnt seem to do anything with it in his cards, and poor Pamitha just flew around alone for the rest of her life - I KEPT YOU WITH YOUR SISTER! I WANTED YOU TO BE HAPPY"
,Recommended,462770,34545942,Posted: 27 August,all,Vociferocity,"This was a super good game. The music, storyline, characters, and game play came together in a truly terrific performance. A masterpiece."
76561197996694010,Recommended,462770,34543849,Posted: 27 August,all,phsidefender,"It's great, but it becomes repetitive after a while. Definitely go through on harder modes to increase replay value, otherwise it isn't worth it.The 3v3 combat is unique and fun"
,Recommended,462770,34248333,Posted: 14 August,all,"Cargøn, lord of file cabinets","A surpsising deviation from regular Supergiant games and shows a lot of promise in the studio. I was expecting it to be a bit of a lopsided RPG from supergiants who seem like relative rookies to the genre but it's actually a fantasy based...sports game with RPG elements? The gameplay is fun and seems to have a very high skill cap, althought the AI never gives you too much trouble. It's weird that there isn't online multiplayer for it but there is Couch Co-Op if you're that kind of dude. The story is also very cool, with choose-your-own adventure style fractal progression, and characters that all feel interesting and unique, which once you reveal the endgame mechanics very much comes into play. It's also a lot longer than any other supergiant game, which might be an offset because it can grind down a little bit but manages to keep itself interesting with it's interesting characters and butter-smooth gameplay. Not to mention the beautiful art, a staple of any supergiant game worth its pastels. Fans of the Bastion and Transistor soundtracks may find the music in this a little bit boring, but there's one or two really good tracks in there so it's not a total wash. Also, my BOY Logan to the mutha♥♥♥♥in' Cunningham shows up yet again and does a much more diverse voice role, no more gravel-voiced cowboy, is now a pompous announcer for the entire game. LOVE IT. Also, choices matter, but it's mostly dialogue changes and other background things but in a game with characters as strong as this one hell yeah does that matter because I won't spoil it but in the end credits all your choices culminate in a really cool and original way. Did I mention the characters are lovable as hell?Most importantly however it shows that Supergiant is growing as a studio without losing their roots and still know that with enough spit and elbow grease a 2D game that looks good and plays better can still take home the gold. And that's something I'm willing to put my dollar behind."
,Recommended,462770,34475080,Posted: 24 August,all,Slurms MacKenzie,"A very unique game with great character interactions and an interesting story. And of course a wonderful soundtrack, as you'd expect from Supergiant.Buy it."
,Recommended,462770,34496637,Posted: 25 August,all,Impossibear,Best sports/ freindship game
76561198034550196,Recommended,462770,33920983,Posted: 30 July,all,Catbug,"Another incredible game from Supergiant. Let me start by mentioning that the music is FANTASTIC and I highly recomend you get the soundtrack. The game begins as a fairly linear story told through short text conversations but after you complete the first segment of the game it opens up, with a system that allows you to choose your battles and influence the standing of your opponents. The art is beautiful, the voice acting is amazing, and I love all of the characters. On the negative side, the Keyboard/mouse controls feel terrible and once the games become more difficult and controlling your team becomes a chore. I suspect it plays much better with a controller. (Update: using a controller completely fixes my issues with the gameplay)"
,Recommended,462770,34580808,Posted: 29 August,all,Miathan,"Beautiful and fun game. Great music, interesting characters, meaningful choices, challenging gameplay. What more could I want?"
76561198064569152,Recommended,462770,34574715,Posted: 29 August,all,SlamTown,"Another great game from the now heroes of unique style, character building, and story telling.Now this is not a long drawn out review about everything this game does good or bad but this is just a simple man im his thoughts on the game after finishing my first game and just starting new game+. From start to finish the game really explains everything very well paced while only explaining things to you that would peak your intrest and not explaining things to you that would be important later but you would not care about at the moment which alot of games make the mistake of doing. How the game handles progress is very good while giving you many reasons to keep playing the game more then one time which is i think supergaints way of touching up on bastions view of progress while making it feel more meaningfull. know gameplay while it is very unique but nothing jaw breaking as it is very fluid and a unique concept but i would surely not say is the focus on the game but still is fun to play and does is action packed and not to long for you to get bored. I should also mention what the gameplay is and that is well in short magic basketball but instead of shots its dunking it into a burning pyre. I give this game a 8.5/10 because while everything on the story aspect the some of the best i think we are going to see for this year of games i think i was lacking a bit on the gameplay side supergaints other smash game Bastion which i would give a 9/10END SCORE 8.5/10"
76561198018482727,Recommended,462770,34571446,Posted: 29 August,all,Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster,"This game hit a nerve for me. While the uniqe mix of Gameplay, Story and Music is not for everyone it resonated deeply with me, making the game a favorite of mine."
,Recommended,462770,34741905,Posted: 4 September,all,MarkOfTheJudas,"Really enjoyable game. It played a bit like an interactive novel given how the writting was done (it often tells you exactly what you need to know, but a very good one with a fun game that breaks up the storytelling with some regularity. The core game you play is very fun with a decent number of viable strategies, though the computer on the standard difficulty is a bit too easy to bait into bad positioning when you use faster characters. About 1/3rd into the game you get the opltion to add to the challenge for extra XP, however, the xp is not so scarce that it is really that important.Overall, good story with fun gameplay. The game is short enough (10-15 hours) that it does not wear out its welcome. I would give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,462770,34742155,Posted: 4 September,all,"Tomas ""Ya Bird"" Jefferson","Superb fantasy sports game with enough depth and replayability to keep you wanting more once it's done. The core gameplay is easy to pick up, but picks up complexity as you get more types of characters to use and more items to equip. Supergiant makes great worlds to play around in, and this is no exception, with this strange, hostile environment you share with your exiles teeming with life and new paths to explore. The hyperlink text describing lore terms never ceases to help. All in all, a great experience that I'd recommend to anyone!"
76561197971326909,Recommended,462770,34750534,Posted: 4 September,all,Belhifet,"Pyre is an ecellent game. No game in a long time has made me WANT to sit through the credits, or listen to the music in every encounter. You may not enjoy the story-book style, but I would still highly recommend the experience of the game."
,Recommended,462770,34770600,Posted: 5 September,all,Hissatsu,"Pretty good story, awesome soundtrack and exciting gameplay."
,Recommended,462770,33877693,Posted: 29 July,all,Calibree,"Like always, a great game by Supergiant Games. Atmospheric, musically stunning and original. Parts of previous games got implemented just the right way. The story line is written so damn well."
,Recommended,462770,34258971,Posted: 15 August,all,Ohhihai,"Definitely LOVING this game!Yes, It's not as action packed as Bastion & Transistor.And yes, it's technically a sports game.But it's still darn AMAZING!I won't get into the art anymore coz I think most reviewers already mentioned how FANTASTIC it is.What I will mention is that I think it lacks the online versus mode,which I think would elevate the game to a whole new level."
,Recommended,462770,34337628,Posted: 18 August,all,Mithrandir8,"A beautifully animated story with sports-like gameplay, Pyre offers a compelling story that will make you want to play through multiple times."
,Recommended,462770,34339808,Posted: 18 August,all,Deedaw,"Really good, especially for the story. I always like games that let you create sub-narratives. Gameplay is kind of odd sometimes, but really turns into something engaging and thoughtful."
76561198059423541,Recommended,462770,34339830,Posted: 18 August,all,kumquatq3,Fabulous.
76561198041628526,Recommended,462770,34342188,Posted: 18 August,all,Wassperro,Do you like well written graphic novels? Do you like NBA Jam? If so this game is for you. Pyre just barely inches out Bastion to be my favorite Supergiant game.
76561198055435657,Recommended,462770,34649575,Posted: 31 August,all,the_stines,This game is good
,Recommended,462770,34672374,Posted: 1 September,all,Malgox,"My favorite of the Supergiant titles. Incredible character-writing, worldbuilding, music, art... and satisfying gameplay to boot. A game that provokes thoughts and warms hearts."
,Recommended,462770,34722389,Posted: 3 September,all,BrbHouseOnFire,"Continuing SuperGiant Games' collection with a worthy 3rd addition.- Fantastic Soundtrack.- Unique and engaging characters with deep backgrounds and stories to tell.- Incredible artwork/graphic design set in a compelling and vivid world full of history and a huge trove of lore.- A journey ripe with tense engagements and heart wrenching decisions to make.While not a difficult game, its story and heartfelt characters make it worth playing through until the bitter end."
,Recommended,462770,34716504,Posted: 3 September,all,leonluisgj,"Yes, very good game, continues the excelent level of Bastion and Transistor."
76561198032753865,Recommended,462770,34728213,Posted: 3 September,all,Duisternis,"Another fantastic addition to the Supergiant family, with beautiful asthetics and an equally or more so beautiful soundtrack. Diversity and originality overflow in Pyre, you may find it hard to forget each character you meet just because they all stand out so much from one another. If there's ever a hallmark of a game thats done practically everything right up until the end its a beautiful credits sequence that you not only want to watch but take pleasure in doing so."
,Recommended,462770,34731887,Posted: 4 September,all,Canman,"Artwork and music are worth the price of admission alone.I enjoyed the gameplay, though on the normal difficulty, there was never a huge need to think or try too hard. The dialog is very well done and the characters are all fleshed out in a really endearing way.The overarching plot really excels in interactions between characters and their reckonings with their own histories. However,  I found the story less compelling in its presentation of the world's mysticism and rituals. A little more explanation would have been welcomed and made the world of Pyre feel more grounded - instead, I couldn't shake the impression of a not-completely-successful effort to justify the gameplay and its mechanics in an otherwise lush, interesting world.Overall, my favorite of SuperGiant's games."
76561198069396659,Recommended,462770,34726910,Posted: 3 September,all,D3vastat0r,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game. I felt like I got to know the characters and became friends even, as the Reader. Keep in mind that I do like to read a lot of the fantasy genre. I'm saddened that it ended: it was bitter-sweet."
76561197996763436,Recommended,462770,34703676,Posted: 2 September,all,Kaidyn,"The story of the game was really great.  The biggest problem was just that it dragged on maybe too long, once Pamitha was maxed even with a lot of Titan Stars activated the game becomes somewhat laughable. Even improved AI can't deal with her aura burst or flying ability well.Would recommend for the story alone and definitely worth pushing through to the ending."
,Recommended,462770,34703869,Posted: 2 September,all,Pagno non mi bannare,"great art, music, gameplay, story. this game will have you glueing your eyes to the screen. i'm starting to believe supergiant games sold their souls to merca and are now incapable of making bad games."
,Recommended,462770,34802783,Posted: 7 September,all,Dorkopotamis,"Significant emotional weight placed behind every encounter are choice. You'll grow attached the personalities of both your allies and the ""villains."" Amazing attention to detail. An all around great game and very cool story. Wish there was some version of a new game + mode to further incentivize replays."
,Recommended,462770,34796315,Posted: 7 September,all,chandrila,"Pyre is a unique game, with interesting characters, eye-catching visual design and a central game mechanic that almost feels out-of-place in a text-heavy RPG.It took me a while to get into the game; it didn't immediately seiz me like Bastion did.  After a couple of hours though, the game felt more accessible.  The main gameplay revolves around an unusual team-based sporting event, for want of a better description.  It's not my normal kind of game, but then Pyre isn't a normal game itself and defies easy categorisation.  As such, it is worthy of your time if only to experience something truly unusual.I shan't spoil the story, suffice to say it is dense with details and populated by well-rounded characters that you do genuinely grow to care about.  The game poses some difficult choices as well, which directly impact those characters' lives and futures.Supergiant Games push the boundaries with each of their releases and I'm happy to say that Pyre is a worthy (if unexpected) successor to Bastion and Transistor.  I await their next game with interest."
76561198074469779,Recommended,462770,34837810,Posted: 9 September,all,Sairu,"Amazing visuals and music. The story is very interesting though it felt like there were quite a few unanswered questions by the end. Gameplay can be abit challenging buy you get used to it after a while.Overall an amazing game, I'm about to start my 2nd playthrough."
76561198081728257,Recommended,462770,34843969,Posted: 9 September,all,The Dodger,"I cannot recomend this game enough, however it would be more honest to call it art rather than a game. Pyre is a tale and experiance in which those exiled from the lands of the Commonwealth must compete under the stars and watchful gaze of the judge and scribes. Teams or Triumvirates take part in Rites across the Downside in order to gain thier freedom. The game is part visual novel, part somewhat sports game but 100% art. The visuals are unique and stunning, the soundtrack and jukebox capture you and could have you listening for hours. Some may not enjoy the experiance as there is alot of reading to do ,some of which is optional, and the way characters are voiced is different but works very well. Speaking of characters there are a whole host of weird and wacky characters all with fleshed out stories and backgrounds. You personally play a pivitol backseat role being someone gifted with the ability to read with literature and freedom of speech tying in to the story and world as the Commonweath has banned books, yet you as a reader unlock the pages of the Book of Rites explaining the World, story of the Scribes (Gods), Rites, Enlightenment and what True Freedom is. In the end Pyre is what you make of it, you can rush through it to gain back your freedom or you can take your time exploring and reading as you come to learn that your choices affect all those around around you as well as what freedom means to you and the characters you quickly become connected to. Some may be put off by the risk the devs took in the combinations that make up this game, others will whole heartedly appreciate it. They may even reach rank 5 enlightenment by the end of it. 10/10 one of the best games I have played and it will keep me coming back for more."
,Recommended,462770,34848597,Posted: 9 September,all,KaeserSeph,"8.8/10-Amazingly great characters fleshed out by your input-Interesting gameplay (fighting) mechanics that are a bit strange though not really the reason to get this-Some items are fairly interesting but having only one slot to use them makes most irrelevant after obtaining trial items-Sadly towards the end you stop getting more out of the characters you have left and becomes a race to finish-Giant expanse of choose your own adventure type direction with everone of your companions-Musical score is pretty fantastic at times or missing while you read through all your allies talking points-Art style is fantastic imho, and graphics during fights retain the feel while a little more buttery and 3d-Decent length adventure-I don't plan on messing around with the multiplayer options at all"
,Recommended,462770,34848061,Posted: 9 September,all,Izeo,"Great game, highly recommend for anyone looking for a new kind of challenge, good music, and to play a role in a good story with engaging characters. Supergiant delivers, once again"
76561198357831799,Recommended,462770,34801760,Posted: 7 September,all,✪ ANGELwithAshotgun,"This is one of the best games of 2017 by far. I have only been playing the game for a couple of hours, but I have already fallen in love with the games graphics and brilliant storyline. The visuals the game has to offer are completly unique and beautifuly hand drawn. From the wide range of characters to chose from, each has their own personality and you get to connect with them through the choices you make, as they impact on how the characters will react. If you enjoy singleplayer storymode games, then I strongly suggest you pick this game up, it's at such a reasonable price as well.P.S. Sorry for my bad English, spelling was never my strong side."
76561198411687369,Recommended,462770,34831498,Posted: 9 September,all,vera.sf,"absolutely gorgeous, Darren Korb's music is godlike as always. thank you supergiant games for this wonderful journey"
76561198107272477,Recommended,462770,34857342,Posted: 10 September,all,Gregmcc,"Supergiant has done it again, with what i think is their best game to date. I understand that this game may not be for everyone, but if youre even slightly interested in getting it, i highly recommend you buy it. Theres not much i can say that hasnt been said. It has another amazing soundtrack (to be expected from Supergiant), beautiful visuals, a well thought out story line, an interseting world, and some of the most interseting, deep, entertaining, endearing and likable characters that ive ever seen in a game. 9.5/10"
76561198070014655,Recommended,462770,34865189,Posted: 10 September,all,Chef Medic,"Listen, I'm not good with reviews, but I'm taking the small amount of effort to give a brief summary of what an amazing work of god damn art this game is.It's just so good. SO good. It's indescribably good.I'm a lore buff, and I get deeply involved in narrative storytelling, so this is an absolute dream. The gameplay of the Rites themselves is so much fun, and I enjoy using Rukey's Cloud Jump to absolutely humiliate every other Triumvirate.Just get it. You're missing out on something huge if you don't."
76561198025376281,Recommended,462770,34866912,Posted: 10 September,all,reduxredux,"I am always excited for a new game from Supergiant.  They hit a home run out of the gate with Bastion, tweaked that formula into something new with Transistor, and are now back with Pyre.  All three are expertly designed from the art and music to the gameworld and gameplay.Pyre has a lot in common with Bastion and Transistor, but Supergiant is never content to do the same thing twice.  The art in Pyre is colorful and diffuse, mixing digital ink and watercolor with oversaturated smoke and visual effects.  The character portraits and 3D animations have their own style too.  All together it's a little messy yet gloriously colorful and unique.  The music and narration are as good as in previous games.As far as gameplay, Pyre is a mix of roguelite choose-your-own adventure, Bastion's hubworld, and competitive sports.  It reminded me most of a game that owes a lot to Supergiant, Moonhunters, which scratched some of the same itches but wasn't quite as polished.  Instead of the usual weapon-focused action-RPG microlevels, Pyre is based around a short but intense 3-on-3 ball game.I don't know what else to compare Pyre's gameplay to besides ""Fantasy NBA Jam.""  Your team of 3 players is trying to get a magical orb into the opponent's flaming hoop.  You can pass, shoot, or dunk, but if you get in the way of another player you'll get fouled or knocked down.  Getting hit puts you out of the game for a brief period of time.  Every character has a unique skill set, including their own jump, tackle, and turbo boost.  You can level up each player to unlock skills and abilities that add new wrinkles to the gameplay.   It's like Space Jam set in a mysterious psychedelic purgatory.The story and conversation system will be familiar to players of Supergiant's games (and again, very similar to Moonhunters, which I recommend to those of you who play local co-op with controllers).  Lots of reviewers compared it to a visual novel, which makes it sound boring, but I didn't find it obtrusive at all.  You're clicking through a story and making choices in between the arena battles, but it's as much gameplay as you'll find in something like Persona or Final Fantasy.If you've played Bastion or Transistor, this will be a familar game.  Those were more similar to each other, achieving a certain flavor of action-RPG nirvana, but Pyre is a welcome addition to the stable.  It takes a minute to pick up all of the rules of the Ritual battles, but once you get used to the somewhat wonky rules  - Supergiant loves their bespoke control systems - you'll be having tons of fun and maybe even get in the mood to dial up NBA Jam on an emulator.  I haven't finished the game yet but it looks to be a similar length to Bastion and Transistor, which is to say just long enough to beat and get 90-100% completion before you think about getting tired of it.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,462770,34924436,Posted: 13 September,all,So Manly,"This game is incredible. The gameplay is a bizarre mix of religious ceremony/sporting event/choose your own adventure. The art is colorful, detailed, and gorgeous. The sound design and music is superb. The level of agency you have to effect the eventual ending of the story is wonderful. Most of all though, the characters and setting are beyond fantastic. I know Supergiant games may never do sequels, and we're honestly better for less sequels in the world, but I *need* to spend more time in this world.tl;dr woke my girlfriend up at 5 AM ugly crying at how much emotion this ♥♥♥♥ing game has packed into it. would repeat."
76561198048245622,Recommended,462770,34913284,Posted: 12 September,all,Dradem,"I had lots of fun,but one game breaking crash,had to switch from fullscreen to borderless windowed to advance the story"
76561197990554311,Recommended,462770,34891493,Posted: 11 September,all,Terry Gross,"Beautiful art, dope soundtrack, engaging characters, robust gameplay. Whats not to like?"
76561198025027746,Recommended,462770,34894091,Posted: 11 September,all,cpiitzer,"Many people are confused going into Pyre, as the game defies rigid genre classification. It's a game made of two separate parts - a 3v3 sportsball component, called the Rites, which serves as most of the gameplay proper, and a visual novel component reminiscent of Oregon Trail that ties together the Rites. Though it might seem to be a multiplayer-focused game at first glance, it is a single-player experience through and through (albeit with some local multiplayer postgame content.)The Rites start off simple but escalate rapidly in difficulty. I found initially that the Rites were a tad easy on normal, but the game is really just trying to introduce the mechanics of the various races that you and enemy teams are made up of. Once the game hits about a third of the way through, the difficulty bumps up and I found myself struggling against teams that earlier seemed like pushovers. Supergiant fans will recall Bastion/Transistor's ""make the game harder to increase XP gain"" mechanic, and that makes a reappearance as well, for those who find even the hard mode to be not challenging enough. One in particular only increases AI reaction speed and coordination, for those who want to keep the Rites on an even playing field.Players have the option to upgrade your characters, both with levels and held items. These upgrades range from simple numbers tweaks (% Quickness, for example, enhancing your character's movement speed) to entirely new mechanics (transformations, second jumps, and dropping portals that allow characters to teleport around the playing field.) Thankfully, most upgrades fall under the second camp, and I often found myself with significant new tools to play around with for every single Rite. The game also encourages rotating around the roster and presents compelling story reasons to draft certain characters for certain Rites, so despite the bulk of the gameplay consisting of the Rites, I never felt I was playing the same game twice.AI was a concern after Supergiant's previous offerings. Those who played Transistor might recall that the final boss, while narratively and presentation-wise very compelling, had a crummy AI that really didn't play intelligently. This is definitely solved in Pyre - enemy teams will exploit your weak positioning, waiting for opportunities by trying to snipe one of your players and turn the Rite into a temporary 2v3. Teams play to their strengths - mobile teams will run circles around you, and bulky teams will repeatedly block attempts on their goal. Luckily, the game gives a brief overview of your adversaries' strengths before you put together your team, so you can counterpick certain strategies. The one nitpick that I have with the AI is that it doesn't necessarily take advantage of its own upgrades too much, but generally I think the AI specs into stats more than extra abilities, so it's not a problem during story mode.The story is excellent, in the Supergiant tradition, but it is a visual novel, so those without the stomach for a bit of reading will initially feel a bit alienated. However, the mandatory dialogues needed to progress the plot are actually fairly minimal for a VN. The vast majority of text in the game is optional - a lore book that expands on the world's history, and little character interactions that you can open up after choosing to travel to certain areas, face certain foes, or pair up certain characters in the Rites. It's hard to further expand on the story without giving away some plot points, but keep in mind that, unlike Bastion and Transistor, the story is very, very nonlinear, and what you do in the Rites will matter just as much as the story decisions you make outside of them.Art and OST are spectacular, as expected from the dev. Jen Zee supplements the painterly style of previous games with an assortment of pen-and-ink style overlays and psychedelic hues that makes traveling the overworld a visual delight and imbues the Rites themselves with an appropriate sense of gravitas. Darren Korb's OST is more in the style of Bastion's twangy strings, mixed with some minstrel vibes, but the procedural music generation (recall the hum button of Transistor) returns in full force and combines with story beats to create some really emotionally poignant scenes near the end.What really makes the game shine, though, is all the work put into the little details. Little acquired interactables inside your traveling wagon let you set up a minature rave, the jukebox feature returns with acoustic covers of every song on the OST, and a full-fledged local multiplayer mode lets you try out rosters with the entire cast and all upgrades available. The only qualm I had was the lack of online multiplayer, but that might be too much to ask from a game with so much value in the single-player campaign (I clocked 20 hours on first run, and another ~15 on the second.)"
76561198027152387,Recommended,462770,34964784,Posted: 14 September,all,TheBostonTap,"If you find yourself struggling to remain interested in visual novels or games where the story is the main emphasis and the gameplay is usually a minor fixture of the game, I'm gonna recommend you do not get Pyre. It is a wonderful story, with beautiful set pieces and gameplay that can be both easy to grab and somewhat difficult to master, but if you can't find the will to sit and read and listen to the story the game puts before you, then you're not gonna find enjoyment in the game and you'll probably be like me, acknowledging the message, the set pieces and the characters of the game, but knowing there isn't a whole lot in the gameplay section and just being bored with it."
76561198055208369,Recommended,462770,34892575,Posted: 11 September,all,Zoomander,Sir Gilman for President10/10 Would only Free Tizo Again
76561198064583590,Recommended,462770,34898436,Posted: 12 September,all,vvhtsn,Maybe I cried at the endMaybe I didn'tI totally did tho
,Recommended,462770,34900507,Posted: 12 September,all,DjBigBear,I have no words for this masterpiece... it's boldly out of the box and yet so beautiful.
76561198355354060,Recommended,462770,34940943,Posted: 13 September,all,Buddy Jarrett,I finished this game it was quite enjoyable.
76561198027114945,Recommended,462770,34940766,Posted: 13 September,all,Jarxley,I just finished it  and in my opinion it was really great game xD I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,462770,35171310,Posted: 23 September,all,MexCFood,"World, characters, story and music is all very engaging.  Although I wasn't excited about the gameplay (rites,) they were a lot more fun and exciting than expected.  If you're a fan of the depth and feeling from Bastion and Transistor, I strongly recommend; well worth the the $20 price tag."
,Recommended,462770,35147267,Posted: 23 September,all,Producer,"Great gameplay coupled with an excellent story and worldbuilding. As of August 23, 2017, this would probably be my personal ""Game of the Year."""
,Recommended,462770,35073153,Posted: 19 September,all,gi99les,"Okay so, after writing the review I left below, I sort of felt like a wuss for backing down, especially since I tend to think I never like to back down for a challenge. So after a restful night after writing said review, I loaded up Pyre again and continued on. I don't know what the hell happened, but during the next rite, everything clicked. The cumbersome controls suddenly all resonated with each finger press, and I was able to actually outsmart the A.I by doing certain maneuvers, even on hard mode (the biggest reason for my negative review below.)""Wow gi99les, it took you 4-5 hours to get used to the controls?""Yes. Yes it did. Isometric RPG's (Supergiant's Forte) are not a genre I play very often. Pyre originally frustrated me because I felt that I was being left in the dust because I could not get used to the controls well enough to combat the A.I.So basically, my point is: to anyone with my past predicament, PLEASE continue on. You WILL get used to the controls, and you will then FULLY appreciate the enjoyment that is to be gotten out of Pyre.Pyre is probably not my favorite Supergiant game (It's REALLY hard to beat Transistor in my eyes,) but It is surely one of the most unique games I have EVER played. This being a Supergiant game, I already knew the music and storytelling aspects would be top notch, and I was right on the money. The story is incredibly well written, having different scenarios written for the different choices you make, making you feel the weight of your decisions. The Rites take a little while to get used to, but once you do, you'll feel unstoppable, even with 12 Titan Stars enabled (This games version of the difficulty modifiers that Supergiant are known for putting in their games.)Basically, don't be a fool like I was, and possibly miss one of Supergiants most ambitious projects to date. They have released another masterpiece to their portfolio and I will ambitiously await their next game with wallets at the ready.ORIGINAL REVIEW BELOW (For reference)____________________________________I WANT TO REITERATE THAT MY REVIEW IS BASED ON THE EXPECTATION OF THE HARD MODE DIFFICULTY FOR NEW PLAYERS. IF YOU PLAY PYRE ON NORMAL OR EASY, YOU ARE PROBABLY NOT GOING TO EXPERIENCE THE SAME GRIEVANCES I DETAIL BELOW.I. Love. Supergiant. I have 23/24 of the achievements from Bastion, and all the achievements from Transistor. It is clear from the start that Supergiant put a lot of love and care into the creation of Pyre, and the storytelling and artwork are on a whole nother level of engagement and beauty, but what ruins Pyre for me is the Rites (The main gameplay aspect of Pyre.)I want to clarify that I usually play games on the hardest difficulty possible whenever I get the opportunity, so I set it to Hard. It just seems as I progress through the story that the A.I gets cheaper and more strategic while the player struggles to keep up with everything going onscreen. The story progresses whether you win or lose, but if you hate losing, I feel that Pyre will frustrate you to levels you didn't even know you were capable of. I understand you're really not supposed to win them all, but the difficulty curve RAMPS UP TOO QUICKLY from rite to rite. The Rite with Udmildhe nearly made me shatter my desk in half, and that's only 10~% of the game! If this early on I'm getting schooled by the AI, then I honestly do not want to progress through the rest of it.You can argue that the hard mode is for when you beat the game on the easier difficulty and ""master"" the game so to speak, but If so, then why didn't Supergiant implement the NG+ mechanic from Bastion and Transistor? Why allow us to play on the hardest difficulty if the AI is just going to abuse the sensory overload players get from trying to keep track? I love Pyre's world, but as a game, I cannot recommend it."
76561198027049835,Recommended,462770,35266624,Posted: 28 September,all,Donchippo,Another wonderful game. Supergiant's catalogue of amazing titles just keeps on growing.
,Recommended,462770,34979007,Posted: 15 September,all,daniuse,"I have no words to describe the game.This is one of that things that stay with you, that make you want to live."
76561198314420297,Recommended,462770,34974619,Posted: 15 September,all,Lankton1012,By far my favorite game of 2017 and my new favorite game of all time.
,Recommended,462770,34988523,Posted: 15 September,all,Joe Kurr,"Great art, gameplay and really unique. I'll remember this."
76561198054375915,Recommended,462770,35029408,Posted: 17 September,all,Super Vlad,The story and soundtrack are like no other. Keep it up Supergiant!
76561198002315846,Recommended,462770,35011152,Posted: 16 September,all,Flame of Anor,"This game is an accomplishment in art, music (as was to be expected) and game design. It may start easy but quickly becomes a challenge to quick reactions and a strategic mind. The journey you experience in this game is none that is easily forgotten. Not recommended if you hate emotions or reading."
76561197993433180,Recommended,462770,34981096,Posted: 15 September,all,Dstolt,"Pyre is a triumph.Set in a beautiful and surreal purgatory, this visual novel/NBA Jam hybrid with RPG elements (yes, you read that right) confronts the player with meaningful choices containing real narrative consequences. It is a world in which there are no perfect outcomes, but there is beauty every step of the way.I'm the kind of person who will reload a saved game in order to change a dialogue option that didn't go exactly how I wanted it. In Pyre, you can't go back; all of your decisions, your victories, and your defeats are permanent. And not once did I want to undo anything or wish I had made a different choice. That's how well the story is written.If you enjoy reading, beautiful music and sound design, gorgeous art, or high-stakes 3v3 RPG basketball, pick this one up. You'll be in good hands."
76561198102776288,Recommended,462770,35059278,Posted: 18 September,all,Fauxesune,"All my yes. This game's story is immersive and compelling. I was genuinely sorry to part with many of the characters I sent ""home."" Also, unlike many other reviews I have seen I rather enjoyed the game within the game (i.e. all the bits that don't play like a visual novel). I found that it was enticing. I do reccommend for it that you change a key binding or two to make it more comfortable which will make it much more enjoyable."
76561197961485482,Recommended,462770,35074784,Posted: 19 September,all,Radical Shnag,"Really cool story driven adventure game about conflict and redemption with a phenominal soundtrack. There is a lot of reading involved, which I found myself skipping dialogue near the end for the characters I wasn't invested in but at no point did I want to put the game down."
,Recommended,462770,35080509,Posted: 20 September,all,ggjazzpotato,"Pyre plays a lot more like the Banner Saga series than it does Bastion or Transistor, but with more more emphasis on choice and what you are willing to sacrifice for the characters you meet than it does combat, like a visual novel. The sports-like gameplay can be challenging, but refreshing as it contrasts the otherwise text heavy story. However, the most important thing about Pyre is that you need to really want to sift through the text and take your time to appreciate the relationships between all the characters, because if you only make choices based on what will make the combat easier, or you skim though certain choices without weighing them much, you'll miss out on a lot things. I'm still on my first playthrough, and I already want to replay this game."
76561198009735627,Recommended,462770,35139813,Posted: 22 September,all,Paperjack,"I must say that this game really inspired me. It is minimalistic, but very immersive, with exceptional storytelling and graphic style and that is why I liked it so much. I already played Transistor from these devs and enjoyed it, but Pyre is a better game and even puts many AAA titles to shame. I might not be for everyone (it has quite a unique gameplay), but is certainly is for those who are not afraid to try something new and enjoy a well written story in their games. I must applaud to the devs and thank you for making this game :)"
76561198027369973,Recommended,462770,35357785,Posted: 30 September,all,Flying Noodle,"Wow... yet again, Supergiant Games has created a masterpiece. When I started playing Pyre, I was at first put off by its apparent simplicity and wacky characters. Yet as I continued playing, I discovered more and more complexity to the gameplay, and grew to love the characters in my party, each with their own backstory and motivations.It's rare for a game to actually suck you in as much as Pyre... you'll care about all of your companions, and each decision you make about who to keep and who to send away will be very difficult. But both during the game and in the end, your choices really do matter, and the conclusion was more than satisfactory in tying off all loose ends and giving closure about what happened to all the characters.Just get this game, and let yourself be absorbed by the wonderful story and - as always from this company - beautiful music."
76561198163478472,Recommended,462770,35358199,Posted: 30 September,all,Kaishiooo,Beautiful game
,Recommended,462770,35349640,Posted: 30 September,all,Squirrely,"Pyre is another fantastic addition to the Supergiant catalog.Like Transistor before it, Pyre bends the boundaries of what genres games can fit in.A great musical score and flexibility in the story to adapt to what fates befall your triumvirate."
,Recommended,462770,35352020,Posted: 30 September,all,Jakobis,"As someone who absolutely loved Bastion, who liked Transistor but was ultimately disappointed, and who saw the trailer for Pyre and thought it looked stupid, the game is fantastic. Mechanically, it's very different from Bastion and Transistor, but at it's core, it's a great game with all the great things you can espect from Super Giant Games, like amazing visuals, great setting, fantastic music, and a polished and well paced experience. I whole-heartedly recommend this game who is remotely interested."
,Recommended,462770,35334253,Posted: 30 September,all,shanister,"Overall, it's a great game, and a great story.It took me a while, to start and enjoy the game. There were too many things which really bothered me at the beginning. But once I've overcome \ learned to ignore them, the story was rich and interesting, and the battles were fun and challenging.I can't give it a negative review since I really got into it, and really wanted to know how everything will end. So despite its many cons, it was a gg.The things I didn't like:+ A lot of text. None of the characters speak, they just make noises. You have to read a lot throughout the game. I really don't like it in games. When I want to read, I grab a book. Most of the text is important for the plot and for the choices you make, so if you play the game, you must read.+ Except for the battles, the game is really static. It's point and click, and there's not much to click.+ They tried to make the game with full controller support - In my opinion, it's not fun, and not playable with controller. I have an x-box controller, and I switched back to my mouse and keyboard. The battle mechanism is controller oriented, the rest of the game, is point and click. It's a nightmare with a controller.+ The soundtrack. Supergiant games have the most amazing soundtracks. This one is not as goodThe things I liked:+ The story is really good. I enjoyed every second of it (and I hate the reading). They really thought it through, and your actions affect the story. You may have a completely different plot through the choices you make and your rites outcomes.+ The rights \ battle mechanism is challenging and diverse. Plenty of heroes, battlegrounds and enemies.+ It's really nice that there's a vs mode, to play with friends. It would have been nicer if it was online, and not just local."
76561198042202404,Recommended,462770,35267727,Posted: 28 September,all,Phil11,"Great Game, Amazing Soundtrag, and free updates from one of the most genuine companies in the gaming industry right now."
76561198035148747,Recommended,462770,35364913,Posted: 30 September,all,IAmGod,Really great storyline that was easy to get in to. Also the gameplay is really fun for a twist on sports games
,Recommended,462770,35379116,Posted: 1 October,all,Bankrotas,"God damn it. I don't know how, but Supergiant keeps doing it.Sure at start, it doesn't grab you, if you're not enthused by the gameplay, it doesn't feel something special and at times frustrating. The requirement to read to some might be annoying and not worth the effort, but it's part of what makes the payout for the investment feel so rewarding.All in all, gameplay doesn't change much and if you don't like it at the start, it won't be much better in the end. It has intertwined options to story, but in the end it will all still depend on it's simplicity.Story I can't tell you about, because it's MY story and no one else's. I don't want to know how exactly it was done, but so it feels and to ME myself it is what I wanted, what I strived for and the outcome I got is nothing short of greatness. To others, it might not be so. Especially if you like to be told a story, rather being one that helps craft it.Therefore, I believe this game is for someone who can ignore or deal with gameplay irritations for sake of crafting a story with a payout."
,Recommended,462770,35375128,Posted: 1 October,all,Rezeak,"More visual novel than game, it has some issues but when all said and done it is an experience/story I'm really glad I didn't miss and it still has the moments of perfection where gameplay/story/music fuse together perfectly like there other games."
,Recommended,462770,35385168,Posted: 1 October,all,Actua,"Read the other reviews, most of them explain what you get into. Not a game for everyone, I loved it.A game that leaves you with emptiness when you are done.. Striving for more..Well done, Supergiant Games!"
76561198066642247,Recommended,462770,35394731,Posted: 1 October,all,Sotheus,"Pyre is one of those games that as soon as I seen the first trailer for it. I knew I needed it. Pyre is one of the best games I've played this year, and it deserves all of the good praise it is getting. A great story, a fantastic style of gameplay, and multiple routes  to go in that dictates a completely different playthrough each, and every time."
,Recommended,462770,35404825,Posted: 1 October,all,MrSlapHappy,"A beautiful world full of interesting and colorful characters. Journey with your team across the lands to win your freedom back. I enjoyed the presentation, the characters and the art. All of this backed by another fantastic soundtrack. I found the actual ""fantasy basketball"" play to be a little repetitive and never quite cracked the systems. The whole package is well worth the 15 or so hours it took me to finish it."
,Recommended,462770,35314767,Posted: 29 September,all,ArcticRunner,"Short and simply this game is beautiful. The story is engaging with all great characters (both your team and other teams), fun gameplay that is easy to pick up but tough to master with lots of replayablity and of course another beautiful soundtrack that you will never get tired of! If you get this game please get the soundtrack edition, you will never regret it."
76561198064558690,Recommended,462770,35316062,Posted: 29 September,all,Odahviing,"I just got this game today and I am hooked.This is such a brilliant game, whilst the gameplay itself is fairly simplistic, it is the story and how player choices affect the plot that is the true driving force of this game. different companions have various troubles and each has their own personality, background and personal trials that they must overcome. Even the opponants and the side characters all have their backgrounds and personalities, this is a game that gets you really invested in the characters.The gameplay is a mix of ball game and 3 vs 3 combat, each team is made up of a maximum of 3 combatents, each having their own atributes and abilities that can help you secure victory which requires strategic use of abilities and picking the right team for the right challenge. You ccan also equip each of your companions with a talisman which often provide bonus traits, such as moving faster or having a longer range attack.As far as content goes, you will find a wealth of it here. So far I have spent 8 hours in the game and have only finished the first part of the campaign. As well as the campaign (which by the way has various different pathways that you can choose and can be played more than once), there are vs matches that can be played against other players or AI opponants, there are various difficulty settings, ranging from easy to moderate, to extreamly hard.Overall, I would highly reccomend this game, but pick it up for yourself and make your own mkind up."
,Recommended,462770,35323224,Posted: 29 September,all,Dr. Holliday,"As a huge Supergiant Games fan, I still hold Bastion as my favorite game that this team has made. However, I would consider this to be tied for second place with Transistor.The story is simultaneously very clever/ambitious but also the least interesting part of the game. The game can best be described as a sports/action game with some visual novel-ry in between to complete a narrative. Additionally, there is no ""fail-state"" in this game: if you lose a match, that's part of the story now! (Unless you reload a previous save to cover up your shame).The music is as wonderful as always from the amazing Darren Korb and Ashley Barrett (as well as the unique art style Supergiant is known for); Supergiant has also recently released an update that includes *even more* music (as well as a more intense version of the campaign for veteran players).The gameplay itself is very fun and tasks you with building out a team of 3 players in a quasi-soccer/rugby/football match that allows you to temporarily buff/banish enemies or yourself depending on how you use your team's strengths and cover their weaknesses. Very fun experimenting with strategies to counter very different opponents and use new skills as you level up.Absolutely worth picking up-- eagerly waiting for their next title."
,Recommended,462770,35323134,Posted: 29 September,all,MsRandom1401,"Nice visual novel element, music, storyline, and artwork. And also this game got talking doge with a funky mustache."
76561197972376666,Recommended,462770,35317092,Posted: 29 September,all,Zairus,"With Pyre, Supergiant proves once again that their attention to detail and the craftsmanship of making games is unmatched.  Pyre is easily their most ambitious project yet, and it does not disappoint.  With a wonderful cast of characters, amazing soundtrack, and well-designed gameplay - you can't go wrong giving Pyre some of your time."
,Recommended,462770,35348520,Posted: 30 September,all,Nimloth of Númenor,"Supergiant Games are becoming a favorited Game Developer after this addition to their fantastic catalog of games. Pyre's story is very well thought out, the game play challenges every time, and the artistry and music carry me into the crafted world on wings. This is a must-have for any gamer who loves a great story that collaborates beatufiul art and music."
,Recommended,462770,35404317,Posted: 1 October,all,Catalyst,"Wow, This game blew me away. The soundtrack fits perfectly in every situation in the game"
,Recommended,462770,35422339,Posted: 2 October,all,Hermit,"Another amazing game from Supergiant, with yet another amazing soundtrack."
76561198118778076,Recommended,462770,35443773,Posted: 3 October,all,brian.clavo,The combat is actually really fun and challenging! I also love the characters and the lore. Its really different from Transistor and Bastion but thats a good thing!
76561198412009108,Recommended,462770,35450329,Posted: 3 October,all,yves.benay+*****,"gorgeouss game, great characters you'll get invested in and fun sports-y gameplay"
76561198090963252,Recommended,462770,35422301,Posted: 2 October,all,hnukkwe,Super Giant killed it again
,Recommended,462770,35428318,Posted: 2 October,all,Zldw,"For me one the best game this year.About the game itself, while the gameplay is very fun and the visuals absolutely magnific, what truly charmed me is the OST and the voices (like the others Supergiant games).A unforgetable experience."
,Recommended,462770,35430184,Posted: 2 October,all,pokket,"I believe Pyre has my favorite cast of characters since Final Fantasy IX, possibly even beats it. In FF9 I felt that some characters you never got to spend enough time with or were thrown to the waistside a bit, mostly Amarant and Eiko due to their late joining to the party, but in Pyre I never had this issue. Instead it was more the difficulty of not wanting a character to leave too soon and battling with the idea of knowing they should and they deserve it. I love the way Supergiant did this especially, it poses such an interesting internal conflict as you play. And characters that do join your party late you get to spend more than ample time with."
76561198087051770,Recommended,462770,35425290,Posted: 2 October,all,Yuki Hideyasu,Fun Game
76561198007392388,Recommended,462770,35268265,Posted: 28 September,all,theren,"I had no idea what I was going to get when I bought this. I loved Bastion and Transistor. Not because of the gameplay, but just the style, how they delivered. And while those two are somewhat similiar Pyre is completly different. It'S different gameplay. I've heard it described as a sportsgame with RPG elements and I think thats pretty fitting And I love it.I played it with keyboard and mouse as well as with controller and I think, while my mouse was good enough, controller just felt better. Smoother."
,Recommended,462770,35307041,Posted: 29 September,all,tub,one of the best and most unique game experiences you'll ever havebuy it
,Recommended,462770,35398813,Posted: 1 October,all,14bux,"I don't often do reviews. But this game is an exception. If I had just one argument to make for video games being an art form, I would offer Supergiant. Every one of their games bleeds color, character and story, with the game mechanics lending themselves to all of these. Anyways.I finished my first campaign of Pyre in one day. Rather, almost 13 hours of one day. I don't regret it at all. At first this game comes off as strange, with Rites being an oddball form of basketball. However, you quickly get used to how it works and it becomes really fun! The different ""classes"" may not appeal to all, but I am certain there is one for you. The game has you play with others now and then too, and you get used to swappping your favorites over time. The only gripe I have with the Rites is that the AI for the campaign ranges from ""a tough fight"" to ""I'm fighting bricks"".The real reason to play this game is the story. In their most ambitious project yet, Supergiant gives a large cast deep characterization. Really, any one of these characters could be the main character in their own game. By digging into each of your teammate's backstories, you learn more about their morality and struggles as exiles. You grow attached to them over time, which makes giving them up that much harder even though they're technically becoming liberated from exile. This game will make you feel warm inside then RIP it away and ask you to start building that warmth again.Finally, I'd like to give thanks to Darren Korb and Ashley Barrett. The music is just what you've come to expect from Bastion and Transistor. It's not traditional game music, but it. Is. Excellent. Each enemy has unique battle themes, along with each region and each character (and more!). My personal favorite is ""Thrash Pack"" for the Dissidents, but every track will surprise you with quality if you've never played a Supergiant game before.Overall, I cannot reccomend this game enough. And when you buy it, BUY IT WITH THE SOUNDTRACK. It's also on YouTube, but this creator deserves your support. 10/10"
76561197974216918,Recommended,462770,35453872,Posted: 3 October,all,Dan Thirteen,"Great little game, even without the storytelling just the games of 'basketball'/the rites are fun, the pickup non campaign games add enough to it to make it worthwhile and certainly worth it when on promo etc."
,Recommended,462770,35453911,Posted: 3 October,all,Dokuro,♡♡♡( ◡‿◡ )
,Recommended,462770,35454705,Posted: 3 October,all,DA GIT,"This is not like Bastion or Transistor, but it is just as amazing as they are. The story itself is twisting and will always keep you invested in the characters. The gameplay is unique. It will keep you on your tows and make you stress at certain times but it is always well worth it. also YOUR CHOICES MATTER. No joke, if you make the wrong choice it will leave you with a feeling of guilt and shame. Now the Music. The Music is always fantastic in these games, I prefer the music in Bastion and Transistor, however I will recomend the vagrant song, and the main ost (when the stars align or somthing like that).Art 10/10Story 9.5/10 (almost perfect, feels slow then speeds up really fast)Music (supergiant game standards) 8.5/10 too much background music, not enough Lyrics.Characters 10/10 (Dynamic, you care about them)Combat 8/10 (fun to play, heartpounding, rewarding, but it feels as though the controls are a bit quirky at times)Overall 9.7 out of ten (my math does not add up, who cares)TLDR Hard to pit against Bastion or Transistor because Pyre is so very different. But still a masterwork. Would love to see what SGG is up to next!"
76561198044335481,Recommended,462770,35457606,Posted: 3 October,all,Lean,"very many fun good time good challenge bUT, so annoyed with this bug that happens every time i get an achievement >>>:( hope it'll get fixed soon"
,Recommended,462770,35457794,Posted: 3 October,all,Hydragyrum,"This game is dripping with atmosphere. The art is amazing, the music just fits perfectly, and the narrator during the rites is just awesome.The rites themselves are a sort of sport wherein you must douse the enemy's pyre (aka score) before they douse yours. Each character has their own special moveset, but you can only control one at a time; The rest stay still. The whole package is surprisingly coherent, and extremely fun to play!The story is very much present, though the exposition is possibly a bit lacking, having to scroll through blocks of text. Even so, the writing is top notch, and I want to explore more of this strange world they built."
,Recommended,462770,35459851,Posted: 3 October,all,Boulton,"Having just completed the story-line, I have thoroughly enjoyed my time with Pyre.  It's a very story focused game; you find yourself immersed in the world and the lovable team mates you travel with,  which is frequently chopped up by action packed matches which the story is based around known as ""Rites"" (The Pyre universes own sport, where teams compete for there chance to regain their freedom and return to there homeland, thus relinquishing banishment) which allow for you to experience epic excitement preventing the game from ever becoming stale.  I found myself becoming utterly immersed in the games world, as the game does a great job of merging the playable character with the player which allows you to feel as a genuine part of the world which earnt the game major points from me. There are a wide variety of endings available, all being dependant on the choices made throughout AND how many Rite matches were won during the playthrough; this allows for massive replayability and having the new difficulty mode (Nightwing) being added ensures you get your moneys worth.  When it comes to the games soundtrack I don't think i could compliment the developers enough on selecting perfect songs to fit in with environments, certain characters and dramatic moments in order to alter your mood in such a way that makes every moment epicly unique to one another.  I highly recommend Pyre as you may be able to tell; and contender for best indie game of 2017 in my opinion."
76561198052195057,Recommended,462770,35459382,Posted: 3 October,all,Qdrophenia,"Another stunning game from Supergiant. A visual, audial treat and a masterclass in taking a simple idea and achieving unbelievable depth."
,Recommended,462770,35480591,Posted: 4 October,all,AlbertMelfo,"One of the strongest emotional connections I've ever had from with a game came from Pyre. Beautiful art, music, and engaging gameplay (which you can set to a very easy setting if you just want the story) make this game a must buy for almost anyone. You can get a lot out of the mechanics if you want to go that direction, but the journey you go on and the relationships you make with the characters is what makes this such a strong game. Pick it up, even for full price. Worth it."
,Recommended,462770,35479851,Posted: 4 October,all,Spredozz,"I loved playing Pyre it was a great game, the story did interest me but i was more interested in the actual rites instead of the story. Normally I just skip through dialouge but in this game I actually took my time to read through every bit of dialouge and even read through the book of rites and It was an enjoyable read.There is potential for replayability however I felt satisfied with one playthrough.I will rate this game 9/10 personally just sometimes a slog to get through all the text which is expected ofc with such a game"
76561198068723028,Recommended,462770,35478919,Posted: 4 October,all,Sea Weasel,Pyre: The game of Celestial Grifball with a plot.
76561198035711484,Recommended,462770,35480947,Posted: 4 October,all,luk0i,"Done and done.That was a great journey! Thank You Supergiant!Great history and not so easy choices, touching ending. I am sure I will try the game one more time.I must say I was very afraid about Pyreball segment. I am not so young and my fingers anre not so quicky....But I managed to do this and I must say I got a lot of fun in this part of game. Combinig exiles sometimes gave me totally unexpected results and was really cool.Once again, thank You and NOXALAS! :D"
76561198026695921,Recommended,462770,35463268,Posted: 3 October,all,A Squirrel,"The story is excellently told, and really gets you into the heads of the characters. The gameplay of the rites is fluid and fun, and has some solid replay value as well. Highly enjoyable experiance all around."
76561198208196460,Recommended,462770,35474633,Posted: 4 October,all,Sang,"-Good graphic design as expect from supergiant-note to Super giant fan , Gameplay is different from Bastion and trasistor.I will divide in two sectionstory is like a Visual Novel / Choose your own adventureas far as I try.does not have skip already  read text , auto text or scroll back to read previous textsome what tedious if you want to play mutiple play through.Rite(kinda like combat but in a peacful way) real-time strategy and puzzlish. It's have unique touch on it own.can feel casual or intense depend on difficulty mode and add on risk-reward option (like on Bastion and Trasistor)but most of the time it's does not have hardcore feeling.I will not comment on balance  cause it would take huge load of time to truely test it and it matter only when most of thing set to really hard.the gameplay is deal breaker, I suggest look into it , (like on youtube) before you buy.- still have mini game challenge like on Bastion and Transistor that give player some reward back.-it's not rouge-like , NG+ did not give bonus . just access to harder mode.-story is Great  but vague. It's give basic information enough to know what going on this universe but not too inform in detail.some part might need your own imagination or interpret.mutiple path mutiple ending . (200,000+ end as I remember Dev said in forum but as my own perspective ,most of them is combination of slightly variant)story telling style is still like previous Supergiant game with different theme .-Sound and  music is fine , from the same Darren as previous Supergiant game.but I still prefer OST from trasistor.-minimal bug as I experience very low compare too other game I play .maybe crash one time in 2 play through (and I do a lot of multiple task , open other thing on back ground , use wierd sound device setup)other one is minor  that met on  almost end , the"" book of rite""  rigth page text  does show on dialoge that only appear on last afterword chapter. no significant to gameplay. just a bite of story that harder to read.-Vesus mode , I did not play so no commentthe rest you can just watch the trailer and decise.btw , not recommend to buy DLC OST . cause I don't like it that much.good for in-game get really emotional but not that good to listen on daily basic."
,Recommended,462770,35473458,Posted: 4 October,all,Daitan'na Hana,"It has become my favourite Supergiant game. Compared to the other games you have to read much more, since you yourself are the narrator, but there are more characters and every single one of them is unique. Artstyle is as grand as ever and I personally like the fantasy, fairytail style a lot. The lore behind the world is fantastic too and there is a lot of flavour text. I was sceptical of the gameplay, since it seemed rather bland, but surprisingly it has a lot of depth too it and you can even play against other people. It even has replay value and every single character has diffrent endings.One last thing it seems like many people do not like to read and complain that it's a visual novel. I think people who dislike books should not consider playing it."
,Recommended,462770,35483719,Posted: 4 October,all,I'm A Couch,"It's like a visual novel mixed with fantasy basketball and an rpg.On the visual novel side the writing is excellent.  Specifically the lore is good, but the real star is the characters.  Every single team member ended up being of at least of some interest which is saying a lot given the size of the roster.  Additionally you will every now and then be called upon to make decisions that will both greatly effect your ending and the other characters in your group.The actual gameplay portion mostly consists of getting a ball from one side of the field to the other.  Every character has unique abilities and stats to help you acheive this task.  These abilities can be expanded through a branching leveling system.  While the game starts easy (I played on normal difficutly.) it slowly ramps up to the point where almost every match has a solid chance of your opponent winning. (Note, your opponents can win and it's not a game over, it just causes the story to progress differently.)  If you however are better at this game then me and still aren't feeling a challenge, you have two choices to make it harder on yourself.  First you can just increase the difficulty level which there is four of, or you can invoke a titan star.  When the titan stars are invoked your opponents get a large advantage, but if you still succede you get a larger prize.Also of note as usual, SuperGiant games did great on the soundtrack.Really only complaint I have is that I wish they would have spaced some of the more lore heavy parts apart.Probably one of my favorite games I've played this year.  Would definitely recommend to anyone who is really into story, world building, or weird fantasy sports."
,Recommended,462770,35483859,Posted: 4 October,all,オバマラマ - すしねこ,"This is a fantastic game with a well written story, excellent pacing, and strong gameplay!  The character design was the greatest strength, with allies and adversaries alike being able to invoke feelings of empathy or wanting to punch them in the face, and the gameplay was a really interesting play on ""bring ball to goal to make points"" and manages a unique experience.The different way things end depending on how you play likely gives this title a lot of replay value, and it includes a hard mode for people who enjoy playing their video games while on fire.It also works great on Linux!  Thanks Devs!"
76561198057806216,Recommended,462770,35484998,Posted: 4 October,all,IntoxicatedOctopus,"After 23 hours and 100%ing Pyre, the most significant differences I've found between this game and Supergiant's previous titles are the gameplay and the story.The gameplay alternates between a sports-game like mode with cosmic dunking (which can be hit-or-miss depending on if you can get past the somewhat unusual controls) and what is essentially a visual novel (which can be hit-or-miss if you don't enjoy visual novels).That being said, the story is probably the best written of all 3 games, with a wide cast of interesting characters, and a more complex structure with multiple possible outcomes depending on what actions you take.And of course, the phenomenal art and music many of us grew to love in Bastion and Transistor is back in full force, which is not something to be taken lightly.In short, if you loved Bastion and Transistor for the isometric gameplay as well as the art and music, you might not enjoy this game.But if you're somebody who loves a good story, and doesn't care too much about the fact that the gameplay is more competition than combat, you're probably gonna love Pyre."
76561198083430272,Recommended,462770,35490830,Posted: 5 October,all,Wrathserker,"Again An overwhelming piece of art that makes you try hard to hold back your tears, with the usual astoundningly beautiful soundrack like in in other supergiant Games.An orginal Story with amazing depth paired with a creative gameplay makes for one intensive experience."
76561198050270250,Recommended,462770,35492632,Posted: 5 October,all,yonyonyon,"Beautiful game, amazing sountrack, heart capturing story, fun mechanics"
76561198044715839,Recommended,462770,35493673,Posted: 5 October,all,MuchoMaas,"Fantastic game, par with other Supergiant products. Great writing, graphics and gameplay."
,Recommended,462770,35506583,Posted: 5 October,all,SeriousBug,This game is just wonderful. Incredible music and great gameplay. Choices that actually change things. Great storry. I wasn't sure at first if I'd like the sports-game like mechanics. but they are a lot of fun. Another masterpiece by Supergiant.
,Recommended,462770,35508468,Posted: 5 October,all,Valeri,Pretty much expected of Supergiant. Add in an online mulitplayer for the versus gamemode and you got yourself a 10/10 game.
,Recommended,462770,35511336,Posted: 5 October,all,Geo,"I took a chance with this one, but it was well worth it. This is a very nontraditional combination of genres, but the product was splendid. The art style and music really tie the world together and help make the choice-based narrative seem much more alive. I always enjoyed watching our caravan travel the world to see the pretty visuals fly by. The characters are extremely charming, and I found myself fond of characters I initially felt had too strong personalities. It was very hard for me to set the first character free after the trial; I grew really close to this specific character but knew this one deserved freedom first. The gameplay is unique and very fun; playing as and learning the different races was always rewarding. I found myself trying all of the characters and appreciating all of their strengths. I will probably play through the higher difficulty unlocked after beating the game to live through the story again. I hope to see many of the variable endings and dialogues."
