user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,462990,24070725,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Gilgamesh,"Sorry Nagisa but Tomoyo has always been my favorite waifuEdit: Thanks everyone for the thumbs up! Don't mind my time played on steam, Ive already read the fan translation."
76561198008782613,Recommended,462990,24341830,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Vesvius,"A few observations from this game.1. It's not as good as CLANNAD. If Nagisa hadn't done nothing for me and Tomoyo wasn't by far my favorite character, I likely wouldn't have picked this up.2. The actual story is meandering. There doesn't seem to be much of a point, and the last storyline comes with very little warning.3. The actual interactivity is low. There were very few choices to make, even compared to other visual novels.4. The art's a bit different then the original. It's not enough to take you out of the story, but it's enough to make return players feel like something's off.But still, I'm recommending this. Why? Because no other game has had me sitting up at 2 in the morning, shaking my monitor, yelling ""GIVE ME MY HAPPY ENDING OR I'LL CUT YOU!"". There was no exaggeration in the last sentence; that's literally what happened.So despite it's numerous flaws, clearly Tomoyo After did something right.Well, besides focus on Tomoyo. Tomoyo Best Girl. No competition."
,Recommended,462990,24000974,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Terry,"I know I just purchased this game, but I played the unofficial English translation about 3 years ago, so I already know how amazing this VN is.Tomoyo After is a branching plot line from Tomoyo's Route in the original Clannad Visual Novel. It's more or a less a ""What if"" scenario if Tomoya had formed a relationship with her instead of Nagisa. So yes, it is highly recommended you play her route from Clannad first before playing this game. It will really help you to understand the characters background, and other characters that were mention in her route in Clannad and make an appearance in Tomoyo After.Now I must say, Tomoyo is a more independent charismatic character compared to Nagisa. Now I like both characters, but Tomoyo is far more enjoyable. Tomoya and Tomoyo have some really good exchanges in dialogue that really make the relationship feel ""real"". The supporting cast is interesting as well, with plenty of time given to them for their subplots to have satisfying conclusions, while also adding to the main plot of the story.Also, my favourite part of the game is the soundtrack. My favourite song being the main title theme song called ""Hope"", and its played a few times throughout of the entire game. If your heart strings get pulled when you think of Dango Daikazoku from Clannad, then just prepare that they will be ripped entirely when you finish the game and listen to Hope. Honestly, this is strongly based on my opinion but I think Tomoyo After has very amazing ending that really will pulse out a large array of emotions towards you. It is in many ways, bitter sweet.So yes! If you are a VN fan, and certainly a Clannad fan, pick this game up for sure. It will not disappoint, it is truly amazing, and 100% my favourite VN to date. Support Key, and hopefully we will see Little Busters next."
,Recommended,462990,31051838,Posted: 9 April,all,Akka,"An everlasting loveTomoyo After is the continuation of one route from the highly esteemed VN Clannad. Naturally, this story references events from the first game. Also included is an optional parody SRPG minigame.PlotVNs live and die by the storyline so I'll discuss this first. Key is infamous for their (nukige) heart-wrenching stories and they certainly don't skimp on the drama here. The focus for most of the game lies upon newly introduced characters, giving everyone at least one arc.There are a handful of decisions that seem out of character for the protagonist, but he does come to realize his mistakes and reflect upon them. The actual choices given to the player are minimal and generally have obvious outcomes. A couple choices work counter-intuitively though, so don't fret over keeping a guide open to prevent yourself from getting an abrupt bad end.Every arc connects to one another in a fluid narrative with one exception. The final arc marks a massive shift and while the transition is rough the content is well worth experiencing. Just be sure to have read the original Clannad before diving in.VisualA remarkable improvement from the portrait art in the prequel, even the gallery images are smartly drawn. Recycled assets are sprinkled among the newly drawn backgrounds.SoundNot as impacting as its predecessor, but what can possibly compare to it? The same artists worked on music in both games, so expect more somber, foreboding melodies to rain down upon you.Four stars out of fiveThe story meanders a bit since the focus is split between so many different characters. It's easier to empathize with the protagonist--since the final arc so sharply focuses on him, it makes the ending that much stronger."
76561198058635758,Recommended,462990,24099696,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,KOS-elos,"I played the 18+ version and I absolutely loved it. I really wanted to play this version and was hoping someone would pick it up and thank goodness someone did. In my opinion, I'm loving this more than the 18+ version. The translation is good, liked the add on the Tomopedia and started playing the RPG which was a load of fun.In short, I recommend this game for any Clannad and Tomoyo fans :)"
,Recommended,462990,24093917,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Asimmacovski,"I would recommend that you play at least Tomoyo's route in CLANNAD or watch the Tomoyo OVA to understand the basic background of the characters, since there is quite a lot of it and you wouldn't enjoy the visual novel as much as someone who played or watched CLANNAD.Tomoyo After ~It's a Wonderful Life~ English Edition is a visual novel about family and love. To be more precise it's about trying to overcome hardships and trying to find happiness with your loved one. Can love be eternal? Can it cause only suffering? Can you overcome the pain and suffering and will you end up happily ever after?A few months have passed since the events from CLANNAD. After finishing high school Tomoya starts living alone in an small apartment and he's working as a garbage collector/repairman. He's being supported by Tomoyo, who is still going to high school, but in her free time she cooks, takes care and spends her time with Tomoya. Later Tomoyo's younger brother Takafumi brings a young girl named Tomo to the apartment. It turns out that Tomo is the illegitimate child of Tomoyo's father which was abandoned by her mother in front of Tomoyo's and Takafuni's house. To avoid more trouble they decide that Tomo will stay in Tomoya's apartment for the time being while they look for her mother. After a while Takafumi's ex-girlfriend Kanako join too and they all start spending their time together in Tomoya's apartment.The seiyuu (voice actors), our main character Tomoya Okazaki is voiced by Nakamura Yuuich which some of you will recognize from BlazBlue (Hazama and Yuuki Terumi), Tomoyo Sakagami is voiced by Isshiki Hikaru (Sakaki Yumiko from Grisaia), Tomo by Sasaki Akari and Kanako and Takafumi are both voiced by Suzumori Chisato (Hoshino Yumemi from Planetarian). My favourite character was Kanako, I don't know why but her boyish attitude and jokes always made me laugh or giggle.The translation is quite good and this time Key didn't use Sekai Project to publish their visual novel, instead they did it themself while the transaltion was done by Waku Productions, which used the fan translation from Doki (the guys who sub anime) if you didn't know.The soundtrack, like most soundtracks from Key, is great. It fits perfectly to every scene and the characters mood. The music pieces that stood out for me were: ''Hope'', ''Love Song'' and ''Dear Old Home.''A turn based RPG can be played in this visual novel, it's called Dungeons & Takafumis, it's a fun little game in which you take control of the games characters and you clear floors from enemies. It's filled with comedy dialogue, funny item descriptions, lots of skills and a few easter eggs for CLANNAD fans.It took me about 12 hours to finish reading while getting 3 bad endings in between. Depending on your luck and skill, you can double that time with playing Dungeons & Takafumis while trying to get all achievements.Overall I can recommend Tomoyo After ~It's a Wonderful Life~ English Edition not only to any Key or CLANNAD fan, but also to any visual novel fan who is looking for a heartwarming romance/drama with a handful of comedy mixed in the first half of it."
76561197994581130,Recommended,462990,24117727,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Promo,"T sundereO pen HeartM otherly LoveO riginal WaifuY outhful MaidenO ccasionally SupercuteThis is a story not about finding love, rather it is about the struggles of life in one room."
,Recommended,462990,33375170,Posted: 8 July,all,「Miles」,"Rated 10/10 Would cry againThanks to this VN , i can see Life from another perspective  . I could have a better way to deal with my problem and ... everything...... This VN taught me that life is wonderful.... so you must treasure it..... ( Can't deal with my feeling )I reccomend you guys to try this one , even you don't like Visual Novel games .( This is all i can write here because i am bad at English, i hope i get better at English soon )"
,Recommended,462990,26803144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kuhiro,"To be honest...About me and the beginningI forced myself a bit to read the whole novel. But I was amazed until the very end.I remember the first feeling when I saw the ""Finished Epilog"" words xD I was like - well few hours of reading and that was just an epilog - nice!!!After that I was just into reading this awesome stuff!I'm Tomoyo fan since I watched Clannad what you can see on my profile :D So I was truly interested in her story.GeneralThe novel is prepared for something about 30h of truly awesome gameplay (reading xD)The stroy is something about 11/10 kidding - Key are lucky guys... They joked with all of us!~Since the full title which is ""Tomoyo After ~It's a Wonderful Life~"" is the best black humor I have ever heard xDReally, for people who has already read this novel - you know what do I mean. Clannad - happy end - Tomoyo After - few endings - bad, worse, and the worst xD - Choose what do you want, but the originial ending is you know - best of the best for sure - it's going to make you cry no matter what.ArtIt truly amazed me, maybe I prefer traditional anime style, but this one made by Key is just magical. Tomoyo from novel looks a way better that the one from anime, she is so ""polished"" that she shines like a star on starry sky. Tomoya maybe wasn't that polished and he wasn't lookin that good as Tomoyo but he wasn't that bad at all. Finally it wasn't just his story - it is mostly about the Tomoyo, but I don't mean that he isn't main character here. No no no!Most of the novel is about him to be honest.OSTKey Label = Magic, what can I say? ""Light Colors"" or  ""Hope"" - masterpiece. Just music is going to make you cry like a little baby. My strongest feelings were excited by ""Hope"" the menu music - you don't even have to begin the game to know that this music will destroy you someday.StoryI have to say that I'm still excited by this plot - it just amazed me like everything else in this product.I don't want to give you any spoilers so you have to trust me , that the stroy is worth of this money :) Especially on bargain! :D (I bought it this way + OST, cause I love it) Story is pretty long, interesting, amazing, full of feelings and plot twists. Just read it : ')My product rating:9/10It also deserves to get ""Kuhiro Approve"" stamp - my quality mark.Warrning - if you aren't into anime nor just Tomoyo - there is no special point for you to buy it. If you are Clannad fan I would recommend you reading it <3~Kuhiro"
,Recommended,462990,30291302,Posted: 3 March,all,Enviar,"I would recommend that you play at least Tomoyo's route in CLANNAD or watch the Tomoyo OVA to understand the basic background of the characters, since there is quite a lot of it and you wouldn't enjoy the visual novel as much as someone who played or watched CLANNAD."
76561198037170814,Recommended,462990,24018697,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,AwesomeonexD,Tomoyo After ~ it's a Wonderful Life~ Prepare to Cry EditionIn the middle of the story and out of tissueJust finished the main story and still cryingTotally Recommended :D
,Recommended,462990,32053141,Posted: 29 May,all,Ruri,"This story was generally fantastic from start to finish, though as a warning you will feel a sudden wave of depression when certain scenes hit you. Though luckily, this novel manages to add some good humour into the mix so that the extremely sad parts of the plot won't be too overbearing and tiring to read. It even includes a little rpg-like game, which again helps steer away from the sadness that you will be hit with like a truck for a while.That said, since this is from the series CLANNAD it is pretty much expected that tears will happen.I had a few issues with Tomo, personally...but other than that I loved the main cast I was presented with. I highly recommend this novel if you loved CLANNAD, and you particually loved Tomoyo's route in the game. This a chance for you to see an after story with her instead of Nagisa, after all!"
76561198092712794,Recommended,462990,32748754,Posted: 24 June,all,★♥Kirigirifan57♥★,"You will like this if you like Key,the feels,Clannad,and Tomoyo."
,Recommended,462990,28018237,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sotha chill,"tldr at bottomFirst off, i'm going to say that this VN cannot compare to the original Clannad. I think it's fair to compare the two considering this is a sequel to the original game.Personally, I like Tomoyo less in this version; she's stupider than her original incarnation, whilst being less of a tomboy (although she isn't bad), and Tomoya sometimes acts and thinks so completely apart from you that it feels like i'm totally detached from the action, thereby removing much of the drama and replacing it with frustration. None of this is helped by how the music doesn't sound as impactful as the original score in Clannad.These three issues, combined with how I had read Clannad right before starting this, made the differences very stark to me from the first five minutes into the VN. The intro to the story was actually a shock to me.Going from the classic scene at the end of the original Tomoyo route to seeing her going""nyaaan""in a cat outfit was such whiplash that I suspected that this game was originally an eroge before being cleaned up. I wasn't suprised to find that I was right.But overall i'm giving it a thumbs up for these reasons:1. My biggest complaints won't apply to everyone. I know that some people will prefer the changed characters.2. Tomoyo and Tomoya are still Tomoyo and Tomoya. As in, they're still recognizable. Their characters are distinctive and strong enough to survive some tweaking.3. The VN still has its high points and dramatic moments. For the most part they work.4. The music isn't bad if you don't compare it to Clannad. In fact, thats true for most of the game.*I didn't have to force myself to read it (UNTIL THAT ♥♥♥♥ING ENDING*), which for me is high praise for a VN. If you like Tomoyo enough, or couldn't give less of a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the other characters in Clannad (except for kyou who competes for best girl position), then this game may be your only canon continuation of the original story. Because it definitely is for me.*...Just be warned that you may get more closure from replaying Tomoyo's path in Clannad than from playing this, if you get frustrated easily.I think that the endings would be better if there was a real threat to the relationship other than the vague and often interchangable danger given here.TL;DROverall half decent for a VN, buy at your own risk. If you're a weirdo torrent the original H-version because that♥♥♥♥♥♥isn't here.*Edit 6/1/2017: I don't know what I was on when I wrote this, the score for this VN kicks all kinds of♥♥♥♥♥ Easily on par with any KEY product, which is high praise."
76561198316723661,Recommended,462990,29375227,Posted: 20 January,all,Otaku-sama,"This one really wrecked me. I honestly have yet to play the main route for CLANNAD itself, but I have already done Tomoyo's so I went ahead and played this. I cried so hard for this one. Probably more so than I did for the CLANNAD anime. The game stays true to life, but provides beauty in its closure that fits within that, so although, as a fan of the characters, there was an ideal way I saw this game ending, I can accept what really happened. Tomoyo is an amazing heroine, and I wish there is a Kyou After and Kotomi After to come that can be as amazing as this."
,Recommended,462990,32653481,Posted: 22 June,all,Weiss,"Tomoyo is one of the strongest heroines I've ever seen! If not, the strongest. I felt that she was the best girl in CLANNAD and this game was a fantastic sequel to her story. It was so good that I had to read it twice. I fell for her when I watched the CLANNAD anime and this story made me love her even more. No matter how many years pass by, her bond with Tomoya is eternal. I hope this gets an anime soon!"
76561198330860503,Recommended,462990,28950126,Posted: 2 January,all,Blurbs,"Read my full review with images here:http://aminoapps.com/p/tz0rf2004's release of CLANNAD is one of the major examples of what makes Key such an amazing studio. It's long, and the true route (After Story) is one of the most influential stories I've read, truly changing me as a person.Though out of all the praise I have for CLANNAD, there's one thing that really bugged me when reading. That was the differing quality between routes. Out of the 10 routes, there were about 7 that I found to be truly great.That may not seem bad, but when one of the routes that I found lacking ended up being a main heroine route, I can't help but feel disappointed. In case you couldn't tell, I think that Tomoyo's route is the weakest out of the 5 main routes. My main complaint is that not much happens in it. The drama is a little difficult to get through, and the first half drags on a bit much. Not to mention, Tomoyo didn't get much development, at least compared to the other heroines.What a great thing, then, that Tomoyo recieved her very own game a year later.DetailsFull Title: Tomoyo After ~It's a Wonderful Life~Released: 25th November 2005Studio: KeyScenario: Jun MaedaLength: 10-15 hoursStoryWe follow Tomoya Okazaki once again, but this time he's graduated from school, has his own job and lives in an apartment. Kinda like After Story, but the difference is that he is with Tomoyo this time.She doesn't live with Tomoya, but she and her brother, Takafumi (Best character) always visit Tomoya.It turns out that Tomoyo has a half sister from her father's side, called Tomo (coincidence?). Tomoyo and Tomoya end up looking after Tomo due to Tomo's mother being ill, and so begins the beautiful story. I won't go further than that Synopsis, because I really don't want to spoil a single thing about this VN.The Visual Novel has a few routes, though it is rather linear. There aren't any branching paths like other Visual Novels, rather the choices either continue the story or lead to a bad ending. This works in the Visual Novel's favour because of the length. It's about 15 hours long, and never slows it's pacing.It feels more like an anime, because it goes from one route to another in a linear fashion. It's such an enjoyable experience.The final arc in this Visual Novel, titled 'After' is absolutely a Masterpiece. Not only is it a throwback to the original CLANNAD, it is also a beautifully disheartening epilogue that will stay with you for a long time after you've finished it.The ending is nothing short of incredible. If you can actually read the final text through all your tears, you will realise that it is open ended, as it doesn't give a definitive answer as to what happened. I've said it before, but these are my favourite types of endings. Ones where I can speculate as to what happened; where I can interpret it in my own way.Luckily, there has been a Steam release which has no H-Scenes. The steam version also contains full voice acting for Tomoya, which is awesome. I strongly recommend buying the Steam version if you want the best experience, especially if you don't like eroge.I think that without the H-Scenes, this story is almost flawless, and it it one of the best stories in any Key Visual Novel.CharactersAnother thing that this Visual Novel does right is character development. There aren't many, but this means that they all get fleshed out extremely well. Even the ones that appear towards the end are great.---Tomoya OkazakiCome on, we all know who Tomoya is! He's the main character. He's sarcastic and cynical. CLANNAD taught Okazaki what it means to live, but with Tomoyo After, his development is almost the complete opposite. I like the fact that they changed how he grows as a character, because it shows us another side to him that we didn't see in the original.---Tomoyo SakagamiOur main heroine, and the titled character. I always thought that Tomoyo was extremely overrated, because she was kinda flat and boring in CLANNAD. Tomoyo After completely changed my opinion on her. Her decisions in this VN are... Questionable, but she has a lot of depth. Seeing her selfishness is detestable, though I feel that's what Jun Maeda intended.---Takafumi SakagamiHands down, Takafumi is one if my favourite characters in all of CLANNAD. We knew a little about him in the original. We learned that he jumped off of a bridge, and became injured. Luckily he is no longer in a wheelchair here. I was a bit confused at first, but then I was like 'that's Takafumi?!' He's kind of the comic relief character but he's not dumb like Sunohara.There are segments in this Visual Novel where you are sat in your apartment and get to choose which characters to speak to, and I always went to Takafumi.---Mishima TomoThe aforementioned half sister to Takafumi and Tomoyo. She's sees Tomoyo and Tomoya as her parents, as her real mother sort of dumped her with them. Even though she is aware of her mother's condition, she simply wants to be with her. Tomo is the main focus for most of the story, and Tomoya has a real bond with Tomo.---KanakoYou can't not have a Tsundere in a Visual Novel. Joking aside, she's great. She may or may not know Takafumi from the past. I'll just say that she shares her route with him. She ran away from home because why not and lives in the Okazaki household because... Why not?ArtThis Visual Novel came out in 2005. 2005!!! It looks incredible. Little Busters always gets praise for being ahead of its time, but this came out 2 years earlier and arguably looks even better. I can't stress enough how beautiful this Visual Novel is. Ignore the fact that it has a 800x600 resolution; it geniunely looks better than most anime that comes out nowadays.The backgrounds are beautiful, and whilst some are recycled from CLANNAD, the new ones are incredibly detailed. Tomoya looks a bit odd though...SoundThe soundtrack is great. I think it's a given that a Key work will have great music, but I still have to mention it. As for the Voice Acting, it's also great. The fact that Tomoya is voiced (by the same person who did his voice in the anime) in the steam version is also a great thing.I am a big fan of the Opening, (who isn't), and the ending song still makes those tears start flowing O_OFinal VerdictPlease, for the love of god, play the steamversion! It's so much better. It has a few extra scenes, cuts out the H-Scenes and has voice acting for Tomoya. If you don't happen to play the steam version for whatever reason, just skip through the first hour. You'll thank me later.Tomoyo After is better than most other Key works, but for some reason has been left unnoticed for a long time. Not only is the story incredible, the art is also way, way ahead of it's time. I highly recommend it.10/10"
,Recommended,462990,30859640,Posted: 31 March,all,Enter_77,"ProsEnding--- An unexpected surprise given the quality of everything leading up to it. Even at the cost of being almost completely disconnected from the rest of the visual novel, it ties in perfectly with Clannad, which is something the core story of Tomoyo After seemed to go out of its way to avoid at every opportunity. The premise is familiar, but not the roles. Characters regain the qualities that made them likable in the first place. The Tomoyo route comes full circle and gets as satisfying of a conclusion as possible given the nature of the setting. The only criticisms are that it's relatively brief and it wasn't better integrated into the rest of the story.Dungeons and Takafumis side-game--- A small, turn-based RPG featuring the characters from the visual novel is available as optional content from the main menu.ConsStory--- Uninteresting and at times forced by way of characters being blatantly written as unnaturally oblivious and passive for the sake of drama. One plotline is proven meaningless upon conclusion despite some stretching to justify the whole misunderstanding. Another passes by so quickly and changes absolutely nothing for the characters involved, it may as well not have taken place.During the rare moments when the story is at its best, it's on par with the Clannad visual novel's weakest routes. The theme of family that is core to the series is there, but is severely underdeveloped. It's a poorly planned and executed story with misplaced focus on the wrong characters and problems. Up until the sudden turn of events towards the end, it was easy to be misled into thinking the story would conclude the same way.Characters--- The main character from Clannad and Tomoyo return, although they sometimes act out of character. The brother that was a motivating factor behind the Tomoyo route becomes a permanent addition while receiving some elaboration on his past. The other few, new characters aren't compelling. One is an annoyance that not only lacks any sort of character growth but also actively detracts from the story at crucial moments, dragging it back down before it can accomplish anything.New characters receive poor presentation as they barge in with introductions all the while established characters put up feigned resistance to give the illusion of agency as the story pushes forward.ConclusionHaving considered the Tomoyo storyline to be one of the best routes in Clannad, reading through the majority of Tomoyo After was disappointing. Given her situation in Clannad, it was natural for her relationship with the main character to grow impersonal as the story progressed. Retreading that path here with the role reversal could have worked, but without the engaging characters and story, it failed to be entertaining from the onset. That is up until the ending, where out of nowhere the story finally meets and exceeds all original expectations. If the journey had been anywhere near as great as the destination, Tomoyo After would have been an easy recommendation. Looking at the work as a whole, the ending alone isn't enough to make up for the slog getting there.At a length of about11 hourswithout taking the optional Dungeons & Takafumis RPG into account, only those that have at least completed the Tomoyo route in Clannad and enjoyed it immensely should consider picking up Tomoyo After. Even then, this visual novel is barely a recommendation andshould only be purchased on salewhen it's heavily discounted. All others should justskip reading Tomoyo After."
,Recommended,462990,31010599,Posted: 7 April,all,Ye Olde Hardscoper,"Just when you thought the first Clannad game took away any ability to feel emotions you might have had, Tomoyo After is here to rip your heart out all over again! A true masterpiece."
,Recommended,462990,30928774,Posted: 3 April,all,Z-95,"While the side stories were mostly short one-offs of different Clannad stories, this is a full sequel (or ""After Story"") for the Tomoyo route of Clannad that follows Tomoya and Tomoyo's life together after Tomoya graduates. Instead of separate routes this story follows a single storyline with different arcs (like Clannad's After Story) where each one builds upon the last.Full of comedic and dramatic story beats, this is no mere fandisc or side story but a full on different After Story that touches on different elements of growing up and family.A must read for fans of Clannad."
,Recommended,462990,23993993,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Okabe Rintarou,"-----Played it in Japanese------Damn this is as good as I remember, it even has dungeons and Takafumis, this is a good localisation (yes thats how its spelt in English). Nice to see Visual arts is the publisher for this, good job! Make sekai project go away!"
76561198009479756,Recommended,462990,34212641,Posted: 13 August,all,dominicho12,"Tomoyo after plot, is  after the route in clannad's Tomoyo's route, if anything do yourself a favour and watch the anime/read the vn at least up until Tomoyo's route as that begins the story of Tomoyo's After.Keeping this short, the entire story of the visual novel was great, the heartstrings that Key is known to pull is all set and stone as you spend your time through this story. Throughout the visual novel the laughter, humour and just the setting of each character development was good to some superb like TomoyoThere were some cons that I notice while reading;There were some characters were there but not needed for the story to progress which dragged the story for a bit.The pace may be slow for some people and there wasn’t much going on just like a typical slice of life VN which may turn people offIf you didn’t read the visual novel of Clannad or even watch it there may not be much your missing to go into this visual novelAs a fan of Key's work, it's a must read. Short story yet not much happening but excellent and well thought out joinery."
,Recommended,462990,33207625,Posted: 3 July,all,Honeymaster | Unorganised,"Other InfomationAnother great Visual Novel by Key. Finished the VN and now working on the Dungeons and Takafumis with the achievements however can say somethings about it.No Spoilers will be in this review. No spoilers shall be left in the comments please. This is something you have to see for yourself. So no peeking at spoiler stuff.Main GameI am going to leave this short by saying you need to play this for yourself to understand everything. As words cant express how amazing this story was. However don't expect it to be a long one like Clannad. As this focus on one story alone. However I will say short can be better than long and in this case; Key have done it right. Nothings dragged out and everything you see has a purpose. Treat this like an alt universe to Clannad.There are mutiple ways this story can end. Can you find them all :DDungeons and TakafumisFor this version of Tomoyo After it is unlocked from the beginning meaning you can go and dive stright into this. For other versions you had to choice certain options with Takafumis. (I don't remenber how you do this however someone will have put up a guide on unlocking this if you play a different version that doesn't give you Dungeons and Takafumis stright away)This is a game within a game (Inception within Inception) and you play 4 of the 5 main characters as you try to clear a certain amount of floors to defeat a bad guy (I will also add that Fuko is in this however havent figured out how to get her). Takafumi will guide you through the game giving pointers and suggestions at the beginning. I havent played enough to give a great detail however it is confusing as it is fun (If I remenber there is 50 floors to beat, this will be updated when confirmed). It is styled like dungeons and dragons sort of with other elements of RPG's and Turn Based Strategys. You will get more time out of this game with this if your looking at original price to hours.Overall JudgementIs it worth it? Yes. If your a fan of visual novels this is a game you shouldn't miss out on. I would recommend this to people who are looking into visual novel regardless that this is a continuation of Tomoyo's route from Clannad (Yes i've stated that this is an alt universe however so are all of the routes of Clannad apart from the main one). You won't miss much if you start here and then go back to Clannad for the rest of Tomoyo's story.If this isn't on your list. Get it now; you will not be disappointed."
76561198066127267,Recommended,462990,30941711,Posted: 4 April,all,apple™,I need Japanese subtitles我想要日语字幕，谢谢
,Recommended,462990,33404935,Posted: 9 July,all,cabfe,"Now that's a good Visual Novel with the right elements, the right pacing and the right writing.For the best Clannad experience, play the original game, follow only Tomoyo's route (the best route anyway, you're not losing much skipping the other ones) and jump to Tomoyo After.You'll have something worthy of your time and a memory you'll cherish in your heart.Forever."
,Recommended,462990,24205358,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mr.Ecchi Senpai [MES],"Come on, im in Tears.Tomoya and Tomoyo. I wish that's what eternal Love means.Simply Amazing. 11/10 in all.If you are Faint hearted, I don't recommend this, because if you do im 200% sure that you are in for a Emotional Ride.but about ending, idk whther its right or wrong but i can say this.Whatever happens, everyone has a meaning in their LIFEI ..........dnk what words to put, can't really describe emotions in just words ! Go Play !"
,Recommended,462990,24806997,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,therealsadboyjake,Great continuation of the Tomoyo route of Clannad. The soundtrack is also great.  Also inclutes the D&T sidegame which is huge plus.
,Recommended,462990,24186952,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SuckYourMom,"Tomoyo after, what a VN.for those of you who played clannad and loved it, this is a must read.it has feels in it and unlike clannad its even fast paced and short!the only con is that they changed the voices for tomoya and tomoyo, which is very annoying at the start but you get used to it.also dont let the weird start to turn you off, after all the original version of the game was with alot of H scenes in it, also not to mention that weird start is not a good representive of the visual novel it self."
,Recommended,462990,26505690,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Notice Me Senpai,"Move over Nagisa, Tomoyo is taking your place in my heart.First of all if you haven't played the Tomoyo arc of the Clannad VN go do that before approaching this title. Heck you should 100% Clannad before playing Tomoyo After.Is it worth the $20?ABSOLUTELY!!!!!!Is it a really long game?No, unless you play alot of Dungeons and Takafumis (mini game)Tomoyo After is a really great VN full of new characters that you've never encountered until this point. I dont want to say too much about the story so as to not spoil anything.The game is hilarious, it has so many great moments that made me laugh. The ending is very moving and I spent the other night finishing it and it'll hit you pretty hard.For those who played Clannad After Story, I felt like the ending was more emotionally moving than the ending of After story which is saying something. After Story's ending was sad AF.This game is amazing please if you enjoy Clannad do yourself a favor and go buy it. I'm looking forward to picking up Clannad Side stories next and I will review it once I finish it."
,Recommended,462990,31330133,Posted: 23 April,all,jensenj2,"Just like CLANNAD, this VN will mercilessly tug at your every heartstring. So very beautiful.Thank you, Key. For these wonderful characters and all of their dynamics."
76561198267228069,Recommended,462990,34605133,Posted: 30 August,all,Zosonte,"Another beautiful and heartwrenching novel by Key. Taking place after Tomoyo's route in CLANNAD, Tomoyo After futher explores the themes of love, hope, and family through the microcosm of life that is the relationship of Tomoya and Tomoyo. Easily the saddest visual novel I've ever read, more so than Clannad and Rewrite combined, but with a simple, uplifting message that everyone can relate to."
,Recommended,462990,34648775,Posted: 31 August,all,H™_Mizore,"Tomoyo is love, Tomoyo is bae <3 <3Made me ship TomoyaXTomoyo more ! !"
,Recommended,462990,34876466,Posted: 10 September,all,AngryCritic,Tomoyo 10/10 Best Girl
76561198011233211,Recommended,462990,35055059,Posted: 18 September,all,otaku265,If you liked Tomoyo from CLANNED then this is a must buy. Great story great cast of characters and a truly memorable finale but it is slightly different compared to CLANNED that took a little while getting used to nothing bad or anything but it did catch me of guard. If your a fan buy it if you've not played CLANNED or not done/watched the Tomoyo route your going to be easily confused by certain aspects. I loved every second of it though so i recommed this to anyone who kows the backstory first.
,Recommended,462990,34834332,Posted: 9 September,all,Foas,its good
76561198050358120,Recommended,462990,34926985,Posted: 13 September,all,Rex,good
,Recommended,462990,30277600,Posted: 2 March,all,TheRealRayRay20,"This is my first Visual Novel. The story is basically a continuation of Tomoyo's path from the original VN/Clannad Firstt Story ep 25. Notming much to say. Funny jokes are still here, story is good, characters are likeable and voice acting is good.Also it runs in a weird aspect ratio where it is just a square in the middle of the screen in 1080p, just run it windowed.overall a 9.1/10"
,Recommended,462990,24196509,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Wes_H,Has more feels than Clannad After Story
,Recommended,462990,25249107,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,YUKI,"It's the best galgame i have ever played.The wonderful plot, music and characters . I feel lose a long time when i have played this game . Mr Maeda Jun creat a Utopia and write down the interpretation of love in this game . Responsibility is important in our life , Whether it's family or friends."
76561198056942363,Recommended,462990,24336183,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Anipaper,"i wrote this huge review of this game explaining all the negatives and positives just for it to disappear cause reasons. now i am sad.in conclusion - this game is great. it has its flaws (especially the placement of the last part), but it also has some amazing moments, especially the ending, which is really moving and can make shed some manly tears.the real shame is that this game is an alternate continuity to Clannad After Story, but it realy doesn't stand up to it's predecessor.( the most emotional i got(with the exception of the ending) is when i saw the design of Tomo kindergarten uniform. i had to stop playing for a few minutes to calm down)this game is a good one, but not a must buy.  i would strongly recommend buying this game, but you must first play clannad in order to enjoy it fully. for any clannad fan, this is a most buy.i give this game an 8.5 / 10and all hail foreign takafumi, for he has finally come to the land of overseas."
76561198208622133,Recommended,462990,24612219,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Zvayn,"This novel is definitely worth reading. The translation is perfect and the story rivals, or is better than Clannad After Story. Some people may be turned off (or on) by the small bits of moe in the beginning, but it stops rather quickly (too soon) and develops into one of the best stories you'll ever read.Some side notes: There are few choices to make in this game compared to Clannad and even Clannad After Story, not that you need them to make a VN.  The art threw me for a loop, but is still great, and I had to turn off Tomoya's (the main character's) voice because that is what I'm used to. I recommend rereading Clannad's Tomoyo route before reading this novel. Yes it is worth 20$, I'd pay more if I had to."
,Recommended,462990,31347592,Posted: 24 April,all,ミスタージスポンジ18,"Best VN-Game I've ever played with the most depressing story, by far!"
,Recommended,462990,32710626,Posted: 23 June,all,Mitch,a wonderful novel with the best and cutest heroine ever <3
76561198154737794,Recommended,462990,24127125,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,VN_Gamer,"Jun Maeda at his best is a scary force in the VN world. Not only great writing but great music as well. This VN is a metric *bleep* ton of feels, and in typical Key fashion catches you off guard with it's great comedy. Just a great example of the VN medium from the true masters."
76561198100843301,Recommended,462990,24074885,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Knight of Shadow,"i can only describe this game as beutiful, the main story caused me to cry more in one night, then i have in the last 7 years, if time was turned back i would buy this game again without regret, and a smile on my face"
,Recommended,462990,23992473,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BOOTP,~It's a Wonderful Life~......Damn Straight It Is.
,Recommended,462990,25817721,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,"[DT] Hello, MOM","This is how After Story should be done.If you like Clannad, you must read and experience this."
,Recommended,462990,24159689,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,🌟⅀⋐₭ℤ,"A wonderful romance story following the story in Clannad if you followed Tomoyo's route (which you should have, it is the best route in my opinion)This visual novel has funny, likeable characters and a great story. While the VN is not as long as Clannad (explains the low price in comparison) It does have multiple routes you can follow to get many different endings based on the choices you make.I, for one, am glad they decided to bring this to Steam. I did own the uncensored H-version originally, and I decided to uninstall that in favor of this one, as in my opinion, the H-scenes add nothing to the game and honestly make Tomoyo and Tomoya act drastically out of character. The alternate scenarios they used to replace the scenes are more enjoyable and some made me laugh (If I want porn, that's what google is for. I can live without it in my reading materials thank you).All in all this is well worth the full price, and even better on sale (was $15 on launch with the 20% discount).I can't reccommend this game enough, sadly there's only a thumbs up and not a big flashing neon YES! button.If you decide this isn't the kind of game for you, that's fine. Hopefully you find one that suits you.If you like romance, Clannad/Little Busters!/KARAKARA/ and Tomoyo after is a good choice.Mystery/Detective? Steins;Gate(not on steam at the time of this review) and even most definitely Danganronpa 1+2 are excellent choices.Action? Fault;Milestone 1 and 2.Feel free to add me if you have any questions or just wanna chat it up. I am always up for either."
,Recommended,462990,32497897,Posted: 17 June,all,Zeox,"I would write a more lengthy review. But the words that are necessary to justly portray the emotional journey that is this game have not been created.To steal from The Office, I guess I would say that this game is superlative : ""of the highest kind, quality, or order, surpassing all else, or others. Supreme."""
76561198106443041,Recommended,462990,24501889,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Goldx14,"Step into a world of mix emotions. Got on a sale, was not unhappy with my purchase.Easily an 8/10"
,Recommended,462990,30154431,Posted: 24 February,all,Alter,The treasure of life never fade away.
,Recommended,462990,31331042,Posted: 23 April,all,REDCS,"A very wonderfurl game as always kei make everything we hold inside come out, always making a story that will touch your heart.Highly recomend this game."
,Recommended,462990,29429921,Posted: 22 January,all,sea,"as exoected of jun maeda, this ♥♥♥♥ing game brings grown♥♥♥♥♥men to tears. worst 20 bucks ive spent. dont regret it though, although do expect to be crying for a while after the ending. ♥♥♥♥ing nakige 10/10"
,Recommended,462990,35168481,Posted: 23 September,all,11K,462990
,Recommended,462990,24090573,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Rynnyr,"Sorry Nagisa, but Clannad never needed you in the first place.Tomoyo is the best girl."
76561198202064338,Recommended,462990,24644266,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AmericanSamurai,das es gut. it means little busters! should come out soon. great story.
,Recommended,462990,24132453,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,🍌,Bottomless pit of despair/10Would despair again!
,Recommended,462990,24010259,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Recodare,Tomoyo After ~It's a Wonderful Life~ Prepare to Cry EditionI played Japanese version long time agoThat time I can't understand Japanese but I cried..and Now I can understand story.. What will happen to me?
,Recommended,462990,27454747,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,BEST LOLI SASSY ARMPIT,im just purchasing to see if theres any gj scenestomoyo is my first waifu
,Recommended,462990,30158195,Posted: 24 February,all,Dark Confidant,This is one of the most touching visual novels I have ever played and blows Clannad out of the water.
76561198148120781,Recommended,462990,25633056,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,MovingGamer,"Come for Tomoyo & Tomoya, stay for Dungeons & Takafumis.If it's been said before, it's because it's true.[EDIT 24 November for Steam Award:]Dungeons & Takafumis (D&T) is a minigame within Tomoyo After that is straightforwad to play and somewhat difficult to master. D&T is like a tactical RPG, except you can only give orders at the start of a battle. Once the battle starts, you lose all control of your characters - they will move around the map to follow those orders (mostly for the best, but not always). Besides the orders, you control character starting position, equipped gear, and stat growth via allocating growth points and changing jobs.The relatively small number of options under the player's control makes D&T straightforward to play. The difficulty is that the equipment won at the end of a battle is random. The Random Number God might give you what you need when you need it, or forsake you. The challenge in D&T is to win all battles within an in-game time limit by optimising your orders, starting positions and stat growth, while making the best use of the randomised equipment."
,Recommended,462990,28712549,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cthulhu@ʅ ('◉◉◉` ) ʃ,tomoyo is my wife
,Not Recommended,462990,35010553,Posted: 16 September,all,Killerofnl1919,"I very much enjoyed this game, however I cannot give it a good review. The beginning for me felt very different to the end of Tomoyo,'s route in Clannad. The dialogue was very cringeworthy and felt forced, after a while the game finally resumes where it left off. The story starts unfolding nicely and it's really captivating. Then something which is complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in my opinion (spoiler alert) happens and it gets really depressing, I thought eventually something good would hapoen but (MAJOR SPOILER ALERT) he ♥♥♥♥ing dies. I cannot express how annoyed I was. In Clannad Nagisa's story might have been sad like this one in the first playthrough, the true end was an ""happy ending"" which made me leave the game behind with a sense lf accomplishment. This game however left me feeling frustrated and that is why I unfortunately cannot give it a good review, even though the game was great up until that point."
,Not Recommended,462990,34712518,Posted: 3 September,all,Fenshir,"Forced drama, plot lines that lead into nothing, questionable character behaviour.As someone who loved Clannad, I sadly can not recommend this."
,Not Recommended,462990,33019917,Posted: 29 June,all,☢ Skrilletto -ksm-,THIS GAME IS NOT THE PERFECT EDITION♥♥♥♥AND I CANT GET A REFUND
76561198039155404,Recommended,462990,31329330,Posted: 23 April,all,Obamanibblesnoman,"Key is like an abusive partner.  Everything this studio does makes me cry, but I keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,462990,29862230,Posted: 11 February,all,Zakuro Enthusiast,"+ The themes in this game are much more varied than the original (even if I prefer the original), the theme of family is handled in an expert way, especially towards the conclusion where it really shines in giving Tomoyo many obstacles to overcome, just beautiful!+ Foreshadowing was done very well, just amazing!+ The story for the most part is great; however, I will criticize an aspect of it in my ""cons"".+ Art is nice for the most part, it’s an improvement from the original though I found it less charming, still great however!+ The use of expressions in Tomoyo After really immerse the player into the character’s phrases and actions, it's extremely well done!+ The amount they reference the original Clannad towards the end is just a nostalgia bomb and highlight reel of what made the Tomoyo route great in the original, great experience to revisit those aspects in a new light!+ Humor is good (not as great as the original), the comedy ranges from childish - genuinely hilarious!+ Phenomenal ending sequence with a unique spin on ""love"", also a tearjerker as well...+ Incredibly emotional+ Tomoya was good, but the rest of the characters shined over him, specifically characters like Tomoyo and Takafumi who constantly developed in interesting ways as the story progressed...+ Tomo is precious as a character, she's very distinct from Ushio in a good way!+ The use of sound effects was great, they really captured great ways to make a scene comedic or sorrowful through its use of sound.+ The OST is beautiful, not a single track I disliked, the ""Main Theme"" in specific is just glorious truly engrossing the reader through Tomoyo and Tomoya's relationship!+ The environments are very well designed, they truly immerse the reader into the story Tomoyo After is trying to tell, adding to each and every thing that Tomoyo After is trying to get across through its themes...+/- The game is short (15-20 hours), I spent most of my time playing the RPG section of D&T which was good, but had flaws, in this review I want to focus on the storytelling aspects rather than the ""gameplay"" aspects, to sum it up, it's average but has some nice ""tidbits"" to it such as references to the original and great humor with Takafumi, but the core gameplay is just “meh”, it's one of those things where you just want to fast forward to it since the gameplay is ridiculously mundane (almost purely simulated).- Tomoya doesn't come off as a great character, he's just serviceable in this game because of how much others outshine him such as Tomoyo, Takafumi and even Kanako.- I wish the subplots were better tied together, a lot of them feel like they either went nowhere or expect the player to fill in the blanks, whether this was the right decision or the wrong one is up to interpretation, I personally disliked it slightly...- The beginning is good, however there were a lot of missteps, it felt very pointless to play through the first hour, felt like pure fan service and just an overall complete 180 from the themes that Tomoyo After have towards the end...- The alternate endings are not worth getting, once you get one, you got them all, the true ending is the only one worth getting in my opinion, since it's such an amazing one...- I do feel slightly sad that Takafumi and Kanako weren't as prevalent as I once believed towards the end of the story. Tomo too, she feels like somewhat of a missed opportunity because her character arc didn't have a definitive ""end"" in my opinion...To be frank, this game has flaws, many of which are prevalent, however I feel the end completely made up for everything the game didn't accomplish, it truly does conclude in such a unique and definitive way, that honestly I just can't describe it in a way that does it justice, this is a game that must be played if you are a fan of the original, there are simply just too many things to touch upon that set this apart from the original and other Visual Novels I have played in the past. To say this was a great experience does not truly show my true feelings about the narrative, it was beyond that, it was beautiful... Overall, I'd recommend the hell out of it, though I feel I will have to give the game 2 separate ratings for its first half and 2nd half...Tomoyo After (1rst part): 7-7.5/10Tomoyo After (2nd part): 9.5/10This is a must play game, especially if you're a Clannad/Tomoyo fanatic (like myself), do yourself a favor and buy it, you will not regret it...Tomoyo truly led a ""Wonderful Life"""
76561198273186532,Recommended,462990,33820000,Posted: 26 July,all,TonyWeegie83,I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys read and click games.This game has really touch my heart and made me really emotional and has 20 year old grown man this made me cry so much.
,Recommended,462990,33997308,Posted: 3 August,all,Chummier,"This game is an inclusive story; really you don't have to have seen Clannad to understand it. It would just help for some parts because they reference things from the show.This game has changed me in some ways for the better. I'm really glad I played it.It's a nice story. And if you want to empty your tear ducts then here's your game :DFully worth $20. I've gone through the story (not all endings but a couple bad ones) in about 14 hours. There's also some other features like the Tomopedia which explains Japanese terms they use, and Dungeons and Takafumis which is some adventure game Idk I haven't tried it.Yeah. Great game. Even if you didn't care for Tomoya x Tomoyo in that Clannad OVA, this story and all its characters are amazing."
76561198275104089,Recommended,462990,32529887,Posted: 18 June,all,Crastryous,"I enjoy this game in general. The atmosphere in this game is one of the best I think. You are really in Tomoyo's life. Wonderful life, amazing atmosphere and funny chats. After playing this game I feel relieved, it really feels that I have a wonderful life too. I recomend this game."
