user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,463160,28368940,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Running4Cover,"To those not aware, this is an adaption of Ninja Division's very fun Super Dungeon Explore board/miniatures game. I wanted to get this review in quickly since there doesn't seem to be a whole lot said about the quality of the game in the current (all-positive) reviews:First of all, there are notably low-quality aspects of the game right off the bat. Rough edges, if you will. There are interface oddities that make em think this was really meant to be a mobile game. There are some exceptionally ugly icons. The soundtrack, while cute in short bursts, becomes monotonous in minutes. Etcetera.Second of all, if you're here because of the brand, please know that this is not a true recreation of Super Dungeon Explore. It has its own systems, it simplifies combat dramatically, and it's very quest-oriented in a way that the board game never could be. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, as the game plays very smoothly and quickly, but please don't go into this expecting a faithful recreation of a game you already love.Finally, though, the game plays very well. Specifically it walks the fine line of making your character feel ""overpowered"" as they mow down anemies with weapons and magic, while also making the game challenging by throwing hordes of enemies at you. I'm enjoying it quite a lot.PROs:++Fast tactical combat+RPG mechanics+Source material+Quick ""rounds""CONs:-Poor visual quality-Mobile-style controls-The music-JRPG tropes, everywhereIf it appears interesting in the trailers, I would encourage anyone to try it. That said, feels beta-quality in a lot of regards, so a $20 price tag may feel like a lot for the end result."
76561198161868496,Recommended,463160,28381328,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Troggin,"FFT is my favorite game of all time. I've wasted weeks of my life playing Disgaea, Phantom Brave, and the FFT sequels (especially the Gameboy one).So, is this game as good as those? No. Do I like it? Yes.That being said, indulge me a moment to offer some constructive criticism to the developers.1. Story/writing. A big part of what made FFT and Disgaea so good was this. FFT was a great story told well. Disgaea really went the extra mile to create compelling characters and was legit funny. SDT is pretty flat in this department. I especially don't like the mage. The Shadowrun games would be a great example of making a weakness a strength and what to shoot for in the future.2. Sound. No voice-over. The music does not coincide with what's happening. In the opening our little town is getting raided and the music just plods along. Some sound effects to puncuate the dialogue would help.3. Gameplay. I like the gameplay. I thought I would not like the dice, but I like it a lot. The game could use a little polish (a little depth really), but pretty good.So, I'm going to keep playing this game and enjoy it and maybe SDT2 will be even better"
76561197973297729,Recommended,463160,31095551,Posted: 12 April,all,AminoAcid,"ProSDH is very fun game  with deep strategy behind it. Gameplay are great. Graphic in-game battle is alright. You can customize your own team and try difference strategy. Stage/Level in game can be easily replay anytime for better loot, So it's has high replay value.Conthe story is a bit too lame for me, not a huge down point but with Good story and narrative voice or character voice this game will be more interesting.Keyboard shortcut is Insufficient. most of the time I wish I could customise keyboard shortcut or add new one here and there. so right now you stuck with lots of mouse click.ConclusionI gave this game 8.5/10. very fun game for a cheap price. It's indie game that come to right direction with balance game machanice and has a lot of potention to grow. I like to support Dev so they can continue improve gameplay. May be in the next version, It will has more diversity monsters, tactics, maps, etc..."
76561198008729497,Recommended,463160,28386210,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Hoss Delgado,"Ok, So this game is pretty good but it does have a few drawbacks.The Good-Gameplay is your standard grid based combat and has a good amount of depth to it-Dialogue is full of pop culture references and pretty funny-Difficulty is good. The game on normal is well balanced and fun-Art style and character designs are nice-Seeing more of the Super Dungeon Explore World is coolThe Bad-Graphics are basic and the interface could have used some polishing-A few bugs such as names not appearing and pressing the ready button at the wrong time-No options within the game. (I had to kill the volume in my audio mixer)-Maybe a bit pricey(I haven't played enough to see the full scope of the game yet)Overall it has a few faults but it offers and engaging strategy rpg experience where you can upgrade your heroes equipment to make them stronger and recruit a load of different heroes to take on quests with a cutesy art style. It is a good adaptation of the board game and I am really enjoying the game so far."
,Recommended,463160,30229535,Posted: 27 February,all,malphaeus,"What I like about this game:-Game play is fast while maintaing satisfying depth and variety (dice assignment has a lot to do with this)-Is not too grindy, rather (as of right now) it feels just grindy enough-Invokes feel of Super Dungeon Explore (SDE) Board game-Pays homage to the 16 bit titles of yesteryear with its numerous nods JRPG tropes-I'm left feeling excited about new content and DLCThis game is really gratifying. As many other reviewers have pointed out, there are some areas that really need polishing. That said, the devs seem quite responsive to user input, and they release patches on the regular. I've only played the board game on which this is based (Super Dungeon Explore, or SDE) in Arcade Mode. While this title is not a direct port of the board game, the game has captured the feel of SDE admirably. The story is lite, but compared to SDE - which has no story or character growth (SDE: Legends not withstanding) - anything is a welcome addition.For my part, the quirks of interface and unpolished aspects are tolerable, and I remain confident that they will be addressed in time - i'd certainly not dissuade folks from getting this game on account of its issues if they are otherwise interested in it.So - if you like tactics, JRPGs, cutesy anime, engaging game play, and fun in general - Super Dungeon Tactics is certainly worth it."
76561197991985688,Recommended,463160,30043602,Posted: 19 February,all,Murderous Mumbles,Chibis? CheckHigh Fantasy Setting? CheckQuirky Characters? CheckFinal Fantasy Tactics Feeling? CheckSatisfaction? Check.Highly Recommend it for a pick up and play.Tons of unique equipment and ability load outs you can make any sort of squad for whatever you need.Though the music does need a volume button. Rip headphones9/10
,Recommended,463160,28435083,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,FroBodine,"I never heard of this game, or the boardgame it is based on, until two days ago.  Now I'm a big fan.  The game is excellent.  There are some UI improvements that the developers are working on right now, and some quality of life improvements, too.  They expect to release this update next week.  The devs are super responsive, and that's a huge plus for me!The character building is really a blast, much more involved than I expected.  It's all based on equipping gear, which give you new skills and stat improvements.  There is a ton of customization you can do with your characters.  And, you can select your party before each battle from your pool of characters.Combat is intense and very well done.  It very much reminds me of playing a miniatures boardgame battle, which I REALLY love!Overall, it's a very solid game, and it's only going to get better in the very near future.  I hope this game sells well, because the developers really deserve all the praise they can get.  And, successful games make for more updates and more stuff added to this wonderful game.Give it a try.  I hope you like it!  I sure do."
,Not Recommended,463160,28439594,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Tearful_Dawg,"The game does an adequate job of providing tactical, turn-based play. However:-'Creating a Guild of Heroes' is a bit of an embellishment.There's less of creating a guild, more of following mobile-esque story missions which add new characters to your pool. The bounty missions do a good job of providing loot, but they're limited. I don't see how there would be much replayability after you go through the story line once.-It fails to adequately explain its mechanics.Why are enemies getting buffed when I select dice? How does equipment affect my dice rolls? At what darkness level do spawners release spawns?-The UI is tedious and woefully inefficient.Before the start of a mission, if I haven't selected any consumables, I need to leave the mission select screen, go back to the main guild screen, go to the item select screen, select consumables, then go back to the main guild screen and then back to the mission select screen. The same situation if I haven't selected heroes. Additionally, once I go through that menu dance, if I click on a new mission, or even the same mission, my item/hero selections disappear and I have to do it all over again. Simply saving the last item/hero loadout, with a button to change the loadout right on the mission select screen would save a lot of clicks and minimize some frustration.During combat, the lack of hotkeys or even a hotbar is frustrating. Given the relatively few number of actions available per character, the actions I can take should simply just display near the bottom of the screen; I shouldn't have to keep clicking a character to click the end turn button.-There is no feedback to the player after the completion of a mission.In the event that you get loot during a battle, the excitement of discovering what, exactly, that loot was is left to the player to figure out--by going through the many guild hall menus. A relatively simple solution would be to show exactly what those items acquired are at the end of a successfully completed mission, and, even better, an opportunity to have that item immediately equipped.Again, the most critical element, the tactical gameplay, is solid, however, everything leading up to and away from that gameplay is a headache. With some common-sense quality of life UI changes and a more detailed explanation of its systems, this could potentially be a game worth playing."
76561198005957258,Recommended,463160,28459816,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Flatmouse,"Pros:This game is so cute it hurts.  Cute characters, cute personalities, cute ability names.  Automatic 7/10 just for the cute.I would say strategy-wise this is a middle-ground difficulty for this genre.  Most of the strategy is not so much about moves on the battlefield as it is setting up your team's equipment for good synergy.  Defense and reactive abilities play a much larger role than most turn based strategies, as the frequent respawns and high volume of enemies mean you'll be getting far fewer hits in than them.  It focuses more on endurance than maneuvering.  There are some very challenging levels, and enough difficulty settings to make it way too hard on yourself if you like that kind of struggle, but overall I'd say this game is at it's core about chilling out and kapow crash smashing kobolds to a pleasantly relaxing soundtrack.Cons:There are quite a few small improvements that could be made, but nothing I've encountered so far is game-breakingly bad.One thing I'd most like to see improvement in is the party management layout.  When equipping a character, I spend a lot of time flipping between it and the other characters to remember what I equipped, or what dice they're all contributing to the pool.  It would be beneficial to have a side-by-side roster-type comparison of the items and dice of each character, especially later in the game when you have almost a dozen characters, since equipping them to work together such a crucial part of your success on the battlefield.It would benefit from some streamlining of the UI as others have mentioned.  But even in it's current state, the UI isn't so unweildly that it detracts from the gameplay, it just takes a few minutes to get used to.  I mean really, if you still can't figure out how to play after reading the tutorial popups and clicking around for half an hour, you might want to reconsider if you should be purchasing strategy games at all.Verdict:A little clunky, but totally worth getting.  It's a casual, fun, and way too cute adventuring experience."
76561198025057577,Recommended,463160,28459334,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Lurker_GG,"Pros- fun simply tactics game- Good amount of rng each turn that wont ruin you- interesting weapon mechanics- Stable game, has not crashed on me yet, unlike a lot of AAA games as of late.- Able to replay missionsCons- some bugs here and there- Very Indie, UI could use some improvements and polish- Lake of voice acting, but again, super IndieOverall, fun for the amount spent on it and I have enjoyed playing it. They don't try to re-invent the wheel for the sake of re-inventing the wheel but still expand on the classic tactics rpg in simple and fun ways. Some loot grinding is there but not to the point it artificially attempts to lengthen the game by much, unlike other games as of late. But it probably would not have hurt it to go up as early access and not a full release.Final thoughts - If you liked x-com and final fantasy tactics, you probably will like this game if you can look past the Indie aspect. It will scratch that tactics itch you might be having."
76561198086047337,Recommended,463160,28391226,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Baelmung,"So this is being review by someone who has never played the board game and at around 1.5 hours of gameplay time. The time I feel many people choose to keep or refund their games. Here are my personal impressions:TL:DRThis is a nice little turn based rpg. You are builing up a guild, thus having a bunch of hero's to choose from. Each with their unique play style. These are you basic archetypes: barbarian, mage, rouge, ranger, etc. The graphics are not amazing, but the art sytle agrees with how it is implemented and its humor imo. As other have said, the music is repetitive. I have not found it annoying yet, but I have not played it for more than 1.5 hours at time of review.My rant:Gameplay:I really am enjoying the gameplay. The best thing i can relate the combat to is XCOM EU/XCOM2, only with reguards to actual combat. There is no meta strategy that I have come across yet. However, this is like xcom-light, since there is no percentage hit calculation. You will always hit your enemy. Many people will perfer this to xcom's rng demons ( i like them, but also enjoying this as well).From what I can tell, each hero gets an action and a movement, in any order. An action can be an attack, or an environment interaction. Consuming an item is a free action. Die are used, but only to give buffs/debuffs to your heros at the begining of each turn. This helps keep the combat a bit different every turn imo. Other reviews have said that the game does a good job of making your heros feel strong, by throwing waves of enemies at you and watching your guild mates crush them, which i fully agree with. This is not to say the game is a cake walk. Under harder difficulties, one wrong move will spell disaster for your heroes.Another positive point is that there is no lvling for your heros. Yes, I said that this is a GOOD thing, imo. You see them get stronger purely based on items/equipment. This means the heros you may not use often will not get left behind as you will aquire loot for them even if they are not in your party. This allows you to change party comp between missions at will without worrying about not lvling your favorites.So, it is obvious I like this game, but I will point out some flaws that I believe people should know before purchasing:* Everything is done purely using the mouse. No key mapping at all. They have said they looking in to fixing this in a patch, but it shouldnt have been an issue. You are builing a pc game.... you should be able to use a keyboard. Unless it was initially intented to be a mobile game.... i digress.* I can tell that the story will not be something that will pull you through the game. It is kinda interesting and a bit funny ish... The combat is enough for me to enjoy it for the price, but I know others may need a well written plot, which I do not see this as being anything other than building up a guild to accomplish harder and harder missions.* Every hero is predesigned. You cannot change appearance, sex, hair, etc. The only thing you can change is their name. Not an issue for me, but I know some people hate this.* My largerst complaint in this game, which I have seen this problem occur more frequently over time, is that new items and gear do not look any different! I hate this with a passion. So i finished the first non-into/tutorial mission. During the fight I saw that an enemy dropped an orange weapon! :) I went to my guild hall to look and it was a bad♥♥♥♥♥looking bow for my ranger. Much more intimidating than her current twig-bow. I equipped it and...... still looks like a twig bow. Same with armor. Come on devs! You have only 2 appearnce changing item slots! ( there is also accessory as well as some diamond type item, which seems to boost archetype stats, like my dwarf has the 8-bit guardian which increased defense die stuff) Let us see those bad♥♥♥♥♥items on our heros. Since we dont have lvling in the game, items are the only way to see growth, and I want to SEE it, not just look at stat increases. I know it is based off a board game, and you dont change the mini for every item, but use the video game medium to do things you couldnt do on the tabletop.Rant over...So, I will definitly be finishing the game over the next few months. I think it is worth the price and a really fun little tbsrpg. Small problems aside, if you really enjoy tbsrpg combat and the thoughts of building up a guild, then this is a good game for you. I will update review with info on more features as they present themselves."
76561198158149244,Not Recommended,463160,32098924,Posted: 31 May,all,tuckboat,The concept of letting die rolls determine what units can accomplish each turn is a nice twist on the srpg formula. However they failed miserably to build on that twist and it feels like they fired the game designer after the tutorial was finished and failed to develop the gameplay. Ultimately the game suffers from having a very limited set of options for each unit as it quickly becomes tiresome doing the same thing with each unit every turn. There really isn't much in the way of depth and it's unfortunate as I understand the boardgame was full of it. It seems like they attempted to streamline the experience for digital devices and inadvertenly ripped out the heart and soul of the experience.Pros...SRPG Tactical Combat still kick♥♥♥♥♥The writing and dialogue between characters is very well doneWell balanced difficultyAC/DCMusic....I can't recall anythign about it so i'll leave it hereConsShallow shallow shallow gameplayThe graphically presentation is just not appealing and usually I would stick this in the middle but outside of the character drawings present for cutscenes (from the board game I think?) there was very little attention to detail in the design and presentation here.Not Much In the Way of Progression
76561197982593797,Recommended,463160,28656437,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,wrathmaur,Fun conversion frpm a board game i enjoy.
,Recommended,463160,29553703,Posted: 28 January,all,Panda,"I was looking for something to scratch that tactics itch. This very much fit the bill! I really disliked how you would get more monsters popping up everywhere at first, but then began to accept and enjoy the added difficulty and planning that came with it."
,Recommended,463160,34010226,Posted: 4 August,all,AlexBowser,"With board game to digital translations, you never quite know what to expect - whether it will be a literal translation or something more creative. The devs have done a great job here though, taking the best parts of Super Dungeon Explore (the style and fun of the chibi miniatures) and making agreat digital game out of it. The gameplay is classic turn based tactics, with fun visuals and some really neat twists. It's structured nicely, and the whole thing is a blast. Am quite impressed at what they did with such a small team! In other hands, this could have been boring or incompetent. Instead, it's one of the best turn-based games on Steam I think."
76561197972366861,Recommended,463160,29193203,Posted: 11 January,all,dearinma,"Entertaining and Fun Tactics game. Never heard of the game or the minis it is based on until the release date but I'm glad I stumbled on it.Developers background on Mobile and Webpage games shows with some design decisions and lack of options, but they have been quick with updates to fix the worst issues/oversights. Their communication and updates to this point show that more is coming to this game and that a pretty good game could realize its potential and become great.Gameplay is good. Your heroes feel powerful as they destroy hordes of enemies -  attrition is your main problem. Spawners keep pressure on you in most missions to press forward and take chances, rather than arbitrary turn timers. Dice being rolled each turn and selected by both you and the enemy to activate abilites and buff units is a change from the traditional turn based formula I like. After the mid point of the game some missions do become slogs. This is especially true when enemies have high armor, which (like yours) regenerates every turn, and the large enemy forces make some missions play slowly. This required me to think more about optimizing weapon and hero choices rather than just picking who I liked at the moment to proceed.Despite this the game isn't very difficult. Playing on Veteran difficulty gave some tense situations but only a few truly hard objectives. The game is definitely at its best with story missions that have multiple parts where you have to split and reform your teams between them without knowing what might be coming next.Overall I enjoyed my time playing and will play through it again for sure. There are still a few wrinkles that need to be ironed out but as is it is worth your time. Especially at this price."
,Recommended,463160,34750444,Posted: 4 September,all,Wrathzog,"Don't let the graphics fool you, this game is good and fun.The gameplay is simple but pretty involved.  The bulk of your strategy will rely on mixing and matching equipment which are semi-randomly dropped from the missions you complete, equipping them to characters, and then selecting the right characters for a mission.  At a tactical level, the game can be a bit slow (dice assignment is time consuming and large maps with tons of enemies take a lot of time to get through) but is overall very rewarding.Elements that detracted from the game include nearly everything left to random chance and not being able to save in the middle of a multi-map mission.  Battlefield control is kind of wonky; threat is well implemented but monsters can still run past your frontline without anything to stop or slow them down.  Also, there's no way to influence initiative that I could see.  Non-HP consumables seemed pretty useless... but I say that in almost every game I play so whatever.The UI is adequate but could use a lot of polish to improve quality of life.  I would have liked to see an item-centric screen that lets me quickly see who can equip it and what the differences are.  Being able to adjust characters on the character... bar? on the bottom of the screen.  Saving consumable selection between missions.  Relatively small changes that could have improved my experience by quite a bit.The graphics are simple but in a cute way that doesn't detract too much from the gameplay.  I turned the music off because I was listening to podcasts so I can't comment on it.The story is simple and railroady.  Not really a selling point for the game.Overall, a fun game that I enjoyed.  Let's put it down as 7 piles of kobold corpses out of 10."
76561198190801962,Recommended,463160,29886675,Posted: 12 February,all,Hvid Drage,"I got this game out of pure curiosity of the mixture of elements. I am greatly impressed. The fact quests are repeatable is really nice, the classic turn base aspect gives a good strategic element. With it being about abilities, dice, cards, gear, turn-base, etc. which can sound overwhelming to some. It's actually not. Once you get a few battles in you'll start developing your own tricks and favorite heros. Easily would recommend getting this."
76561197990901792,Recommended,463160,29889482,Posted: 12 February,all,PonSquared,"A true JTRPG!  Also, Super Dungeon Explore.  This is a great game if you like TRPGs,  Highly recommended."
76561198056321742,Recommended,463160,28986879,Posted: 3 January,all,DamageInvite,"This game is incredibly fun. I was addicted from the moment I started.It's turn based combat that requires strategy.It allows you to create a party of your choice.Tanks get to be tanks thanks to a simple, yet incredibly effective aggro system.Loot is simple to understand and acquire.There is an element of randomness that keeps the game fresh and challenging.There is an immense amount of player choice: party composition, gear, turn order, dice, etc etc.Buy this one!"
76561198045942902,Recommended,463160,30502072,Posted: 13 March,all,Cyleal,"It's pretty great, Disclamer as I'm biased as a fan of the board game, having most of the expansions for it and ect. I really like the game, but I wouldn't have reccomended it at launch due to some usability issues, however The Devs have been updating and listening to community suggestions! So I can safely say this is a recommend, especially if it's on sale.Don't expect a carbon copy of the board game though. The mechanics are actually quite different which make it a solid tactics game. The equipment system allows you to use each character in a couple of different ways, although it does feel in some instances that a certain setup is strictly better than another one.Lack of movement animations is my biggest gripe, but not a dealbreaker. Many people just turn off movement animations in games like this anyways to speed up the turns, but I prefer the immersion of it."
76561198006295668,Recommended,463160,28380769,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,offwhiteknight,"This game feels like a mobile game. It's simple, has basic cartoony graphics, and the tactics feel almost puzzle-like at times. I am enjoying it though. The fun is there and the story line keeps the game moving. The characters are quirky and interesting in a well known way, i.e. the dwarf has a Scottish accent, the rogue is  scoundrel, the barbarian likes to fight everything, etc.It's worth noting that in combat there is no chance of missing an attack. You always hit and do the damage listed. The challenge comes from making sure you're in possition to attack. Ex. the ranger's bow (she has no melee attack) has a range of 4 spaces but can only attack the 3rd and 4th spaces. If that style of game play bothers you then you won't like this.Overall it's a good game even if it falls well short of great."
,Recommended,463160,32522583,Posted: 17 June,all,gareth_d_bowen,"Was a very nice tactical game.  85% rating IMO.Played each mission on level 4 difficulty (Normal+).  Anybody having trouble with this at lower levels must be bad at tactical games.Pros:Nice fluffy graphicsNo randomness in combat actions.  You know exactly how much damage you'll do per atatck, and to whom.  Randomness instead based on initiative order each round and on distribution of dice rolled for each PC and major enemy.  You'll then know if your turn is going to be good or bad and prepare accordingly.  No 5 misses in a row at 95% chance XCom style.Some nice customisation options for each character, be it weapons (AOE vs. single target armour piercing), armour (Heavy vs. faster), Amulet (Different active and passive abilities, including AOE party buffs within a small area), Misc (Extra HP?  Extra ARM?  Extra speed?  Auto enemy pushes?  Auto damage on nearby enemies?  Choose wisely - especially as some more powerful items are more likely to give you bad dice results.)Cons:A couple of missions I had to go to the forum as no idea what to do next.  I believe the mission text beign patched so you actually know how to find the missing villagers in one mission.A couple of missions (Haunted House) dragged as had to loop back around a very mazey set of corridors.Some options and characters did seem plain superior to others, but I think that's true of almost every game out there.  And finding the dirty combos is part of the fun of these games, right?Shallow story - not an issue for me personally as I just need a little bit of narrative garnish between massive killing sprees.  But, be warned, Baldurs Gate 2 this ain't...Item and equipment list gets cluttered.  Would be nice if you could bin certain items so they are not selectable (Maybe with option to search the bin if required) as no need to select from tier 1 weapons when up to tier 3."
,Recommended,463160,30366541,Posted: 6 March,all,photontorpedo,"I'm very much enjoying this game.  Don't let the cutesy art style fool you, there's a pretty solid tactical strategy game here."
76561197995389078,Not Recommended,463160,34220646,Posted: 13 August,all,Living Joker,"There are some great ideas here, but unfortunately the game is far too childishly written to be enjoyed narratively, many UI and skill decisions seem arbitrary and counter-intuitive, even going against tutorial information in at least one example (the Swing skill will not hit more than one enemy if there is a pile of hay between them), and the added RNG of the whatwillhappenthisround dice is unwelcome. I'd recommend this game to those who thoroughly enjoy one-dimensional character archetypes with no flaws nor redeeming qualities who want a very simple and tedious SRPG; not because of its mechanical depth, but because of the inordinate amount of time you'll spend doing the same thing over and over."
76561198035635933,Recommended,463160,32483499,Posted: 16 June,all,DarkBlaze,"Fun, wish there was a legacy mode that played like the board game."
76561197972314806,Recommended,463160,28382113,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[LaF]HateSmurf,"TLDR: Fun turn-based squad tactics game, has good game mechanics and art design, but lacks programing polish.Pros:+ Large variety of abilities and enemies+ Enemy AI is acceptible+ Cute art style+ Has not crashed on me.Cons:- Lack of options menu (sound settings, game tweaks)- Xbox controller not supported (or I haven't figured out how to get it work yet)- Out of battle UI doesn't scale down for high resolutions (1440p), so text bubbles are 3 inches high.- Plot line is weak, character banter is annoying.Final ThoughtsThe core of this game is fantastic and playing through the tactical battles in fun. Could use some more developer time to polish the game and add some quality of life features for players. I've been looking forward to Super Dungeon Tactics release and I'm not disappointed."
76561198196153470,Recommended,463160,28386287,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Monk Puzhi,"Great game overall. this is the old school classic turn-based srpg i used to play back in the old days.If u r a fan of this genre, give it a try.Dice assignment gives each character tweaks at the beginning of each turn. The rng motivates players to change focus and adopt more than one way of playing each role. Everyone this time gets some shine!!All characters have potential to be OP, as long as you assign them the right dice at the right time, and follow up with proper tactics.Haven't gone through the entire campaign yet, but I can tell you that this game has high replay value.5 different difficulty levels provide the right challenge/reward balance for all players. New to the world of turn-based tactic games? No problem, complete your quests under casual/easy difficulty. If u are an expert, then spice it up and try xtreme mode!!That being said, this game isn't perfect. Voice acting and character animations need some improvement.Other flaws have already been metioned by previous reviews, no point to repeat them here. Hopefully major flaws can be addressed in your next patch.21.99 CAD is a reasonable price for me. Keep up the good work; looking forward to ur next DLC.(A co-op online mode maybe? LOOL)"
,Recommended,463160,28461219,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,thesergent,"I learned about that game when my friend made me play the boardgame (he kickstarted it and got a beta version of the game). It looked so much fun and I instabought it when he got out.There's some little problem, like not be able to really see the icon on the hero card and some effect not really well explained, but otherwise the game is fun."
,Recommended,463160,28450432,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kelsuis,"I'm probably the first group of people that finish this game.my local price are not start at 20$ as you guys so I'm quite satisfied with how much i paid.gameplay is legit.dice system are really nice.early game may punish you too hard to make you leave though, but I play only on hardest or lower one.consider this as a single player where you have to come with strategies every time you move. until you beat the game.loot are random, but actually rig from pool they have and not random stats(for balancing)  I got everything so fast since I only play on hardest I think this is fair enough, but It just even make me stronger at end game and not so hard anymore.I just love this game. wish it get better UI and other thing we complain, so people could come and enjoy."
76561198025046340,Recommended,463160,28731492,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,pisaacs1,A pretty good game that I wished used more of the dice mechanics of the miniature game it is based on. I can't wait to see how future updates will affect things. Overall not bad at all.
76561198065858444,Recommended,463160,28966842,Posted: 2 January,all,Metal Madness,"Haven't yet completed the story, but I like where this is going. As a big fan of the board game (I own every set) I was initially anxious about how this game would function. Thankfully, they didn't just port the game over rule for rule (this killed Space Hulk's port). Instead it has become a somewhat barebones tactics game. I won't say RPG, that would be lying, but all in all I've enjoyed it so far.Features:Dialog, Story, Characters:Several of the characters (notably the Fighter and Barbarian) have accents which look like spelling errors at first.The dialog is light-hearted and fun, much like the flavor texts in the board game, but do belay the seriousness of the situation.The Heroes are not particularly memorable for there personalities, but each looks very unique and easy to understand.The enemies are surprisingly varied, and all look right. (Bone Heads and Rattle Bones are mislabeled).Story seems a little sparse.Graphics:It's a tactical game, they aren't gonna be great. They did capture each heroes appearance pretty well, though.All the enviroments are bright and alive (a welcome change from the prevelent doom and gloom pallettes of other games).I'd prefer running animations rather than the pick up and drop.Sound:The true weakness of this game. All of the soundtracks have so far been utterly forgettable, not even the menu theme says epic adventure.SFX are simple, no problems.Gameplay:Simple, but with a few add-ons that deliver a little more unique version of gameplay.Difficulty is punishing until you can figure out the game mechanics.Map's are themed to their areas, but differ greatly between them.The UI is very clunky to start with (learn the hotkeys), but they've already patched it, so I expect it'll get more fluid with time.Verdict: 7/10I like it. The art appeals to me. I love the board game, I like the video game. I hope a lot of updates and content are on their way. Sure, it's a bit clunky and buggy, (the fps likes to plummet randomly?) but this is literally the only game I've found of theirs. So, since it is appearently their first game, I will give them a little slack. (Raven's Cry, War Z, and Garry's Incident are proof of how bad this can actually turn out, so be thankful this actually feels like something you would spend money on).While $20 might be a little high of a cost, the series is built on expansions, so here's hoping!There is a great amount of room for expansions and DLC (hopefully most are free) to really expand the game, as the board game does."
,Recommended,463160,28381193,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,[NUBs] Jagonchen,"This game it's fun.It has good balance between rewards and challenge.Lovely characters.However Things I'd like to see and I consider would need some fixes/updates.*More environmental sound effects, maybe funny noices when the character and enemies ""speaks"", attack, die or take actions.*Some options and menus are not intuitive enough i.e mission, pick heroes and guild. They require some highlights."
76561197967625918,Recommended,463160,28473400,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kman,"I am fairly early in this game yet, but so far it has been fun and a fair challenge. Kind of a throwback to the console tactics games, such as Final Fantasy Tactics, Shining Force, Vandal Hearts, etc... but with a element of dice rolls connected to the equipement you wear, which does add something more to do and think about during battles and when equiping your guys.Has random drops for loot.Seems to have all your typical classes you would expect in fantasy based tactical game.The devs have been very active in the message board and are working on tweaks and improvements to the interface.UPDATE: They have made some nice changes to the interface and it is much better now.I would like to add the game is more light tactics casual fun style and doesn't overload you with to much information, but doesn't mean the game is easy, there are some hard battles. You can just set up your guys gear and play a battle without having to look at every little detail before you plan your attack. Not as deep as Final Fantasy Tactics with all the  characters and story. Yet still the dice rolls do add new a twist that FF Tactics doesn't have, nor others I have played. For a smaller dev team, I think they did a good job.They could have the beginnings of a soild tactics game series here."
76561198008888578,Recommended,463160,28396553,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,bloodiedsun,"Games amusing,Graphics basicly match the character models in the board game, didnt exspect the game to be of high quality like something from the FF15,The Games UI is rough, and but it's easy to get around with no problem, besides the anoying music.games provides a good challenge compared to an SRPG like disgea where all you need is high item world gear for 90/100 of the content.Dice system is fun and so freaken anoying at times, specialiy when the enemy keeps taking all the good dice befor you can pick your own.I recommend this game to those looking for an SRPG game."
76561197962554783,Recommended,463160,30266431,Posted: 1 March,all,TEMPEST,ZUGZUG
,Not Recommended,463160,28927013,Posted: 1 January,all,Talmorgoth,"What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ knock-off of SDE. If you are looking for Super Dungeon anything in a video game then do yourself a favor and pass this by. I'm honestly sorry I wasted 20.00 on it afterplaying it. My specific issues with the game are that it takes way too many actions to start a campaign and get a party together. After that once you get in to play, you better not drop your hero because that ends his move. The Glimmerdusk Ranger has an ability to shoot at an enemy but if they aren't lined up in your zone then you are out of luck. Even if that puts your target three squares away with nothing blocking line of sight. Add in to that the camera controls suck and you have yourself a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ moneygrab game."
76561198030834440,Recommended,463160,28397814,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,info,"One of my new favorites for sure!  Great turn based strategy.  Reminds me a bit of XCom and I love the tie in with the great board game.<UPDATE>More hours in and still enjoying it VERY much. The new update has made for faster gameplay, easier camera control, and let me control the music level. These were my three biggest concerns with the game.Oddly enough top of that list was the music - it was a bit loud and repetitive for my taste.The next concern I had was the camera was difficult to contol with the mouse roller button, you could only do small incremental movements. Now with wasd contols I can roam around the battlefield much easier.A big battle could take hours to play and much of that was caused by enemy movements. The developer has sped up the movements and it really helps pacing.Thanks to the developers for listening to the community and making changes (and fast too).Will check in again when I complete the game!"
,Not Recommended,463160,28397257,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,deusprogrammer,"I was hoping for something that was like the board game.  This game barely has anything to do with the board game.  Just in name and characters.Story is weak, game feels rushed, and little things like walking animations are none existent.  Not overly impressed."
,Not Recommended,463160,28408008,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,gamehits,"Initial Review: I am a GIGANTIC fan of the board game this is based on. I've painted my figures, I've got every version of the board game...heck, I even have as many collectible one-off's from conventions and what-not that I could get my hands on. Having said that, so far this game is a wreck. It looks and plays like a bad mobile game. The character graphic are good so I'll give the programmers a few points for that. But no way to undo moves? And even the board game starts out with 2-4 attacks/spells per character. I'll keep diging and post an update, but if I were you, I'd wait and see what the improvemets bring. As it is, this game is not good."
76561198048550478,Not Recommended,463160,28441423,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,bsworks,"I hope you're not like me and bought this thinking ""Super Dungeon Tactics? A grid based turn battle system?  Huh...I wonder if it's like Final Fantasy Tactics?""  Don't wonder any longer because it isn't.  I'm quite sure the game developers didn't spend any time looking over that game's shoulder or they would have got some pointers on how to get gamers more invested in the characters they played.  I could comment on how cartoony the charaters are, but Final Fantasy Tactics was the same (only their cartoony characters were capable of treachery and betrayal, making the overall mood of the game dark and oppressive).  However, this game is far more light-hearted and not nearly as deep but the playable characters  ... just show up ... they can be quirky but nothing draws you to them.I played the game with medium difficulty, shrugging off that it was nothing like FFT - yet I still had one major issue with it.In a turn based game, having a large opposing force is not challenging - it is boring.  Waiting for twenty enemy units to complete their turns made me feel like I should be folding clothes in another room while the enemy did his thing.And...the enemy also has spawners.  With a turn-based game, this is very bad.  While carefully chipping away at the enemies already on the map, the spawner can summon a sizeable army within six turns or so - giving them many attacks in succession that can easily kill a tanky character that was at full health while you still struggle to take down a heavily armored enemy with your small team.  Enemy spawners are not unheard of in tactical games but I would hope if the game sets you up to fight an army in turn based combat, you get to have an army too.   Unfortunately, just about the time where playable characters start arriving in twos and threes, the game starts to limit your access to them.  Meaning, your overall team chilling back at the guild hall could be sizable but you only get to utilize a scant few of them at a time depending on the mission.Dull story, dull characters, extremely boring waits while swarms of enemies move in one at a time to slaughter your poor overwelmed heroes.  Yawn...delete."
76561198006524453,Recommended,463160,28399920,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Hassie54,"No experience gained from battles, no money to buy items for healing and the like. These are not necessarily bad, but just makes the game not for me, not my style. This game has a lot of things that are different from what people might consider a ""normal"" Tactical RPG. It has the normal mechanics, and then it has some strange ones. Turn based fights, with squares, which is par for the course, but the weapons and armor decide your level, abilities and the dice that are rolled at the start of every round. The side of the die decies what each character gets as a buff or debuff for that round. This is an interesting mechanic, coupled with everything else.I had a bit of fun at first, but after I got out of the tutorial and into the game, doing a few missions, it struck me hard. Not getting experience or any type of money for completing the missions, just isnt for me. You get story or bounty missions, and what you earn in those bounty missions, is items such as gear or useable items like healing sodas. Some people will probably like this, as while it seems different and difficult, it is VERY simple and straight forward. You should not have a steep learning curve here, and after a few battles you will get how to play the battles to best survive.All this being said, I prefer a more typical RPG, where you gain experience to gan levels, and the levels increase your stats. For this reason, I just can't play the game, but I CAN recommend this game to ANYONE that is willing to play a tactical RPG, with some cute graphics and humor, with different game mechanics than the normal tactical RPG."
76561197981668347,Recommended,463160,28379557,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Blunce,Awesome turn based stategy game! Highly recommend!
76561198070224316,Recommended,463160,28382808,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,camyosh,"This game is pretty awesome, there are a few bugs here and there that i noticed but nothing major."
76561198040463925,Not Recommended,463160,30325746,Posted: 4 March,all,Child of Darkness,"Lots of eye-candy with the cute and sexy chibi characters but that's about it. Reminds me why I didn't like the board game version that much either. Games felt very boring and lack of any real tactical depth. Want something with similiar mechanics style but more fun consider games by Atlas such as Disgaea instead, way more character selection party pool, skills, gear etc. This is not a bad game for a tablet for someone to kill time I guess but I feel it's not a gamer's game."
,Recommended,463160,28368104,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,=Psinos Pro= MaggiDog,"WOW!!! Awesome game for this price!!! I really love Descent style games!!! Thank you devs, i hope this game will be bigger and better"
76561197967585155,Not Recommended,463160,28396698,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,[FUA]Hobb3s,"Just want a answer on if multiplayer is coming....will highly recommend if it does, otherwise its meh"
76561198044711083,Recommended,463160,28611014,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,kisukin,"The game is fun and appropriate in your proposal.I finished the game and I'm playing again to see if I did not miss anything.Strong points :- Dice system (small but important random factor in combat)- Variations of equipment (mainly weapons and crystals) that allows you to play with the same character differently- Nice visual (characters, monsters and maps).- Easy to moderate difficulty in the most difficult modes.What could improve:-Check the topic wishlist in community board"
76561198019819032,Recommended,463160,28689548,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Quoniam23,"An entertaining tactics game, that captures the light-hearted fun from the Super Dungeon Explore world.  While not a one-for-one translation of the tabletop game, it is a fairly nice adaptation.  The character modeling straight out of the board game.  While I do wish there was a multiplayer or hot seat function, I am quite happy with the game as it stands.  Worth the $20, or if you play the tabletop game you can also get a key with the Iron Golem figure.  Well done Underbite and Sodapop Minis."
,Recommended,463160,32137085,Posted: 2 June,all,The Lone Shackleford,"I have searched for games to rise to the level of FFT (Final Fantasy Tactics) and Ogre tactics  and surprisingly found a very large number of tactic games. Most just did not do it though. Some were good and some bad but did any including this match my joy in playing this genre previously?while I am only a few days into it, is easily the most fun I have had in this genre for a long time. Time will tell if it is as special as my favs in hindsight but it looks promising. Either way I am having too much fun playing this wonderful gem.To the Makers of this game I say Thank you. i hope you plan on making this a series and I would happily pay triple the price or more for an extended version of this game.Great games always have something you cannot quite define. They just make you feel good playing them. so thank you for that. Clearly you get what makes this genre fun, as many have tried and come up much shorter. This will happily sit comfortably with my favorite tactic games.***Other Tactics games that are really worth playing are  ""Luminous arc 1 and 2"" and you can play them on the DS emulator. The same company made another great triumph, this time for the 3DS called ""Stella Glow"" (SG). All are fantastic fun and I'd rank them all even with FFT. Opinions may vary of course but I on most days would choose Luminous Arc and SG over FFT to replay. Of course if anyone has never played the gameboy tactics game ""Ogre Tactics"" (not the Nintendo console ones, though they may be some fun too, they seem lesser right off) Then you should...Only after buying this game though :) Support this talent so they make more of this delicious creation! Cheers."
