user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198243134118,Recommended,463270,25729408,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ms. Millions,"I love this game. Pretty much everything about it. Just plain fun from start to finish. This game is the business. If you like jumpy, shooty, buying weapons, good clean fun, this game is for you.When deciding whether or not to buy a game normally what I do is read the negative reviews. Which you should. So if you're on the fence about it I'd like to address the more common criticisms:1) ""It's short.""Well, yes. Yes, it is.2) ""You lose all your money when you die!""Yes you do. It's literally the ONLY penalty for dying in classic mode. You can farm for more money. This was a necessary design to keep things lively.3) ""The controls are...""Nope. They're awesome. And customizable. Maybe there used to be some problems but if so, they've been fixed. Brings me to...4) ""The developers are...""Lemme just stop you right there: the developer is AWESOME. Franfistro (did I spell that right?) has kept on the pulse of these threads and provided several modifications/tweaks as requested by the players. A ""skip rescue mission"" option was even added for those who didn't like that part of the game. So really can't complain there. I only hope they'll add a new game + option because I want to keep playing until my fingers bleed.5) ""The game's too easy/it's too hard...""You people are never happy. It isn't Dark Souls, and it isn't solitaire, alright? If anything it's Dex. Which is fine because I freaking LOVE Dex.It's just plain fun."
,Recommended,463270,32740128,Posted: 24 June,all,Aichten,"If you like metroidvanias, this game is an instant classic. I don't think there was a single moment where I wasn't having fun. The controls are tight, responsive, and understandable. The weapons and abilities make sense, and are fun to experiment with.Also, lots of hidden goodies and secrets to find!Top notch entertainment all around, and the aesthetic is quite appealing.Definitely gonna gift this to some friends :)"
,Recommended,463270,23469296,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,TheGrymlock,"OK I'll be honest. I deleted my negative review. I went outside, had a smoke, calmed down and went right back to it. I have been playing all day since. I'm not a reviewer, but I will say it's bosses are Dark Souls level difficult and it plays somewhat like Metroid and Trine combined. Once you figure out the mechanics it's super fun. Good job dev. Really"
,Recommended,463270,23430199,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,JayToriko,"If you loved Unepics sense of humor you're going to love this game. I'm enjoying it. :3 It's silly. I love the random guns from alerting alarms. I love the Metriodvania like gameplay. I love how easy it is to move around. The weapons and collecting. :3 It's roguelike in the sense of weapons and loot, but not in the sense of layout. Get this game if you love and support Unepic!"
,Not Recommended,463270,29191254,Posted: 11 January,all,Obi,"Most people describe this game as a metroidvania. It's one of the more popular tags for it and the main reason I bought it. Ghost 1.0 really isn't a metroidvania game though. It's more like a linear level based platformer. Sure all the areas are connected, but besides teleporting back to shops there's no real reason to return. The typical game loop goes:unlock areacollect 5 keys to unlock the next areafight bossrepeatThere are some movement upgrades you can unlock in your skill tree, but they dont really allow access to any new areas or items, and aren't necessary to progress. Most weapons and upgrades are bought in shops.There are secrets in Ghost, quite a lot actually, almost every room has one. The process to make each secret appear is pretty random though, and there's never environment hints on what to do. Some of the kinds of things you have to do are:Jump in a certain spotPossess a specific enemyKill all enemiesOpen and close the menuShoot a random spot on the wallHover in a random spot in ghost modeIt gets pretty tedious doing this for every room. And the rewards are usually only some money or a weak healing item.So Ghost 1.0 doesn't really check the metroidvania boxes for me. How is it as a platformer? For the most part pretty good! The movement is precise. The boss fights are fun. There's lots of different weapons you can buy, so there should be something that fits your playstyle. Although they are kinda expensive to buy and upgrade, so it's likely you wont wanna give up your earlier fully upgraded weapons.The story is good, if a little predictable. The graphics are nice, and they have fun little 90's style cut scenes. This fits really well with the cheesy(but enjoyable) voice acting.So why dont I recommend this game? Two reasons:One, the developers like to troll the player. Some boxes drop bombs instead of money. Deaths are often used as a way to teach a concept or just for ""fun"". One particularly annoying exampleA boss that dive bombs and kills the player after it's defeated. Every time you die you lose ALL your money (and items depending on difficulty). This is so frustrating because a lot of your upgrades have to be bought in shops. Try and spend your cash early and often, but some things are expensive so you have to save for them.Two, The lab area. About halfway through the game your fun shooty-jumpy game is replaced with a puzzle section requiring super precise timing and movements. BTW make any mistakes you die! Start over from the beginning! Most times you can possess other robots, but some of the puzzles you have to do yourself. So you die, lose all your money, have to walk aaaaaaallll the way back from the last save room. I almost quit when this was reintroduced near the end of the game. Fortunately that section has an option to completely skip from the game menu. (So they knew it was bad enough that there is a skip option, but still left it in the game?)If you're a platformer-shooter fan you might like this game. But if you're looking for a metroidvania, I recommend something like Axiom Verge instead."
,Recommended,463270,23447059,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,BNG,"So I've only played 2 hours of this game, but I strongly believe a game should capture your attention within that amount of time.  This is the first public review I've written, but I really feel this game deserves it, as it could easily slip through the cracks.If you enjoy metroidvania style games, then you are pretty much guaranteed to enjoy this one.  I'm having a blast playing!  One thing that BLEW MY MIND was when I just now booted up the game to play a second time.  I was immediately greated with a ""recap"" of the story so far, up to the point where I had last saved.  This is something I've always thought every single-player game should do!I freaking love all of your game, devs, so please pat yourselves on the back. <3"
,Recommended,463270,26518319,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,bluemuppet,"An excellent puzzle platformer with metroidvania elements, this game is polished and well made. Level designs can be a touch simplistic early on, but the gameplay ramps up nicely as you progress.Pros- Beautiful artwork- Solid gameplay- Entertaining story- Intuitive game mechanics- Large variety of weapons and gadgets- Four large zones to play in, plus two more story-related areas- Collectables- Nice easter eggs scattered throughoutCons- A little slow to start- A couple of rooms are more frustrating to pass, rather than fun to overcome- The ending seemed very abrupt- Can't rework the skill tree (afaik)- Secondary weapons need more attention drawn to themOverall I thoroughly enjoyed this game, expect 12-24 hours of gameplay to complete. I really hope there is a sequel or expansion coming."
,Recommended,463270,26067418,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,NBlast,"I have like/hate relationship with this game, resulting in positive, but very cautious recommendation.Ghost 1.0 feels very ambitious in many places, which I commend and support wholehearthly, but there are some blind spots that show up very often in design, story, art and gameplay, ultimately making the game take a serious hit.Story is really a weakest part of the game. It's not the worst story ever, since main characters are likeable, but the all other elements seem to be duct taped. Pacing is schizophrenic, bombarding you with cutscenes with (reasonably good) exposition early on, after which everything is put into halt. Aside from the main ""twist"" there is like to no intersting plot moments at all, making whole supporting cast insignificant and dull. Humor fails flat most of the time, with lots of unfitting referential humor and jokes that overstate their welcome. I recall that I only laughed once in the game from a clever joke. Whole main trio's voice acting is decent, with any other character sounding extremely unprofessional.The base gameplay consist of you exploring the space station and trashing robots with various weapons. Exploration is fine, but the most hidden secrets use the ""souls"" system. It is sometimes completely idiotic, requiring you to do seemingly random task, without telling you exactly what to do. Combat is also sound, with good gamepad controls and satisfying shooting, but the overreliance on kill-rooms in form of alarms shows how the design is ultimately a little bit too shallow to flesh out interesting set pieces and level designs. Whenever game tries to mix things up with the gameplay, it falls short throwing tedious, disguised puzzles as an answer. In result, both Labs and Rescue Mission levels are really tiring and not as good as the rest of the game.I must give to the devs that they got in some interesting innovation in form of two completely different game modes. They change gameplay structure significantly, resulting in game's high replay value and a reason the play it at least twice. The Classic Mode looks like Metroidvania, but it only takes an open-ended level structure as a base. For example, there are no gamechanging upgrades that open new areas. You still get improvements for your robot and while they are mostly useful, they don't change the style of play that much. Survival mode is the real innovation, mixing the classic formula mentioned above with upgrade acquisition in vain of Binding of Issac or Risk of Rain. While story advances regardless of your skill and deaths, more you stay alive, then more difficult the game becomes and more ridiculously powerful your character gets. Die and you reset the difficulty to level 1 and lose most upgrades. Great idea and great execution.Art and music is good, but I'm ultimately disappointed with it. Locals and areas become really stale after a while with lack of variety. Music score seems to have some really nice ideas here and there, but they aren't really realized enough, leaving some seemingly good tunes not as engaging or memorable as they were planned to be.The soundtrack really mimics the state of the whole game. It's a decent title, with effort put into it, but something doesn't really click here. I would be really happy to ignore many of the title's faults, like in many other games I reviewed very positively. However, in the comparison, the core gameplay and structure isn't really consistently good enough to make me turn a blind eye on the faults. Then the game was at its best, I couldn't stop playing it, but the moment something slipped, the positivity started to fade.I ultimately give it a positive recommendation, because good parts of Ghost 1.0 are still there and you really get a bank for your buck content wise. It's really shame that this content isn't really polished enough to be really outstanding."
,Recommended,463270,23480049,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Otter Chaos,"You have to compare Ghost to Unepic, the other game from @unepic_fran.  But I won't.  I'm a rebel like that.  It's just one of the many benefits of being a washed up fifty year old full of heart disease and gin.  I just don't give a ♥♥♥♥.Anyway.  Ghost is a pretty sweet game.  A comparison I will make is to Symphony of the Night.  That was, for all of you youngsters, one of the best games ever made.  Wikipedia has it listed as being on thirty “best game ever lists”, and if there's one thing we know, its that being on a lot of lists is important.Why!  Why would I compare this to such an amazing classic!  Oh, the wailing and gnashing of teeth!  Calm down you!  Comparison is simply “the act of looking at things to see how they are similar or different”!  I'm not placing Ghost on the level of such a timeless classic.  Or am I?  Suspense!  Carry on, dear reader!You know, when I was a child, I was much younger.  That's irrelevant.  So why did I even write that?  We may never know.  What we do know, however, is that Ghost is a worthy entry into the metroidvania genre, giving us so many of the things that made SotN such a great game.  I haven't gotten far enough into Ghost to know if the castle flips upside down, but here is what I do know.1:  The level design consists of rooms, and your map reflects the areas you have explored.2:  Many rooms have replay value because you can complete them at an “alert level”, but do them again at a higher alert level for more challenge and currency.  Many rooms also have a secret in the “hidden souls” which give you various boosts and cosmetic upgrades.3:  Aren't llamas weird?  What's with all that spitting?4:  Interesting cutscenes intersperse the gameplay, making things lighthearted and joyous.5:  RPG elements that you can choose improvements to your character, and in fact, to the dungeon itself.6:  Many other things that I can't be bothered to write about, or haven't even seen yet.So there you go.  I like this game a lot, but sadly, spend a good deal of my time at home in a state that leaves me unfit for games that require any amount of dexterity.  I still suggest this game though, provided you are not an avid consumer of Bombay Sapphire gin or equivalent, and also that you are ready to relive some old-school SotN action.  Four blurry thumbs up."
76561198037164213,Recommended,463270,32764381,Posted: 25 June,all,Estradus,"Pretty good metroidvania sort of game, featuring a fantastic 360 degree shooting system and is the only platformer I have ever played that is easier to control on a keyboard than on a gamepad. The character feels a bit slow, however; the main character is billed as acrobatic but sometimes it feels like you're stuck on the loosing end of a bullet hell shooter at later levels, and the lack of a dash or run button for much of the game makes the already present excessive amounts of grind required feel all the slower. The main characters have a fun dynamic between each other and interesting personalities, but this is balanced by the villians being pretty generic. The pacing of plot events seems a bit all over the place as well, to the point where I'm not sure if the game is taking place over the course of hours or months.Overall, I have a lot of very small problems with the game, and the medium sized problem of way too much grind, but none of these problems are deal breakers and the overall experience is pretty fun for those who want some metroidvania action. 8/10."
,Recommended,463270,28594552,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jorbun,"This game appears to be an homage to Metroid. Female protagonist collecting powerups, fighting bosses, and exploring a large area to uncover information? It should be obvious within 10 minutes of starting the game.It falls a bit short of the Metroid 'standard', but is good enough to earn a recommendation from me. With that out of the way, here comes a torrent of criticism. (Possible spoilers ahead)The voice acting isn't good. The animation in the cutscenes is bad. The story lacks details and flips between serious and humorous too much. The final boss involves a deus ex machina.Near the beginning of the game, the characters discuss how none of them would be a good video game protagonist because of the three, one is fat, one is black, and one is female, and everyone knows only a muscular white man can be a video game protagonist. This is a thinly veiled criticism of mainstream gaming trends, but manages to come off as self aggrandizing on the part of the writers.From the middle to the end of the game, the characters frequently discuss whether or not androids are conscious, and whether they deserve human rights. You expect this to play into the story heavily because the player can see that Ghost is a digital ghost ""possessing"" an android chassis. But the ending completely sidesteps the whole argument, even going so far as to have the characters express vindication that a computer really can't be conscious.This actually offends me. Firstly, I would never make a story deeply involve such a philosophical argument as ""can machines be conscious"", and then not resolve it within the context of the story. Dodging it like this is cowardly.Second, One of the characters actually makes arguments for the possibility of machine consciousness. Then by the end, he agrees that it was never possible. So the writing even contradicts itself.Third, the story is in a sci-fi setting, a genre which deals largely with the ""what-if""s and ""could-be""s of our future. For the ending of this game to then state that one of the genre's favorite speculation material - True Artificial Intelligence - can't exist? It doesn't merely go against storytelling convention, it's a spit in the face of any sci-fi enthusiast who happens to play this game."
,Recommended,463270,23502995,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Ghost 1.0is absolutely excellent. Period.If you are even remotely a fan of MetroidVanias or even just platformers in general, I'd highly recommend giving this a go - and hey, the asking price is very little fortonsof content and replayability.Essentially, this is a MetroidVania (ie. open world to explore with restricted access areas that need new abilities to open up), with an awesome roguelite angle that really freshens the genre up.Not much else to say here. There is an economy system. When you die, you generally lose all of your 'money' or 'cubes', but retain your upgrades.Lotsof upgrades both permanent and one-shot. There is a very large map, with areas definately feeling substantially different.Pros:+Excellent artwork and music.+Oh the humor is great!+Voice acting is top notch - particularly for an indie title.+Price is too low.+Very addicting.+Ilovethe roguelite/randomness addition - while the map is static, what weapons you choose to buy is up to you and they all play fairly differently.Cons:-Honestly, not many. There is a bit of 'rinse and repeat' that comes with any MetroidVania, which is the same case for this title.Totally worth full price."
,Recommended,463270,27395616,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sharkman.ru,"Some metroidwania type games have a very hard learning curve.This one is not the case.It is so well balanced, you do not need to suffer too much if you loose.Just sit back, relax and enjoy.Games ment to be fun, right?"
,Recommended,463270,23802238,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lajcik,"I have a lot of praise for Ghost 1.0 because it's a really well designed game with a lot going for it.The story is nothing to write home about but it's solid, well written and interesting with twists in all the right places. It sports the same kind of geeky sense of humor that Unepic had. The jokes are tacky but the game never takes it self too seriously keeping the tone light.The level design is very good, constantly introducing new elements but never repeating itself too much. Each area has its own unique thing going for it that never overstayed its welcome. The controls are tight and responsive making the platforming and combat a smooth experience. I haven't missed a single jump or had any 'accidents' that make you feel like you died because something was unfair or badly implemented. The game was easy to pick up and never got in the way of itself.The characteristic trait of the game is the ghost mechanic which lets the heroine leave her body and take over enemies for a while. It's a great idea that also happens to fit into the theme of the game very well. It interlocks with practically every other part of the game: combat, puzzles, even boss fights but it never feels like it dominates the game. You could say that it's done just right, there is just enough of it to keep you interested without making you rely on it too much.The boss fights themselves were varied in an interesting way. Each boss is unique and requires a different approach to defeat it. I was plesantly surprised, coming in expecting the regular 'more bullets, harder patterns and more health' type of boss progression. Instead the fights were really interesting.There are a few things that bothered me a little though. One thing was that you lose your currency on death which combined with growing prices on new guns made it impossible to try all the weapons without extensive farming. Combined with the inability to test the guns on display at the store it was a source of some frustration. Is that gun any good? Will I like using it? There were some sections that would have been easier to handle with certain weapons (which is a great idea) but with no way to try these weapons out it's really hard to know. It certainly makes the final fight more annoying...There's also a mechanic that allows you to turn off certain upgrades to your character at will but the game doesn't really make any interesting use of it. There are literally two places where this becomes somewhat useful and that's it - you could even complete the game without realizing you could do that. It's a huge wasted opportunity in my eyes as the idea is an interesting one.One other thing is that Ghost 1.0 doesn't really have much of the 'navigating a giant maze' aspect of the genre. You just get keys for the next area and go there. No backtracking to search for secrets once you unlock a new ability, no branching pathways. The double jump and so on abilities are there, but their sole purpose is to give you more mobility, you never really need them for anything. The secrets themselves are there, but they feel kind of lame. Each room has a prize that is revealed once you perform a specific action. Like reach a certain spot or destroy enemies in a certain way. It's not that it's bad but with no visual clues it feels kind of random and makes you want to ignore it altogether.Still, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys this genre - it's great fun."
,Not Recommended,463270,23500977,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Sly Fly,"I really tried to like this game, but it failed again, again and again.I am a biased player. Positively biased, being one of the first supporters of UnEpic.I remember how Fran spent few hours mailing with me and drafting debug tool over and over just trying to nail the bug that was encountered by 3 players out of his playerbase.That dedication to quality of product I worshipped and brought this example in conversations with other people dabbling in gamedev on numerous ocasions.However, no dedication to the game itself nor quality I see in Ghost 1.0.Now lets break it down, shall we?1) Gameplay is boring and easyI completed the bloody thing on hard difficulty and I found it to get more and more easy the further I went.Abosolute lack of skill was required even at the final battle - all I had to do is spam healing and jump around like a madman while holding down the left mouse button.You are dishing so ridicilous ammounts of damage and such wide arc, that aiming is no longer required - you always hit at least 5 enemies as long as you hold down the fire button.2) Secrets are nightmareThis is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. In order to get access to secret in a room (which are souls, that just kinds start floating around if you trigger them - and which is also never explained) - you need, as mentioned above, trigger their appearance by doing something very specific. And this little something can vary between ""stand over there"" to ""control that bot and kill those enemies in that specific order"". Or open your main menu. Or de-equip your powerups. Or crouch for some time without moving. Or whatever you can possibly think of.Are there *any* clues to which action is required? Nope - just keep doing random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t until it is triggered.That is not a puzzle, that is just simon says without actual toy.3) Skills.First of all, their description explains jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ The one and only game who does skill description worse is Overwatch, describing Genji's ultimate ability as ""unleashes a deadly weapon"".Second of all, a decent chunk of those skills are utterly useless.And keep in mind impossobility to respec your skills, while you are able to aquire only ~35% of tech tree. Also knowing nothing of what they actually do. Have fun.4) Game gets veeeery undercooked near the end.I suspect that Fran was running our either out of time or money. Possibly both.There are *glaring* problems with end-game content.My favorite example being isafter Ghost rescues team's hacker.There is absolute blackness for four minutes with some dialogue. Absolute. Bloody. Darkness.No visual aid at all. Previously game was kind enough to give us a loop of 4 frames for something like that, in that case it is just utter darkness.Also, lyp sinc is gone. Plot is obvious, ending is rushed and dull.5) Platforming is frustratingEspecially part inunderground facility. I felt like I was playing unfair mario - dying over and over again on the same jump just because I was few pixels short. When that did not happen - horrible controls came in play, which brings us to the next point.6) Controls are horrible and humane rebinding is non existantWhile in combat all is required is just to jump and shoot - it is not *that* relevant since, well, it is not a whole lot of buttons you need to use at the same time. However, if precise platforming is required - and by precise I mean that you will need to be a bloody jeweler with microscope by hand, you will note those flaws very, very easily - most annoying being unable to rebind duck-n-roll to sensible and comfy shift button. Instead, you are forced either to fiddle with movement controls manually, which is not an option when precision and speed is required, to bash any letter on the keyboard *while* you are required to keep hands on WASD and mouse, or stretch your left pinkie all the way to Ctrl. I went with last one and my pinkie was literally achign when I was done with that madness of duck-n-rolling.Summing it up -I did have fun with it for first few hours.Then it all went just straight to hell.I fail to recognise work of a developer I respected as creator of quality content."
,Recommended,463270,23467075,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,ReLory Brony,Metroidvania ✓Multiple languages ✓Awesome story ✓Nice OST ✓Geeky moments ✓Replayable ✓Hard bosses (even on normal difficulty) ✓Troll developer ✓Fluffy kittens ✗Score: 8/10
76561198056845444,Recommended,463270,28366368,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,adamd513,"Made me laugh for 2 minutes when it asked to ""type in a name for the game,  choose carefully, as it can't be changed later"". So I typed in Changed Later, and it wouldn't accept it. 10/10. Seriously tho this game is AWESOME.Nice tight controls good graphics, lots of cool stuff to find, and funny moments. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,463270,23430456,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,awkwardpaws,"This is a lot of fun so far.  Although I have quite a bit further to go, I can already recommend this.  It's lived up to the previews I've seen on Twitch."
,Recommended,463270,23542623,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,☜★☞ Mechanoid,"2nd best metroidvania game out here, alot of fun and puns :D.*Great and fun story.*Good sounds.*Nice pixel graphics, realy well done.*Cool boss fights.*Lots of customisation options with weapons to choose from.*Smooth gameplayjust watch the trailer to see how it is.Yeh this is a great game which you should definitly get.Well worth the price, would buy again...if only  there was multiplayer ;)8/10"
,Recommended,463270,26228723,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,barefootguy88,"These guys made Unepic. Unepic is a very fun game, full of personality.Well, i was kinda worried: hope this game is good too.Ghost 1.0 is so fun. bought it as soon as i heard it was from these guys and couldnt stop playing for hours. finished it without playing anything else in the meantime.Buy this game. Even at full price. And play it on survival mode, it offers a more variegate gameplay.9/10. not 10 cause i want them to do MORE GAMES MORE OFTEN, so i'm promising a 10 only for the next ones.I regret buying this on sale, it was worth the full price."
,Recommended,463270,25405048,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Baphomet,"Ghost 1.0 is a very desirable futuristic metroidvania that stays more true to the formula than most other games in that genre. You play Ghost, a character capable of taking control of robots, on a seemingly improvised mission to fulfill a request made by two nerds (Jacker and Boogan) who seek to understand the secret behind a new model of android that seems all too realistic.The majority of the game takes place on the Nakamura space station which is almost like a living creature made robotic with its layout and self-repairing systems. Every room you clear out will have little robots rushing in to rebuild turrets and drop capsules bringing replacement units. Even the non-combative elements of the station will summon legions of soldier robots to attack you if they see you as a threat. This added a lot to the feel of being inside of a self-repairing space station in addition to giving the player an impetus to move on to the next room.As you would expect, the gameplay in Ghost 1.0 is among your typical metroidvania faire so I won’t go much into that. Aiming is a bit different however, since you have a bit of a dual stick feel to your “move and shoot” and instead of having to face your target the whole time you can move in one direction and fire in another.  You get a variety of weapons and armor upgrades that can be purchased or found throughout your exploits on the space station, as one would expect, and several specialized items exist to counteract threats found in specific areas.One interesting thing the game adds is the not-so-documented ‘Souls’ system. Every room has some sort of interesting challenge or hard to reach location that, when reached or achieved, releases a bunch of glowing souls into the room. Collecting all of the souls will net you a reward ranging from an upgrade to your max ammo, health, or just a bunch of cubes. Finding out what exactly unlocks the souls for each room is a bit of an exercise in experimentation and not every soul location is obvious or even unlockable, depending on your progress in the game. Fortunately, it seems like the rewards are pooled per sector and you need only gather souls until the game starts giving you cubes as rewards, instead of upgrades, indicating a “tapped out” area (that was my experience at least!).Ghost 1.0 is the kind of game that challenges you to adjust your standards about a genre. Sure, it has a few SJW-esque elements (mostly involving jacker the neckbeard and ghost) but none of these are so damning that they would keep me from enjoying the game. The rest of the game is absolutely solid and actually very fun and worth the 19 hours I put into it. I would recommend this game even at full price, pick it up and see for yourself!"
76561198043300872,Recommended,463270,33003265,Posted: 29 June,all,ViperClaw,"Fight, explore, gain currency, upgrade and while doing so, enjoy a catchy soundtrack, good written dialoges, funny references and a nice little sci-fi story.It's also challenging but fair.This game is such a little gem. I love it."
,Recommended,463270,23529908,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Squire Zed,"A solid platformer at a good price. The game reminds me of a variety of things; perhaps the best summary is something like ""Symphony of the Night meets Dark Souls"". There are two gameplay modes (survival, which plays more like a roguelike apparently and classic which is a more traditional Metroidvania) and three difficulties for each which provides a decent array of challenges for any player. Boss fights require pattern recognition and decent skill, and searching for upgrades, which are scattered throughout the maps through hidden ""souls"" and in shops, with a variety of upgrades and tools you can grab to either make fights easier or explore faster. There are a variety of skills that can enhance your base abilities, with a passive bonus for points in each tree supplementing the individual elements of each tree. Dying costs you all your money (by default, which you can mitigate with starting money found through upgrades) and shunts you back to a 3D printer to respawn. You can travel between these, which alleviates the walking required, and save your upgrades and loot here (on Classic).You can acquire a variety of primary weapons and quite a few different sub weapons, which provide a variety of strategies ranging from beam weapons to deployable drones. You can also do your traditional movement upgrades to move more quickly and reach new areas, though these are mostly optional (I'd recommend them though). There are plenty of secrets scattered throughout the various maps, some with great benefits like more HP or ammo and others that are just easter eggs. The writing is decent and the voice acting, while not perfect, is fun. The subtitles are not super accurate, but item descriptions are satisfactory and overall the game's sense of humor lasts well through the end, leaving me wanting mroe.The boss fights are decently clever, and there are various mechanics that force you to adapt and use different weapons and strategies for each fight. None of these fights are too rediculously hard, and sometimes they can be a bit too easy, especially if you've gotten as many upgrades as you can. Unfortunately, these can't be repeated in the course of a story run, and if there's a boss rush mode or a way to repeat the fights I missed it. More interesting are arena fights in the form of ""alarms"". These are either triggered as you progress through areas or as optional encounters off to the side in areas. As you repeat alarms, the difficulty level increases, resulting in more (and often times more dangerous) enemies.The soundtrack, while not phenomenal, is solid and immersive and doesn't get annoyingly repetitive, unlike some others. The sound design is nothing extraordinary either, but things sound like they ""should"" based on other games, so it's nothing to worry about.Now for a summary:Pros:Cool upgrade system that encourages collection and synergizing.Gameplay is solid and difficulty is neither too hard nor too easy (based on a medium playthough).Story is good and compelling.Writing and humor are engaging and amusing without becoming heavyhanded. (I was surprised by the ending, which is rare, although it's not the most unique ending I've ever seen.)Cons:Too short; I could stand twice as much content easily (again, it's worth the price, but I liked it so much that I'm left wanting more)No new game plus; even if just repeating with your unlocked ""geekies"". it would be nice to play through again, even if just with a few nods to your previous run.Difficulty is middle of the road, but some segments may be too difficult/frustrating for some players or to easy/repetitive for others.Don't let the length of the ""Cons"" section fool you; I recommend this game readily, and look forward to more content from this indie developer.Verdict: B+"
,Recommended,463270,33823131,Posted: 26 July,all,Moonmadness,"Don't be swayed by the basic graphics and the somewhat cringe cutscenes, this is actually a great metroidvania game with everything you could wish from it: non-linear exploration, lots of weapons, items and unlockable upgrades to collect, new skills to acquire and even a lot of challenges for those who can't have enough.The most surprising aspect though was the story. It's really well written and lets you come very progressively to understand what's going on. An unusual feat for the genre.By any means it's worth playing."
76561198033610280,Recommended,463270,23491694,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Snufkin89,"I don't really write reviews, and I wouldn't even know how to write a good one, but I did feel that I had to write one for this game. There was one thing thing in particular that I realized when I was close to finishing the game (Classic mode, normal difficulty). I'm playing with a 360 controller, and there hasn't been a single time that I have failed to execute a move when pressing the appropriate button. Not one single time. The controls are amazingly smooth, especially for a game originally written for mouse and keyboard.I really liked the story. It touches on some pretty interesting topics, but rather than going deep into them, there's just enough to drive the story and give you some things to think about yourself, and then it's balanced with some wonderfully quirky humor. Not all of the voice acting was perfect, but it was good enough, and a lot of it (especially the lead character) was really good. Ghost really feels alive as a character, even in that shiny metal shell.Mechanics wise, it felt really well balanced, with the skill tree and weapon upgrades systems working really well. The only thing that bothered me was the difficulty of some of the bosses and I did feel at times that they were too hard compared to the rest of the game, but when I actually finished them I wasn't so sure about that anymore. There's always the possibility to go back and grind a bit if needed (although I definitely wouldn't call the game grind heavy).I tire of games very easily, and the tiniest little flaw will make me lose interest, but I played this almost obsessively, often in 7-8 hour chunks. From me, that is very good critique. First playthrough was super fun. Now I'm looking forward to try survival!"
,Recommended,463270,23621026,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,WewWew,"This game is GREAT. That's it. You don't need to compare it to Unepic. This game is not a sequel to Unepic. They are so much distinct from each other. However, the game is amazing. It has metroidvania elements, but mostly an action platformer. Since it is an ACTION platformer, so you will be required to do some fighting. Controls are feels tight and responsive and the combat, although sometimes feels like a bullet hell, is pretty good. Some notes that needs to be taken for the game may be:The story feels a little rushed towards the end, but still the jokes and the narrative saves it. Also, the vocalization is pretty good.Some players mentioned frequent crashes, but to my surprise, I did not encounter a single crash. It ran smoothly for me.For some, soundtrack can feel repetitive, but it didn't bother me.All in all, it is an amazing game, if you don't expect an Unepic. It is different, and for me, it is much much better."
,Recommended,463270,24198310,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Lain,"This is a really good game, definitely recommended to anyone looking for a short and sweet metroidvania like game.Nice production values, good humor, a lot of references, both in narrative as well as in the game itself thanks to the geek items but, the most important aspect of it all, great gameplay.Ghost controls really well, there are many secondary weapons to choose from and many upgrades, the skill tree has some interesting choice to make a character that fits your own play style, some rooms present light puzzles which require a little thinking as well as good execution and backtracking to get all the secrets is nice thanks to the teleport between save rooms.On the negative side of things, I encountered a couple of weird bugs, though they were minor things and not game breaking and considering updates keep coming it can easily be overlooked.Ghost 1.0 is a great improvement over their previous game UnEpic (fun game but with some decisions I didn't enjoy) and a strongly suggested purchase for any fan of the genre.Hopefully there will be a Ghost 2.0, but even if there isn't I'm looking forward to @unepic_fran's next game."
,Recommended,463270,25798465,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Shurikane,"+++Well-thought, subversive story+++Plenty of variety in weapons and items+++Variable difficulty/challenge to cater to both the occasional and the hardcore gamer+++Good sense of atmosphere and scale---Over-reliance on bullet hell---Spotty voice acting at times---""Souls"" system requires jumping through insane hoopsThis game improves and streamlines a large amount of experience from its spiritual predecessor: UnEpic.  It likes to play around on established gaming and sci-fi concepts, bringing a refreshing take on the genre.  The world is fun to explore, and conveys the sense that one is indeed wandering a gigantic space station.  Its only bigger problem, really, is its tendency to often devolve into frenzied shooting sessions that sometimes feel like a dice toss, rather than the more cerebral approach adopted by the likes of Metroid.Still, fact remains that this is quite a solid game, blending exploration, adventure, and good ol' gunplay.  It's not without its faults, its amateur roots show quite plainly at times, but it's still got plenty enough to offer to make itself into a signature title that stands out from among the crowd."
,Not Recommended,463270,23615101,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Fake Al Gore,"After having a thoroughly good time with the developer's previous game, UnEpic, I thought I'd go ahead and buy Ghost 1.0 since it promised more of the same. I can honestly say I regret paying more than $4.99 for this title.It claims to be a Metroidvania-style game, but the only mechanic keeping you from exploring other parts of the space station are key cards. There are maybe two areas I saw that required you to purchase the double jump ability, but that's it. Everything else was optional.The combat is absolutely terrible and mostly forced onto the player. Think back to titles like Metroid Fusion or Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow. If you didn't want to fight the enemies in a room, you could typically just move past them. In Ghost 1.0, many rooms have alarms that you must trip in order to progress. Once tripped, the exits are sealed, and you have to wait a specific amount of time (determined by the level of the alarm and the skill points you have spent) before it opens again. All the while, you defeat waves of enemies. Even the in-game narrator seems annoyed by them at points.The story started out reasonably well, but it quickly gave away the plot by adding far too much foreshadowing. By about a third of the way through the game, I knew exactly how it was going to end. Unfortunately, I realized this just past the two hour mark, so I couldn't request a refund. I figured I might as well finish it out to get my money's worth.The subtitles almost never completely match what is being said. The game crashed several times during a section where I had to make scientist robots do a dodge roll (about 40% of the time, doing said dodge roll would cause an immediate crash). The default controls on the Xbox 360 controller are abysmal -- who thought putting ""jump"" on the left shoulder button in a 2D side-scrolling platformer was a good idea?! Fortunately, you can remap all controls.Overall, I think they need to take this back to the drawing board and release Ghost 1.1 as a free update to all Ghost 1.0 owners. Fix the bugs, clean up the combat, have less foreshadowing in the story, and require abilities instead of key cards to access new areas (double jump, shoulder dash, combat roll, a secondary weapon that can break down certain walls, a door hacking device, and even your ghost ability should all be things you unlock as you progress in the story).4/10 for being mosty playable though not terribly good"
,Recommended,463270,29651315,Posted: 2 February,all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"A solid exploration based platformer set in a metroidvania style.Ghost 1.0 follows the ""adventure"" of an ""android pilot"" codenamed ghost. Hired by a couple of ""intellectuals"" to break and enter a facility that mainly deals in AI solutions after hearing about a completely new form of AI, Ghost is hired through a contact and sent to a space station which holds more than just answers....Gameplay: 9/10Solid entry in the metroidvania genre albeit a tad low on the branching paths and exploratory options. Generally well done environment and great looking artwork. Power ups and progression is properly spread out, uniquely done in it's own way and gives a great overall feel of the game.Story: 7/10Starts off great, but drones off a bit later on. Still a solid way of conveying the message and gets it across properly, but some of the earlier gameplay is superior in terms of actually telling the story, albeit through exploration or narrative. Fantastic cutscenes at some point, but overall a bit lackluster in some areas.Artistry / Musical score: 8/10. Solid soundtrack, well done audio, great sound effects and beatiful map detailing sets this apart from many other titles in the genre. Has a very very solid castlevania feel to it in terms of music and some of the items you find during the game. Great work overall ;)Overall: 8/10.A very very solid entry in a long standing genre that pleases fans and newcomers alike. The developer's older game ""Unepic"" is also a solid framework to describe this one, but overall it's enough refreshing ideas and new gimmicks to make it not feel like a base copypaste of an existing game.Would absolutely reccomend it for fans of the genre and people looking for high quality platformer action in general.Great job dev, great job :)"
,Recommended,463270,26231079,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Redhotviking,"This game is freaking fantasticTake Megaman, Metroid and Classic Castlevainia throw them into a mixer and this is what you get. It reminds me alot of Metroid fusion with the cutscence of Samus thinking about her past. But in this game you get detailed infromation about the past and present. It is worth every penny. I love when indidevelopers manages to pull off something like this. I was not much fan of Unepic, but this game wowza.There were a few times I wanted to pull my hair during the Rescue Mission, but overall the game is hillarious, great gameplay and above all pixel artwork.The game definatly needs to continue its story, i was left with hungering for more.Overall score 9/10"
76561198042111099,Recommended,463270,23531252,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,zzender1,"Tight gameplay and massive amount of progression and stuff to collect. Great graphics and extremely small download. You can tell this was a work of passion. And you cannot beat the price, worthy addition to any library."
76561198002049289,Recommended,463270,25127357,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Darthale,"It's becoming harder and harder to create an interesting game, something that engages an audience for a length of time for them to follow through to the end: bundle games offering loads of different styles, sheer wealth of unplayed games in a Steam library, new flavour of two minute noodles at Coles. What Ghost 1.0 offers is what I found in games like Transistor and Bastion: a fun gameplay style that not only offered a cohesive gaming experience, but a story that went with it also.Ghost 1.0 is a Metroidvania style game at its essence, with players embarking on a mission that you want to complete. Upgrades and power ups are offered along the way and are almost necessary for some areas to complete. However, the voice acting of not only the protagonists and portagonist support, but the antagonists I felt melded into the wealth of the experience that is offered here.Sure it has its flaws, but no game is perfect; the development team however are proactive and listen to bug reports as well as feedback making it a smooth experience for players as best as they can. They themselves are their harshest critic as they wish for their prooduct to be as robust as possible.For me this filled a hole I was missing since putting Rogue Legacy down, and with its story, voice acting, gameplay and mechanics I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for something challenging as you won't be disappointed. I look forward to the next installment, as well as what the developers have on offer."
,Recommended,463270,31054281,Posted: 9 April,all,Athetos,"It appeals to my obvious biases of robots and Metroidvanias, and it's fun to explore in."
,Recommended,463270,28716000,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tippaah,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing legit.I have not finished the game yet.You need to have respect for a lot of the enemies in this game because if you rush through you're just going to ♥♥♥♥ing die. Over and over again. I bought this game on a whim and it's just blown me away.The bosses are pretty tough, I died a lot on the two bosses I encountered so far. But boy did it feel good when you finally beat it. There's also some stealth, and by stealth I mean hiding behind some boxes. But it's fun.Great art. Music. For the most part I skipped the story cutscenes because I'm an impatient little♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I can see a lot of care went into them.If you like metroidvanias and the satisfaction you get from games like Dark Souls when you beat a boss, then this game is for you."
76561198276011548,Recommended,463270,32602267,Posted: 20 June,all,lostchameleon,"wonderful game for metroidvania lovers. if theres a sequel take my money now. missions update is great also, love to see devs keeping up with fun extras!"
,Recommended,463270,23432682,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,x0NightHawk0x,"Having played up to the second save point, I can safely say that Ghost is a good and fun game to play.Not only is it just ""another"" Metroidvania style shooter, it seems to borrow ideas from other known games as well. The in-game dialogue reminds me of games like Metal Gear Solid, but with a humor twist to them. The ""ghost"" mode, AKA enemy possession, takes me back to games like Oddworld: Abe's Oddyssy. I dare say there's even hints from the Megaman series in this game.Gameplay is solid, though I will say that the controller controls take a bit getting used to with jump being RB (Xbox controller) for example, but you can change that in the Options if you so desire. And with all the weapons and power-ups to unlock, you'll be going at it for a while to collect everything.Storywise, well I can't comment too much on that as I'm still early in game, but dialouge is funny and well done, as well as great voice acting from the main characters.Really a recommendation for anyone who likes Metroidvania type games."
,Recommended,463270,23430996,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kyutaru,Awesome game that in some ways improves on the Metroidvania genre while being shiny/smooth enough for the modern day gamer.  If you liked how slick recent action games like Bastion and Transistor were then this does that kind of justice to its own genre.  The hilarity is worth the buy and it's a steal at only $10.
,Recommended,463270,30269119,Posted: 1 March,all,Thunderer,"One of the hidden gems on Steam. Two fully developed main modes, excellent story campaign and solid mechanics. You can think this as a person's first metrovania game, which it was for me. It has been the best introduction into the genre and the only one I actually liked. I recommend this game without reservation. I only wonder why this is not the game to gain notice instead of Icey."
,Recommended,463270,26649101,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Azex,Awesome Cyberpunk metroidvania from the same guys who made UnEpic. Well worth the purchase if any of those things appeal to you.
,Recommended,463270,24204601,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,White Shadow,"A very fun and well-polished Metroidvania style game. Ghost 1.0 lets you play as a female cyborg infiltrating a space station and engage in every aspect of what you'd expect from a Metroidvania title - non-linear exploration, powerups and equipment, and so on.The gameplay is a smooth ride. The combat is fun, the controls are great, enemies pose a good challenge, and the level design is well done. You are even able to leave your cyborg body as a ghost and possess other machines, which forms the basis of many of the game's puzzles. I really enjoyed all the puzzles the game had as they were intuitive and made sense in the context. In addition to all the combat and puzzles, you acquire skill points throughout the game, which allow you to gain passive upgrades of your choice. The game also has a tonne of different secondary weapons (which you need to buy in the in-game shops), each of which adds spice to combat and lets you tackle on the challenges with a different flavour.It's a little bit slow at the start, because dying causes you to lose all the collectible cubes that act as money, meaning the more you die, the less you are able to upgrade, which forces you to grind. Gladly this gets smoothened out in latter stages of the game as you gain upgrades that allow you to start with some cubes upon respawn.The game has stunningly beautiful visuals, which give each level their own unique feel, and the music is also fun to listen to. There are also plenty of cutscenes with fun dialogue conversations between the main character and the two hacker guys who are on the line helping you. Their personalities have been developed very well and the humour gives the game a nice light-hearted flavour.Although the overarching story isn't mindblowing, it is still a fun ride. I especially like how when you come back to the game, it gives you a 'Previously on Ghost 1.0...' and brings you up to speed on the most recent events. I thought it was a great touch and isn't something I've seen in any game before. Everything in the game creates immersion, such as dying is all normal in the game world and your cyborg simply gets re-printed with 3D printers. Sometimes you even get cutscenes and dialogue during some deaths, such as one which even hinted at a solution for me to try. It's all executed very well and with great presentation.There is only one part of the game that I absolutely detested and which seems to be disliked by many other players too. Without giving away any spoilers, the part happens in late game and completely pulls you out of the main space station map, removes all your upgrades and weapons temporarily, and takes you to a whole new area to do a very linear and frustrating stealth infiltration platforming section which forces you to be extremely precise with your timing and jumps. EDIT: This part of the game has now become skippable. The dev has been very attentive to player feedback in the community hub and making necessary adjustments to make the game as fun as possible, which is always a huge plus in my books.In general, I would highly recommend the game to anyone who likes Metroidvanias or 2D platformers in general. The game is of a very high standard for its modest price."
,Recommended,463270,31083207,Posted: 11 April,all,Alex Roca,Best metroidvania I played since Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.
,Recommended,463270,31161585,Posted: 15 April,all,~Lil RubyRose~,"Truly one of my favorite cybertech games on steam, between character interaction that has me amused, to the smooth styled gameplay mixed with action and strategy it is one I recommend for your collection."
76561198025099343,Recommended,463270,33793454,Posted: 25 July,all,wayned02,Have to say this is one of my favorite Metroidvania games to date.Only few small issues I had. One was the lasers of death and destruction. Otherwise I found to be very polished and very enjoyable experience. The humor and reference show how much the creators loved the genre. The boss fights for the most part were very well designed. Boss # 4 had a really good design that you had to think about to beat. Overall looking foward to playing this again!
,Recommended,463270,30756701,Posted: 26 March,all,TheSlyBrit,"__-First Impression-__The gameplay is enjoyable, the movement is fluid enough to not be jarring and the guns feel good to use. I personally started off with the roguelike/roguelite mode first, meaning my initial experience is likely different to other people's.__-Good Points-__More than one way to play the game, encouraging re-playabilityThe art is quite a nice and varies in the different areas.The story is delivered in charming little cutscenes that are entirely optional (although I reccomend keeping them.).Different bosses with interesting gameplay challenges.The game is fairly thought-provoking, bringing up ideas of human rights and how we classify a 'person'. Although, the cutscenes and story can be turned off for re-plays.__-Bad Points-__Some of the collectibles are a little too difficult for me to find, requiring a guide for me to figure out. (Though, this isn't a problem for all.)Somewhat short. The game is worth the price for definite, and has re-playability but unfortunately I think I have to wait a while before coming back to it, as after the story was over my engagement dropped a lot.__-Summary-__The game is definitely something I would reccomend to anyone who enjoys action platformers. It has a metroidvania style keycard system, with unique areas with different challenges.Charming little quirks, interesting humor and also a few references here and there makes the story very engaging despite it being a tiny bit predictable/cliché.Score Out of 100:90Side Notes: The community banded together to find all the collectibles which was quite fun and cool to be a part of, although as far as I'm aware there is now a 100% guide."
76561198047292553,Recommended,463270,30565512,Posted: 17 March,all,devilindupriest,"Great metroid style game.  Thoroughly enjoyed pretty much all of it, the controls are mostly good, power ups were fun and interesting, and enemies and environments decently varied.  There are a couple of somewhat random difficulty spikes, the most notable of which has an option to skip it on the pause screen during that part.   A few excessively finicky jumps, but mostly for unlocking secrets.  Ziplines/ropes would be my only real grudge against the game but thankfully there's only 2-3 rooms with them.  Trying to jump past them once you land is an exercise is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.  Story was pretty good, not ground breaking, but well delivered.  Voice over work was excellent, and the TV style recap on booting up and continuing displays both the story and VO work well (basically it just repeats the last cut scene you passed, but it starts with a 'Previously on Ghost 1.0' VO that somehow really sells it.)   All in all a very worthwhile game if you've ever liked the metroid/metroidvania genre at all."
,Recommended,463270,24278435,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,McCovican,"This is the epitome of 2D action platformers to me. The fact that you can choose to play it as a rogue-like, or in a classic linear playthrough mode is just brilliant. It's got some RPG elements, along with utterly gorgeous pixel-art style graphics. The voice-acting is actually on-point (not gonna lie, that surprised me) with some good banter between the characters.The gameplay doesn't pull any punches either - it's not a casual shooter. The 3 core difficulty modes offer enough variance too, so that it's not just a ±0.01% damage spread or the likes. There are appreciable changes in the number of bots, and how the game plays out. There are even ""insane"" skills available in the standard skill-tree that will make the game harder if you choose them!You also don't need to worry long-term about ammo, as it regenerates. However there are still a limited number of charges that each weapon will hold. So there's still a challenge there in the heat of battle, but you don't need to worry about back-tracking through 5 empty levels to get an ammo pickup. This really helps to keep the pace of the game going.You can buy certain upgrades for your weapons (as well as earning them through certain ""hidden"" gameplay elements), as well as purchasing secondary weapons - you can have 3 secondaries equipped at a time to cycle through, as well as your primary weapon. Again, there's some great variety here; beam weapons, shotguns, shield guns, mine-layers, bot-spawners.You can also earn and/or buy upgrades for your character. There are purchased passive addons that can be toggled at-will (weapon bonuses, helper bots, shields, etc), permanent character upgrades that are unlocked through gameplay (HP increases, ammo reserve bonuses, etc) and primary items that are activated via a hotbar (health regen, item magnet, ammo regen, EMP bursts etc).The single downside in this entire game as I see it, is how sparse these primary items are. You can buy them at shops, but they're relatively expensive and the shop will only have one of them at a time. Some of the shops (though not all) will allow you to restock items you've previously purchased, and you can earn some lower-level items through some of the ""hidden"" gameplay mechanics. However, you still end up too worried to use them up most of the time because of how rare they are.With that said though, this game is ultimately immense fun. It's been brilliantly crafted with great attention to detail and user-interaction; something that even a great many AAA games seem to overlook these days.9.5/10"
76561198056275059,Recommended,463270,33135772,Posted: 2 July,all,RinRoses,"An exceedingly awesome game. I don't play that many metroidvania games, but the trailer sold me that it at least at pretty good writing. I didn't expect the story and dialogue to be such a heavy element of the game, what with the trend roguelikes have right now, but it was amazing. It was hilarious and the story was pretty awesome. There were a couple twists I saw coming, but that ending, whoo. Awesome.There's three modes to play, too. Classic, a mode I haven't tried yet that seems more like a roguelike feel, and then mission mode; which focuses on smaller objectives instead of the main story of the game."
76561198021974294,Recommended,463270,24324643,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,crashlanding87,"Excellent excellent excellent!I love pretty much everything about this game. Challenging metroidvania, great array of enemies and mechanics, and the story is excellently fun. So very good."
,Recommended,463270,23541422,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Online Experience May Vary,"As my first review, you should know that I am a very casual gamer.  I play mostly single player games for 1-7 days at a time and my breaks when I'm not activly playing something can span months.I'd give this a 9/10Pros:Solid executionDecent, repetitive electronic soundtrackHumourous dialogFrog gun?Cons:Game needs restart if controller disconnectsGrowing up I loved the old metroid games, so when I saw this called a metroidvania game, a term I hadn't heard until now, I was intrigued.  Normally, I wouldn't have bought this, as I have a backlog of games I've bought and not finished or even played, but for some reason I did and its great.  Its enought like metroid, strong female lead in a robot suit assaulting a space station, that it was instantly playable, but diferent enough that nothing feels copied or ripped off.  The running dialog between Ghost and her employers, while not exactly LOL funny, is rather humorous.  If I have any one bad thing to say about this game it's the controller support.  I'm using an Xbox 360 controller and dongle, and you have to be sure to have it turned on and recognized before you can start the game, which is fine alot of games are like that.  The problem comes if you have to pause the game and the controller turns itself off.  It's not enough to just turn the controller back on.  The game forgets the controller instantly, and must be restarted to get it to function again."
,Recommended,463270,24269360,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Nahgf13,"This game has a good style, an amazing story, it was a little difficult at times but after geting past it i highly recomend it."
,Recommended,463270,26244742,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TBBle,"This has set a high-bar for me in Metroidvanias. And it's better with keyboard/mouse than controller, which is a heck of an achievement."
76561197968702247,Recommended,463270,35015880,Posted: 16 September,all,jpkaffe,"Since Unepic had such a large place in my heart, I decided to try this game out.I was not disappointed! Holy moly this game is amazing, the loot system is great and the boss fights... I mean.. WOW! I honestly got tears in my eyes, this is basically what an oldschool game should be (+ it's a lot harder than expected, which I like)great and fun story mode, nice difficulty spikes, smooth and great gameplay. try it out!"
,Recommended,463270,35216550,Posted: 25 September,all,AnchorSpark,"I admit that I had to warm up to it in the beginning, but after a certain point it turns into a really enjoyable game. Once you start making a ""build"" of your main character it just keeps getting more and more fun.The aforementioned cutscenes are indeed cringy at first, but they grow on you as they seem self aware of their cheese. The game is much like a B movie that doesn't take itself seriously.Voice acting is not good, but bearable.Fantastic story concept -- even if you figure it out halfway through the game.Graphically it varies. The sprites themselves are great but the animation of the limbs of many of the humanoid robots seem a bit hokey. You get used to it. I am a fan of fully rendered sprites. I hope a sequel will have this.Above all it is a unique find amongst all the ""metroidvanias"" out there. In my book offsets all the cons.A definite recommend for those 2D junkies out there like myself. I just finished it and I can't wait for a sequel."
,Recommended,463270,23469961,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,reatart,"Amazing game, worth every coin. A bit grindy sometimes, but otherwise, really fun."
,Recommended,463270,24159488,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,QSS,"Best game i've ever played. (maybe Ori and the blind forest is on par,but nothing else)10\10 story10\10 jokes,chars.10\10 music.10\10 difficultyIf you are not sure to buy or not,my advice is to buy and play it.Can't just say enough,awesome game!"
,Recommended,463270,23552977,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Ragna,"game is 9/10.Not a 10/10 because of the atrocious voice acting , except for Ghost which is very well dubbed.A true metroid sucessor with humour , fast pace and challenge.A must have.Clean graphics , cool weapons , and an easy way to travel through the station makes it a nice experience.Too much hype was put on Axiom Verge which is an ok game (being very generous).This is one is wayyy better"
,Recommended,463270,30653616,Posted: 21 March,all,Natulyre,"This game's a really addictive metroidvania roguelike game.It's really well polished, the humor's pretty good, the visuals are fluid. No wonder it is from the same developper as Unepic, because it's awesome."
76561198096714235,Recommended,463270,24221887,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kyouma,"It's the best game of 2016!!!!OMG!! I really need a Ghost 2.0 (or 1.1?)!!!This game is better than Unepic, and Unepic is a EPIC game!!!!MAN!!! Ghost (the protagonist) is sooo lovely. s2s2s2s2This game is the best Metroidvania of recent years.Plz, make a 2 now!!!!"
76561197972393277,Recommended,463270,25236890,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,EmGooser,This and Unepic are both great games.  The devs are huge geeks and it shows though their games.  If you are a fan of old school super metriod like games and love having a fun dialog then you will enjoy this and Unepic.
76561198026688727,Recommended,463270,23447471,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Pyro_003,"Only at the first boss fight right now, but the game itself seems like a solid sci-fy spin on UnEpic. Its a fun metroidvania game with seemingly a lot to offer, although it does reuse a ton of UnEpic sounds."
,Recommended,463270,24219862,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Miasyth,"This game is incredible: interesting scenario, beautiful visuals with a magnificent lighting effect, reactive gameplay and great soundtrack. This game is epic!"
,Recommended,463270,32900054,Posted: 27 June,all,Accipiens,For those who want to feel again the wittiness that made the charm of Unepic !
76561198015052431,Recommended,463270,24980357,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Alan,"Great mechanics and fantastic humour, I'd happily recommend this to anyone who enjoys either of those :)"
76561198002600160,Not Recommended,463270,26345261,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ZeROX,"Soo Soo closeIt's hard writing anything negative on a game with such a creative developer and an alluring concept... This time around we get a blend of a Rogue-lite and metroidvania package. Its catchy on paper but misses the mark with keeping the player entertained for much long. Its not like it isn't fun. Its a pretty solid game mechanic where shooting, dodging and gathering loot is fun while you upgrade your arsenal but gets a bit monotonous after while. The Music does spike up game from falling flat and the dialog is on par with (UnEpic) which was a blast from beginning to the end. But unlike UnEpic, this lacks that charm of a ""hero on a grand journey"" scheme and is left with a repetitive side scroll shooting Rogue game with enemy control. Its enjoyable in small bites but if you're going with the assumption of a Rogue RPG game, then you may be turned off at this 1. At best wait for it on sale.Though I have faith the Developer will strike gold again with his next installment. It may not be the same brilliance as before but 3rd times the charm right :)"
76561198034355834,Recommended,463270,32924171,Posted: 28 June,all,merder222,got the game for the summer sale and loved it tho frustrating at times(due to not figuring out how to b  eat a boss till i did :p) still was fun to play on hard all the way to the end so if you like exploring i do reccomend this game.
76561197990348584,Recommended,463270,32885903,Posted: 27 June,all,Pikachu,"Great metroid vania,well level design,fun to play and the difficulty is balance.I recommend to anyone who like this type of game 10/10."
76561198018606678,Recommended,463270,33356866,Posted: 7 July,all,rbowling1414,"This is a gem of a game-- a must-buy if you like Metroidvania style games. This one probably trends more towards the Metroid side of that equation. I'd say that back-tracking is less needed than usual for the genre-- rather than finding new abilities that let you access parts of the map that you saw earlier, you find key-cards that open new areas. There's also a pretty good fast-travel system that fits perfectly with the logic of the game. With that said, almost every room in the game has a ""secret"", and because the game is more on the difficult side, especially early on, you should try to unlock some of those secrets if you're struggling.The keyboard controls are good, the length is decent (certainly worth the price) and the story was more engaging and involved than most games in this genre (though certainly not as complex as most rpgs, for instance). You can also ""level up"" your character after a fashion, choosing various enhancements that tailor to your style of play. One of my favorite aspects of the game was its built-in and perfectly feasible explanation for why your character (and the enemies) keep reappearing/regenerating. Overall, I had a blast with the game."
76561198026544413,Recommended,463270,24128372,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,merlin2727,"Great metroidvania!! Tight controls, satisfying weapons... another wonderful release from this developer. Thumbs up!"
76561198261979412,Recommended,463270,24129759,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,f1nner,This game is very fun and engaging. I would advise to those who want to use a gamepad to switch around the controls to fit a more normal lay out. Once I switched the controls I lost myself in the game for a while. BUY THIS GAME.
76561197997853625,Recommended,463270,24338634,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,T-tus,I was positvly surprised of this game. Very entertaning to play after work. A little bit grinding that was fun. Skills that made me more hardned. But I did never get skillpoints for some extra fun stuff as I played it safe.Vary cool story line. Happy theme. Just my style.  Hope to see more from Ghost 1.0.
76561198093483709,Recommended,463270,24113957,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ESeion,"Hands down the best Metroidvania game you can get, with emphasis on the Metroid playstyle. If you miss a good Metroid-like game this is your game, if not, then it's still an excellent game and worth a shot."
76561198077890002,Recommended,463270,28925270,Posted: 1 January,all,ltharvey05,LOVED this game.Super Metroid was my first real love as far as video games are concerned and i still play it to this day. Ghost is a spiritual(pun not entirely intended) succsessor to Metroid and the many games that fall into the realm of Metroidvania. Very polished. As challenging as you want it to be. Fun and funny characters. I will say that while the ending was not that big of a surprise to me it was a fun journey to get there and that means so much more to me in the long run.ProsClassic feel with higher polishFun and engaging charactersWell executed humorConsCan be a bit repetitive(But really what game isn't?)
,Recommended,463270,24209895,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Professor Noobster,"Ghost 1.0 is from the guy who made Unepic, which I haven't played before, but based on how much fun I had with Ghost 1.0, I'll have to buy that one day. So, in this game you're a ""Ghost in the machine"", whose mission is to break into the Nakamura space station, and then steal the company's secrets. But the story isn't as straightforward as that. I won't spoil anything, but it does take an interesting turn.As a Ghost, you're able to take control of other machines and use them to destroy other machines or access panels you wouldn't be able to as yourself. This makes for some interesting puzzles, to say the least.The game is a decent length, although it says that I spent about 7 hours or so on this game, thanks to a faulty WiFi adapter, I actually spent around 10 hours on this. Not bad, although I did spend time exploring and such.The game is also packed full of cheesy references to 80's and 90's pop culture, which definitely makes for some laughs, and ""Oh wow, you really put that in"". Yes, apparently the developer did.The only thing I don't like about this game is the finale, which, lets just say is a cluster♥♥♥♥.But in all honesty, I am glad to have bought this game, and I anticipate playing Unepic and any future titles this developer may come out with in the future."
76561198006019148,Recommended,463270,24190361,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Mike_Charger,"Ghost 1.0 is a metroidvania rougelike developed by people with a good sense of humor. Only about an hour or so in with 18% of the map explored and I am feeling things I have only felt since the last 2D metroid I played, which was fusion so many years ago.While Nintendo may have forgotten people love these types of games, the developers of Ghost 1.0 put polish and creativity behind their take on a genre that is loved by many.First things first: when starting out, you will need a controller unless you are a keyboard wizard. This is because you can freely aim and shoot while moving in another direction using the right analogue stick. ""Ghost"" moves swiftly and controls beautifully when she is in her android body and outside of it as well.The greatest feature for navigating or even scouting ahead is using Ghost's ability to leave her battle chassis and take over an enemy or worker android body. You can eliminate foes, collect energy for the purchase of weapons, and solve puzzles this way.Everything is very intuitive, the game plays like a dream, and I am wondering how I missed out on this excellent game.If you loved or still love Metroidvania type games or Metroid style games in general this game will be worth your time."
76561198249551276,Recommended,463270,30984138,Posted: 6 April,all,Squerra,"This game was really cool, just like unepic.. but it had the same problem with unepic.. its too short.. maybe i have no life or something.. but the game ended too soon.still.. 10/10"
76561198011703638,Recommended,463270,25493612,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,FormerlyCurious,"To get the negative out of the way first, the voice acting is horrendous, the cutscenes break the flow of the game, and the controls (especially during platforming sections) aren't as tight as I would like them to be.  It tries too hard to be funny, and the writing and dialogue comes off as stilted and meandering.What the game does well is this:  Ghost 1.0 is fun.  The combat, exploration, and challenges are satisfying to overcome.  The penalty for death is at times frustrating, but fair.  The boss fights are hard, and at first might seem cheaty, but there is always a hint or clue as to what's happening and why.It's not winning any Game of the Year awards, but it's solid fun that will keep genre fans entertained for hours and hours."
76561198114493606,Recommended,463270,25613093,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,j.d.manning,Enjoyable from start to finish. The Boss fights are Awesome and the controls are smooth and responsive if a little fiddly with a PS4 controller. A look forward to the next game.
,Recommended,463270,25638173,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,KYiS,Great for anybody who likes Metroidvanias and pixel perfect platform. The number of guns you can get and upgrades your hull/body can receive are huge as well.Lots of secrets for explorers and 100%ers. ^^
76561198054214794,Recommended,463270,25646992,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,tpe4ever,"Great game so far!  Haven't played it long yet, but it is pretty decent.  Kind of reminds me of some really old stuff like Impossible Mission for the C64, moreso than Metroid in a sense.  Not quite as epic as unepic yet (one of the best games I have ever played), but I'll keep playing.In the meantime, I may have encountered a minor bug.  When the controller is disconnected, it doesn't seem to find it again once it is reconnected (or in the case of the wireless Xbox 360 controller, turned back on).  That won't keep me from playing but it might be worth checking on to see if it is an actual bug that needs fixing."
76561198007423887,Recommended,463270,26350794,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Angelo Dante,"I'll break it down for ya.1 part Shadowrun1 part Megaman1 part Metroid1 part CastlevaniaThe game is fun, slick, and highly polished. The voice actors are top notch (I'm lookin at you Miri Shalyn!) and very quirky (thats a good thing). Music is well done, and suits each zone of the Nakamura station nicely. One feature I'm especially fond of is HOW your save game is loaded. When you hit ""Continue"" it plays a recap of recent cutscenes as though it were from a previous episode of a tv show/anime. This is preceded by Miri (aka Ghost in the game) saying ""Previously, on Ghost 1.0"" before going into the cutscene bits.Anyway, moving on. There are LOADS of interesting alternate weapons, and even more passive power-up items that stay with you. You have guns galore, of every type. You have several kinds of drones that stick with you and fight. There are deflector shields, cloaking devices, and lots more. If you seek them all out before going to end-game, Ghost will be a killing machine. The game is full of what the developer terms ""Geeks"" which are easter-egg items that are hidden in rooms which alter parts of the game without impacting gameplay. For instance, the ""Moria"" geek will make your minimap look like an old-school roguelike version of the map until you toggle the geek back off. If you are a completionist, there is PLENTY to hunt for, believe me.Another interesting aspect of the game is that your character, Ghost, is an AI (or is she? maybe so, maybe not.) that can digitally possess other robots by leaving her body/chasis, then flying in her ""ghost form"" and taking over theirs. Some levels require some very precise use of this trick to advance. There is also one part, I won't tell you where, that lets you beat an unwinnible fight by being clever with that ability...The story is good, much like the Shadowrun storylines. Big, shadowy corporations doing shady things, your team operating in a criminal and techie underworld to get things done, whether for profit or a just cause. Cloak and dagger espionage. All that good stuff. In my opinion, there is HUGE potential for more storyline. I mean the game has a lengthy one with twists and turns, and while satisfying, it can be considered just a prologue for an even bigger story, or a series of smaller ones. Hm, maybe I just want more. *laughs*I give it a 9/10. Great game for your money, and lots of replay if you want to hunt down all the hidden goodies or play the Survival mode once you beat Classic.Buy it folks, its worth it!"
76561198269041088,Recommended,463270,26208834,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ken,"The game itself is really good for what it is and I definitely suggest you try it if you are into this type of thing......One thing I have to mention tho is that it is excrutiating to get started in this game, because everytime your team wants to talk to you, the game holds you in place... apparently the ghost can't speak into her communicator unless she is immobile...... It's frustrating and it really mars the whole experience.....I am still givin' it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,463270,23767487,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Platinawolf,"Highly enjoyable, though does suffer from some beams of instagib and some puzzles that are annoying to do. But if you like games like Metroid then this is a lovely game :)"
76561198047793806,Recommended,463270,28810987,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,runx0,"It has been a long time since I last played a sidescrolling game like this. I used to love playing castlevanias and metroid on the NES 20 or so years ago and I also did some super metroid and zero mission a year or two back. This game reminds me of those games + adds a bit of a grind to the mix with some RPG elements, still keeping it at an acceptable level. The gameplay is really simple and the controls are very responsive which makes playing the game really smooth.One thing I have to mention is that the crosshair's visibility is abysmal and the options to improve that (a lot bigger crosshair or system cursor visible) do not really make it any better, but in fact worse. If the player was given freedom to change the alpha and the color of the default crosshair, the problem would be fixed.Also it's worth mentioning that some bosses are considerably harder than the others and in some bosses the choices you made when leveling up your character actually can help quite a lot. Unfortunately there is no chance of respeccing your levels so if you did not choose the right tools in the first place, you have to compensate those situations with the gear you can purchase.Having said all that, I completely love this game. It reminds me of the ""good old days"" from my youth and I also played the game more than I have played the most games in one sitting. I will definitely recommend this game who likes ""metroidvania"" style of games simply because the game is awesome."
76561197972273375,Recommended,463270,24906461,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Praseodyl,"Great game. Event though I will focus on the things I didn't like in this review, my overall impression is very positive. Maybe the best Metroidvania since Super Metroid.I will try to keep it spoiler free.The intermezzos were too long. I really disliked the entrance section to the green part of the station. The idea is fine but cutting the section in half would have been better. The only redeeming factor is that I got the impression that it is supposed to annoy the player. That might be questionable but I found it amusing.The second part that irritated me was the break-in section on earth. The idea - to alter the rules for a puzzle section - was great but in the end it was just level after level of pretty similar stuff. There were also rooms in that section that killed you immediately  after entering without the player even knowing where he was and what was happening. That made some parts pretty much trial and error which I didn't enjoy.I really didn't like the final boss. It is almost impossible to see what is going on on the screen especially due to the smoke effects of the rockets. It took me at least ten attempts to beat him and in the end I got the feeling that the only difference between my successful attempt and the previous one were lucky enemy spawns. Overall that made the final boss very unsatisfying.Now to the most significant positive thingsI really enjoyed the art style. I do enjoy Metroidvania games  but I am not a big fan of retro graphics. I am kind of happy that the days of 16bit graphics are over. This game is a truly excellent port of the fantastic Metroidvania gameplay to the present.The visual variety in different parts of the station is also great and has interesting implications to the gameplay. I particularly enjoyed the bottom part of the station where a lot of vertical elements came into play.It was also very satisfying to see how skills can be used to break certain routes a little bit. Not too much to make it too easy but enough to give the player the impression that the chosen skills are really useful.The characters are great. They are not the most unique ones but presented excellently.The weapon selection is fun to experiment with without anything that felt like a must-have item.The punishment for death was appropriate and the reprinting mechanic made it feel consistent with the background.The enemy control mechanism was fun. It didn't dominate the gameplay but there were a lot of cases were it made certain situations significantly easier.I would give the game nine out of ten points but since that is not possible here: thumbs up!"
76561197989390314,Recommended,463270,29849125,Posted: 11 February,all,lavawight,"Worth every penny. Tons of fun to play through, with a couple frustrating parts; I just wish it had some replay value other than speed runs in survival mode."
76561198065046595,Recommended,463270,32950994,Posted: 28 June,all,Landis,"I can not recomend this game enough for any Metrovania fan, or anyone who loves cyberpunk."
,Recommended,463270,24223431,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,jaydude84,This is an incredible game and one of the best Metriodvania games I have played in a very long time.
76561198029696244,Recommended,463270,24282321,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tempany,"I have not found a game that gives as many hours of fun for the money paid for a long time. Most of the dialogue is great, but some is funny enough to really make you laugh. If you enjoy the combat, then there is lots of potential for replaying. In survival mode, you can make a game of trying all the different weapons alone; there are many.The developer of this game has been astounding in their response to request for UI alterations and other minor game changes.For those with a very long memory for old home computer games, Ghost 1.0 reminds me a lot of NEXUS, but without (my old) green screen and with much more to do."
76561197980333161,Recommended,463270,23464493,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Brother PaciFist,"Hello, this is my little review for Ghost 1.0Ghost 1.0 is a 2d platformer, where you explore the world, search for upgrades of your character to explore the world further. You can upgrade your characters rpg light style by finding keycard rooms, in each keyroom is a skill point. The skills are like get more hp, get new move sets, get healing items after tough battles.Your moveset: Your character can jump, use a primary gun and a secondary gun, there are healing items, magnets, shields as utility items.Pro; Very good musicVery good atmosphereVery good characters and storyMany cutscenes with vocalized speakers in english.Good gameplay, smooth movement of your character, no input lag with controller.Hard bossfightsContra:Difficulty in the beginning a little harsh, but gets better with more upgrades and better guns.Ghost 1.0 is one of the best metroid like games that i had the pleasure to play in the recent years. It is really good.Have a nice day"
,Recommended,463270,23456035,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Drumind11,"I'm LOVING this game. It very much has the feel of an UnEpic game, but with more story depth. The SciFi genre within this game appeals to me more than UnEpic did. I will definitely be playing this game for a while.P. S. This isn't a big issue, but there is a slight graphical glitch within the teleporting menus while using an XBox 360 controller. I'm not sure if it's the same with Mouse and keyboard controls. Here's a highlight from my stream today regarding this.https://www.twitch.tv/drumind11/v/71301850"
76561198146235523,Recommended,463270,23709203,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,LaughingDead,"Just finished the game and I gotta say it was an interesting experience.Genre of being a metroidvania definately does live up to it's name, the gameplay itself was solid with a diverse amount of enemies and weapons to keep you interested. The only thing about the weapons system is that you generally didn't know what to expect and could have just wasted your energon (in game currency) on something that you won't really need.The ghost mechanic of controling enemy bots felt well balanced and offered a lot of room in puzzles and platform aspects without getting old. The skilltree was solid, although could've been a bit more rounded out in value, I feel as if several of the abilities were not worth getting no matter what build you prefered.The overall game felt rather short, I hope they expand upon this but really there were only 5 major areas of the game and wasn't really many limits besides progressing the story to get to the next area which you could have already explored before hand. The really weird bits were encountering the bosses without much buildup or exposition on why you needed to kill the boss, possibly just a guard but it feels empty or abrupt when suddenly encountering a boss room and killing it and getting a new primary gun, the gun didn't help you progress through the story (key and lock) and the primary guns feel a bit too similar to really differenicate between.Story was pretty solid, some of the cutscenes were a bit....sparce? Unfinished? Perhaps it was intended but the cinimatics that seem serious or important to the story just had me looking at a crooked angle trying to figure out why the characters were talking like old japan movies with bad english dubs.I would reccommend this game to players looking for games with a metroid feel (obviously) but not to anyone that want's a bit more substance to their 10$ purchase."
76561197993982405,Recommended,463270,25228150,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,rezantis,"This is a really well put together cyberpunk platformer.I don't know what else to say.  I'm kinda annoyed that I ran out of game!  I wholeheartedly recommend it, even if you're not really that into platform games."
,Recommended,463270,23877006,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,witchelfmerm,"I've only just begun to delve into this game, but I can safely say that it is quite an enjoyable game overall.Pros: setting and style and most of the gameplayCons: it might just be me but the dialogue feels a little forced and the comedy a little repetitive.  The gameplay is really good, but some minor flaws would be the slow pace that the player character travels at.  Its not too slow to still enjoy the game, but its a little slow for my liking.Other than a few cons, this game feels very well made and quite polished!I'd say it was more than worth my money, buying it on sale feels a little like stealing, a little bit."
76561198009001260,Recommended,463270,25250651,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Marleau,Pros:-Sassy female robot trying to make it in a male-robot dominated world.-Developer did not lie about the games features pre-release.Cons:-The games plot is built around robot maids and I still haven't seen a Rosie from the Jetsons cameo/reference... yet.If you like Unepic or metroidvania style games you're in for a treat.
76561198023049455,Not Recommended,463270,28785786,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Yusufu,"I bought Ghost 1.0 because I liked UNEpic, but sadly, this game is not nearly as good as UNEpic. The main reason is it is very redundant. The game in short follows this formula:1. I enter a room.2. Trigger Alarm fight robots.3. Get rewarded.------------------------------------Not even the story was interesting to me and the voice acting was dull for some characters mainly the CEO of Nakamura which sounded like an amature emitation. Ghost on the other hand was an interesting character and her voice and lines were great. She was probably why I kept playing it for a little bit longer.It was fun at first, but after few hours, it is not fun anymore. It is all about grinding and back tracking. I'm sick of it, I can't do this anymore!! I cant remember how many times I had to visit the same rooms.Now don't get me wrong for I had a bad experience. You maybe able to enjoy it depending on your interests and the way you play it."
76561198106254798,Recommended,463270,23432422,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,James,"Incredible Game. Keeps that unepic feel while polishing everything and making both combat and adventuring far more fluid. Shame there is no multiplayer, but the single player mode is just as addictive as unepic's multiplayer mode, but this time you don't need to worry about incompotent friends getting in your way!"
,Recommended,463270,23431051,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Sparrow Prince,"Great game, building over Unepic style and going beyond with it's own mechanics, which are pretty interesting. The game is hard, rewarding and really gorgeous. 10/10"
,Recommended,463270,24374721,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,GusDeCooL,"Short info about the game:This is 2D shooting game action, if you played megaman in PSX, you know the drillPro:- the story is wonderfull filled with joke, ""operation chief"". LOL- there is weapon upgrade along the progress don't not gonna keep you bored- the game if enjoyable, balance.- performance is perfect, even using old computer i believe this game can run smoothConst:- i just don't like the energy cube (money in game) is gone (even with upgrade we can only save 20% of it) when we dead, it's annoying to collect it all.Overall:This game is very recommended and enjoyable to play.Hopefully the dev will make new game with this quality and i will be glad to purchase it."
,Recommended,463270,29182691,Posted: 11 January,all,Taberman,One of the better modern Metrodvania games around.  Not quiet on the level of Axiom or Ori but definitely worth picking up if you're a fan of the genre. 7.5/10
,Recommended,463270,26373502,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Thrallord,"A well crafted indie metroidvania! Solid gameplay and platforming with a story to boot, there is plenty of fun to be had. Full short, and informative, review below! Thank you for your time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsyyqmUBPLk"
76561198121389385,Recommended,463270,28881972,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Asada Shino,I brought this game 1 time for £9.99 then I played it for like 15 mins didnt realy like it so i refunded it THEN i brought in on the winter sale for £4.99 and play it a bit more and got addicted i would have totaly brought the game for the full £9.99 the main chacter is funny and the music just makes it even more fun to play 10/10 one of my fav metroidvania games ever.
,Recommended,463270,23522271,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,fadoos43,remind me of megamannot a bad game. kind of short but still nice game.
,Recommended,463270,33306045,Posted: 6 July,all,Cerulean,"From the brief time I've had finishing the tutorial, I must recommend the game for its quirky humor at the very least. Mechanics seem solid, no bugs. Sadly, this just isn't the type of game for me, but for anyone who enjoys platformers and Metroidvanias, I must recommend."
,Recommended,463270,33913223,Posted: 30 July,all,Tevaul,"This game is really good, a good old fashioned Metroidvania, with good cutscenes (mostly good voice acting) and lots of progression.  Really glad I tossed some money toward this."
,Recommended,463270,34224595,Posted: 13 August,all,Coach McGuirk,A great Metroidvania game with a fun story mixed in.
76561198003711145,Recommended,463270,23763136,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,amarant42,"If you like metroidvania, you should definetely try this one.The only annoying thing for me was that sometimes game becomes a little repetitive - if you want buy some cool upgrades, you have to grind cash at same alarm places with mobs, again and again. I found this a quite boring.But either way, game is fun, has interesting story andgood taste of humour. I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,463270,23805264,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Badhammer,"Great platforming metroidvania, a throwback to the fun games i played in my younger years. I was a little worried about playing a game like this without a game pad; but i have found the controls using the mouse and keyboard to be better than anything i ever had on an old snes.The game itself is well written and pokes fun at gaming and sci-fi; making referneces to role playing games and even quoting arnold schwarzenegger. Like most games of this sort the learning curve to how abilities work and why to use them is there for you and often described and shown. Think of all the gameplay you loved in Metroid but not so serious, think of the fun you wish you could have had playing so many games, all that is right here in this game. Music is good, writing is good, gameplay is fun, and the price is right.I know that I am not too far into the game, but i would suggest picking it up! I got it during the summer sale for half price, but it is fully worth full price. I am also tempted to go back and pick up the other titles by Unepic (i had this one on my wishlist because I watch all the games with the cyberpunk tag).After i beat this, I will play it again.10/10"
,Recommended,463270,23432702,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,SioxerNiki,"So far so good.The game has combat mechanics that works, not the most satisfying I have ever tried but the game itself is very charming (including the graphics) with quite a bit of Tongue-in-cheek humour.One big problem at the moment is that you cannot crouch and roll with a controller unless you rebind it in a way that does not seem to be helpful."
,Recommended,463270,23496213,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Munchmellow,"I very rarely write reviews... Infact, looking back on my history I've found that I haven't writen a single one. But this game deserves a good review.Pro's:+ The good guys are fully adorned with character. Complete with flaws, and traits.+ The player is fully customizable with an array of different weapons and skills.+ The storyline is amazing with several twists. Some more obvious then others.+ The gameplay is extreemly satisfying.+ The boss fights (as well as some of the more mundane encounters) take a bit more thought then just shoot and dodge.+ I particularly love how you guys gave a good explination for how the character has multiple lives.Cons:- The bad guys are two dimensional, and their only character trait is ""Evil"" or ""Following orders from the evil one""- I've yet to find a wiki page or any walkthrough for this game. It made finding the bombing locations difficult.- After beating the game it told the events leading up to the beginning in text. It felt like you were hurrying to finish the game and just skimped on the last bit.All in all this was a GREAT game. Deserves a sequel. or a prequel. Whicheves."
,Recommended,463270,23631317,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rinne is Alive,"It's a great game, don't be afraid that you'll get lost because the map system is very simple and easy to understand. You'll always know where to go in the game trust me. The story is a fun little ride with good voice acting and characters. It is slowly given to you as you complete the game, so you'll always want to come back to it.There are some parts that I really didn't like, but there's still only like 10% of the game.(Lab puzzles and junk robot spy mission)Also had some problems starting the game so read the forums if you encounter them. Do your best to get it to work, don't let a little technical problem make you refund this game before you even play it."
76561198038473543,Recommended,463270,23491098,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Caste,"So far so good.Tight combat and platform mechanics, some enjoyable puzzles, a nice challenge level... and some sweet, deep exploration.Good game for metroidvania games and/or sci-fi fans!"
,Recommended,463270,23505748,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,m o n o,"Comfy game with funny humor, decent difficulty settings and great metroidvania feeling without being unfair.The exploration aspect is fun and the upgrade system offers you many options. The progression feels a bit slow but I havent reached the end of the game yet and it stays motivating. The cutscenes are a nice touch and the music is also pretty good."
76561198114125578,Recommended,463270,23434521,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,RockyBalbroa,"If you have ever played games like Shadow Complex, Cave Story, Guacamelee, La-Mulana etc.. and enjoyed them then you will ABSOLUTELY enjoy this. The level of polish that this game brings to the table is fantastic. The comedy is actually pretty funny instead of just trying to be funny.There are skill trees, upgradeable heroes and a bevy of guns to choose from. The controls are also very fluent and easy to get used to. Made better by the fact that the Keyboard/Gamepad controls are completely remappable. I say grab it while it's 10% off because if you play these types of games I can promise you that you will like it.Buy and enjoy!!!-Casey"
,Recommended,463270,23440278,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Shadowfury,"Really solid metroidvania. Tons of fun so far.I'm not sure I like it more than Unepic though, at least for now.Edit: I just beat the game. It's a really good one but in the end I think Unepic is better."
76561198010692484,Recommended,463270,23433714,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Noieter,Gameplay Style: Metroidvania (very similar to Unepic)Genre: I would say... action platformer with rpg elementsRetro Graphics: ...............................CheckRetro Music: ...................................CheckBad oldschool freak jokes: ...............CheckOptional challenges with rewards: ...CheckGood Price: ....................................CheckHumor Sense: ................................StrongAddictiveness: ...........................Too MuchRecommended game: ................Of course
76561198151444895,Recommended,463270,23430643,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lilpoetboy,"Very cute and fun game. if you are a fan of the genre. Gameplay is very smooth for me, i love the ui, menu and how easy it is to configure controller. Worth the price."
76561198056650192,Recommended,463270,25716843,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Pardin,"Amazing!Are you another geek searching for a game like the old metroidvanias? Play this!Great story, great gameplay, great soundtrack, not that easy too and tons of geeky references!10/10"
,Recommended,463270,25922786,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mertsch,"This game dominated a few days of my life, because I had so much fun with it.If you liked Unepic, you are going to like this, too."
,Recommended,463270,30287099,Posted: 2 March,all,Princess Cellestia,"Game's a lot of fun and it's actually a Metroidvania and not a pseudovania game.  However I'd advise the devs to leave the identity politics stuff out.  Especially since it's shoved so ham fistedly, seriously having a female main character doesn't make your game unique, and insulting your customers is a really dumb idea."
76561198023656921,Recommended,463270,25979122,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SiKiN,"9.5/10 ""But what does that all mean Basil.""Ghost 1.0 was an amazingly well presented game taken from the Metroidvania genre and set in a post modern technological era. The gameplay is very basic but as you aquire new weapons you soon realise with every new gun comes a different way strategically of aproaching enemies. As we learned with the previous Title from the developers of Ghost 1.0, this game was always going to be all about the storyline pulling us in and making us laugh along the way and it did not disapoint.I believe this game is a must play for fans of the genre and for fans of the developers I would like to assure you that they have delivered another masterpeice.My final thoughts are that unlike UnEpic which was released with Multiplayer as standard, this Title unfortunatly was not and does not seem to be able to incorperate such a mode, However there is talk of Mission packs being released to continue this Epic title further because as it sits right now the replayability is almost non-existant which for such a great 15 odd hours I spent on this game all I could do after I finished the core story was wish for more."
,Recommended,463270,23873512,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kittenhugs,"Ghost 1.0 isn’t perfect. ""Metroidvania"" is a bit misleading, as it doesn't really have the depth or breadth of abilities and backtracking that make exploring in this games rewarding. However, what it does have is charm, and it has it in spades. It also has its fair share of cringe, bugs, and twists you can call from a mile away. Despite its problems, the price is still right for an 8/10 indie game that combines some of charm of Aquaria with the story themes of The Fall."
,Recommended,463270,23449207,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,claiminglight,"Tight controls, a wealth of abilities and an interesting narrative. Ghost is a great game that clearly inherits a lot of sensibility from Unepic-- but it has evolved in nearly every way.Ghost's difficulty settings include traditional easy, medium and hard settings, but also include 2 modes of play- a traditional Metroidvania approuch (ala Symphant of the Night) and a roguelike setting that strips most of your powerups from you after you die, with a chance to recover some of them from your grave.I've been wholly impressed with the balancing of the Hard difficulty: it challenges me without trying to prove some sort of 'I Wanna be the Guy' point. The Roguelike setting has proven interesting- creating a system of esclating risk and reward that is woven into the gameplay seemlessly.All and all, I'm happy to have picked it up. I think you should too!"
,Recommended,463270,23449688,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,DaveKap,"Don't let this one slip by!This is definitely a Metroidvania at heart with a ridiculous amount of collectables, puzzles, and classic side-scrolling Metroid-like combat. Add an enemy possession system in the vein of Driver: San Francisco, good voice acting, and an unintrusive plot and you've got what I think is a title worth beyond what it's price point is.Plus, it includes a separate rogue-like mode for some damned fine replay value. Seriously, pick this up."
,Recommended,463270,29080675,Posted: 6 January,all,Spooky the Zepa,"Just finished beating this game and I can't wait to complete the video series of it on my channel to show it off and hopefully get more people to play it. This is a fantastic Metroidvania style game that manages to hit a sweet spot on challenging and rewarding. The game almost never feels unfair, and the few times it does its usually because there's a trick to it that makes things click. Its hard while still making every victory feel satisfying and encouraging the player.Aside from the tight and well-tuned gameplay, the writing is excellent and really makes you bond with the characters. I found myself eagerly awaiting the next cutscene to see what interactions would come up next. Some of them are simply amazing and utterly brilliant and had my girlfriend and I laughing out loud. To put a point on it, I was sad to see the game end knowing that would close the book on these guys. And this is a new IP, so its not like I had an entire series to grow to love these characters. That's a sign of excellent character crafting for sure.The music is generally unobtrusive while still serving its purpose and usually decent, but there's a couple tracks in particular that stand out as very catchy and enjoyable to listen to. The main theme, of course, in its triumphant melody, but also the music for the ""Chunker"" area and the final boss come to immediate mind for their appropriateness for the situations.Overall I can't recommend this game enough to anyone who's a fan of the genre. Tight controls, beautiful graphics that have a wonderful comic-esque aesthetic, a good soundtrack, an engaging story, and lots of wit and personality make this one a winner that can easily contend with the big titles for your money. I'd love to see a sequel, but sadly (though satisfyingly) the game wraps up everything in this one package so I don't see how a sequel could work. What are you waiting for? Get it and have some fun!EDIT: Almost forgot, I've never played UnEpic as it didn't seem particularly appealing to me. I want to point out that after finishing this game, I fully intend to buy and play UnEpic at some point. That's how much I enjoyed this game, I want to see what else the dev has produced. How's that for a recommendation?"
76561198105560083,Recommended,463270,23862879,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,DatHippoCat,"This game is fantastic.Lovable characters.Great combat.Dialogue filled with personality and humor.If you are looking for a game to play, one made with love for the genre and other media that inspired it, pick this up and you will leave with a smile on your face."
,Recommended,463270,23926498,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Ⓨ②Seniso,+Good graphics+Good gameplay+Good soundtrack+Good settingMade my day
,Recommended,463270,23812439,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mypasswordisduckling,"Excellent game, engaging progression system but is a bit grindy. I'd reccomend Cheat engine if you're getting bored collecting the game's currency. But otherwise a good attempt at having a story and the action is top notch. The story is slightly predictable to anyone who is thinking ahead but it's definitely worth playing."
76561198209833552,Recommended,463270,23859666,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Warm-blooded Snake,"This is a good sidescroll action shooting game with nicely designed, sometimes pretty hard, puzzle elements. Although the ending is somewhat predictable, the background and story are fasinating."
76561197992898223,Recommended,463270,23483603,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,kiitter,Great game only wish i took my time more and savored my first play through a bit more rather than rushing thro
76561197970759912,Recommended,463270,23672045,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Teyar,"Excelent game, solid art style, good music, snappy controls, heartilly recomend it.BUT BE AWARE OF A NASTY BUG. IT IS POSSIBLE TO PERMANENTLY LOSE GEAR IF YOU HAVENT BACKED YOURSELF UP.(The game uses a souls-like corpse run mechanic, and it also has permanent upgrades in this system if you havent hit a save room - It is entirely possible to die again and PERMANENTLY lose things like weapons, equipment, powerups, without them being re-purchasable at this time. )"
76561197982239699,Recommended,463270,23712434,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Zacpod,"One of the best metroidvanias I've played in recent memory.On par with Dex, I think, which is VERY high praise!(though Ghost is focussed more on platforming, where Dex is more quest focussed.)Buy it, buy it now!"
76561197988693069,Recommended,463270,24645652,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jupman,"Well now this was unexpected ride. I Went from enjoying it, to not liking the cliche story. To being fliped upsidedown at the ending not being what I thought it was this changing my mind instantly.Pros:Story is cute and entertainingCombat is fun.Tons of power-upRPG elementsVoice Acting is GoodCons:Althought ther is a hard mode it was not very hard at later levels.Could be a bit longer, but it gets the job doneMight be a bit hard for keyboard controlsAll in all a good game for the price."
76561198024930612,Recommended,463270,23440499,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,violentstreak,"***update after completion***some plot curves, many many skill challenges.  I haven't thrown a controller across the room in ten years or so.  It happened.  And after finally beating those dastardly skill challenges, ahhh paydirt!  Serisly, haven't had that much fun since SoTN or unepic.original opinion stands.  see below.******************************************************tldr: BUY THIS GAMELong version:If you know what metroidvania is: buy the game.if you enjoyed unepic: buy the gameif you have a sense of humor or a pulse: buy the gameanother title from the unepic folks that shows a love of videogames and all things nerd made for like minded folks.  Obviously some of the humor will fly over the silly un-learned kid's heads who don't understand great games, great humor or great movies but it is still good even for those poor saps who don't."
,Recommended,463270,27855842,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kaonashi,Nice mix between roguelike and metroidvania with great cyberpunk atmosphere.
,Recommended,463270,27775656,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,crazyiz247,Great Game from the makers of Unepic.  Same concept but with a sci-fi twist and alot more fleshed out!  Great job guys!
76561198089843987,Recommended,463270,23989484,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kuroda Nakamura,"A visually appealing game with all the goodness you can expect from a metroid style game. Been playing it with a PS4 controller, and I have to say it feels pretty good, although the roll can be improved on. It feels delayed at times, and I can't seem to roll and shoot at the same time. Also, need to make sure to calibrate it and play around with the controls, which is simple enough. Has a good amount of voice acting so far, and they seem to be pretty competent, which is a plus. The music is pretty cool, with a sort of futuristic tune that reminds me of Megaman. I definitely recommend this game to anyone who loves a good metroid style side scroller."
,Recommended,463270,30955536,Posted: 4 April,all,quantumRyan,Real good!
,Recommended,463270,30993560,Posted: 7 April,all,nachoolo,One of the best Metroidvanias on Steam.
,Recommended,463270,31034811,Posted: 9 April,all,Mario,I recommend this game.
76561198058751638,Recommended,463270,33192104,Posted: 3 July,all,uranium300,Awsome gamegreat plot twist
76561197985032943,Recommended,463270,29022279,Posted: 4 January,all,mr.mseeks,"Despite the extremely generic title this game is a very strong metroidvainia with super interesting mechanics. If  you like bullet hells, roguelikes or metroidvania type games I highly recommend this title"
76561197970504109,Recommended,463270,33421941,Posted: 9 July,all,Apex_Speed,Incredibly fun game
,Recommended,463270,32116176,Posted: 1 June,all,Lyceaos,i absolutely love this game. only complaint is its ahrd to find and/or trigger the souls sometimes but otherwise it is a nerds dream come true for a metroidvania or cyber punk side scrolling game. it needs a sequal so badly. i mean the side missions seem a bit nasty and hard but maybe im just doing them wrong but they are amazing. i cant recomend this enough
,Recommended,463270,28353108,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BludStanes,"I'm not gonna say much, I just want to say this...This is probably the best Metroid game without being a Metroid game.Voiceacting is good, plot is interesting and dialogue is well written, but lets be real, that's not what Metroidvania games are about.Tons of powerups, literally there is a secret on just about every single map cell. The weapons and shooting are great, the possession mechanic just adds great possibilitys for puzzles and some great firepower sometimes.My only Con would be, I wish there were more bosses or sub bosses. The alarams kind of take the place of subbosses. But let's remember their first game (well Steam game as far as I know) was Unepic, which was kick♥♥♥♥♥in its own way. This game is such a HUGE leap in quality, can you imagine what their next game could be like?TL;DR It's huge and expansive, tons of secrets, awesome weapons and powerups, and incredibly fun. A definite must buy for any gamer who likes any kind of 2d games. (Calling it just a 2d sidescroller is a terrible misnomer, I'm only using that comparison for some of the younger gamers here.)Massive thumbs up."
,Recommended,463270,24055420,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Alistair1231,Very nice Metroidvania style game.
76561198080202215,Recommended,463270,32138491,Posted: 2 June,all,1frogy1,I Enjoy The Game And Enjoy The Different Prospective From Being Your Enemies But What I Believe Is Possible If Thought Of This Game Could Get Pushed Into Co-op Quickly! I Believe You Can Have Split The Player As Playing Ghost And Her Robot Body Splitting Them Could Involve Co-op!
,Recommended,463270,23440194,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,W.A. the Anum,"If you love metroidvania games you should really try out this game - but if you played already ""Unepic"" and know its fun, this game is a must have. The game runs smooth and plays so too. The story (so far as i played) is also intressting and the system with the secrets and items works perfect. I only miss a ""LvL system"" but as longer you play you will forgett about it quickly. The style fits perfectly and the humor is great in this game, just like Unepic. Best part so far, the ""GEEK"" items. If you are a ""geek"" or know a lot ""memes"" and/or like, you will sure giggle about some great stuff. I found so far just some but hey, ITS JUST EPIC IF YOU OPEN A DOOR WITH A KNOWN 60s SPIN X´D (no i dont say what i mean, find it yourself ;P!)I can only say again, if you like metroidvania games, you should buy and try it. You cant make anything wrong with it."
76561197970389349,Recommended,463270,23507502,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,TheMonkeyGod,Great game
76561198140330191,Recommended,463270,23457072,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,davidbriandobbs,"The controls are nice and fluid.  I've been playing on Medium difficulty, and I've died a few times, but have always been able to progress.  It is a lot like other games in this genre, but has a better sense of humor.  If you like Metroidvania style games, this one is worth the money.  Here is the first episode of my play-through which basically just gets through the first tutorial stage.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivFELEgwWRk"
,Recommended,463270,23459428,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Cheshne Snoi,"Reminded me of Metroid and Castlvania just as they said. Enjoyable humor and challenging gameplay. If you loved Metroid and Castlevania, you'll love this game.Edit: After finishing he game, and seeing the ending through, I would definately say that game is wirth the price you'll pay for it. The art, the comedy, the refrences, the geek items. There are loads of items to collect and upgrades to find that I haven't even found yet. And the ending is definately worth the time you'll put into this game."
,Recommended,463270,23462088,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,oneirossd,"Fun Metroidvania.EDIT: Now that I've beaten the game, I guess it isn't really a full Metroidvania after all, in that access to different areas isn't governed by your abilities. There's definitely backtracking to unlock secrets, but going through the game is fairly linear. Still, it's a fun game, it controls well, and it has good replay value (assuming you actually have time to replay games instead of moving on to the next one in your backlog)."
76561198031373820,Recommended,463270,23463912,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,BigBizzoune,"THIS GAME IS PERFECT, after only 20 min, i was already proud to put a wallpaper of ghost of my desktop lol.   Realy, its worth, the story is very great.  Strangly the story makes me feel happy, just like when i listen an anime with a good story.   first time i ever feel like that about a game.Lots of potention, but i have a Big question : what will be the first DLC, and when is it going to be available ?I WANT MORE !"
,Recommended,463270,23460320,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Full Frontal  Yeti,"It's sci-fi unepic basically.  Solid game play with some new skin and fun story to go with it. Same enjoyable light tone and humor in a solid MV with RPG character stuff, collectibles, challenges and the whole nine yards you'd expect. If you liked unepic you'll probably dig this. If you like the MV style of unepic but prefer sci-fi setting then this is the unepic for you.If i were to critique it, i'd just say if you have played unepic, this is unepic wearing a space hat.But as the play is the same great play I can't say what should have altered much anyway.And it is a very well crafted space hat, that fits it very nicely.Now that I have ben through the game once.I think it's not quite as challenging as unEpic was, and felt slightly shorter in play if longer in story.But was overall a very good game and worth the cost."
76561197990513484,Recommended,463270,23463650,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Tofumofos,LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!! ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
76561198002784244,Recommended,463270,23463678,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,pred,It's very nice and polished. Reminds me of the times I watched friends play Metroid and similar games. Has good humor and voice acting.
76561198045150606,Recommended,463270,23464041,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,heavy metal jebus,"i fun metroidvania. i feel like it could be better, for example the controls arnt the best at least to me. however its a fun game with tons to explore and many many secerts to find. if you liking shooting things and exploring get this game."
76561198010365747,Recommended,463270,23466625,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Boyinleaves,"""Ghost, you should totally sneak through this area. Oh shoot, you're going to have to...""""Shoot? If you say so..."" BANGALARM ALARMThis developer's previous game was Unepic, a very hit and miss metroidvania cross action RPG homage to roleplaying and pop culture tropes. Ghost 1.0 is made in a simlar vain, but is a massive step up from Unepic, even as it retains some of the silly humour of its predecessor.The gameplay is top quality metroidvania fare, with a multitude of power-ups, new skills and over-the-top weapons, tons of hidden secrets to find, interesting boss encounters and areas, several difficulty levels (of which the hardest is challenging without being unfair) and two gameplay modes - standard metroidvania and a ""roguelite"" setting in which you mostly lose stuff if you die (unless you can loot your corpse). While a little twitchy, the movement and shooting is very smoothly handled, and feels great on mouse and keyboard.Sound effects and music are well-done, although I've found the music a little limited, and it repeats often. The voice overs however are absolutely top-notch; I am really impressed with the performances these people have brought to the table. Lines are delivered with passion, and the characters are brought to life. As much as I generally don't like caricatures or silly humour (it's usually delivered poorly), these guys have done things justice in Ghost, with just the right amount of seriousness mixed into the inanity. Great casting work.The graphics nail the feel of the futuristic space setting aptly, and the animated cutscenes are well drawn.I'm only 10 hours in, but wow, am I enjoying this. Ghost 1.0 is incredibly polished, and made by people who clearly love gaming and pop culture history. Amazing work for such a small studio, well worth your money and your time."
76561197981845749,Recommended,463270,23501849,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Maag Sathgart,"After seeing the trailer, after buying the game and playing through the turorial, and after seeing the ""Cyberneting Frog Launcher"" my heart just melted away. Everything is simply amazing, the graphics, the controls, the story, the humour. This game shows us what games are supposed to be like in our time - as good as the games we constantly dream of. Now, I have yet to discover the rest of the game. And then I'll make sure to watch what this developer will produce in the future."
,Recommended,463270,23696726,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GameCharmer,"This game definitely takes you back to the Super Metroid days.  While the cut scenes run like total crap on an AMD, the game play is buttery smooth, the graphics are badass, and the game itself is definitely replay worthy.  Approaching that 20hr mark. :D"
,Recommended,463270,23451902,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,"Definitely an enjoyable Metroidvania game with a soft hint towards UnEpic's playstyle. If you enjoyed UnEpic, you'll like Ghost even more."
,Recommended,463270,24665173,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mr Squeeze,"If you liked unepic, you'll love Ghost 1.0. It was rly awesome. Now i'll buy any game of this developer."
,Recommended,463270,24627512,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Dxeug,"Ghost 1.0 is a ""metroidvania"" style platformer, but in ""survival mode"" (the default, and in my opinion better, of the two modes) it is very different from any metroidvania I've played before, and brings a lot of interesting innovations of its own. The alarm-raising mechanic makes for surprisingly interesting strategic decisions, and the death mechanics are particularly refined, including some great innovations that I haven't seen in any similar game before (The quasi-savepoints before bosses are an incredibly nice feature. I hope more games borrow that mechanic in the future.)Aesthetically, it's got very well-drawn art across the board, from the character sprites to the cutscenes to the level backgrounds and so forth. The music and sound effect are both quite nice in my opinion. Unusually for an indie game, the writing and the overall story are both excellent. Even more unusually, the voice acting is so good that it's actually noticable when the actors occasionally flub a line-- which I only noticed two or three times over the course of the entire game.In short, this is actually a pretty strong contender for my favorite game of the year. I'm as surprised as anyone by that. It's definitely worth full price, go buy it now."
76561198297902060,Recommended,463270,24590007,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,loons5150,"Another enjoyable, quirky and nostalgic Metroid-vania...loved it! I honestly don't know why this game hasn't gotten more widespread recognition, i.e., porting to consoles. The story is fun, fluid and actually funny. The controls are a bit awkward at first, as it is a twin stick shooter with platforming, so the 2 genres' controls need to coalesce. For $13US, you really can't beat the price...lots of replay value after the main campaign with the rogue-like survival mode."
,Recommended,463270,23437031,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Eldaran,"I have only played for a few hours at this time, but I feel like this game speaks to you early on about what it has to offer. I write from a very new and fresh perspective with high hopes in continuing through the Nakamura space station and seeing what secrets it has to offer. I was playing this with an Xbox 360 controller, but it appears that just about any controller will work as it goes through a very simple calibration when it detects a controller has been plugged in. Some of the buttons were a little weird to me at first, such as Jump being default to Left Bumper, but it makes sense after a while when you start learning some of the other buttons and abilities.The storyline and the character interaction is just enough to make you feel like there is more to this game than killing enemies and finding powerups. Something that Metroid really didn't do much of and Castlevania's latest incarnations did little of. Think of this like Metroid with Metal Gear Solid coms conversations. Overall the characters add just enough humanity to help immerse you into the world. Some of the reactions will make you smile as these characters get to know eachother alongside you the player.The gameplay itself is very smooth and fluid, the controller works really well with this style game. I could also imagine playing with mouse and keyboard since the total 360 degree aiming system would lend itself well to a Mouse control also. There is your standard fare of finding paths around blockages while discovering new abilities and security clearances to open new ways to go or shortcuts back. Most of what they introduce you to should be familiar to you if you are also famliar with this style of game. There are some really cool mechanics such as Ghosting which reminds me alot of Oddworld games and Abe's power, but there are also a lot of hidden power-ups, many weapons and secondary weapons that you can switch between in combat, and what looks to be a Skill Tree system of sorts which I haven't unlocked skill points for yet, but look forward to getting into.Overall, I believe this game has a great presentation, style, and solid mechanics to provide you a nice change of pace from other games you may be playing. It's pretty chill even with the action combat with nice ups and downs in frantic shootouts to more relaxed exploration and dialogue as you go.I really look forward to pursuing more of this game and hope that you do as well. It's totally worth the $10 I paid for it. It had a small sale for early purchasing and a neat ""Founders"" skin for your combat suit for buying the game early."
76561197962849418,Recommended,463270,25241559,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mr Scorpio,Very well done side scroller for people who grew up in the 80s-90s.
76561197997838456,Recommended,463270,23871301,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Gnarledreaper,"An excellent metroid style shooter, I enjoyed this from beginning to end :)"
76561198047046709,Recommended,463270,24419707,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Falsita,just very good
,Recommended,463270,28749997,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,PiLi,gg
76561198109715478,Recommended,463270,33235223,Posted: 4 July,all,Craverns,Can't give this game a perfect score because of the konichiwa segment.
,Recommended,463270,23607660,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DEEE RANK,Too damn good
76561198005409275,Recommended,463270,24031962,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,[WTFH] ragnar_greymane,"So, Ghost 1.0. A wonderful game. That is it. You have all the things that made legends to legends. The story is astonishing, out of the ordinary, the gameplay is very very very very and I cannot say it often enough exactly what I, and I suppose many gamers of the old, were looking for. Back in the day, where you exactly knew how to master that waypoint, but you always died. You tried again, wanted (or like me actually did) smash the game-pad/controller onto the floor, but you d/tried again. (Ok, back in the day, those things were made for eternity, i highly doubt any modern controller would survive that, but my old N-64 made dents into the wooden floor and is still working.)Play it with a controler!Soooo, now that I praised it, here comes something that had been patched after I started playing the game. I had to calibrate and modifiy the controls of the X360 controller. Maybe they thought it was intuitive, but since the SNES it had been the same controls - like A for jumping. Because I didnt realise that the Xbox 360 controller was not automatically calibrated, I tried to modify the controls layout multiple times without effect. So, then I said to myself: why is the A button not the A button, then I calibrated the device, and voilà, all done in less than 30 sec.Loosing weapons, powerups, equipment. This is an issue once you die in a spot where returning is diffilut. To avoid such problems (only had that once in a very confined area, my own fault that i did not save the Ghost before,) try to die not in an area that is normally inaccessible. Sound pretty easy, but if you see that you might die, move away from the walls, at best die in the middle of the room. Problem solved. Also, be careful with skilling. Some skills boost basic abilities and make the game a HELL LOT OF A TON easier or even possible to master at some points. You can, or most likely can, do it without, but with these skills you have a little error tolerance in jumping, for example.As I said, the game has everything. If the game still is too easy, you can boost the enemy! Yes, that is also possible by skilling =3 (pun intended)To sum up. a great game, for at least 30 hours of constant gaming, reprinting, playing, reprinting, grinding (pun intended as well) and by far well worth the money. As I said earlier, you should play it with a controler, the XBOX360 devices are quite affordable, and I have not tested it with any gamepad. If you happen to own a compatible console controller, win-win! If not, perhaps the steam controler might be tempting, I got myself the steam link and played it on my tv. Like back in the day, in good old gaming times.And now it is ON SALE. GET IT!"
,Recommended,463270,24629844,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,GamerLEN,Tumblr Review:http://lenwolfgamer.tumblr.com/post/148237438852/ghost-10-reviewTL;DR Version: A solid Metroidvania title with a few small issues (if you use a controller you're going to want to rebind the controls) but otherwise a great game with a good story and some really fun characters.
76561198057067414,Recommended,463270,25977386,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,GDadDan311,EPIC!! Love this game and I'm only just beginning! It has the UnEpic feel with a polished look in a futuristic setting.  Plays great! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE keep making more of these games!!!
76561198037928649,Recommended,463270,23992627,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Razor Red,"This is a great game...very well polished, and addictive.  The nerdy hacker voice is a little too nerdy for me, but I guess it's supposed to be that way.  I love the various weapons you can find."
,Not Recommended,463270,23661502,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MelonCat,"DISCLAIMER: I was very close to recommending this game and I don't regret playing it through, but it's such a mixed bag that it barely tipped over to ""I do not recommend"" Only if you have a lot of time and you don't have anything else to play.Let's get this out of the way:It doesn't stack up to unepic.Sure it's different setting and it's much less of an RPG, but still underwhelming.It's not just me hating on new things, because they are new though. If I played this first, then unepic I would write exactly the same review.Pros/cons compared to unepic.Pros:- Voice acting (though it's not really that good, but still welcomed)- Targeting system like in 2D shooters- More gimmics- Gimmics are less evil (I still see brain boss in my dreams)- (SUBJ) Less relayabilty on elemental damage (NO axe good against trees, cold good against fire elemntals, etc. In unepic it turned into rock paper scissors and you had to respec your character)- (SUBJ) Argueably better graphics/style- Lots of different weapons- Android possession mechanic (ripped straight from oddworld)Neutral:- Less of an RPG and more of metroidvania shooter platformer with occasional puzzle elements- Shorter, but more focused and more plot driven- Sci-fi setting- Focus on ranged combat instead of meleeCons:- Abysmal story (if you've read/watched a sci-fi story ever you will see the grand twist from a mile away. I literally knew what the grand twist is going to be since I entered the garden)- Bad characters (too simple and not interesting at all, but a lot of time spent to ""develop"" them)- Story taking itself too seriously (there are still lots of jokes and references, but overall plot is more serious. The problem is that plot is too weak to pull that off)- A lot of arenas with waves and waves of enemies on a timer- Stupidly overpriced powerups and weapons in shops- Getting currency is really slow and tidious- You loose ALL of your currency upon death and you can't recover it- Energy cubes that drop from enemies/crates and give you currency disappear REALLY fast (even with an upgrade)- Smaller world- Too many secrets (almost every room has a little reward for uncovering a secret, but it's too cryptic and time consuming. One time you need  kill all the enemies or reach the end of the room, another to switch secondary weapons or possess a certain robot)- Less bosses and they are less memorable- No multiplayer (sure, unepic multiplayer  was broken and horribly unbalanced, but it was fun with friends, so that's a letdown)- Spammy combat- You don't get any powers through exploration and they are not linked to exploration (for example in super metroid you find morphball and now you can get to previously unaccessible areas, in Ghost 1.0 your progress is gated only by colored keys and you have to manually unlock your moveset with currency or upgrade points, but it is not reqired (or needed) to complete any areas)Another BIG, but very subjective con for me is the way how all the references are ""current"". The year is 2048, but the media did not advance one bit it seems. Towards the end of the game ghost tells our geeks that they played too much Kojima games, and that's fine, but it's a joke that could be made today in 2016. It would've been more fun if they said something like Kojima bought konami in it's entirety to get a hold on MGS IP and then made another 14 MGS games or something.It's fine, but those geeks really don't look like they are in 2048.Ok, summary:The game is fun overall and probably worth a playthrough, but there are some really poor design decisions that make that game infuriating at times.Story is too stupid and predictalbe to care about. In fact I almost wanted to scream at the screen, because characters wouldn't catch to their own ♥♥♥♥ing plot. Oh and there are plot holes and motivation problems as well.Even if Ghost 1.0 did not have it's shortcomings, game is still just less interesting overall compared to unepic. You will have 10-15 hours with it, but they will not be filled with fun and engagement.It may very well come down to personal preference, but this game definitely is a mixed bag."
,Recommended,463270,23780557,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Harmony,Buy this game if you like Unepic.What did you say? You don't know what Unepic is?Go buy Unepic then. I mean now.
76561198093060038,Not Recommended,463270,33208953,Posted: 3 July,all,DAYMAN FIGHTER OF THE NIGHTMAN,"This game is just meh. the controller setup is a little odd but nothing that ruins the expierence.  in the opening stages there is a lack of variaty in both stage background and layout.  enemy placement is random and unchallenging and the Ai is to just runing and shooting at the player. while in general the grapical designs are well done something is just off for me.  the audio is fine but nothing memorable. what really drives me to dislike the game however is the constant inuruption of the game whith ""cutsences"" of static images with voice acting done over them completely halting the game when if it had just been the audio playing over the gameplay it would keep the pacing of the game constant.  6/10"
,Recommended,463270,23433102,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Ʀიⅆიⲋ,"This is Epic game! Btw, here, in Russia -  it cost ~4$ - so low for so good game. (not trolling)"
,Not Recommended,463270,24804994,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Beefster,"I expect platformers to feel good on a controller. This one does not in any way, no matter how you bind your controls. It's so dependent on M+K that it's kind of depressing.Combat is bland and movement seems like an afterthought. Ghost form is incredibly slow for no reason. Death is brutally punishing for no reason. Arenas feel like a chore more than a challenge or obstacle. It's a poorly thought-out combination of mechanics which would be great by themselves.I was very disappointed and did not feel driven to slog through any more gameplay. I got a refund and spent the money on Momodora: Reverie Under The Moonlight and Guacamelee instead. That was a much better use of my money."
76561198049993463,Recommended,463270,23489175,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Procedurally Generated Birb,"You enjoyed UnEpic, right? Yeah, you did. This is the dev that made UnEpic, no further salesmanship needed."
,Recommended,463270,26208553,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nernbutt,"I'm actually quite impressed  with all aspects of this game so far,  even the neckbeard."
,Recommended,463270,26179963,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Trollune,Epic boss fights !Clever puzzles !So much (un)epicness overall !
76561198042628923,Recommended,463270,23999268,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kloodge,"Like Unepic, this is a great game. I'm glad I bought and played it. It was a lot of fun.But just like Unepic, I hated the ending and will never finish it.I understand they are trying to do something different, but I just spent 16+ hours building a character. I want to finish the game playing her. I can't say much else without spoiling things. There are threads about it in the forum.I'll still buy their next game, and probably whine about the ending there too, but I wish they would stop doing this."
,Recommended,463270,24004066,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sing Baby Sing <3,this games was just pure joy. the controls were easy to master even by a pc noobie like me. The game always threw a good curve balls at many moments. the music and boss were incredible and unique to each section. This was like the missing metriod-vania game i needed in my life. So i would rate this 100/10 would buy again and any sequels!
,Recommended,463270,23998913,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Paleknight,"Feels like a metroidvania game and has rogue-like with great visuals, pretty interesting and funny simple story, and great run and gun play with alittle bullet hell to it."
,Recommended,463270,24558822,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Alexx,"Playing this and thinking it's one hell of a win, then suddenly the amount of win became over 9000."
76561197982567490,Not Recommended,463270,24836216,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Nathaniel Prime,"Ghost 1.0 has the makings of an excellent game, but it has a glaring flaw that prevents me from being able to recommend it. This is a Metroidvania game and so collecting powerups is at the heart of the game... and in this game, there is a not-infrequent bug which will cause you to lose upgrades permanently. The developers seem to be active but for some reason have not patched this bug. I will re-evalutate when/if they do."
76561198061473864,Recommended,463270,23431997,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Vince131,so greyfox and samus had a kid and this is her story
76561198055830635,Not Recommended,463270,24625574,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Boiteachaton,"WARNING: I ACTUALLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME with a 50-60% off, but I bought it at the full price and i'm a little bit dissapointed  for 14$ :(. This game is enjoyable if you are looking for a short unique 2d platformer at 6-7$, but I wouldn't go higher.WARNING 2: English is not my first langage :(. If I did some mistake, feel free to correct me!General feeling of the game is good, it is well thought and interesting. For my first 7-8 hours I had a really good time playing this game, sadly at 80-85% through the game (so near the end of the game) it looked (emphasis on 'looked', I know Fran put a lot of time in this game!) botched, mainly the plot line (which I will review in a non-spoiler way at the best of my capacity!).Disclaimer: I played once, and will most likely play more than once, the full game at Classic, Hard, got every souls room (for a few rooms I had to look up a guide, but 80% of them were found simply by playing the game, jumping around and having fun!)First, let's get an image of the gamePros:The gameplay is satisfying, let's get this straight. Movement is great, it has a good response, guns response are also satisfying, etc.The concept of alarms and 'hacking' is actually really interesting. I think it could've been even more exploited, probably on the way you get rewarded for completing an alarm?Skill tree in a 2d platformer? Sign me in! Sadly though, I will adress what I think went wrong with this in the 'cons' section. But the idea was actually good. I think we need more 'bold' (big word here) mix like these in 'metroidvania'/2d platformer to keep these kind of game fresh.Graphics are nice. Yep, not much to say here :)! (Not for me at least.)The idea of 'ghost form' is a great idea! Would've love to see more of this! Honestly, The game had a 'splinter cell' feeling (or spying feeling? can't put my finger on it), in the way that ghost can control a robot and move between wall! Anyway, I liked the idea!The powerups were for the most part interesting, but a little bit easy to get! (With money.) I think some side-quests could've help with this? Who knows!It has, at a certain degree, the same 'fun' vibe as unepic, like the jokes, the way it doesn't get itself too seriously. I like it!The Soundtrack is fine, nothing to write a book about, but it does the job well. As for the sound, some of them are taken from unepic, which in my book is totally fine (had some nostalgia hearing it), but they are all fine too. Nothing bad to say on this really!The way ennemies die is pleasurable, it feels rewarding. Everything exploses the way it should >:).The universe is well done. You feel in a ship full of robot; the way some little robot comes to repair everything you kill, the self protection from turrets and such; lazers(!); all contribute to give a good sci-fi feeling.Cons:The ending will most probably leave you... unsatisfied or confused. I thought I was at about half the game when I finished it. Soo much side story going on, and so much potential to continue... Minor spoiler (no plot line involved):You can't end a story simply by a continuous wall of text describing what will happen to the bad guys!... It just feels anti-climatic! And thats what happen in the game :(... and you had such a good setup with 'coder' Iirc? (the one employed by viktor to spy on you). I felt like there was going to be a fight with him like in Castlevania Aria of Sorrow with Julius!Again, the final boss will disappoint you if you are a nostalgic of the mega boss in 'super metroid/metroid series', 'castlevania' kind of games. Spoiler (spoiler of unepic too):There is no final boss. Only a final 'fight'. It was the same in Unepic (for example), but it felt more 'epic' actually, in my opinion. Even though i'm not a fan of these kind of 'ending', in unepic I felt it was done in a better way and didn't felt 'rushed'. The final fight might seem hard, but there is so much items and weapon to protect you that you mostly need to survive by using them instead of going all out full ham mode.Way too much secondary weapon. Most of them are kind of boring too... I think this aspect of the game could be more fleshed out.Some of the hidden souls are just unfair to get... But this aspect of the game is mostly a succes though. I think more creativity could be put in the way of getting the souls. Or, simply don't put souls in every room! It would make theJacker skills that show every room that you have/haven't got the souls from way more better! What a shame.The skill tree is both good... and bad sadly. Most of the skills are bland. +flat hp? Come on, I know you are better than that Fran! At the same time, you get some bonuses from having a point in a part of the skill tree, which is brilliant! Synergy was a good idea, but most of the skills are underwhelming, I had a hard time chosing what to skill up.Alarms are great, a good concept really. But they become repetitive after a point in the game. A mini-boss in an alarms could be a way to adress this issue! And in a weird way, later in the game, there is way less alarms. Anyway, good concept but fell short of being great.The items were again like the secondary weapon, kind of bland. Some have really precise use, others are just flat out too situational (depending on what happens to you). All in all, I think by putting less items, it would be better.The overall size of the game (the map) is... small? It's kind of odd actually. I don't know exactly how much room there is, but it's not that much. I think the game could've use like 2 or 3 more big zones.A couple side-quest could make this game even more interesting! I think it almost cried for some, since robot talk between themselves and there is a merchant that talks 'once' to you (if I recall correctly)! The whole ship seems full of life, but damn there is not much interaction between you and the robots.I sometimes felt that the quantity of bullet took over the 'quality'. By this, I mean that sometimes the difficulty seems to be solely based on the quantity of bullet on the screen rather than the way they behave. But, even without the +flat hp from the skill tree, you still have plenty of life to take A LOT of bullet. It kind of take away from the difficulty of the game since there is a lot of items to heal you and more ways to do so.So, what we are left with is a good game, with great gameplay, but simply missing content (or in the case of items/weapon there is too much!) and a real satisfying ending. It's a shame, really. In comparison I think in unepic there is too much stuff to do, but it's fine since I believe in 'better more than less'!This game could easily be 'an epic' 40+ hours story gameplay, but It lacks some side things to do and some substantial stuff to make the game longer. But, even with this, the game is still enjoyable and as I said at the beggining of my review, in a sale I would still buy it. I just think that 14$ is a bit too much.Also, I think that what the game would greatly benefit from is a kind of arena-esque sucession of room, mixed with the idea of alarms, and some optional way to go  (to find more powerups, or a hidden something (be it a boss, a switch, animals, pop-corn, a door that lead to a boss, you get the idea )).Remember that this is my opinion. I still love the game, and I would continue to look forward to your games Fran ;) ! But my expectation were higher after playing Unepic (and playing so much 'metroidvania'/2d platformer games).GG!"
,Recommended,463270,24383436,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,James Voldemor,konnichiwa
76561198021981091,Recommended,463270,32956559,Posted: 28 June,all,[DFE] Tai-sa,nice
76561198011123933,Recommended,463270,23436000,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,bloodtears28,wow i love this game very good only 3 heures of play but planty of fun. its realy the title how can take the place of the old metroid serie. good job
,Recommended,463270,26073741,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,unwaveringresolve,"At alarm lvl 20, the game is effectively a bullet-hell shooter. I'm ok with that."
,Recommended,463270,23439399,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,1337 n05c0p3 bl4z1ng 7r1ck5h07z,"Enjoyed Unepic, this game is great too, 9/10. Recommend."
,Recommended,463270,31525963,Posted: 3 May,all,SHOCKCABLE,"Excellently executed side scroller shooter. I enjoyed my time playing it.Story is great and gameplay is pretty fun. You could get lost playing for hours,in this one.Pros:Nice graphicsSide scroller shooterCons:NoneOVERALL:7/10"
76561197972314806,Recommended,463270,24004704,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[LaF]HateSmurf,"If you enjoyed Unepic, you'll find Ghost 1.0 another fun metroidvania adventure. A bit more ""bullet hell"" then Unepic, be same nerdy humor."
,Not Recommended,463270,23449211,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Gortart,"tl;dr : They fixed some of the problems, but the game still sucks. Don't buy it.Looks cool but it is bad.The only movement upgrade is double jump, jump-dash. And the game sprays bullets and expects me to dodge most of them. Feels like I Want To Be The Guy series, but it's worse because player hitbox is gigantic.Good players can deal with most of them, but there are so many insta-death in last area. I like hard games but this game feels like it's just cheating. They don't do anything other than to annoy you. Dying isn't punishing. Just annoying.Let me compare this to shovel knight.Shovel knight looks simple but there are much more powerup than ghost. In shovel knight, there are  Hp up, magic up, unique use items, cool attack moves etc. And you can get them easily by just continuing the game. In ghost? Hp up, Hp up, Hp up, Bullet up that doesn't really do anything, 10 Hp regen item that takes hassle to refill, Item magnet that is too expensive to refill so I didn't even use once. Oh guns? Good luck grinding that much cubes only to find out that they all suck. The most unique weapon is the frog launcher that you get from the beginning.For save point, shovel knight has the glass globe thing. You can touch it and you will revive from there. Or you can break it and get more money but death will be more punishing. Ghost has 3D printer. That is cool. But they are placed in strange location that doesn't make much sense. Most of them are middle of a segment so they are very awkward to use."
,Not Recommended,463270,23548287,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Gig,"I want to start this by saying thatI actually like this game. I think that the concept is great, and there are plenty of fun moments, but as of right now, I can't suggest this game and rather think it's better to wait.Now it already seems that the developers have been working on patches, so if in the future the issues I have are fixed, I'll come back and change this review. But in the meantime, there are a few glaring problems that make this hard for me to suggest whole-heartedly.So, what are the few issues that hold this otherwise fine game back for me? In four words: difficulty, control, and plot.But let me delve into that a bit more.The natural difficulty of the game (not the chosen difficulty at the beginning - but for the record, I'm playing on ""Normal"") is not padded out or distributed even whatsoever. I've run through high-level security alerts with no problems whatsoever, barely even getting scratched. And I've then turned around and died in rooms with no enemies. I've had the other way around as well. Damage in this game is measured strangely, to where some hazards can deal your entire health worth of damage in less than a few seconds, without giving you much time to adjust. The controls can sometimes aid to this being a frustrating situation. Now, traps are traps and are going to be punishing, but there feels like there's an awful lot of ""♥♥♥♥ you newbie"" traps, or otherwise traps that severely punish you for making the smallest mistake. In the same areas as these rooms, sometimes right next to, there are roomsriddledwith traps and enemies... that are so easy to navigate through that it's almost insulting.Similarly, some Bosses and Alerts do such constant damage with so many constant attacks that it often feels like your only option is to dodge and roll - which only makes it worse since that gives the enemy(s) more time to attack you - and some Bosses/Alerts are dead easy, even without terribly magnificent upgrades. So far, I've found the first boss to be one of the hardest, and the forced plant-area alerts to be some of the most difficult to get through. But these don't seem to be on a curve progression getting harder over time - more sprinkled throughout, while still following a linear trail.Otherwise, most of the other rooms of the game are of little to no consequence whatsoever with a few exceptions. Most enemies die after only a few hits, even later in the game, while you can sit there and take so much from them before even being in a critical state that it's not even really a challenge. And there might be merit in that if these areas were to just wear you down before coming up against something challenging, like an Alert, Boss, or trap room, but using pipe-rooms and healing items is otherwise so convinient that it just makes these areas another few steps necessary to take before you get to the next goal.Now, that said, there have been challenging parts of the game that I feel really make the best of the tools that the developer was playing with here. Some of the puzzle rooms are quite clever, and I always feel as if the developers intended a wide multitude of solutions to a number of them. Much of the platforming segments feel like something out of Megaman, and I mean that in the best way possible. Additionally, even when you take the upgrades that make platforming easier, it's very clear that the developers kept that in mind when designing certain rooms, so while the rooms might be easier to get through, they still might pose a challenge, or can otherwise be gotten through without the upgrades (though somedoallow you to get through much faster without being required). Ultimately, though, these moments feel more like oases in areas that are otherwise uninteresting as far as gameplay is concerned.As far as controls are concerned, I feel like they're a bit wonky. They're not terrible, and I've certainly had worse. However, they can feel really stiff at times - in some cases making me feel like I'm in complete control, and in othercases feel like I'm more giving a list of directions to Ghost that she needs to complete in order rather than actually controlling her. It's hard to explain without feeling it, but it definitely comes up in moments that require a lot of maneuvering. I feel like this wouldn't be too much of a problem if there weren't areas in the game dedicated to having such direct control and high maneuverability. You'll definitely feel this in some of the more hectic Alerts, and rarely in platforming segments.Finally, the way the plot is presented I feel hinders this game a lot. I actually like the story quite a bit, but it feels way out of place the way it's shown in this particular genre - it's something more akin to an RPG than a Metroidvania action/platformer. Some story related events are told as you're playing, while a vast majority fully stop the game and immediately take you out of everything to give you a couple seconds of dialogue or backstory. Now I don't mind this for a couple scenes, and I wouldn't mind this if it didn't happen so much, but almost every single story-segment is a cutscene that interrupts the flow of the game and tries to hold your hand through it. The ironic thing is that I feel if many of these cutscenes were told while you were actively playing, particularly through some of the bigger, emptier/easier rooms that otherwise feel like padding, it would've served both of these aspects of the design a lot better. While, yes, you can skip the cutscenes, the fact that they stop everything when they come up and so many of them are unavoidable - with a few even being in a sequence of one another only giving you a couple seconds of control before another one appears - just takes me out of it. I dolikethe story, but here it's told more like a book and not really a game.All-in-all, this seems like a good cake that was taken out of the oven just a bit too early. I think if the devs buckle down and work on some of the issues currently here in the coming weeks, it'll be something great. The potential here is amazing. When/if this changes, as I said, I'd fully recommend it.In its current state, I'd say if you can get it on sale for under 10 bucks, go for it. It's got a charm that's otherwise a bit difficult to find in games nowadays. But as it stands, in its current state, its definitely not something I'd recommend at full price.I'll probably beat the game and enjoy it, but I'm already feeling like I'm having to fight through unenjoyable or frustrating parts and aspects of the game just to get small nuggets of fun.If I had to give an arbitrary rating, I'd give it a 3.8/7.Edit: Formatting"
,Recommended,463270,26192173,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,ayetoday,"would hail a few more service robots only to hear ghost's sweet voice saying ""konnichi wa"" again.✮✮✮✮½"
,Recommended,463270,24024483,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Borislav Georgiev,Coniciua! Coniciua! Conici........... UnEpic!10/10
76561197981588360,Not Recommended,463270,23529276,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,40GallonTophat,"Fairly boring and only a metroidvania in terms of the map.  You don't get abilities that let you explore more places, you just slowly find more keycards to new rooms and it's all clearly marked on the map.Ps&Cs+ Controls are tight+ Looks nice enough+ Decent sense of humor+ Runs perfectly through streaming+ As always, character writing is on point- Gameplay is repetitive and boring- Story is solely told through voiceover where your character freezes and they talk for 5 minutes or via overly long cutscenes -- no player interaction whatsoever- Every room looks the same, so there's little sense of discoverytl;dr: Game is a boring reskin of Unepic only without the charm"
76561197984835979,Not Recommended,463270,24307325,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,BigWolf,"The game difficulty are unbalanced. In the most part of the game, the difficulty is between easy and average. But the boss battle is ridiculous, look like that when it see that you gonna win it begins to cheat to make you lose. Doesn´t matter if only left 1% of the boss health, it will do something that will drain your health instantly. I have played a lot of difficult games, that make you lose repeatedly, but it does in a way that is fun. This games does in a way that you wanna give up."
76561197981537445,Not Recommended,463270,29453160,Posted: 23 January,all,urbanriot,"I really wish people would stop using 'metroidvania' when it doesn't really apply. As someone who went through the NES generation those two games had something special that this game doesn't have - variety. While the game's control and interface is fairly polished, the game itself is all too same-y and doesn't have the cleverness that either of those two games had, the backtracking through areas of a level that look exactly the same as the last area is extremely tedious.Metroid had you taking a path to get an item to get you through a previous path you came across, and you recalled that previous path because it required a clever solution like freezing enemies to hop on them to get higher. This game doesn't have that.This just isn't a good game, it's boring and uninspiring."
,Not Recommended,463270,33714002,Posted: 21 July,all,"God, owner of the Universe","The game really has A LOT going for it, but I ended up HATING it, that's why I won't go into the details of the various things that are really good about it. So, what made me hate it?The bad BAD difficulty ""curve"" (balancing). I went through all those corridors to finally open that door - only to find an almost unbeatable BOSS? :( I hate boss fights, but this one is really higher on the annoyance scale. And this is THE FIRST boss, what am I going to encounter LATER?This guy jumps all over the place and throws grenades/drones, hard to not get damaged. After a few attempts, I ended up reducing the difficulty from normal to easy, which♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, because it insinuates to be a permanent measure / a measure with more consequences than just the difficulty. And one can assume that a difficulty change affects THE WHOLE game even though only the boss fight (Significantly!) requires it.So I went in there again - and saw a save-spot. Since the boss wasn't easier at all, I guess the save-spot was the consequence of the lower difficulty. And what does it do? Well, after I died AGAIN, the game continued with me being in that place. But the boss was FULLY RECHARGED. So, it ONLY saved me the traversal of like three rooms! No help at all.And, what's more: I HAD him this time! He was exploding. But then, with me in the outermost corner, no way to go anywhere, the already exploding boss JUMPED ONCE MORE, so in parallel to the boss exploding, the player death animation was playing. And then the game congratulated me on beating the boss. And then I respawned - and so did the boss.Plus, the music track you hear in almost ALL rooms is far from good enough to be played ALL THE TIME! It's annoying!Again:Super repetitive music.First boss is already super hard, giving the outlook that the later game will suck extremely, so why keep struggling?Reducing the difficulty does nothing except give you the impression that you lost something.Even if you beat the boss, 3 seconds later he may attack and kill you, but the game isn't even programmed to deal with that.There are also a lot of positives (making this game better than many others in those regards), but that kind of pulls the score down even more, because you experience the incredibly wasted potential. What could have been a fun Metroid game with some interesting mechanics just became an annoying disappointment with promises of incredible frustration, accompanied by an annoyingly repetitive soundtrack.I heartily suggest that you spend your money on other games instead. This is A FIRM THUMBS DOWN! I really hate this game. What a failure."
,Not Recommended,463270,34148758,Posted: 10 August,all,Zyrxil,"Warning: This game is not a Metroidvania. That is to say, it's not a game where you gain abilities over the course of the game that allow you to access new areas and open up previously blocked places in old areas. What it actually is, is a semi-nonlinear sidescrolling shooter, with a few exploration elements similar to Metroidvanias.The positives: okay animation, nice artwork, good audio and visual effects.The meh: Map design. It's not bad, but there's nothing notably good about it either. I wouldn't even mention it except this game aspires to be a Metroidvania, and really good map design sets Metroidvanias apart.The negatives:-The main gameplay focus is on 'kill-rooms', where you trigger an alarm, get locked in the room, and fight off wave after wave of robots until the alarm is overridden by your hacker buddy in the story. Many of these are optional (it's the main method of earning currency to buy weapons), but a ton of them are not. This is not a balanced gameplay loop for something aspiring to be a Metroidvania. It's a heavier emphasis on shooting action than shmups.-Really cringey amateurish storytelling. It's not the concept behind the story (which is a good if really overdone scifi concept of 'what is real sentience'), but how it's conveyed. In Ghost, it's conveyed through badly placed cutscenes that disrupt the flow of levels, with lots of forced humor, and (understandably) cheap voice acting from what I assume are the members of the dev team."
76561198032136124,Not Recommended,463270,23873620,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tenchi212,"I dunno, there's just something about being told that i have to Infiltrate a monolithic space station filled to the brim with security, then being encouraged to set off every single alarm i come across that just rubs me the wrong way."
,Not Recommended,463270,23600207,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mithaldu,"Ahead: I absolutely love UnEpic, it is a great game and i enjoyed every minute of it. Given that, i was looking forward to another master piece from the same developer. Sadly this one let me down before i could even get into the meat of the game.As it is, i just can't recommend the game, simply based on the fact that many technical details are off, making the whole thing feel and play clunky. The particular issues i have at the moment:- not everything that happens ingame has sounds, according to the dev this is to keep it from being too noisy- worst of all, the entire game has constant and noticable input lag, which is especially bad since this game is mouse-aimed. this is not vsync, this is a problem with the render loopOnce at least the last of these things is fixed, the game may be good, but as it is, it's too clunky for me to play and enjoy, and i can only recommend it for people who don't mind a thing or two wrong with their game.Edit: Dialog button order has been fixed."
,Recommended,463270,24025043,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Tsukiyomaru Zero,Developers of UnEpic. Need I say more? Really?
,Not Recommended,463270,23529300,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dead Baby Jokes,Controller support is totally broken. I couldn't even get past the menu. Controller calibration totally non-functional. I tried three different known good controllers.
,Not Recommended,463270,32848604,Posted: 27 June,all,Beautiful Murder Machine,"i really wanted to like this game, but took me 45 minutes of play to unlock the basic 'possess other robots' mechanism in favor of some painfully unfunny dialogue that added nothing to the experience. some tips for developers:• if you're going to put in interruptions for the game to add to the story, t should probably be more than just audio and subtitles while your character idles. even the aggravating codec interruptions in Metal Gear Solid were more dynamic than this, and that was almost 2 decades ago.• even if you do the above, you probably don't want to put cut scene interruptions every other room. Even if they were well-written and added to the game (these fall far short of that), you're not letting someone actually play the game. you're taking away the biggest thing about games as a playable narrative: making them playable. At best you're wasting my time because you love your own writing, at worst you're wasting my time because you really hope i'll stick around past the 2 hour steam refund window.• if you're going to put gameplay tips in that require a keypress to dismiss, you might want to put them in the center of the screen and pause the game. it's really not helpful to remove all control from the player during their first alarm by putting up a tip in the upper right corner. If you have a big monitor, this might as well be invisible.there's tons of positive reviews for this game, so you can probably safely ignore mine; there may be a good game in here somewhere. but if you'd like to actually play the game right away instead of watching poorly written jokes about a hacker stereotype, you can skip this one."
,Not Recommended,463270,26209293,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,bickmanII,玩了2个小时，感觉有点单调了，手柄控制不是很舒服，可能键位没设置好，而且射击还是用鼠标瞄准比较好，每个房间就是打打机器人，而且有的房间机器人超多，都躲不了，死了还要再到特定的房间打印，东西也没了，有点扫兴
76561197961222149,Not Recommended,463270,33581827,Posted: 16 July,all,Corax Ashishishe,A by-the-numbers Metroidvania with decent combat that begins to tire around the time that it is clear that the author is mostly interested in talking about social politics in video games.
76561197970512270,Not Recommended,463270,29598848,Posted: 30 January,all,AAKURTZ,Ghost 1.0  6/10Slightly above average Metroidvania ruined by some of the lamest characters and voice acting I've ever heard.
76561198002009022,Not Recommended,463270,30262064,Posted: 1 March,all,ZarquonReturns,"By-the-numbers Metroidvania platformer. Weird nerd creator self-insertions in the story were jarring. I liked some parts of it, but my time would have been better spent elsewhere."
76561197975672725,Not Recommended,463270,23544148,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,wrf90,"I really hate this game. It is a hard game, but it's hard in a way that is not fun. I just finished Dark Souls 3 - a notoriously hard game, but a game that is challenging in a fun (albeit sometimes very frustrating way). I love Dark Souls 3 for its challenge. This game is challenging and frustrating in a very boring, unfair way. It is very unbalanced. I played Classic mode in medium difficulty. You know how if you die in DS 3, you have a chance to reclaim your corpse and all your souls? Well in this game when you die, your 'souls' (energy cubes used to buy items and powerups) are gone forever. Oh yeah, you have an upgrade that lets you reclaim 10% of your cubes ('souls') when you die. Big effin' woopty-doo. Also, when you clear 'alarm zones' (challenge areas) they drop a fair amount of cubes ONCE, never again. You know after a boss area in DS 3 there is a bonfire, so you can go home and cash in on your souls? Nothing like that here. No homeward bone to teleport home, you have to physically go back, and if you die, well you're screwed, sorry! So the challenge areas only drop energy once. Then if you lose your cubes, well now you gotta grind by blasting areas and crates, that give out small amounts of energy that quickly disappear. By the way, did I mention this game is designed to kill you with new traps you've never seen before, that almost one-shot you out of the blue? So if you've never encountered it before, you'll die and lose all your cubes, then you have to grind slowly, kill 50-60 enemies (only 3-4 per room now) to get enough to buy a decent upgrade. So, very unbalanced, frustrating, unfair, grindy in a boring way type of game. The developers hate gamers. The only thing to do is to play the game, learn the dirty tricks the game has in store for you, then once you get a feel for it, restart the game from scratch so that you can clear challenge areas AND cash in your energy cubes before you die, now that you know what you're doing. But, the rooms/enemeies are not procedurally generated, so on your second playthrough everything is exactly the same. Does this sound fun to you? Sounds like bullsh!t to me. So, thumbs down. BTW the game these developers made previously, called UNepic, is actually pretty good. Pick up that title and ignore this unbalanced POS that is not designed to be fun AT ALL."
,Not Recommended,463270,24229889,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Konri_one (K_o),"It's the same story as Civilisation 5 and Civilisation Beyond Earth.We have Unepic moded into 'new game'...Additionaly I got stuck on one task due to some odd bug, had to refound.I might re-buy it in future to check if something has changed..."
76561197985267228,Not Recommended,463270,23759527,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ScaryDoor,"My god, the writing is so bad.  I'm actually a bit in shock at how terrible it is.  You can't walk down a single hallway without being interrupted.  I can't take it.  Give me a refund, please.As for the gameplay, I can't say much.  I walked down a couple hallways and shot some robots.  There was a lot of dialogue.   This is a bit incoherent, but the dialogue is still echoing in my head.  I think I need to lie down."
,Not Recommended,463270,34536638,Posted: 27 August,all,Al Djeafnte,"Needlessly long tutorial sectionCollecting resources that don't mean anythingBeing told you can collect things lost on death, can'tHealing items exceedingly rareLimit to 60 FPS lowers framerate to below 60 FPS and makes them unstable.Gotcha deathsNo reliable way to healGrand old time here.Takes Unepic's 2/10 to a 3/10"
76561198042445300,Not Recommended,463270,33260709,Posted: 4 July,all,Snow,"I am not too long into the game. However, I have noticed some anti-white themes. They joke that a black or female character can't have a lead role because they aree not white. That is just foolish. I liked the female character until they had this discussion. Don't play unless you are a SJW."
,Not Recommended,463270,23445540,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Bunny Munro,"Well I saw this game and read it was like Axiom Verge and I took the plunge. I played for about 30 minutes and quit. It's not atmospheric like I feel Metroidvania games should be, you are stopped in every room for a bit of dialog which is mostly lame attempts at ""video game humor"", there's no sense of exploration, I could go on. Unfortunately, can't recommend this one."
76561198003163927,Recommended,463270,25097636,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,MG,"The game is a wonderfull Metroidvania game. The story is predictable but all the geek references and the banter between the main characters made me laught. So if you enjoy a metroidvania game I would suggest you give this one a try. If you are just interested in the story, I'd say move along."
76561197996863146,Recommended,463270,25104970,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,A_Lad_Insane78,"The game is quite good, it can be immensely frustrating, but is quite rewarding when you managed to get past the parts that frustrate you."
,Recommended,463270,25083546,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Zoey,As someone who isn't into these sort of games i was quite shocked when i actually got it and found it quite fun for the price and size it is worth your time.I only got for Robot Girl yes i am one of those scrubs.It has good PC controls so no controller needed (SHANK YOU COULD OF LEARNED FROM THIS)
76561197970341328,Recommended,463270,23489890,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Trance,"Great game, really fun!"
76561198052274007,Recommended,463270,23548816,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,lnleo,This game is an amazing platformer/shooter. The controls have been much upgraded since Unepic and the graphic looks wonderful. If you love metrovania type games this one is deffinitely worth your time.
76561198064293444,Recommended,463270,23551475,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Justivus Rex,"This isnt realy a review i just wanted t say how i feel about Ghost 1.0 and add to the positive revviews.                                                             THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                      Really. Its a better than a metroidvania. That word is over used. This is like the new standard for this kind of game. The way there is no real hand holding is fantastic. and how nearly every room has a secret. Michael Jackson, Batman, Fantastic. I Love it. I enjoyed their previous game ""UnEpic"" too. A good arpg/metrovania"
76561198030794979,Recommended,463270,23551639,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,JohnvanTuyn,"Loving it! I'm playing classic mode on medium difficulty.Very nice platform game, gives a nice metroid vibe.Good gameplay, with nice collectable upgrades, skills, shops, and extra's.Controls are good, making boss fights a joy (I'm using gamepad).And a nice story with humor to give you that little bit more incentive to keep playing."
76561198009698621,Recommended,463270,23521302,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Bosk,"I can't believe this only costs 13 €, great job @unepic_fran"
76561198019391939,Recommended,463270,23522503,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,BoonPflug,Time truly flies when playing this game. 5 hours can feel like 15 minutes. I recommend classic+hard to get into the game unless you find souls games too easy and want some more frustration.
,Recommended,463270,23524651,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Dekeon,"I had been looking for a good metriodvania style game to play for a while now and this game fit the bill perfectly. I bought it because the trailer looked good and 10$ or so during release week is a great deal for as much fun as this game is.To be honest the biggest draw for me was the scene in the trailer where it showed the inventory screen with those grids filled with powerups and items. I am a sucker for games with lots of stuff to acquire like that and there is so much crap to pick up in this and I'm not even finished with it yet. Then after I got the game I found out it even has a rogue-like mode for more challenge, yes please.The ammo regeneration system is neat once you get used to it, at first it got on my nerves because its easy to run out if you don't pay some attention to how you fire. Especially during bosses and alarms. Though there are a few guns that I wish I hadn't wasted money on.A warning for some though... This game is COVERED in references. Movies, other games, and TV shows you name it, it's probably in there somewhere. They handled this well though, they aren't really intrusive unless you decide to use a ""geek"" which is a toggleable pickup that will cosmetically alter the game based on a reference. These are pretty amusing, but generally not something to leave on all the time.Like the Tarzan geek playing the Tarzan yell while you slide down ziplinesDefinite recommend, it's a fun, amusing, metroidvania with a lot of references and a rogue-like mode for extra challenge."
76561198105010584,Recommended,463270,23523837,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,PrinceVinc,"This is one of the most entertaining>frustrating games I played in a long time!Really good Visuals for a Platformer and tight Controls.I never really played Metroidvania/Megaman games, but this game is just fun!If you are not convinced just look how it is here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_-zKzNmAtBynphootgJ_D7hPuO4ZEIIaYou could rush the game and be done within 10 Hours I guess, but if you want to get all Weapons and Upgrades it will take about 30Hours and if you want a real Challenge play it in Survival Mode!But this game is very much worth it's Price if you are willing to ""Play"" it!"
,Recommended,463270,23446416,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,BenSilencing,"Based on an early-access stream I decided to pick this game up the day it launched. The ""Metroidvania"" style game isn't usually what I play, but I'm having a blast so far. The tutorial is pretty-well integrated; some have complained about the frequent interruptions for cutscenes/dialogue, but once you're into the first level they're not bad. Personally, I'm enjoying the main characters and the dialogue.So far, I've only played the regular mode (on medium difficulty). The penalties for death are pretty stiff though they don't make you feel like you're starting completely over. The action keeps moving with options to use different mechanics. I'm playing with mouse + keyboard, but I've heard that controller works as well.Support a great game from a great indie studio and buy it, even if it's not on sale!"
,Recommended,463270,23483137,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,episode69,A very good game!  Dialogue is a little bit more serious this time around but still very funnyThe action is more hectic than Unepic and it's a nice change of paceKudos to the developer that makes these wonderful metroidvanias and works his @$$ off and fixes bugs and listens tofan feedback!All we need now is Ghost 2.0 or Unepic 2 :D
76561198021329467,Recommended,463270,23474681,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,realMattDamon,"This is one of the best adventure platformers I've played since Super Metroid(SNES). I can't brag about this well enough without writing pages, and I won't do that...Imagine if Samus Aran could leave her body and possess her enemies; that's this game. I honestly cannot think of a single thing I would add to it. It's a challenging game in an era where every idiot who can manage pong is coddled for their sweet, sweet moneys.The voice acting is teriffic, the skill tree has some very unique abilities (and the standard classics, like double jump), and the items/powerups are spot on.If you like Metroid or Castlevania, you'll love this game.P.S. Don't be discouraged by the first boss; he whips everyone's♥♥♥♥♥the first few times."
76561198062870123,Recommended,463270,23531910,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,EbenKingD,Would be much better if only exponentially bigger.
76561198112709547,Recommended,463270,23647389,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Colonel Bistro,"Not here to post a lengthy review, though I am thoroughly enjoying the game. Just here to provide my support for the dev."
76561197989431815,Recommended,463270,23657145,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,RigenZ,I will not say anything cause ppl already made clear that this game is awesome.Buy it you will not regret it!
76561198032080065,Recommended,463270,23657439,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dave-Grigger,"Fantastick sidscrolling game. Great elemetns like a full skill tree, tons of items and upgrades, tons of weapons and secondary weapons. Great story, well delivered and episodic, with a cool ""last time on ghost 1.0"". Tons of funny pop culture references, very fun challenging gameplay.Amazing for the price, one of the best I have every played, puts most triple A crap to shame. Can't wait for the next one! If you ever liked megaman, robocop, terminatior, side scrolling games, rpg elements, character porgression, and thoughtful system for secrets and exploration, then just get this game. So worth it.First game in forever that I cant wait to replay on hard."
,Recommended,463270,23623680,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,CAUTION-R-WTF-1,"when i first got this game i wasn'texpecting much, i had got it on a wim in the middle of a shopping spree. when i actualy came  around to playing this game i found my expectations to be complettly wrong,  and it wound up being my favorite game from the spree, and one of my favorite games period.as for the game its self, its a Metroidvania (obviously) posseses a great art style, balanced and fun game play, plenty of variation and a excellent story with very good humor.10/10 would heavily recomend"
,Recommended,463270,23620534,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,gamespirator,"In my short time with the game, I can safely say, that I'm really enjoying it!The art style is great, and the characters are voice acted equally as well. The dialogue is very comedic, and you can't help but have a laugh. The game play is also interesting. I obviously haven't sunk a huge amount of time into the title yet, but so far I've been impressed by the mechanics - such as being able to jump into and control other robots.If anyone is interested, you can take a look at some game play over on my YouTube Channelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz1U_CHrCyEI really can't wait to jump back into this fun game!"
,Recommended,463270,23633774,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,gemakie,Ghost's story drags you in and will keep you playing.
,Recommended,463270,23645172,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Agentgerbil,excellent metroidvania type game with a great soundtrack and visuals
76561198003867292,Recommended,463270,23538745,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Ben,"This game was GREAT!!!!  An infusion of fresh ideas into a classic genre of game.Quick Facts:-I took 36 hours to complete, including finding 100% of secrets-I I was able to find ~75% of the secrets on my own, I used a guide for the rest.-While it lacks a bit of the polish that you might see on a higher budget game, it's still a solid experience and it presents some very clever game mechanics that I liked a lot-Plays like a faster, more combat-heavy Super Metroid-Fun and genuinely challenging, but not unbeatable.  About 3 of the game's challenges were tough enough that I had to stop for the evening, and I beat each one fairly quickly when I came back to it.-Manages to have a great sense of humor that can make me laught but doesn't stop me from taking the story seriously.-The way your ammo can refill itself over time lets you feel free to use whichever guns you like best without feeling like you're ""wasting ammo.""-A huge assortment of guns and gadgets to experiment with.Cons:-Voice acting is mediocre; not great, but also not bad enough to really weaken the story-The game can get just a little repetitive, but that's only really if you're ""grinding"" to try and buy all the weapons, which you totally don't have to do.-The keycard and levelup system weren't terribly inspired.For those unfamiliar with the ""metroidvania"" style of game, they usually consist of side scrolling action in an open world, where you will gradually collect various upgrades to your character like a double jump or missile launchers.  These upgrades will not only help you in combat, but also allow you to reach new areas; a double jump might let you reach a previously inaccessible door or a missile launcher might remove a barricade.  Instead of going level by level, you are dropped into a large map and you must explore it yourself.  Searching carefully and finding creative ways to use your various powers will often yield new upgrades and useful treasures."
76561198077861033,Recommended,463270,26728792,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,GodBeardMan,A good fun fast paced metrodvania.
,Recommended,463270,26032239,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Mansur,"I was waiting for a good metroidvania like this one for a long time!A very good game with a LOT of secret stuff to discover.Excellent game. I recommend it!The good: Lots of thing to discover, lots of items, lot of secret stuff (including secret achievments), funny game, interesting story and plays very well with controller. A little hard on the begining.the bad: some upgrades are not needed to finish the game, it just make your life easier (like air dash or double jump)score 8/10"
76561198068707645,Recommended,463270,30451310,Posted: 11 March,all,ing2132,not a bad game. Fairly fun. Feel like it can be made a bit tighter and have a bit better level design. Some puzzles fall into that tough category of annoying when you know the solution but are hampered by platforming or other frustration.
76561197994055784,Recommended,463270,26298440,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,smithec,"Fun game with a good story. Controls took a bit of getting used to, but overall I really enjoyed playing through it."
76561197970975242,Recommended,463270,26301827,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Maverick QC,"This game combines the traditional shoot' em up, platform gameplay with more modern graphics and dynamic lighting whilst injecting some personality into its characters.Gameplay is fun and varied combined with random upgrades throughout the classic gameplay. This helps keep problem solving fluid and quirky.All in all worth the money!"
76561198036376124,Recommended,463270,27554760,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OverLored,"This game won't be a blockbuster, but it's neat, funny and highly polished - and somehow more entertaining than most of the AAA games in my library. Definitely worth a pick!"
,Recommended,463270,26283234,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Somnophobe,"The Good:Tight controlsBalanced weaponsInteresting mechanicsFun gameplayHard but fair combatThe Bad:Mediocre voice actingSome poorly-written scenesThe story definitely shows the indie nature of the team behind it, but don't let that fool you. This is one of the best takes on MetroidVania around. Fantastic combat that mixes elements of Dark Souls, Oddworld, and classic Metroid into a very fun and definitely engaging experience. Ghost learns from her AAA forebears, then fires lazorz through them to collect the delicious energy cubes that spill out. If you enjoy MetroidVania, you'll enjoy Ghost 1.0.Edit: The developer has done lots of post-release patches to add extra content. I already recommended this game, but this is a lovely extra bonus. It's nice when a dev gives extra to their players, and this dev clearly agrees."
76561198085318221,Recommended,463270,23668982,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,getTHISwork,"A suprisingly good game, it almost feels like playing a Metroid game. Definitely worth the price!"
76561198041317922,Recommended,463270,27815240,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Griffon27,"This game is a gem. Can be hard at times, but that adds more fun to it, however don't die too often :)I liked humor, lots of fun moments. If You love cyberpunk & metroidvania, Give it a try.Pros:+humor+challenging+variety of weapon mechanics"
76561198026700243,Recommended,463270,27964071,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,haozertree,"Having enjoyed Unepic I figured that this game is an easy buy.  Well it turned out that the game is a lot better than expected.  The gameplay was good, boss battles are not bad, and the lots of replayabilty.   This is a fantastic year for metrovania style games, and this is among the best."
,Recommended,463270,26693625,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Stammi,"An excellent game that does (nearly) everything right.Pros:- easy and clear controls- great music- nice upgrade system, broad variety of weapons and tools- entertaining story (although a bit forseeable) and humor- levels are challenging but (with one exception) always fair- nice savepoint feature (integrated into story), fair distribution of savepoints- unique bosses with different challengesCons:- there is one level near the end that is extremely annoying, because it has different mechanics than the rest of the game, and forces you to repeat boring stuff all over when you failWithout that level, the game would be perfect. I can't understand why the devs did everything so well in the main game, just to ""break"" it in that sublevel. That level should be either removed from the game or made optional.Apart from that, I can fully recommend it. I'm definitely looking forward to a ""Ghost 2.0""."
76561198112191533,Recommended,463270,26934404,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Everitt,i have finnished the game and i can say that the final battle is hard.i have finished the game in the nearly hardest possible difficulty to it. i played on survival in hard while trying (and succeeding) in getting the achievments caution and masochist. the only way to make it harder is if i whent for the skiils are for noobs achevment. the reason the last battle is so hard is because it's a alarm level. also some one should make what geeks items do guide
76561197961441722,Recommended,463270,28191346,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Destrier,"Metroid meets Anime meets William Gibson as a roguelike with humor and diversity, and a reconfigurable controller and adjustable difficulty level...this is a perfect game."
,Recommended,463270,25404267,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Canns,"One of the best Metroidvania games I've ever played. Tight keyboard controls, nice soundtrack, and a ghost mechanic that lets you leave your body behind as an ethernal being and take over other robots."
,Recommended,463270,27359912,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fraggle,This is a great little metroidvania style game from the guy who made UnEpic.
,Recommended,463270,26719083,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Pharos,"This is a lovingly made cyberpunk-themed metroidvania, well deserving of your time and money."
,Recommended,463270,24956038,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,kambiing,Pros:-A complete game.-Cool story-Easter Eggs.-Actually fun.Cons:-Having a hard time finding my cursor while i am shooting stuff.Not sure if this a pro or con:-Passable voice acting
,Recommended,463270,27628566,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,wildwinds,This is a very fun platformer / 2D shooter with it's own special body swapping mechanic and a story line that is serious but with plenty of moments of humour abound too.
,Recommended,463270,27702767,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LegendaryGeek1,"Great little indie came. Ghost and her handlers not only have a sense of humor but also some amusing sarcastic wit. The game in very entertaining to play. Gameplay is smooth and virtually bug free.  While this game is fun, it is also quite challenging in certain areas. You'll need to think 3 dimentionally to be successful in here!  Well worth checking out!"
,Recommended,463270,28546224,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,MyNicknameIsLongerThanYours,One of the better metroidvanias cross with run-and-gun platforming.The final boss battle is bit too hard and I could really use a v-sync option.
76561197979814248,Recommended,463270,27005965,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mungor,"One of the best, most fun Metroidvania games I've ever played.  The two modes of play and the difficulty give replayability when you've completed the story.  If you enjoy Unepic give this a try.  If you enjoy this, give Unepic a try."
,Recommended,463270,26901304,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,.//к ᴏ s ᴍ,Music 10/10Gameplay 9/10Controls 9/10Very enjoyable metroidvania style type game. If you like axiom verge and unEPIC BUY THIS NOW.
76561197986536631,Recommended,463270,26876414,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr.Disaster,"In a nutshell: it's Ghost in the Shell going Metroid. Lot's of action, lot's of humor, nice story.Yet one of the coolest features are the loading screens: even when you've been away a bit ""Last time on Ghost 1.0"" brings you back up to speed like a good TV show :)"
,Recommended,463270,26326134,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ajan,"1,6 h in: This game is a gem! Just randomly installed it from my library and i am having a blast. I love the characters, and it has this good metroidvania feel over it. I am very curious to see where this goes."
,Recommended,463270,26326558,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FMCyrus,"This game is a LOT of fun. If you liked UnEpic but want a sci-fi experience, go for this game.As of writing this, I have played about 2.6 hours so far, and I'm greatly enjoying the dialogue and story of the game, as well as the tight controls.  The remote operating of other robots via the possession mechanic is pretty creative and makes for a lot of good puzzles.If you want to sit back and enjoy the story and just get through the game as quick as possible, the easier difficulty allows you keep your weapons upon death with basically no consequences except for sending you back to the last save point. If you prefer a harder difficutly (which is what I'm doing my first play-through of the game), death has you lose all your non-starting weapons and drop most of your enemy-dropped upgrades.BUG Report: The only downside to the game I've found so far is a single bug: when starting the game on windowed mode, (using my monitor set to 1600x900 resolution) the game's window is not centered. I have found no way to center the game window to the center of my screen; what I would normally attempt to do would be to click and drag from the very top of the game's window to move it, but the top and left part are displaying offscreen for me. So I just play it on Fullscreen mode instead."
,Recommended,463270,26463801,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Hupsel,"Metroidvania with a pretty good combat system and fluid movement. Level design could maybe be a little better, but overall a good game. Can get a little repetitive, especially later on. 7/10."
76561197995133965,Recommended,463270,24288477,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,onlyspekkio,"It's Great, good gameplay, good story, good acting, a sense of humor.  Doesn't really hit the metroidvania exploration aspect of the genre, but the combat's great.  Played on Medium, Classic and the difficult was just right."
76561197999914689,Recommended,463270,24150592,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Mark Rushow,"Great game, tons of character, loads of unique ideas, leaves you wanting more."
,Recommended,463270,29216292,Posted: 12 January,all,Nekurakodoku,this game rocks that is all I got to say.
76561197995318908,Recommended,463270,28836470,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CC,One of the best metroidvania game i've played.
,Recommended,463270,28757349,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Ryan,"Fun game that's easy to learn.  Systems/items/weapons are interesting and suitable for multiple play styles.  The ever-increasing complexity of enemy swarms force you to adapt and explore other styles.Overall it's really well done.  Voice acting and animated cut-scenes are fresh and witty.  The few side-quest events that take you out of the main story are fun and challenging and add depth to the world/characters.  Game is intelligently designed and everything has a purpose (enemies don't just re-spawn, they are physically repaired before your very eyes!).Big thumbs up, ~15 hours to finish if you speed through it without hunting down all of the secrets or farming cubes."
,Recommended,463270,28729678,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TrueLight00,"I purchased this game originally because i wanted to try something new. I got that, but in a way I didn't expect. This game is pretty short, only a couple of hours of gameplay, but it sucks you in! It reminds me alot of the platformer Metroid games, but different, if that makes sense. I just finished it after playing it all night and I gotta say, the feeling of accomplishment that I got is something that more modern games failed to inspire.If you're a fan of Metroid or the Castlevania series, then give this game a try. If you honestly enjoyed games like Metroid: Fusion and Super Metroid, then Ghost 1.0 is DEFINITELY up your alley.I don't expect a sequel to this game, but I'm definitely keeping an eye on this developer for future games, if Ghost 1.0 and UnEpic are any indication."
76561198289444921,Recommended,463270,28962989,Posted: 2 January,all,Eiberdue,"Fun game. Lots of in game setup mods. Weapon, armor ect. Can be dificult at times. Easy to pickup after not playing for a while."
,Recommended,463270,28966266,Posted: 2 January,all,KnightViper[FT],"Few minutes into the game and I was hooked by the witty dialog. Something about Ghost's (main character) voice is also very appealing. Love that there is a Classic Mode and Survival mode for you choice of play through. Survival is rogue-like style and Classic is all about getting stronger and stronger as the game progresses. The whole game feels very smooth and never ran into any bugs. Would have paid full price, but picked it up on sale."
76561198070988914,Recommended,463270,28950501,Posted: 2 January,all,fede1989,"Just finished the game in classic. this game is really funny, the weapons and items are fun and interesting, if you like 2D plataformers, buy it."
76561198004148871,Recommended,463270,28858155,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Corran,"From the maker of UnEpic comes another funny, Metroid-vania style game with futuristic story.You need the following ingredients to get Ghost 1.0:* Metriod-vania genre* Sci-fi story with robots and guns* Humor* Add extra measure of story* Add a ""previously on..."" vid whenever the player comes back to the game after turning it off* tight game controls* Solid graphics that are a cross between a 16 - 32 bit stylings* And just because you can add all the geeky references to classic Sci-fi movies / games like Storm Troopers and Starcraft without saying it overly to avoid copyright issues and cease and desist notices.* Bake in development for roughly 1 year until you hit the initial price point of $12.99.While various other reviewers harp on the game barely touching on ""deep"" issues like who Ghost is and etc.  This is not one of those reviews.  At the heart of Ghost 1.0 is a story that is pulled from a lot of ""geeky"" things that people who enjoy Sci-fi like to see played with and explored.  The humor in Ghost 1.0 treats these items in a very tongue-in-cheek.  Don't look for a video game story to deeply wrestle with things discussed in 'Blade Runner'.If you want or need this, go take a college level English course that talks about the ""Angel in the Attic"".  If they talk about topic or it is in the syllabus, you know you are in the right place.  A irreverent game is not the place to find this.That being said...Synopsis:Ghost 1.0 is another Metriod-vania game from @unepic_fan aka franfistro.  Franfistro builds on the model established in UnEpic for developing Metriod-vania game with more story and humor mixed with a Sci-fi flavor.Pros:* Great use of the Metroid-vania genre* Good story with great use of humor.  I am still laughing over parts of it.  (And yes, I have finished the game)* The unique use of ""previously on Ghost 1.0..."" vids of recent story to remind you of where you are at.  Such a great touch!* Controls - solid and very responsive* Graphics - perfect for the approach* Well supported by the Dev who is in touch with his community.Cons:* I couldn't even get my X360 controller to work with Ghost 1.0.  I imagine that Franfistro will probably address in a patch.  Still played well on the keyboard.  Default key layout worked well with the game.* (I'm being really picky on this one) There were leftover / unused item slots in the Inventory panels.  This left me with the impression that I was missing items.  I could only confirm I had everything by googling on it."
76561198009812661,Recommended,463270,28817056,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,oops son,love it
76561198006594405,Recommended,463270,28940789,Posted: 2 January,all,markshark18,"Great game and story, even better than Unepic i thought"
,Recommended,463270,28942672,Posted: 2 January,all,Goddamn Sexual Syrannosaurus,"So it's sort of, like, twinstick shooter combat meshed with something akin to Metroid exploration due to the map being all interconnected. But the only thing that stops your progression really are key cards rather than abilities you don't have yet. As such it's probably closer to something like Metroid Fusion in that regard.  The ghost mode mechanic is neat and there are some nice usages of it here and there, though its feels a bit underutilized in the end.The cutscenes and voice acting are a mixed bag. I do like that it's all skippable (or can be fast forwarded) though, even extending to already short things like saving, or teleporting. That's about all I can think of to say of the game really."
76561197988172383,Recommended,463270,28896092,Posted: 1 January,all,Pliskin707,"Nice game. Not as long as unEpic and no coop, so i'd recommend to buy it on sale but still worth your time."
76561198177113353,Recommended,463270,29327355,Posted: 17 January,all,likepie99,I really like the story and looks. I think a second game would be awesome and really fun but not necessary.
76561197978276315,Recommended,463270,29307819,Posted: 16 January,all,Grady,Quite enjoyable. Liked it just as much as their previous game Unepic.
76561197973154066,Recommended,463270,30271342,Posted: 1 March,all,Rahvinox,"this game is amazing, just wish there was more"
76561198050459769,Recommended,463270,31234252,Posted: 19 April,all,yusuketeam,"Once again an excellent game by this developper (check out Unepic if you want another gem). This game really should be played at least once in your life, it's fun, nice scenario, nice caracters, graphics are a-ok, and it's quite a long game if you want to find all the secrets, took me about 40 hours to find every hidden thing, but you could beat the game in 15-20 i suppose. Really fun, cheap, i had more funplaying this one (oh, and don't forget to check unEpic) than some big AAA game.This game has soul in it. Lots of it."
76561198097013182,Recommended,463270,31837804,Posted: 19 May,all,littljoe,"Awesome. Definitely a mouse & keyboard game. If you enjoyed Unepic, this is similar but with guns, tech tree, and ability to possess baddies. Super funny dialogue (even the baddies have dialogue boxes if you don't shoot them right away... It's like reading a short funny comic strip during the game). I really like that you have the option of casual vs. survival/roguelike, and different difficulty levels within each. If you enjoy roguelikes but they stress you out, there is a middle ground in this game. The trailer is pretty accurate in terms of showing you the game mechanics, style, theme, etc."
,Recommended,463270,31850081,Posted: 19 May,all,Shanic,"This is a pretty fun game, it's not to long, but it's pretty fun. The map is pretty big and filled with loads of secrets for you to find. The writing is pretty good and funny while taking itself seriously in the right places. Plus the final boss was an interesting surprise in terms of how it's delt with in terms of mechanics as well as in terms of the plot. All in all, I give this game a solid recommendation."
,Recommended,463270,34874010,Posted: 10 September,all,Merdok,"Lots of bang for your buck, Ghost 1.0 is a throwback side scroller with lots of items, weapons, upgrades, and plenty of exploration.  There's a lot to mix it up, puzzles, key cards, bosses, and alarm modes which throw a horde of enemies at you for a short time testing your will to survive.  A great story with good characters is presented nicely during the course of the game.  The sci-fi theme works great for this kind of game.There is a survivor and a story mode, New game+ mode, and a bunch of extra standalone missions available to play through.If you like metroidvania exploration it's highly worth picking this game up.  There are some challenging parts so be ready.  I used a controller throughout the game and I recommend it if you have that option available."
,Recommended,463270,33652038,Posted: 19 July,all,PurpleNinjaGirl,Some of the play is unintuitive at first but if you stick with it through the intro it starts to pick up speed fast
,Not Recommended,463270,23547165,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Phional,"I loved this game at first, then when I got further into the game, the dialogue was trash and I kept hit a point where there's only one way to go (which by the way is locked) and a little later, I realized that this is basically a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game version of Ghost in The Shell"
,Recommended,463270,34159517,Posted: 10 August,all,-DOOMER-,"This is a very cool Metroid like game, if Super Metroid had a baby with Ghost in the shell.   I'm having a lot of fun going threw it.  There is a lot of voice naration and the characters are all quite charming so far.  This is a quality game.  If Super Metroid was a game you liked, this is one to pick up."
76561198067668974,Recommended,463270,34555514,Posted: 28 August,all,zann1001,"Seriously fun. Great ideas and mechanics, simple and smooth controls, shiploads of lasers, explosives and enemies, and, on top, an exciting story with charming charakters.Oh, and no bugs, glitches, framedrops etc. as far as I could see, and I have just beaten it."
,Recommended,463270,23667642,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Lyb,decent
,Recommended,463270,34981475,Posted: 15 September,all,Sadron,"One of the best cyberpunk games I've played. A lot of it doesn't come off as cyberpunk just from screenshots, but the world as a whole definitely is. The game is definitely a metroidvania style game, though you don't have absolute non-linear freedom like you typically would in a more vanilla experience.The voice acting is rather good, and though the animation isn't super high production it gives character and personality to the cast, and Jacker and Boogan's back and forth banter really help give personality to your team mates as you go through the Nakamura space station, blowing robots up and completing objectives.The selection of weapons is also quite varied and useful, I think one of my absolute favorites was a gun that shot out a drone that spun with 4 lasers on the ends, damaging anything that gets hit by them; if you shoot it into the middle of a large enemy, it could do IMMENSE damage as the hitbox would be large enough for the weapon's 4 lasers to all be inside it, causing rapid damage, it's awesome.Frankly if you love these kinds of games you owe it to yourself to buy it, it's only $13 and you get your money's worth, without a doubt."
76561198025181914,Recommended,463270,35029676,Posted: 17 September,all,Toranaga-1974,"If you like metroidvanias, buy Ghost 1.0!The whole thing is packed into an interesting story. The controls are tight, responsive, and understandable, and best played with a gamepad.The weapons and abilities make sense, and are fun to experiment with.Top notch entertainment all around, and the aesthetic is quite appealing."
76561198004959982,Recommended,463270,35171898,Posted: 23 September,all,HonkLord,Not sure about the mixed reviews on this game.  It is a very solid game with some really good production value for a very reasonable price.  I picked it up on sale and got quite a few hours of actual true entertainment and not just time-sink repetitiveness.  Overall a very solid game for the price tag.
76561197993789100,Recommended,463270,35227987,Posted: 26 September,all,Ogre Paladin,"I finished this game awhile ago, but it's stuck in my memory.  Solid gameplay, good story and fun characters."
76561198050350554,Recommended,463270,31609793,Posted: 7 May,all,8bit'kid',"Did you like Un-epic? Thats the only question you need to ask yourself. If you know UnEpic then by default you know Ghost 1.0. They are both made by the same group with the same corny sense of humor and the gameplay between games play almost exactly the same... given unepic feels like D&D and Ghost has a more cyber twist into it. What? Flavor of the story? There are simple RPG elements in this game and it does LIKE to make you grind more than most care for... If you must have every weapon upgraded to the maxx... Prepair to grind, grind, grind... and Uhnnn... grind... Feel like I'm making sausage here and feel like I'm working here. Not a good thing, games are meant to be relaxing and enjoyed and games that miss that point shouldn't be considered just that... games. Yes, the balance is off a little and you get way too much grinding but this is an enjoyable game just the same. I just don't care to be grinding the same levels again and again cause I want to get a weapon or weapon upgrade. A quarter of the game you spend playing it, the other 3/4 grinding... grinding... grinding... did I save up enough credits yet? Grown... grinding..."
76561198076320783,Recommended,463270,35444039,Posted: 3 October,all,Adrelandro,"lovely game, i'll miss the characters alot.The funny dialog and unique design kept me hooked, the story is good enought and the combat is fun for the most part.There are repetitive parts which nearly got me to ragequit the game and the last boss fight was.....not the best.Bossfights might be a weakpoint of the game in general, tho there are 2 i really liked.In general i liked it, would love to see more from Ghost &Geek, cause ladies first!"
