user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,463350,23838982,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,stardustsunday,"I wanted to like this, butouch, my eyes.30+ minutes into the game, I had to stop, because the graphics were killing me. The backgrounds (mainly ground tiles) are too jarring - as your character walks, they appear to ""vibrate"" (because of the pattern on them), and it hurts because they are too bright & loud. I was actually getting motion sickness because of the perceived vibration.The same goes for everything else - objects, characters, etc. They are just too ""clashing"".I wish the developer had gone for a ""softer"" style.I never managed to make it to the purported nudity. Boohoo."
76561197998177676,Not Recommended,463350,28130154,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Hassat Hunter,"I've played plenty of RPGMaker titles released on steam. Some really good, others completely miserable. This one is neither, but it definitely isn't all that good. That as hardcore completionist I left the side-jobs just to rush the main plot should say enough. Sadly, it didn't really lead to a satisfactory conclusion regardless.So let's sum up why this is one of the ""bad"" RPGMaker games:* Absolutely the worst thing here is the attrocious level design. Narrow ugly unnatural looking mazes. I've never before seen a RPGMaker game with such horrid levels to navigate around and play with. Also the overland map was the most sloppy and amateurish I've seen so far.* Bad combat. 70% of the game exists out of fighting 2 guys who die in 2 hits... with a part of 4. Then the end 20% there's 3 guys that die in 2 hits. Both extremely weak. The other 10% is bosses, which can be stunlocked with ease, making them rather easy hitdumps. Even the final boss. Who for some reason needed to have insta-kill attacks on each hit. So stun or die. Oh joy. Guy has a fairly insane hitpool too.* Some really weird balancing. The wizard character does more damage with the standard attack than any of his spells. Infact, the higher leveled the spell and more mana it takes, the less damage it does. What?* Bad plot and characters. You can see the ""twist"" from a galaxy away, there is no believability for characters (""I'll never join the rebellion!"" ""Please?"" ""Oh, I will join the rebellion, you're so convincing!"". Just way too many forced things ingame to make you scratch  your head. For example the final boss had a big speech about not caring for you and not wanting to fight you etc... and then after the long monologue it goes ""Oh, I'm going to kill you anyway""... HELLO? And that was more rule than exception.* Some slacky polish which stands out like blue/red flags being important then seeing a whole enemy camp in your flag color immediately AFTER the whole color conversion (*sigh*), people standing on chairs, moonwalking mining, bartenders asking you for a drink and not selling anything. Overall, it felt sloppy.But I guess it does have some good things going for it:* Low price* NO random enemies. Thank god. Running past most boring combat was very helpful too.* Generally citizens updated their conversations based on your actions, aside from some exceptions which are probably due to the sloppy execution."
76561198120579228,Not Recommended,463350,32158732,Posted: 3 June,all,Efervescente,"I feel bad for it but I really thinks the game it's not worth. The storyline is poor and has all the possible cliches. Typical argument and way too easy to finish the game if you don't escape every single fight. Too much to fix, has some minor bugs with the images or names of characters but has some major bugs that doesn't help the game. In Haunted Manor you can't see the stairs on the left side which is a big trouble (thanks community for doing a guide). Also my game already crashes when Valeese kills herself with confusion (dunno if it's something passed only to me). The secondary missions are fine but it's a little bit tired to do the same like 15 times. Kill Ice Lord, kill Fire Lord, Kill Earth Lord... And the others guys (Shirne? or something like that).To be positive, it has a good storyline in Hintersol which is not exploded at all.Hope it helps to someone, also to the creators to fix some things into the game and be better on the next time.Sorry for my english, not my native language."
,Not Recommended,463350,25299488,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Azul Lazul,"Eh. Plot is predictable. Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥easy. There's no nudity like promised and the protagonist is a hypocrite with lines such as ""I don't want no more bloodshed."" To ""Ha! I love it when they say that!"" In response to a knight saying he won't surrender and would rather die.Eh all the way through. Again, don't buy unless you want easy achievements and steam cards."
,Not Recommended,463350,30846091,Posted: 30 March,all,Arrowspark,"It alright. It not nuanced or subtle. It tasteless and lukewarm. But it alright.To be more serious, it should not be surprising that only 4.7% of players even made it through the whole game.In spite of the 9.8 hours my Steam shows, I managed to beat the whole game in 5 hours and 41 minutes. The game is obscenely easy, especially when you take into account the Stun attack and 3x Random attack the protagonist gets. Add the low damage/high armor issue enemies have to face, and I found myself never losing a single battle. When your final boss has to stoop to Almighty max damage and instant kill spells in order to harm you, there's something broken about your difficulty.The story was average at best. You take control of a mercenary group that joins a rebellion to overthrow a tyrannical ruler. And that just about does it for the story, since everything else is a cliche and overused trope, with little effort to make things different. The things they do differently are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly out of nowhere, such as a particular scene involving a meeting I won't spoil.The characters are okay. You've got bland heroine with storymode charisma, Batman healer who's aggressive and stupid because his family was killed, generic last survivor, and old guy who drinks and keeps complaining that he's old. If those don't sound like the perfect group to tag along with, then you're gonna have a boring time.Though if you want me to get angry, I've got a few things to say about this company and their deceitful advertising. First thing's first, the blonde chick shown on the advertising image and intro screen? Doesn't appear even once in the game. Second, The genres chosen for this game are Sexual Content, Action, Adventure, Casual, Indie, Racing, RPG, Simulation, Sports, and Strategy. I can tell you now that this game is Casual, an RPG, and possibly Indie, but is none of these other genres. The game has no mature content, amd there are zero Nudity or Sexual scenes in this game. This reeks of deception for profit, and makes me unable to recommend this.Honestly, I don't even remember why I bought this game. I only lost about 50 cents, but I kinda wish I had it back, considering the mediocre experience I got. It alright, but I will probably never play this game again."
76561198046742781,Not Recommended,463350,23914253,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sophie,"Despite the multitude of flaws, I've had more fun with this game than a lot of others I've played, however I almost gave up towards the end because the flaws became so tiring.Let's start with visuals.  The character portraits don't match the sprites on the screen, that goes for all the characters.  The main four characters have larger portraits that don't match the art style of the smaller portraits used for other characters and there is only one picture that is used for all dialogue.  This leads to jarring instances where the character is angry or sad but their profile picture is still grinning.I also found that the game was very loud.  Even setting my headphones as low as they would go I had to go into the settings and lower the audio levels, however this doesn't apply to the title screen.  So when you stop and restart you get blown away by the title screen.I probably would have still recommended the game if it was just the above issues, but it was also very laggy on larger maps (which is most of them) and desperately needed a map for several of the larger area's where it was very easy to get turned around."
76561198132503739,Not Recommended,463350,26294650,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,aquatorrent,"My playtime:06:08:16 (based on in game clock, casual difficulty, before fighting the final boss).Grindy Achievement:No.Optional Achievement:No.Difficult Achievement:No.Developer Response:~24h (on selected threads).IntroStorm Of Spears RPG is a RPG game (duh) made in RPG Maker. Although there is a warning about inappropriate content, the only inappropriate thing in this game is the characters' lack of clothing (which can be seen in the screenshots). The game itself tells the story about a group of mercenaries which are trying to do a rebellion against a kingdom.MusicI'm not sure whether the music is from the default RPG Maker asset, but i do know that some of them are. They are used appropriately, however.GraphicsAgain, i'm not really sure whether they are using default RPG Maker asset, but i do believe that most of them are using the default asset. The character portrait doesn't seem like using a default asset, although that maybe the reason why the character portrait seems to be different from the sprite, especially their height.The mapping looks lazily done; most of them are placed inappropriately, especially the no-wall section in some dungeons, which looks more like a ""pitfall"". Even if there is a wall, the wall is like a few tiles away from the floor. The mapping is also using two tiles for a chair (which is not passable) which makes you have to circle around to go to the place that you want.The battle screen's background is also off; I mean, in most of the backgrounds, the character looks like standing in an obstacle. While i'm at it, there is this odd line where the ""xxx attacks"" message lefts out after each attack.Aside from the mappings, the graphic fits perfectly for low screen resolution. The game can be changed to full screen to make the graphic looks blurred.The UI looks like a default one, although i have to complaint about the quest menu which will close the menu when you are pressing X instead of going to the main menu.Lastly, the text placement seems to be off; sometimes, the sentence ends in the middle of the dialogue box, sometimes, it fits the dialogue box, and sometimes, the sentence looks cropped (due to the dialogue box's length).StoryI think i'll just be blunt with this. I don't understand the prologue at all. You are catching someone out of nowhere which turns out to be a leader of a rebels because you are a group of mercenaries hired by someone. After that, it showed that you are in a troublesome kingdom with an unfit ruler which you plan to overthrow.The MC doesn't look have much resolve at first, although i don't really see any character development on her. She just looks like following the turns of events and somehow made her place at the end. There is also this outstandingly smart little brother which looks like a child to me. The party's background story are explained, although not in detail, and there is also no character development for them except on one side quest.However, the story keeps on focusing on its main mission without being distracted on some other places. The story concludes greatly and all the events are flowing smoothly.The gameThe first thing that i want to address is how my cursor is always staying behind the game and how i can't exit the game by clicking X (close) button in the game window.The game starts after you choose one out of three difficulties, with casual being the easiest, normal, and hard. After that, the game will start until you can control your character. For those who are not used with RPG Maker games, there is a short text tutorial about the controls after that.Although the game has different difficulties, i think that those are scaled weirdly. I only play casual difficulty and while the enemies can be hard to kill (take around 2-3 hits to kill one of them, although there are 3-4 enemies in a battle), the bosses are no different from normal enemies except for a more hp and a more damaging attack (except for the last boss which has a one hit kill skill). I can kill them in a few turns except for two enemies (the last boss and an optional boss, namely the Dark Lord because i fight them in low level at that time).You'll start with a four person party of an attacker, a healer, a buffer (and a strong attacker), and a magic user. However, i have to say that the classes are unbalanced. The MC, being an attacker in the game, is way too strong compared to the magic user. There is this OP skill which slash the enemies thrice which will have a tremendous damage if she got her attack boosted (which is a piece of cake with the buffer's skill). The mage hardly can use any useful magic and can even deal a higher damage by attacking rather than doing a magic skill. There are also skills which will be learned after they reach a particular level. Note that the damage dealing skills can only be learned by the attacker and the mage.The game keeps track of its quest in a log which can be accessed from the main menu. The quest differentiates between side quest and main quest with an icon. However, some of the quest has a wrong icon, while there is one quest which has no icon at all. However, the quest is very simple and easy to follow with the quest log.This game has a few dungeons which is designed perfectly. I do enjoy getting lost in dungeons and this game really helps me fulfill that desire. I'm getting lost several times in the dungeon because of the big map. However, having a big map also means more monster. Luckily, there is no random encounter in the game and the enemy won't respawn unless you leave the area. The only downside is the last town, Ironhorn, which is so big that i keep on getting lost in there.There are some weapon and armor seller in some towns, although you'll get the equipment from somewhere else most of the times. The equipments are also cheap (less than 100g) which make the items look way more expensive.When you are almost finished the game, you'll receive a dragon mount. However, you have to go one tile below the dragon to ride it.Pros:- 3 difficulties to select from- Easy to follow quest log- Greatly designed dungeon- No random encounterCons:- Unbalanced class- Lazily done mappingsConclusionThis is a RPG Maker game about mercenaries which turns to be rebels. There are no inappropriate scenes in this game except the characters' lack of clothing.Should you buy this game?No.I bought this game as a part of JRPG Happiness Love Bundle which contains other games in a cheap price, but seeing that the bundle isn't here anymore, i can't really recommend the game because the game seems to be lazily done.I mean, there are a lot of better free RPG Maker games out there although it's not in steam which obviously doesn't have achievements and trading cards.However, if you just want to play an easy to finish RPG Maker game, you can buy this game. Without the bundle, it's actually pretty cheap when it's on a discount."
,Not Recommended,463350,25683678,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Pahhur,"Bland sums this game up well, the characters are flat, the story is standard, the combat is bland and simple. The only thing going for it is some of the graphics look okay."
,Recommended,463350,23674104,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Arnice,"I have not finished this game but i really enjoy it. At first i was like ""wait so youre gonna make me start without letting me know my background."" As the story progresses though, you learn who you are, your motives, etc, etc. I am totally hooked on this, nice job. If i had to say one thing, i got my moneys worth and this is a really surprising thing. I dont really play rpg games like these, but it was worth trying it out."
,Recommended,463350,23704223,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Aya,"Nice story, nice characters. Girls half naked, I guess it's for the manga side because if there were none, the story would be the same. The story holds the road well. The sub quests are fun. The areas to explore are long. Enough to boost the experience of the characters. Fortunately, you can play in hard mode because the monsters and boss are too easy. The weapons, protections and recovery items are not expensive. That's good, but in the end you end up with too much money that you can not use when you have all bought. I recommend this game (not the useless boobs) for fans of the genre of course!"
,Not Recommended,463350,35228560,Posted: 26 September,all,Hybrid,Just more RPG maker trash. Nothing special.
,Recommended,463350,23646439,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Retrokaiser,"Short but sweet.  Good for RPG newbies, bad for people offended by women in little clothing."
,Recommended,463350,25432665,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Xas,"Graphics is rather poor,often stutters and lags while running through the game.Awkward sound effects.Equiping items to characters is a hassle.Combat is too slow paced,majority of combat time is looking at the toons moving across the screen.Blurred background and the toon's moyion makes me dizzy.Combat is too straightforward easy,mostly just repeatedly clicking first monster and let battle commence is enough.One good point is that the game allows you to see the encounters than randomly occurrance.Not sure to recommend or not.Seems more cons than pros.Playable but there are better choices.Played for the easy perfect game and the 'RPG' tag."
76561198311636099,Recommended,463350,24485973,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Priest of Music,"Very lovely RPG game for those who like this style of RPG's. Good story, nice music, easy turn-based combat. Downside is that it is short, the end coming to quick, even when doing side-quests. A second minor point is the magic of the warlock character : you're better off with physical attacks then using magical spells since the physical attacks do way more damage toward enemies while the minor damage coming from spells is kinda of a joke.There is no nudity in this game at all, so even kids could play this game without having their parents to be worried. In phantasy games, ladies are always lovely dressed but this is miles away from what can be defined as 'nudity'. Certainly in this game. No vulgarities or things that could be classified as adult content.The range of items (equipment, potions, weapons) are ok, considering this is a short RPG game. There are 3 difficulty modes to play 'Storm of Spears'. I played in 'normal' mode but it felt like playing in 'easy' mode so I guess one could even start this game in 'hard' mode without much troubles to finish the game.As player, you cannot create your own characters in this game but receive 4 premade characters. Depending on your taste, this could be either a positive or negative point. I loved the characters because of the good story, their personality and background. An improvement would be if it was possible to give at least names to the characters yourself. The names are also premade.Conclusion: the game is worth its cheap price. Decent in its totality but short, having its bonuses and its cons. But every game, even the very best have their bonuses and cons. No game is perfect in the same way no human is perfect :)"
76561198026920667,Not Recommended,463350,31770264,Posted: 15 May,all,raz334,"Storyline Grade: C+ (would be a B except it's way too predictable)Graphics   : C  (I've seen much better done with RPG maker that went for free)Sound :  C       (Same as above)Game as Described by Steam Tags : FOverall the game isn't bad if all your looking for is another run of the mill RPG with yet another predictable Story, But the misleading Tags being advertised by Steam make me unable to recommend this game, in fact due to being suckered into it, i won't be playing this game anymore."
,Recommended,463350,23629331,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Skitzor,"I gotta say this game is a pretty good RPG game with a really cheap pricetag. It has good character designs. storyline, quests and etc. I especially like how the story made sense and it actually builds up overtime. You can free-roam everywhere in this game and do side quests of you're bored of the main quest or storyline. This game is really easy to play, cheap and addicting! I would really recommend this to my friends and to all of you guys! I rate this game an 8/10."
76561198054317384,Recommended,463350,23707930,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Haeth,"Well, the story itself is good but i really hate de combat. It is very simple:-You need no tactics to beat the monsters, even the bosses. They dont have any elemental resistances or weaknesses, so you just spam the Tiamat skill with Sura  and basic attack with the others. This works for all monsters. 100% challenging game.-I never wiped a single combat, it is nearly impossible to lose, even in hard mode-Final boss, just stupid. Instead of giving him some powerfull AoE or skill, they gave him an instadelete skill to one character. Awfull and pointless. You just need to have 1 character reviving each turn and made the other two dps the boss-The side quest are too easy, they give powerfull items without any effort. I would make the ""elemental lords"" and the ""goliath"" more diffcult so the player can choose if it is worth the effortTalking about economy i can say the gold have near 0 value. You obtain a lot and have no item to buy, they are too cheap. I would raise the price of every item in the game or reduce the gold given by the monsters.It has some progress-blocking bugs, my recomendation is to ALWAYS do the things in the order they appear in the main quest. Not doing that can block your entire game and force you to start from zeroThe good point is that is a good game for killing time and the story is interesting in some way. All characters have an interesting background and their own interest in saving the world.I will recommend this game ONLY by its story"
,Not Recommended,463350,28303310,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,The Archiver,"Very low-mediorce game.Story was okay, but can be completed in 6 is hours not the 10 it claims.Combat would have been fine except that even on casual difficulty your party whiffs (misses or enemy evades) at least 1/4 of the time which protracts battles that should otherwise be over in one round. Turn order is also very random between characters will similiar AGI stats, it makes any sort of tactics/planning useless. The mage's magic doesn't seem to scale up as he levels and is pathetically weak compared to just using his basic attack. Every enemy can be paralyzed and then wailed on with Tiamat Slash, you should do this for every boss.Music was decent but might be stock RPGMakerGraphics were mediocre, even the portraits weren't great and they only had one expression so the MC would be smiling wide during serious or sad scenes. Character art doesn't match the character sprites. Someone thought it a good idea to place white shining pick up item spots on white snow tiles.Levels suffered from extreme sprawl, it was kind of like mazing except you'd walk 5 minutes in one direction (including fights) only to find that was the wrong way. Early on in the game there is a full map screen that is the wrong direction but they turned the entire thing into a mazing area so you'll spend about 1/2 hour there for optional quest things. It'll be hell for anyone with a bad sense of direction too as there aren't a lot of landmarks.A game breaking bug may still exist in the game if you go to the wrong location before you get to a certain point in the main quest though I avoided it.There are some optional quest objectives which can be missed solely because a location connects to the wrong map after a certain point.The title doesn't make sense as no one uses a spear in the game at all, not that the sprite carry weapons anyways.The trading cards refer to a different game and card art work doesn't match the game's art work.If you're buying for Nudity; don't. The only Nudity in the game is the revealing clothing your two female party members wear which is 100% coverage of the naughty bits. In other words no Nudity, just revealing.On the positive side the game only cost about $.50"
,Not Recommended,463350,24041953,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CyanPlaza,"I got this game in a bundle with others for like, $2~ and even then I think I paid a bit much for this game. The sprites don't match the artwork, the character on the title screen doesn't show up anywhere in the game, the plot is cliche to the point it's kinda hilarious, the battle mechanics are stupidly simple, and also broken (even on the hardest difficulty, which is a cool thing to see in an RPG to be fair, you can inflict stop on every boss in the game and cheese the fight), the assets look straight from RPG maker, and it lags. A RPG Maker game lags. I wouldn't have released this on Steam and I'm kinda curious as to how it got here in the first place. The Steam trading cards that drop from this game aren't even of the bland, forgettable characters in this game.I don't mind simple RPG Maker games but this really felt like zero effort was put into it."
,Recommended,463350,24240908,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Zephyrys,"This game is a decidedly mixed bag.  On one hand, the story is very well told.  You can tell a lot of time and effort was put into it.  On the other hand, even for a RPGMaker game, it is technically unimpressive;  Sprites, music and sounds are stock RPGMaker assets, which cheapens the production values considerably.  The hand-drawn art is gorgeous, but all-too-often, it doesn't match the character's sprite it's supposed to represent.  A pretty guy with white hair as a portrait becomes a mustachioed guy with a huge chin as a sprite, for example.  Also, the art for the main characters doesn't change to express emotion, leaving for inappropriate smiling during sad moments.  It's a pity the effort that went into story and art apparently didn't reach the rest of the game.Also, unless this is like your first RPG ever, do NOT play it on normal difficulty.  The game was so easy that the gameplay became rather tedious to get through in order to get to the story.  I'm not sure how well the harder difficulties scale it up, but the normal setting at least shows a decided lack of balance, unless ""Normal"" was a setting that was intended for casual players, in which case it should be named ""Casual"" or ""Easy"".All and all, though... for the couple of bucks it goes for, it might be work a look, if only for its story and art."
,Recommended,463350,29116486,Posted: 8 January,all,Philipgreek,"After overenjoying this game its my time to write a review about it.The story starts with a band of mercenery's that is rebeling against the  bad empire...And this is the concept of gameAlthough i really enjoy the script-scenario i must admit it was kinda ""poor"" , story could be better in many ways but as it seems developer-s were kinda lazy to do it....So i will try to make it short with just pros and consPros:1)intresting scenario2)Huge maps3)Dragon ride YAYYYY !4) nice music5) Very cheap (worth buying)Cons1) Huge maps that are practicaly labyrinths2) Map would be a VERY VERY usefull tool (if only developers had enable it...)3) Few enemys, poor AI (you can pass it with ease.... ok i get it we are mercenerys... paid assasins but come on the Enemy AI pass beside me like i am not exist?!?!?!? )4) The scenario could be better5) few items to equip your characters with6) Title..... dosnt have anything to do with games.....Spears dont even exist as equipable item in game -.-7) Side quest are give you nothing..... even the GOD gives you item with a small status buff -_-8) ending seems ALMOST impossible if you dont go FARMING countless enemys untill your characters are strong enough to face the Last bossAnd If you still wonder... OK great...but if they are so many cons why should i give away my money???!!!For less than 1Euro this game will keep you bussy for at least 6-7 hours ..... For a strange reasson the scenario is both half way ended but also very nice......I dont know why but i REALLY liked as a game.....Sooooooo for its price i think that is worth to give a tryIf you are RPG lover you will defenently like it(PS (and kinda spoilis...)Dont go after Element pillars..... items are mostly useless.... guardians are far betteralso vegence side quest is giving good items :)"
76561198200241835,Not Recommended,463350,33591571,Posted: 16 July,all,Kayiin,"Well I bought it on sale for 50 cents and for some reason my refund request didn't go through. Some cute, seemingly original assets in the character portraits, though they are few and get old fast, and moreover have nothing whatsoever to do with the picture that goes with the title here. It's also an RPG-maker game, which sort of game is always hit or miss and this tends more towards miss IMO."
,Recommended,463350,23668917,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,❂Loaft_King❂,"I enjoyed it for a RPG as I rarely play them. Bought it in the group bundle sale for 80c so what could go wrong?It's a well made game with a good storyline and it'll give you roughly 6 hours of gameplay while your scower every corner of the map. There was one minor bug I encountered where I did a side quest first that made the rest of the storyline appear as a sidequest but otherthan that, sa'll good."
76561197969619144,Recommended,463350,23678986,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,{M.K.P} Yeskezsirumem,"After completeing the game, I enjoyed it for the most part. Story is slow but does explain your character and her party back story. All the side quest seem very easy to complete other than the tear drop collection. Visually and style this is a run of a mill RPG maker, but this game has had some time invested in developing it. When I play these type of games I'm often reminded that RPG maker is limited to what can actually be achived, I feel the price of this game isn't quite worth it, but would be worth it at .99 cents or less,  I had purchased this as a bundle. There are bugs in the game such as being able to walk through certain walls, but none that was game breaking to me.I did read one review where if you complete the haunted manor first before entering hintersol then you can break your main quest and not be able to complete the game, rather this is true or not, I would take that into mind when you reach the area. I still am happy with my purchase the only real thing I wish it had was more side quest."
,Recommended,463350,23694103,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Landlocked_Pirate,"I have only recently returned to PC games and Steam. I've always been a fan of RPG games and I chose to download this one to break myself back in because it reminded me of the classic RPGs I used to play on Nintendo.I have no gripes about this game. It was fun and had a good story. Everything about the game was easy and understandable. I didn't run into any bugs because I read other reviews that talked about bugs that broke the game and avoided repeating their mistakes. Though I could see the linear problems with the haunted mansion. I went there first and only avoided completing it because I was exploring the map not working on an objective.Considering the cost and the amount of time I dedicated and the entertainment I got out of the game I would say that I was satisfied enough to say it was a good game. Nothing amazing, not great, but enough to entertain me for a couple of hours without bogging me down."
,Recommended,463350,23693197,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Dab 4 jesus,Your little brother throws himself into a sword wielded by an enemy that does only 16 damage on hard mode....he deserves it
,Recommended,463350,34445822,Posted: 23 August,all,Sweep,"About Storm Of Spears RPGThe once peaceful world of Galager has become enslaved under the rule of the cruel and unjust Queen. Lead by their leader Sura, a band of mercenaries are the only hope left to save the world. After the death of her brother, Sura became an active part in the rebellion in order to get revenge for her brother's death. As the leader of the rebellion, she's tasked with building an army of anyone willing to risk their life for the good of the kingdom, even prisoners and those whom have never held a weapon.Release Date: 17 Jun, 2016The GameplayGameplay wise, it had it's ups and downs. Overall the need to grind doesn't really exist. You can break bosses by using one spell over and over without taking any damage to the party. Random encoutners do not exist in this game as the mobs just wander around like npcs, so basically you clear an area and then reset and do it again if you want to grind. However, grinding isn't really needed since, agian, you can just break the boss with one spell. There isn't really any in terms of customization, but that was fine. Items aren't something you really need (mostly heal pots). This didn't really bother me as I could just keep going with the game and didn't have to worry about gear.All in AllStorm Of Spears RPGis a really nice Anime Game!9/10 From MeSweep"
,Recommended,463350,26677338,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,mynameismonkey,"RPGMaker preoccupations are a dime per twelve on Steam. The delight the building stage has given attempting redirection makers the ability to make their own Last Dream style RPG with special stories, custom maps, and inventive characters.In any case, as perpetual guitar lessons have demonstrated to me, since I have the mechanical assemblies to make craftsmanship doesn't make me Jimi Hendrix.RPGMaker redirections regularly feel like a comparable way to deal with me, there's two or three great ones, swimming in a sea of unremarkableness. This is the reason I moved toward Storm of Spears with a touch of fear, as to RPGMaker redirections, I look for after the best yet expect the most exceedingly terrible.I was happy to find that, like a chocolate bar in a field of pooch butt chunks, Storm of Spears is shockingly charming and an especially well made beguilement.Since the advantages made open to designers are distinctively limited by what's fused into RPGMaker, the entertainments in light of the stage each one of the tend to have a comparable fundamental feel and look. A top down perspective for travel and a turn based battle system are the standard for RPGMaker entertainments, so it routinely makes the pleasure variable of the delight vivaciously reliant on the producer's ability to make a persuading story, which Whirlwind of Spears has a lot of.Without giving perpetually the preoccupation's craftiness turn, the basic story takes after a female warrior named Sura, pioneer of the famous enlisted trooper hoard ""The Nightswords."" The diversion opens with Sura and her band of contenders daring to the most distant corners of the planet of Gallagher in riddle on account of the lead of an extreme ruler who is starting now endeavoring to crush a resistance. Sura, who at first needs nothing to do with the crown or the instigators, is at last drawn into the fight against the ruler after her kin is butchered by the ruler's warriors. With her kin dead, and nothing left to live for, Sura promises to counter for her kin's passing and see the Sagacious Ruler's kingdom passed on to annihilate.I found the record of Storm of Spears, a strengthening transform on what has transformed into a standard story association of join the fomenters, conquer the area. Whirlwind of Spears reshapes this customary more interesting methods of expression through Sura's character motivation.All through the preoccupation, Sura is outstandingly open about not considering the insubordination, beside as a way to deal with right her reprisal on her kin's killers.It was animating to have an essential character that isn't only a paragon of goodness whose every line and action yells ""I am a tolerable individual, doing extraordinary things!"" Keeping her motivations individual and evidently extremist, makes her a significantly more useful and totally mapped out character. In any case, Sura isn't the principle complex character in the preoccupation, each person from her social occasion has their own specific shocking backstory, giving them their own particular clarifications behind expecting to join the defiance, this even extends to a significant parcel of the delight's criminals who feel that their deceptive deeds serve more vital's advantage. The eccentrics of the character's near and dear stories joined with the beguilement's insightful and unanticipated bend enhance Whirlwind of Spears' story plotted and paced than various AAA titles.The gameplay in Storm of Spears will be conspicuous to any aficionado of out-dated RPG's. The turn based fight structure is all around delineated, with each character having their own particular custom limits that are contrasted enough to make everyone supportive in the preoccupation's battle ranges. The fight is moreover all around balanced, never frustratingly troublesome, also not too basic that any experience can be upset. Storm of Spears furthermore boasts a generous measure of substance, with over 13 hours of gameplay between the essential adventure and side missions. I watched the side missions to be especially dazzling, many give facilitate learning into where there is Gallagher, making it feel like a totally recognized world with its own specific history that existed much sooner than the start of the entertainment. Regardless of the way that these side missions exist openly of the essential adventure, they enough tie into the redirection's guideline account, giving further aiming to the story.I found little to cry about in Storm of Spears, however if I expected to pick something to investigate, I would express that a part of the delight's missions were obscure on definitely where I ought to go. This, merged with the maze like nature of a segment of the preoccupation's extents inferred that I contributed a significant measure of vitality backtracking through particular locales with no idea where to go. In any case, I was never stuck in these domains for enough time to make me have to surrender the redirection, so this criticism is by no means whatsoever, a beguilement breaker.Storm of Spears is an epic, carefully made experience that any devotee of commendable RPG's would appreciate. The enamoring story will direct you into the universe of the beguilement while the overall balanced fight and broad redirection guide will keep you playing until the end. Regardless of the missions being from time to time hard to investigate, Storm of Swords is a beguilement that has something for everybody. Did I say that you ride around on a legendary serpent? No doubt, you get the chance to do that too.(All reviews are recouped from the Internet and channeled through a movement of proportional word devices three times both for preoccupation and to remove extra time. In my religion, this is known as Art(TM), nonetheless you can call it ""Threewording"")"
,Recommended,463350,23721024,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,darien,"A simple RPG Maker game, about six hours to complete with all the sidequests done. For the money, it's pretty fun, but don't expect anything revolutionary; it's mostly stock RPG Maker sprites and tiles and a completely vanilla combat system.The visual design is a bit all over the place; most areas seem to have been created by dragging the brush around to make a random shape, and then decorations are applied very liberally, creating rooms that are largely a jumble of different elements. The dungeon areas are quite large, perhaps a bit overly so, though the lack of random encounters prevents them from seeming agonizing -- all the encounters are visible on the map, and they don't respawn until the player exits to the world map, meaning that searching around the large, confusing dungons for secrets and treasures doesn't take positively hours.The encounters are very easy; most mobs do nothing but attack, and even mobs with other abilities don't do anything threatening. Any given zone will contain only one or two different types of mobs, meaning that the player will have seen everything a zone has to offer in a very short amount of time.  There are many different bosses, but they're also quite easy, and, once Sura learns her ""Tiamat Slash"" attack, they're all dead in two turns anyhow. Except the final boss, that is. This guy has a very large pool of HP, and two different instant death attacks; the fight takes quite a while, and basically devolves into the closest thing to a ""graveyard zerg"" one can have in a game like this.The characters could use a bit of work, and the Warlock Gyorg in particular; he gets a variety of attack spells, all of which are completely useless, since not only do they do less damage than Sura's attacks, they do less damage thanhis ownregular attack.The storyline is absolutely standard JRPG ""fight the evil empire"" stuff, but the writing is mostly decent -- at least, right up until the end, when it develops a very bad case of ellipsisitis, and all the characters lose the ability to form coherent sentences. There also doesn't appear to be any nudity or any sex, contra the listing and the ""adult content"" warning; the two female party members wear revealing outfits, but that's about it. Each character also has only one facial expression -- a big, wide smile -- which seemsveryodd when he's discussing tragic things. The logic of the world can be bizarre sometimes; it's extremely politically correct to the point of having females working in the mines,  but also tromps them about half-naked everywhere. There's also the odd moment where the party jumps off of a mountain peak, only to land, entirely unharmed, on a different continent altogether.Overall,Storm of Spearsisn't great, but it's a few hours of fun. Hard to argue with for the price, even if it doesn't contain anything resembling a storm or a spear."
76561198174771873,Recommended,463350,25096544,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Slaytanica,"Storm of Spears is a 7 hour story-rich jrpg that consists of a very emotionally drawing storyline, and an epic soundtrack (Callum, Bruske) that adds to the intensity of the adventure. I was pleasantly surprised at the complexity of the story, as well as how easy the story progressed. Side quests help to add to the story, but are not necessary to complete the game itself. Grinding levels is not an issue, and is actually minimally required. A very satisfying jrpg, that gets out of its own way, and lets you enjoy the tale being told.Inexpensive, and easy to 100% on.9/10"
,Recommended,463350,26737643,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,AyaK4y,"It was an enjoyable experience for me... even tho this game was too easy and short at some point.There are no randomized fights, not even enemies on the world map. This makes travel a lot faster and I didn't get annoyed on my way. Since I had no problems in fightnig anything (including elite mobs and story bosses) I guess they aren't necessary anyway.Also I never had any problems with finding good items. There are a lot of chests and I always got something useable when fighting an elite or boss.The story wasn't that bad. Do this, do that, save those, get trapped. I won't spoiler anything but there are a few good ideas. There are also some side quests which makes the game seem bigger.Sadly all those big character pictures never change .. I wish they'd show different expressions or moves.Also I have to admit that I've seen better mapping before. I don't know why but sometimes it feels like there was a lack of imagination and creativity.Whatever - it get's a like!"
,Recommended,463350,23696266,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,charby.xu,"Really good indie game with an easy-to-follow quest progression. I thoroughly enjoyed my time playing this game. The plot is good, and the character development is decent. Definitely worth the $1 i paid for it.8/10"
,Recommended,463350,24204921,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Super Drone - Muse ( ͡° ͜ʖ,Valeese 5/5
,Recommended,463350,24127560,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ScytheRK,"Excellent little RPG Maker game. Fully recommend it to anyone who wants something different for a change, a break from the AAA titles. I got right into it, sure the story telling is pretty cliche but they pulled it off quite well. There were very few bugs I ran into, to be expected that there'd be some. Nothing game breaking, most people won't even notice, all the ones I ran into were by accident. (like walking in areas you shouldn't be able to walk in). There was one zone that was really choppy for me (Bruske Mines, the Phantom area). I don't know why, but that was the only zone I had issues with.As far as RPG Maker goes, this one has been the best I've tried so far. I got this as part of a bundle and it's certainly much better than some of the others that came with the bundle.Idk if the developers read these reviews, if they do. I'd like to share some of my thoughts on this game and how it could have been even more enjoyable for me.- I would have liked more playable characters, create your own party from the available hereos, or a job system allowing more styles of combat than just the default- More monster variety, I don't mind a single race of monsters specific to an area (it makes sense that monsters would kill eachother off and only the strongest remain) but if area ""A"" is going to have only Ogres, for example, it could have many different types of Ogres, instead of just Ogre A, Ogre B, Ogre C every fight- I thought the battle animations were a bit long, I didn't notice it at first but towards the end of the game my inner monologue was like ""damn, another fight, cmon already""- I liked the quest tracker system, keep that up, I wouldn't even have minded if it contained less detail and the player had to find areas themselves without the ""head east"" hints- I loved that the zones weren't straight lines, and if you bothered to explore an area you were rewarded with treasure or sidequest. It was always worth your time. Keep that up.- I found the difficulty quite a bit on the easy side, even the optional content wasn't challenging, at the very least a ""JRPG"" game should always have one optional quest thats like ""wtf is with this difficulty!!""- Offensive magic was not worth using, I would really suggest buffing that. My ""mage"" was doing roughly 3x more damage with his auto attacks than his strongest spellMaybe it's just me, but I did not find 10+ hours of gameplay and then another 3+ hours of optional content as advertized. I talked to every NPC, did every side quest (except 1), killed every monster I saw, fully explored every zone in the game, read all the dialogue and as you can see, my total game time is just shy of 6 hours. Now I don't care that it's only 6 hours in total, it was a good 6 hours spent, don't get me wrong. I know I tend to do things quicker than others but I find it hard to believe that the average person would take twice as long to do everything the game has to offer.All that aside, I had fun, and that's what it's about. Thank you for your time and effort into making this game. I will be following you and looking forward to your future games."
,Recommended,463350,24209471,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ShoichiRyuu,I didn't expect I would enjoy this game a lot.10/10 would rebel again
,Recommended,463350,24370606,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Saoshyant,"All in all, for an RPG Maker game, while it is in no way a standout title, I found it quite entertaining, with a story that reminded me of the Suikoden franchise.  I started playing, and continued to do so until I realized I beat the game in around 5-6 hours, which of late is an impressive feat as my attention hasn't been that easy for a game to keep.  The story is decent, with some good plot points, but not much to the story as the total playtime would imply.  The art for the main characters is well drawn, although I did feel a little curious at the random blonde on the title screen that had nothing to do with the story whatsoever.  Fight mechanics are simple enough, with no random encounters, so any fighting done involves running into various mobs on the map.  I did find it disappointing that magical attacking never did the damage my mage could do with simple melee, which made the character feel kind of pointless.  I found the music to be somewhat forgettable, so I opted to listen to my own music as there was no need to hear the game.For the most part, the game felt like a decent attempt at creating a short RPG with some quality from the SNES era, and did so well.  For it's normal $2 price, I'd recommended it without reservation, and even then with Steam's bundle discounts it can easily be bought for quite a bit less."
76561198065899864,Recommended,463350,24429222,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Petermurzin,"Nice little fantasy game about a crazy world and possibility to change it. There are some bugs but the developer is working on them so I hope that they would be fixed some day, anyway they are not critical at all and you can finish that game especcially at the easy level like I did... I still dont get it, why it has tags with nudity I can assure you that there is no nudity here so you can play it  and enjoy it as well."
,Recommended,463350,29330880,Posted: 17 January,all,Shrodu,"So...the store labels this asStorm of Spears RPG, but the library labels it asStorm of Spears...so, a little awkward to call this one by name.Storm of Spears RPGis a beginner-level RPG with very little fan service (as seen from two characters (Sura and Valeese) you've seen in the trailer) and focuses more on story and labyrinthine areas without maps, so having some decent maze-treking skills helps out here.  The story is an average mercenary rebellion story that is similar to the vibe fromFire Emblem: Path of Radiance, but with a few typos and some unresolved story points.  The story also feels like it ends far too suddenly.As a few reviewers have said, the title is misleading as there are no spears in this game, the girl in the banner (and title screen) does not appear in the game, and many of the items are pretty much useless inventory filler that you will never touch.Now, I did enjoy the aesthetic the developer was going for and I enjoy the story that went with it, though the game did feel a bit too easy for my tastes.  This game can be easily compared toThe Chosen RPG, which I would honestly prefer overStorm of Spears RPG, which has more fan service, a better battle system, and more likeable characters.I'm a slow reader, so this took me about 7.5 hours to complete (all side-quests and reading all dialogue).  For the price that I paid (Sale price of $0.50), I can't complain much.  Though I wouldn't say this is worth asking price.  But this isn't a ""bad game"".  It's simply anRPGMakertitle in need of polish.6/10  Not bad, but could be better.  At least it's another RPG that sells using fan-service.  (Your eyes won't be bored as you play)"
76561198058759699,Recommended,463350,25582231,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Oddysen,"Well designed game and a good story. I felt all ascpects were well designed, or well, almost all. Becuase while lore, rewards, plot, pacing and pretty much everythig else was well made and well delived, there were three issues:First one is just a minor but annoying thing; when you click the hotkey for closing the game. The game closes. No warning, no autosave, nothing.Second one is that the sprites did not match the detailed art very well, the most jarring exaple beeing a skinny blue eyed kid with the sprite of a brown eyed chubby man. This is probably even more minor for most people, but i found it mildly imersion breaking, and thus worse in my book than a mere interface issue like the first problem.Third one would in many other cases have been dealbreaking. The combat and stat/equipment system was boring. Each new peice of main equipment was a linear upgrade to the previous one, the player party was internally inbalanced, the battles seemed impossible to not win without activly trying to lose, and some stats/items felt outright superfluous and impotent... With that said, I did enjoy the battles at times.All in all a good game, and as long as you don't expect too much from the combat system, you'll have nice time, and might be pleasantly surpriced at times. It's not a top tier game, but I think most top tier games could learn much from its example non the less."
,Not Recommended,463350,25305816,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,算法好难,"A short and predictable plot.If you aren't a jrpg newbie,you can guess what follows at the beginning of the story.Combat is very easy even you choose the hard mode,So it's a good choice if you want easy achievements without grinding levels.DON'T BUY IT for the purported nudity.6/10."
,Not Recommended,463350,23909320,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,ZipZapZoe,"I wanted to finish the game but I just can't get myself to.The game is boring with its stupid story line and cliche plot.Quests are so annoying, you have to explore the whole area to know what you're supposed to do or where you're supposed to go.I managed to play through quite a bit simply out of curiosity, until I'm stuck in this place called 'Phantom Vein'. The place isn't that big, I know that if I keep walking around long enough I'll eventually clear the place.The problem is that I lag so bad in there. It's fine in other maps but whenever I'm in there the fps is so bad that it gives me headache just walking around. After enduring for like 10 mins I just had to give up and come write this review. I wanted to try to play a little further, see where the story goes but this place just ruined it for me.Just don't get the game, save yourself sometime."
,Not Recommended,463350,29097787,Posted: 7 January,all,Critical Failure,"There is no storm of spears in this game, nor does the character on the banner art and title screen appear in the game  anywhere.Completed in 4.5 hours."
,Not Recommended,463350,24546013,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Nightingale,"Not really an epic tale, it's pretty generic for it's kind o' fantasy. The quest is boring, twists are evident, the lore is vague, motivations are not really exists, characters are shallow, and if you know the drill around JRPGs/RPG Maker games, it can be beaten in 7 hours (my playtime has a +2.3 hours of idling)."
,Not Recommended,463350,35266385,Posted: 28 September,all,Syu-Syu,Very default sound effects and lures players in with graphical assets that does nothing to keep the game entertaining.I think the way the game is visually designed is a bit too much on the eyes and is always hard to grasp. Is this game worth 1.99? Possibly. Is it worth my time? Certaintly not. But nice try either way.
,Recommended,463350,23711081,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,lightningbrick,i can only move to the left... 10/10 would play for 2 mins again
,Recommended,463350,24289842,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Tripplee7,"This is a nice quick game you can run through with hardly any grinding. A bit short but can be extra length due to the few side quest. Its the rpg with out the p, no need to vist teh shops or really buy anthing. Complete the story and coast through. 1 strategy will never fail you the entire game. Some intresting lore tho not in depth.Pros:Nice storyRelaxing adventureConsYawn easy, not for the hardcoreOcassional bugsPredictable storyMinimal character custimzation."
,Recommended,463350,24237321,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,wwpatterson,"An enjoyable RPG, well worth the asking price of $1.99. I feel it's worth more, but actually received it in a bundle for 36 cents! Battles are fairly easy... so far I haven't been defeated, even that time when the rest of my party was paralyzed by the enemy. Sometimes I feel guilty looting chests, for some are found in the homes of allies and civilians."
76561198004471023,Recommended,463350,23767771,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Karmic Fallout,"Basic RPGMaker offering. I actually bought the game not knowing it was an RPGMaker game. I largely stay clear of them however, I have always been a fervent classic RPG fan. The glory days I recall so fondly. Oddly enough, this game rekindled that spark. I feel though, that that rekindling is less about the merits of the game and more about the general aesthetic of these kinds of game.The graphics are what you see. Sprites are reused. Some attention to detail is seen in many of the zones, but, as the game presses onward narratively, you can see a distinct decline in creative attentions.The story is what I believe the creator was  going after. They clearly had interest in the lore and characters. It does come off as general anime inspired drek though.Very little inspiration is seen in the combat.It is not aweful, and for the tens of cents I paid for it, you could do a whole lot worse. Still, I want to give it credit for bringing me back to the genre."
76561198063891714,Recommended,463350,23834855,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Blake Narrow,"For the price of admission when you buy in a bundle, it's a good way to waste your time on. But that doesn't mean its a good game. An uninspired story, bland graphics, boring and unbalanced combat system, missing and unneccissary walls all kinda blend into a ""meh"" expereince. Take into account that the cards you get have completly different art to the main game, and it feels like the ""anime girl with boobs"" portraits was tacked on to generate sales. And sadly, when you bundle it with tons of other games, it works. The game is worth what spare change you could find on the sidewalk, and thankfully that's the price. Otherwise I wouldn't be giving it a recommendation. If you got some coins under the sofa cushions, feel free to buy the game (and possbily a few drinks)."
76561197997430481,Recommended,463350,24356505,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,ｍｅｍｅｄｅａｌｅｒ,very nice indie JRPG
,Recommended,463350,24336738,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Hobby_goat17,"what Nudity -> I am pretty sure everyone was fully clothed. Unless there was nude mage I was not fully aware of this. To me the game had lot Mechs and fighting and seemed grinding was essential, story eh not that I seen better just there were mounting dragon bugs you had to place dragon in special way to mount mr. dragon again.Music not bad it doesn't get annoying like most RPGs.Story it could continued on.Most rebellions they continue the process kill previous leader and place the next heir to throne.couldn't the have free play mode?"
,Recommended,463350,24488952,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sailor12052,"This is an awesome RPG; like the SNES games. This time I got everything in the game done , but 1 Frozen Tear out of 15. I recommend this game to an & all RPG lovers out there. This game is more than I paid for it. I can wait to play it again."
,Recommended,463350,26489430,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Captain,"+ In spite of its short coming, a lot of love went into it.- Almost no point to money in the game.- Great variety of items though most equipment is pointless.- Item you have 1 chance to grab.- Can go out of bounds, even over empty space."
76561198069159152,Recommended,463350,30724030,Posted: 25 March,all,wrb41977,"Bought this on discount, which might be usual. Thing is, it is a fun little game, with a story that makes sense, and quests that make you feel like you are accomplishing something. Might not be to everyone's expectations, but for me it was fine."
76561198277770713,Recommended,463350,34356934,Posted: 19 August,all,daysovertwo,"bought it in an rpg bundle, took me about 11 hours to 100% it, I enjoyed it, pretty relaxing, I really liked the music. a good game if you want something for a couple of days, but not a long term investment (it wont take 20+ hours)some small mistakes in graphics, but the kind that are funny to find, like a tree growing on someones house, or standing somewhere that you arent supposed to be.there is no sexual content, unless you count the armour, however the girls aren't the only ones, one male character has his stomach and abs completely exposed-female party members are strong fighters while the males are the magic users, a refreshing break from the typical girls are mages rpgs-while there was some predictability there were still some surprises that completely caught me off guard"
,Recommended,463350,34067446,Posted: 6 August,all,MrDowntempo,"First off, this game is oddly labled with sexual content and nudity tags. But there isn't anything that would qualify as either. The women do wear ridiculously ineffective video game armor, but that's it. So if that was what you were looking for, go elsewhere, and if you were worried you'd be jumping into an eroge game, don't worry.That aside, This game is pretty okay. The story is rather generic and the combat is old school, but there's nothing wrong with that. There's a few things to nitpick about, some levels have bridges you can't walk under, some of the portraits don't look much like the sprites, advancement is easy, you get flush with gold quickly and while there's a fair amount of equipment, there aren't a lot of difficult choices to make when outfitting your gear. More variety in that department, and in spell selection would've gone a long way.But for the price they're asking, you get a solid old school generic RPG with hours of gameplay. That's hard to complain about. And if that is what you're looking for, I can recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,463350,34338697,Posted: 18 August,all,Methrael,"Not a bad story, includes a couple plot twists.  Not huge or sprawling when it comes to content, nor are the characters terribly engaging.  But if you're interested to see what other RPG Makers have done for their projects, give it a shot."
,Recommended,463350,32097089,Posted: 31 May,all,Queen Vakarian,"I beat this game a few months and purchased it during a bundled JRPG sale.Honestly, this game is pretty fun for being about 7ish hours (that was my play time at getting everything to 100% with some small grinding invovled). The story is simple, but enjoyable.Gameplay wise, it had it's ups and downs. Overall the need to grind doesn't really exist. You can break bosses by using one spell over and over without taking any damage to the party. Random encoutners do not exist in this game as the mobs just wander around like npcs, so basically you clear an area and then reset and do it again if you want to grind. However, grinding isn't really needed since, agian, you can just break the boss with one spell. There isn't really any in terms of customization, but that was fine. Items aren't something you really need (mostly heal pots). This didn't really bother me as I could just keep going with the game and didn't have to worry about gear.Characters were a let down. Things start off like you're going to learn a lot about them, but then ends up flopping right on you. So that was kind of meh. The main character is fleshed out abit, but overall character development wasn't really there.World. Meh. It's small, easily traveled. There isn't much to the world at all and that was lame. But for a short game that you can do in one sitting no issues, I guess it works.Story. Again simple. Nothing complex and there were a few turns that I didn't seem coming which was a nice relief due to all things mentioned above.Overall the game was fun and I don't regret playing. I'd like to do a Let's Play on this game as it's short. A lot more could have been done with the game, but I don't know much about the developer to say why or why not it was done as it was. Hopefully at somepoint they can expand upon the world / characters more in a sequel or something. Again, no regrets and recommended if you're looking for something to pass the time (great for in between LoL ques or something of the like)."
76561198391793932,Recommended,463350,32098652,Posted: 31 May,all,philip.johnson,"This was a pretty decent RPG. It had nice mapping and a fairly balanced battle system.Still, it didn't ""Wow!"" me. I'd give it 6.5/10."
,Recommended,463350,29561556,Posted: 29 January,all,Sigh,"I finished the whole game, including all the possible quests. I found it very nice and charming, even though I might not be too familiar with Indie games since I haven't played them in a very long time. For the price I have paid, I think it is well worth it, however just like any other game, it isn't perfect.Pros:You may choose to fight or evade ""small fights"" using strategyYou can beat the bosses with the level you gradually become (so no grinding is needed)Plenty of dialogue and side characters (Though they seem to have given up near the end of the game XD)Unlimited inventoryCons:Some side quests are really hidden, I had to turn to a guide for two of themThe music can tear your ears apart, set your device's volume at 50% before opening the gameIt might be too cliche of a plot for someThere is no ""Map"" you can look at, which sometimes makes it very complicated to ""geometry"" yourself aroundHard mode is not 'hard'Need more slots for equipmentAreas that one is not expected to visit/revisit glitch outWill lag if you have many background applications openedThere are many who have speedrun through the whole game in whithin 5 hours or so, and of course they are not satisfied, they didn't explore their characters enough. I played it slowly over a course of two weeks, doing serveral side quests, fighting most of the monsters I've come across. Yes, even though I was playing on Hard mode I found it very easy. But then again, it might be because of how I played the game, which would vary depending on the player.Lastly, I would rate the game:Overall enjoyment 8/10Characters: 7/10Plot: 6/10Music: 6/10Length: 7/10Amount of sidequests: 9/10Pleased with the items: 5/10I'd rate it a GOOD roller coaster ride. ^^"
76561197986422720,Recommended,463350,23812885,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,I2O,"I Enjoyed the game well enough.  I thought that the story was nice and well thought out.  Although some of the characters are not heavily dressed as you can see in the screenshots, there was not any nudity unless I missed it.  Not that I think nudity would have made the game any better or worse as far as the enjoyment I got from it goes."
76561197963164050,Recommended,463350,31139825,Posted: 14 April,all,NighT WolF,"Story is really good, but gameplay during the fights and character skills would have needed a LOT more work. Every fight is basically pressing Z until it's over (at least on normal difficulty). I've never used an item during a fight and barely used magic. Healing magic can be useful, every other spell is just garbage. Main character becomes OP as hell over time and the other 3 are basically just sandbags and supporter to keep her alive.But the good story compensates it all. Except for the lame fights and dozens of useless skills, i enjoyed this game a lot."
,Not Recommended,463350,25272430,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,V3LI,"This game crashes after five minutes of playing because of ""Script 'Achievements' line 48: Errno:EINVAL occured."" I tried to play it again and it crashes at the same part of the game it crashed before (after defeating the first enemy). I tried to look for a solution to this problem from the internet but I didn't find one. However, I did find out that apparently many people too have the same problem and many people also have a lot of other similar problems with the game.I would not recommend this game because, based on my experience of the game, when you buy it, it is like playing russian roulette: You spend your money on it and it either works or it doesn't work and you just wasted your money and time. It shouldn't be like that. As AVGN said, the most important aspect of every game is to be able to ♥♥♥♥ing play it.What a broken game."
76561198117124319,Not Recommended,463350,34564601,Posted: 28 August,all,Fera ~ Sugar Beast,"Storm of Pointy Sticks RPGI found no nudity, except for the skin not covered by the highly ineffective battle armors;""I didn't even know it was tagged mature & nudity.""""You're lying""""Who Said that O.O?""""You're busted Fera""Joke aside, I got it in a bundle.The once peaceful world of Galager has become enslaved under the rule of the cruel and unjust Queen.Sura, the main character, leads a band of mercenaries in order to save the world.An unoriginal story but good RPG-maker game.Sura's Thumb UpFirst you need to be convinced to rebel against the evil queen, then you need to gather an army, and then you need to win. - Seems unorginal, however the story has a few pleasant plot-twists.I enjoyed not having to grind a million enemies to level and gear up for once.The enemies run around like NPC's so you can avoid boring combat.Cheap price, even gets on sale.11 hours playtime for me, which is long for such a small RPG-maker game at this price.Lots of sidequests, if you want to spend more time.Evil Queen's Thumb DownThe characters are flat. You get to know Sura a bit, especially through her relationship with the brother, however the other characters are forgetable and you never get to know them well - with little to no character development.I liked not grinding, however the battlesystem is wierd.Mages base attack does more damage than their spells, topping it up with little elemental advantage. Basicly you only heal and stun-lock enemies.Meaning the game can be beaten really easily.I don't remember if there was a minimap or not; I think I got lost a few times.The music is boring and monotone, but mute it and watch some anime in windowed mode, or porn if you went for the adult/nudity tag and got disappointed.Closing CommentsIf you like RPG-maker games, this game features all the standard mechanics, a standard storyline and the mandatory sidekicks with opposite personality traits.However it lacks the depth in combat system, especially in the magic area.Also the equipment choices seemed pointless.I'd give this a just below middle grade - it all depends on how much you like RPG's; because this one is mostly standard. (we'll call it classic)"
,Recommended,463350,33464262,Posted: 11 July,all,PanzernKern,"Storm of Spears is an epic, carefully made experience that any devotee of good RPG's would appreciate. The enamoring story will direct you into the universe while the overall balanced fights will keep you playing until the end. Regardless of the missions being from time to time hard to investigate, Storm of Spears is a game that has something for everybody. Did I say that you ride around on a legendary serpent? No doubt, you get the chance to do that too."
76561198030784015,Not Recommended,463350,34878892,Posted: 11 September,all,Obey the Fist!,Doesn't even have fullscreen.  RPGMaker strikes again.
,Not Recommended,463350,24454034,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Solitaire,"Storm Of Spears is a RPGMaker created role-playing game with a very misleading title. There are other aspects of this game that may be misleading to players.To start, the game's performance is below standards to play. Regardless of your system, the game will most likely stay at below 30FPS.  The game also runs an outdated version of RPGMaker (VXAce) instead of its current sucessor (MV). From the looks of it, SoS went through little time in development, so a simple switch to a better game creator version would have seriously improved its asthetics, performance and even resolution.The design and visuals is simply inconsistent. The main character, Sura, has 3 different depictions of her; bust image, ingame sprite and trading card artwork. All 3 are very unrecognizable from each other. Also, the false and unrealistic breast sizes. This game has a ""Nudity"" tag and after completing the whole game, I recieved not a nipple. Nothing more than a clickbait tag. The story is decent, but mostly textbook. Also, there are many plot twists, expected and unexpected. A common trend to keep the story somewhat interesting. The battle system is stock. You have your 4 by the book retro RPG character lineup (Attacker, Stat Changer, White Magic, Black Magic). The sidequests are meaningless and the achievements are so simple to get. Just ""play"" through the main game.Overall, Storm of Spears NEEDS a huge overhaul. Program update, custom asthetics, consistent character portraits and sprites, better story telling, alternate battle system beyond the stock, sidequests with high risk; high reward, and a name change.Rating: 4.5/10"
76561198304972732,Recommended,463350,23853591,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Yuuki Asuna,Good
,Recommended,463350,24598993,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ekima,"I actually found this game surprisingly nice, considering the slightly bland maps and lack of customized graphics. The story flowed nicely, and the characters mostly seemed to have some thought behind them. It's a cheap game, and for a few hours entertainment it's decent.It's not a masterpiece - but it kept me entertained from start to finish."
76561198258599142,Recommended,463350,23912638,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,c1gabsab,"Not bad for the price, staying within the old skool type of RPG. A bit linear in terms of the monster encounters, up to now i can get through fights by constantly hitting the attack option. A decent dialogue up to now and talking to everyone is key cause it allows for extra sidequests. Not too complicated up to now, then again i've ony been playing for a couple of hours. Again nothing to lose, 5 game bundle under 1$."
76561198229799828,Recommended,463350,29147377,Posted: 9 January,all,13«AzazeL»37,this game is awesome you need to try it and its very cheep
,Recommended,463350,29083343,Posted: 7 January,all,[ZDG] Asix Seleven,Great Story!
76561198096579230,Recommended,463350,29076798,Posted: 6 January,all,PyroPaladinRanko,"Short and Sweet. Good game if your a fan of RPGs, Great game if you want to try an RPG. Only complaint is the combat was kind of easy, even on hard mode; and the wizard's spells never felt worth it to cast. Otherwise loved the game and would gladly recomend. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,463350,24098379,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ten24-Khale K'itha,"Game crashes for several users during the intro area and the dev has made no attempt to fix it despite it being reported since the game released.(http://puu.sh/pwUVf/46fc8110e0.png)Unable to play past two minutes, but what I did see was uninspired RPGMaker gameplay that could have been from any random game, and the inability to determine which character on the screen was actually talking due to the art assets being so different from playable character to conversation avatar.  The music was also EXTREMELY loud, and the artwork on the title page has got a distorted aspect ratio, making the character that appears on it look very odd."
76561197969683432,Recommended,463350,33588166,Posted: 16 July,all,yidaki53,"Pros: Short, good amount of side-quests, good amount of achievements, well-made graphics.Cons: Unoriginal and repetitive music, inconsistent character designs, no character development, offensive magic is useless, elemental attributes on weapons are also useless, some of the dialogue requires walking back and forth between rooms.In short, a typical RPG-maker game."
76561198121078567,Not Recommended,463350,30825657,Posted: 29 March,all,Genesis | Farmskins.com,"The character portraits don't match the sprites on the screen, that goes for all the characters. which annoyed the living ♥♥♥♥ out of me also the graphics where not the best and bother my eyes i stopped after about 10-20 mins I cant"
76561198298614544,Not Recommended,463350,26188320,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,pandabiscuit12,Too much cleavage not enough raining deadly weaponry.
,Recommended,463350,31473866,Posted: 30 April,all,2steppin,"You can prob get 3 hrs out of this, which is definitely worth the money."
,Not Recommended,463350,24135479,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ted,omg.. the overall quality..
,Recommended,463350,24093712,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,🎮𝒜𝓁𝓊𝓀𝒶𝓇𝒹,"I don't know whats wrong with these HATERS saying that the story line is terible and stuff,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥brain damaged, stearing in boobs instead of reading -.-I realy enjoy this game, the story line is OK but the side storys are just AWESOME I swear to God I am haveing so much stuff doing the side quests, they are probably even more fun then the actual main story, lots of emotion, and laughterNo annoying music, and not as much hentai (I rly did expect LOT LOT more pervertnes xD)The random encounters ARE EASY AS FK, no need to waste time, or grind for lvl or strenght, and if ur just lazy, u can EASILY PASS the random encounters which makes me love this game alotThe fights arent that hard, they are actualy easy if u ask me, the game is more focused on the story then on the difficulty which is positiveI rly rly rly like this game and put it above moste ♥♥♥♥♥♥ black♥♥♥♥♥boy boy black games there areI rate this game Storm of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥9 / 10 (not enough hentai x_x)"
76561197993780180,Recommended,463350,23995288,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,rpgarcher,"I enjoyed the story, but the combat was a bit lacking.  I never really felt challenged by a fight, and the depth was mostly ""buff the fighter, use the best attacking move"""
76561198004264406,Recommended,463350,28809746,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,[KOP] DeepPurpleRain,"Decent rpg with alot of gameplay and things to do. I don't like the bgm, and the dialouge leaves something to be desired. that being said I had fun once I turned off the bgm and put a rock playlist on."
,Recommended,463350,23922743,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,(팔) BOOM,"Good game! The Combat feels confortable but a little easy and the story is well paced. One thing they should add is support for 1080p, this also goes for any other JRPG/RPG that doesn't support a 16:9 resolution!Overall this is a must buy if you are into JRPG's and want to try out a new story, I can't guarantee that you will ""fall in love"" with any of the characters but I guarantee you will have fun playing this game!p.s. I kept this review VERY SHORT as there is not much to say about the game and there is no need for a long and in depth review."
,Recommended,463350,28610524,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Galaxy,For this price lots of amusement great story check it out.
76561198250573562,Recommended,463350,33253096,Posted: 4 July,all,Jayvees678,"I complete this game for 8 hours and I'm writing a review.This game is easy except on the final boss which has the absolutely an arduous battle.About the four characters joined together as a group because they lost their families.Sura has a only brother Lucas who lost her parents, Erydan loses his wife and daughter, Valessa is the only one person whol live as the Aerfyr race, and Gvorg's wealth was stolen from the bad guys in the story.So their goal is to liberate the kingdom of Ironhorn from the Queen back to its peace. So that is my quick review about this game and yet I play this game for least 8 hours I complete all of Golaths, and Elemental Lords but except for the God. So if you play this game I recommend you to play it... it was fun however the storyline is serious."
76561198324868314,Recommended,463350,25023183,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Myghtus,Great story
,Recommended,463350,29451753,Posted: 23 January,all,Nomadic Bush Baby,"This is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, i absoultly hate it. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing cancer and every second of the game is time shaved off my precious life 0/10 i would reccoment this to everybody"
76561198142343663,Recommended,463350,29161512,Posted: 10 January,all,Đặng Hưng,Very Good! I like this game
,Not Recommended,463350,23899075,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Dilldude,one of the most disgusting cookie cutter RPGs you can find.
,Not Recommended,463350,23701401,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,kornelwick,"Failed to start the game from Steam. Had to launch it manually by clicking the game executable. That means no achievements! I though i bought this game, not pirating it."
76561198318964928,Recommended,463350,31436474,Posted: 29 April,all,那哈莽行咒,Nice plot designment.& BGM's not bad.
,Recommended,463350,23858624,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,LANdroid7,*nice character ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*interesting storyline*epic turn-based combat system9.5/10you can play this with one hand..
,Recommended,463350,24144641,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ratea xDark,Card SimulatorBuy it in SaleRun in BackgroundTake the CardsSell the Cardswin win Situation
76561198115134082,Not Recommended,463350,30710275,Posted: 24 March,all,Austrian Leninist,Bought it for boobs until I noticed it's just another RPG-maker game that somehow got greenlighted.Only running the game so I can get back at least some of my money through the  trading cards.
,Recommended,463350,28171653,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Nick Valentine 🌟,"Uh,Anime."
76561198213843708,Recommended,463350,30625929,Posted: 19 March,all,kingcoin,GOOD GAME ALOT QUEST!THIS GAME YOU NEED TAKE CARE AND NOT BELIVE IN to evil so fasti offer this gamegood game good quest nice story!!(:8+i wait for try torm Of Spears  2mabye its be beter quest or story!!
76561198136970901,Recommended,463350,23945003,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Lima,nice
,Recommended,463350,27797536,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Shou♥,Nc game i like it so far :D
76561198271435596,Recommended,463350,25485041,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,bananaoverninja,this is one of my favorite rpgs how there on steam i would 100% recommend this for if u are new to the genre good story a little short tho but would get it when on sale
76561198122878553,Not Recommended,463350,24862257,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Karl Pilkington,Boring as balls.
,Not Recommended,463350,29307992,Posted: 16 January,all,Sentry,"This game has two problems, Bad graphics and a broken saving system.I had to play the game from the start 10 times and with my display the graphics look horrible.nuff said"
,Recommended,463350,26825899,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yung Sheldon,im just writing this for the namination tasks
,Recommended,463350,29970211,Posted: 16 February,all,Cozmin,How you play this ?
76561198040808162,Recommended,463350,25242498,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Zetsuki,"Clicked the store page, thought I read, ""Save the Cheerleader, Save The World.""Purchased.10/10 would be a hero again."
,Recommended,463350,23876864,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,XNyst,Good Game
,Not Recommended,463350,33708769,Posted: 21 July,all,〓 iZnoGouD,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrVPXP05v-s
,Recommended,463350,28700125,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Mizari,lalalalallalala
76561198042590261,Not Recommended,463350,29124337,Posted: 8 January,all,Toxic Larva,I don't recommend this game
,Not Recommended,463350,32746410,Posted: 24 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,pornRPG
,Recommended,463350,31564848,Posted: 5 May,all,,_____________¶¶¶¶¶¶___________¶¶¶¶¶¶_________________________¶¶______¶________¶¶______¶¶______________________¶_____¶___¶¶_____¶¶____¶____¶____________________¶¶__¶¶¶¶¶¶__¶_____¶__¶¶¶¶¶¶__¶¶___________________¶¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶_____¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶¶____________________¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶_____¶__¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_¶______________________¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶_______¶_¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶__________________________¶¶¶¶______________¶¶¶_________________¶¶_________________________________________¶¶____¶¶¶_________________________________________¶¶¶______¶¶_____________________________________¶¶___________¶¶¶______________________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶____________¶¶¶¶¶__________________¶¶¶¶¶¶______¶¶¶¶_________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶¶___________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶___________________________________________¶¶¶¶¶¶¶___________________________________________¶¶¶¶¶¶_
,Recommended,463350,32940909,Posted: 28 June,all,Pedorfil,This game soo good. I used to play WoW but that is♥♥♥♥♥♥now so i got this and its like WoW on crack so good the best
,Recommended,463350,23633818,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Suo,Storepic girl has big tiddies.
,Not Recommended,463350,23647256,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,raviel,i don't find it great thats all
,Not Recommended,463350,23639496,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,LikeABoss_FTW,"The game has a nice storyline, but it;s just not my type of game. I feel like I wouldv'e enjoyed this game if it wasn't pixlated. Honestly this game has great potintial, but pixel graphics just aren't my thing anymore."
76561198137262374,Recommended,463350,30759707,Posted: 26 March,all,Zimm,"For an introduction to the JRPG.Note: Recommended for an introduction.  Buy it on sale.  (Not recommended as a ""good game"".)Positives:1)  You knew your direction you were supposed to go (most of the time).2)  The characters are likeable.3)  Not expensive.4)  Side quests are available.On the fence:1)  Easy game.  For a beginner or a 1st taste at an RPG, it is fine.  For veteran...  not so fine.2)  Story is fine...  I like it, but it might be considered ""cheesy"".Negative:1)  Middle of the game...  what just happened?  and HOW!?2)  Here is a dragon... why?    because...  ...  It's cool?3)  Your mage might as well be a fighter.4)  You could probably beat the game with only the heroine and the healer.5)  The final boss...   where am I going?  (Go to an isle in the south west quandrant of the map.)Overall:  If you want an introduction to the JRPG genre.  Buy this on sale (<$1.00)."
,Recommended,463350,30735486,Posted: 25 March,all,prometheusaster,"On the first launch of this it was flagged as an IDP Generic virus. After a few installs and it ran and didn't get the flag. Though, a few odd occurences did happen. Regardless, it is a nifty little game, good for the low spec computers."
76561198018917872,Recommended,463350,30698710,Posted: 23 March,all,rlkerr2,Very good rpgmaker game.The storyline is super and so is the length and size of the game.The one thing that needed improvement is that the battles were too repititious with fighting 2 or 3 enemies with no need to vary strategy for the most part.Some of the magic was of little use in the battles like when the mage can do more damage with the melee weapon than a spell.I would still recommend this game overall.
,Recommended,463350,23763891,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Beast of Burden,"For an RPG Maker game, this had a very solid story and a good bit of side quest content. While the game itself isn't very long, it was a great experience to complete.If I had to come up with a complaint or two about the game, it'd be the serious uselessness of the Mage's magic (seriously, there's no point in using it. You'll find yourself sticking to the debuff and just spamming attack) and the lackluster ending; we'll leave that to you folks to learn about on your own. Let's just say the journey was worth more than the ending. I seriously mean it when I say that.As for the game's battle system, it was somewhat solid, though EXTREMELY easy to break. Like, seriously, if you're an RPG veteran, PLAY THIS GAME ON THE HIGHEST DIFFICULTY!That being said though, if you're a fan of laid back RPGs, I recommend giving this game a full play. Finish it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,463350,23808523,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Oralom,"This one actually wasn't that bad. The storyline was interesting and there's a few sidequests that really make the game feel like a classic RPG. Other than a few dialog mistakes (words running off screen), and some item naming mistakes (treasure chest says I found Hunter's Goggles, but actually getting a completely different item instead), it was decent."
,Recommended,463350,23811518,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,falenmcdc,"Well... What can i say about this RPG Maker game?It has a simple, yet hearth-warming history. You may find yourself a little attached to some character by the end of the game (but not so much); there are great ""clichês"" in it, but what game doesn't, nowadays????The graphics are mostly the ""standards"" ones from the game engine (any ""maker"" would recognize them).The battles are simple and easy - I used the same War Cry+Tiamat Slash strategy the WHOLE game - so the game is not a challenge, after all.In the end, it was a short, fun and cheap game. 7/10."
,Recommended,463350,23788107,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,pr0teusHD,i love rpgsss
,Recommended,463350,23777328,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,LT,"this game to me is the tragic sum of a lack of experience but obiously a vision behind the story and the characters,IMO the characters are for once not stereotypes but at the same time they are introduced in about 30 seconds each in the way of akward throw away dialog, we later get some extra knowledge about the characters but the problem is we never get grow to like them, even the main character that is supposed to go through this change of heart in the first 20 minutes makes me wonder, why even bother with the brothers death (wich btw coudent be more obvious if you just stated outloud; btw this character is going to die, only to then reveal in what the dev team thinks is cleaver dialog that he actually lived), this could have been handled with just introducing the main character depressed and  alone in the wild and her firends looking for her because they are so worried,what im trying to sum up in this wall of text above is that we are thrown into a 4man group of characters so we already cant get to know them or care when they go through their arcs, not to mention that when sura does actually says:♥♥♥♥♥this im going to get revenge. the problem is its presented as some sort of twist or change in her character, when its obvious that this is what its leading to, thing is that these kind of obvious stories can work if you just simply let it come naturally and dont force it while winking and telling us that ""this is tottaly not whats gonna happen guys trust me"".As for another point i noticed really early is, the combat feels poorly balanced and just DULL, some of my nitpicks might be subjective but when all the characters seem to do the same damage on their basic ATTACK and not to mention that as of 7 hours in the classic blackmage still does more damage by hitting people with a staff than using thunder magic....other small things i dislike about the combat is i feel the game should be able to come up with a more pleasing battle presentation, mostly im talking about the static movments and the fact that the battle backround is litterly just a blurred image of the current zone, and this sometimes is fine but at times it does not even cover the backof the screen.another small last thing about the battles is the menus could have been done better by not much effort.furthermore i dont feel like the characters stats matter, when i found a new sword for Sura i just said; oh i guess i gotta equip this. instead of; OMG YEEEEEE NEW SWORD MOFO's.last but not least i dident need to explore for to long before i ended up in the wrong place (the bandit camp that you can acess on your way to the Daggeridge) and not only did i spend about 20-30 minutes in this camp trying to figure out where to go, but i wanted to shoot whoever made the layout, it felt like it was purpously made for you to get lost in, and once i cleared the enitre thing there was little to no reward for it, so all this frustrating back and forth in this camp was a huge waste of time, you can argue this is to make the game hard and id say, you dont need to make the maplayout seem like digdug made the pathing you should just make it difficult to actually clear the ♥♥♥♥ing floor, or like aveyond does block certain locations off with event triggers.now you can say that me getting lost is just me being♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game, in wich case, how rude. but id say that adding this camp to add nothing but usless chests with consums that you end up burning through anyway, and a boss fight that is a sidequest, wich on its own is worthy of asking why would you make it feel like nothing threatens me by introducing such ""Threats"" according to the characters, but i can just beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of them without grinding at all and the rewards are again mediocore. but as i was saying to me this camp is missplaced and only added because the creater dident know how else to fill the game's runtime, and proceeds to link it to a road you need to take to get to a quest so that you can get sidetracked with 0 knowledge of whats going on, all this IMO just goes to prove that the world is poorly mapped out and the terrain feels like it is designed by nothing more than a novice.I know ive been nagging on allot here but before i get flamed for honest opinions im going to say, i didnt exepct a masterpiece from a game at this price, but this is what this entire section of the page is for, to rely our opinions back to the creators and give them perspective on what was good and what was wrong so they can actually elevate their next game above this one, i really hope the makers reads what ive pointed out and if you disagree i invite you to debate me on what and why.to sum up what i dislike and what i did like: i like that the story while being a typical ""Evil queen/Rebellion"" story, this one has more focus on a side i havent seen much of, a mercinary group that gets dragged into the ordeal and now has to lead abunch of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ peasents to try and not get butcherd.i did not like the level of skill that whent into several things like the characters pacing and the stilted nonflowing dialog, the whole brother storyline botherd me and the mentioned combat balancing and system is poorly optimised, and last but not least the fact that the map is made like someone hates me. and items overall felt like trash that i can throw around if i wanted. something minor is that the healers design felt like a joke, idc what you say that is a flatchested woman, no man dresses like this, and if they did it might have been smart to give a reason for it.and btw using the arrowkeys and Z/X felt like i was playing a game from the 1990's...I will recommend the game simply because we can all learn from mistakes wether they be our own or others, you just have to be able to see them as what they are.again i mean no ill will creators ive tried making games with RPG maker and its not easy. this is all meant in the spirit of improvment by criticism, thx for reading my way to long rant about this game have a nice day ^^"
,Recommended,463350,30913152,Posted: 2 April,all,Mahouwafuumofumofu,It's OK if you buy it on sale and don't mind finishing the game without losing a single battle
,Recommended,463350,24720456,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jabba The Hutt,"Very lovely RPG game for those who like this style of RPG's. Good story, nice music, easy turn-based combat. Downside is that it is short, the end coming to quick, even when doing side-quests."
,Recommended,463350,24093120,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Bruudwin,"an overall nice storyunlike a majority of the other rpgmaker games, this one took the time to make each environment devastastingly huge like you would imagine a real life equivalent would be.cities? a maze of pathwayscaves? an abyss of darkness and claustophobiaforests? quite a sizeonly issues i had...typical lots of skin showing female characters.a male character with his 6-8 pack showing like a woman's exposed belly. couldn't tell he was a male for a whilesome placements weren't proper.example at one point i was attacking an area, and there were npcs set about that make sense for after the attack was over. not during the attack.  they were meant to be there afterwards.the mage of the group. extremely useless. he had the highest magic of all, the lowest attack, yet his punches\weapon hits were harder than all of his magic attacks."
,Recommended,463350,30187018,Posted: 25 February,all,Sagerix,A simple and short classic style RPG. Enough side quests and storyline to burn a few hours of casual playtime.
76561198067743999,Recommended,463350,31188713,Posted: 16 April,all,roninator2,"A good RPG game. Simple battles, not too difficult to understand what to do.Was not able to complete all quests, but they were good for the most part.What this game fall short on is completness. There are places where you can walk that you're not supposed to be able to. One item received was not the name given. Several quest updates were repeated from previous or other quests.Some areas looked like the map was drawn with haste, not polished.Over all I give it 7/10."
76561198090899901,Recommended,463350,33892818,Posted: 29 July,all,ShinraVeteran,Beneath the Waifu bs lies the best game that Warfare made that I have played. I can see all the implementations of good features from previous games with a good story that will keep you interested for 10 hours nearly sidequest included. A short and charming rpg that is worth the few cents you spend on it. My only complain is that the difficulty cannot be changed after you start(maybe I missed something).
76561198112719805,Not Recommended,463350,35266960,Posted: 28 September,all,Xanta,"It's a nice game, nice storyline.But not more than that. The grafic bugs are horrible (blinking items, walls that are not blocking, open roads that are blocking), many checkboxes are not properly programmed so here and there you can move around behind a wall.That's minor upsets. Really bad is the fighting system. It is not at all sophisticated. You have magic (poison, thunder, etc.) but they are so incredibly week you are better off just attacking normally. So all you ever do is simply attack (if there are normal foes) and maybe heal. If there is a boss, you try to paralize it and then just attack. Not my idea of a fighting system to smash enter about 20 times per fight and being done with."
,Recommended,463350,35493997,Posted: 5 October,all,Ripaim || Farmskins.com,"your usual rpg maker game. bought it while on sale.story's not that bad, and you can finish the game really fast if you focus on story only.pros:+interesting story+easy+op character+achievementscons:-dungeons maps are REALLY big-way too easy (yes, the character in this game too op or monsters are way weaker)well... I had fun playing."
