user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198040828854,Recommended,463680,32587589,Posted: 20 June,all,Tenashi,"This is my first review ever on steam and i feel i needed to help promote this game, sorry for my spelling in advance.quick summery,pros:  fun and absorbing gameplay,  nice graphics, ""old school"" kinda feel,  an open ""meta"" for those wanting to make their own build and see where that leeds,  NOT P2W.Cons: there is alot of polish still needed, lack of information can be disheartening for new players, the first 27 levels feels like a pure grind fest, small playerbase.so with the summery out of the way id like to go in to details of mentioned pros and cons above.pros.1. gameplay & absobtion, as a lover of ARPGS and lootbased games having played games like devilian, RO, poe, diablo1-3, tree of savior and so on, i feel it's super easy to get absorbed in to the world of GoE the splendid artstyle and fun and ""deep combat""the rason i call the combat deep even tho at first glance it looks super easy and straightforward, is that aproaching mid/late game (lvl 28 onward) you can make combat as deeps as you feel like, mixing abilities from the main/subclass distributing stat points, passive skills and so on there is ALOT you can do with what feels like ""not much"" at first.2. graphics, this point i feel i dont need to go to deep into detail, the artstyle is just right for what this game is trying to get across and works well with the animations of your spells.3.""old school""  with the lack of a better word i feel this is the closest term i can use to describe it, the game feels like a blend mix between Dungon siege/ Ragnarok / diablo,  what this means ( to me ) is that there is a easy to follow quest chain through the game with alot of opportunities to go and grind a dungeon for some loot or exp, min/maxing your clear speed and finding and learning about all the differant stats that gear can roll. this is a system i just love, even tho i know this might not be a positive note for everyone.4. ""open meta""  what i first noticed when i started playing this game what the lack of "" top 10 builds"" which gave me mixed feelings when i started due to not knowing what to do withy my levels afraid of ""destroying"" my character before even reaching mid game, tho i quickly found out that with a litle bit of common knowledge it's easy to basicly make any build work, notice i say ""work"" and not omg everything destoys everything,  when u reach further in to the game with a mediocre build you will get a feel for what your skills do and how stats work with said skills, and making a upgrade to your current build would be easy to do on the spot. This all is something i like alot, when the game says ""hey you wanna be a hunter with pets that heals?"" you can just go ahead an do that and it would work.cons.1. Polishe.  The game is not ""done"" in anyway and there is alot that still needs to be looked over most of this is the way how you character and the world seems to work against eachother in alot of places, getting stuck on wierd invisble hitboxes, ( like vanilla wow and mage blink. ) Even tho this can get on your nervs alot of the time, you acctualy start to learn what to lookout for in the terrain to avoide this as much as possible, even tho thats not something you should need to do.2. lack of information,  this is probebly the biggest Con of the game currently, as you might have noticed is that i use the term ""learn"" alot and even tho that is fun in it's own way, it's not what everyone wants and can be a real bonerkiller for some players, there is no skill calculator for the game so finding information about the classes can be hard to obtaine.to be honest this bit almost made me skip this game going in to a game with the mindset of a semi hardcore player wanting to perform well and doing everything i can to be ""good"" at the game and and i cant for the life of me find the information i wanted to get a build idea from the getgo.But i stuck with the game and followed the only build i could find with information from (ghazzyTV) and as i reached lvl 28 i feelt i hade enough knowledge about about 2 of the classes i wanted to play to make a new char and make my own build.3.early levels,  i have 2 characters above 30 and i have had the same feelings with both of them that the questing/grinding before lvl 28 feels really ""empty"" theres not much going on and it feels super slow, tho as soon as you reach 28 the pace picks up and the game becomes more enjoyable, try to get to 30 before you decide if you want to keep playing or not i promise it is so much more fun after that.4. playerbase, Currently the playerbase is not large by any means, but its a solid base non the less alot of helpfull people willing to share information or point you in the right directions or just simply having a conversaation while grinding.Endbit,I decided to write this review after playing this game for 70~ish hours in hope of explaining the current state of the game and maybe be the make or break point for some players.  There is alot of hope for this game partly because of the games devs are really amazing with taking ideas and oppinions from the community while also keeping the development of the game really clear for all the players to see and to comment on.im going to dedicate the summer to this game and will update me review at the start of fall or if i find something worth mentioning before that.Again sorry for my spelling and thanks for reading, Good luck in the game !"
76561198006525169,Not Recommended,463680,32755967,Posted: 24 June,all,Bone,"Hi,I've spent some time in it and I overall currently enjoy it, but there is a variety of issues with this game that desperately needs to be addressed, otherwise these things will likely cause me and other players a lot of grief later on in the game. These issues are:1. Hit Detection Problems = It appears this game suffers from the same problem Dark Souls 2 did; to the player it will appear you avoided the hit but the game still considers you within range and hits you. Thus, in this game, running past an enemy often results in it hitting you in melee, despite you no longer being in melee anymore. This is often a problem where the render thread (renders everything onto the monitor) and the update thread (performs all the calculations) of the game engine are processing frames at different rates. This is a game crippling problem for an ARPG, as you need very precise hit detection in order to pull it off; this is a priority for fixing.2. Input Delay = It appears that there is a delay in all forms of inputs from the player. For example, I'm using Whirlwind, and when I take my finger off of the button, I keep whirlwinding and consuming energy for another 0.33 to 0.66 seconds. This causes a whole variety of issues, and again, like Hit Detection, this makes it hard to properly transistion from Whirlwind to close-quarters combat and then hit targets with a precise Hammer Strike (or w/e its called), and I often miss my intended target as a result.3. Loot Delay = Again, there is a delay between when an item drops on the ground and the time when you can pick it up. Often I have to wait anywhere from 0.25 to 1.00 seconds to pick up an item or auto-pickup a chunk of gold.4. Imprecise Hitboxes on Terrain = There has been numerous times I've gotten hung up on terrain, and thus ground right to a halt. Objects that look like you can pass under them, you can't, and I've seen enemies use ranged attacks through a solid object and hit me before, while I on the other hand can't hit them. Or, there is these overhanging tents, that you can enter, but you can't attack targets that are inside it and their attacks cannot escape out of it either.5. Energy Potion Cooldown = You have a metric called Energy and it is used for all your attacks. It regenerates over time, or you can use the Energy Potion. The issue is that I'm frequently running out of Energy, and the most basic potion only restores 20 energy, but has a full minute of a cooldown. I could understand a full minute, if it restored all of my energy, but 20 energy for 1 minute, when that 20 energy barely powers my Whirlwind for a single 360 rotation? Thats harsh, which often results in me running in circles while my potion is on cooldown, as running back to your body takes FOREVER.6. Stat Allocation Problems = As a Knight, that uses shields, I've found that I'm able to play much more easily by dual wielding, rather than by using a shield... which is odd for me as I'd expect that if the class is built around shields, I'd do better with a shield, but I'm not. This of course leads to the problem of how to allocate my stat points. Up to LV 15 I can respec them freely, but, the reality with this game is that it only starts getting ""good"" after LV 15, so I could potentially screw up my Stat Allocation because I'm currently focusing on augmenting my dual wielding as I'm being just much more successful with it. Unless there is some way to respec my points for a cost later on, I think this mechanic of only allowing stat relocation until 15 is too harsh.7. Imprecise Hitsboxes on Items on Ground = I find it often very difficult to pickup an item off the ground. In other ARPGs, like Diablo 2, Diablo 3, Baldur's Gate Dark Alliance, or even Grim Dawn, items have a sillouhete that highlights the item to make it easier to grab that item. Not so here, and thus I will frequently grab the wrong item, and as I'm in the second area and haven't found a vendor anywhere, I'm frequently tossing items out to make room for 1 more item. See the problem?8. Breakables = Some crates or barrels in the environment are breakable and produce loot. Some can't be broken, but you can pass through them freely as if they lacked a hitbox. Still others can't be broken or passed through, but I've seen enemies pass through them which is very annoying. Some consistency would be nice.9. Hidden Chamber Items = These are a misnomer; there are no hidden chambers that I could find in any of the dungeons, but they are a potential drop from the final ""boss"" of the dungeon. Renaming that to maybe ""Potential Rare Loot"" would be better, unless, well, the Dev Team intends to actually add hidden chambers to the dungeons, and have that loot in those chambers.There is a lot of depth and interesting mechanics to this game, so I'll keep pushing myself to play it as I do mostly enjoy it. But, the above things will likely cause a lot of problems later on in the game, where enemies hit harder and overall various gameplay systems are more punishing, like durability repairs. There is potential here, but it all depends on the Dev Team. The first 4 issues, will often make OR break an ARPG, and if not addressed WILL turn away a lot of players as these problems will lead to people feeling the game is unfair and mechanically broken."
76561198275542041,Not Recommended,463680,31362507,Posted: 25 April,all,QuagaarKing,"Criticising the game or the amatuer publishing team on the forums will not only get you perma banned, but once banned they will then delete EVERY single post you ever made to make it look like your comments, problems and criticism never existed at all, just like they did to me. I can only advise you to stay away from this game and anything else this publisher touches. The publishers are also now begging for positive reviews and for people to downvote negative reviews rather than fix the problems and re-designs that warrant the bad reviews in the first place.A failed F2P that's been rebranded and re-released as a B2P, but the whole game still feels like it's been designed as a F2P (all they did was remove the F2P option and forced everyone to buy one of the ""starter packs"" that contain RNG orbs, to actually play the game, according to Insel this is how you redesign a F2P as a B2P..), the cash store sells nothing but RNG orbs (chests) meaning you have 0% guarantee of being able to buy what you want like on cash stores for other B2P MMORPG's.Boring looking procedural dungeons with terrible feeling combat make this game feel old really fast. Much better games out there, some of  which are still F2P.No endgame content or auction house and no way to group with people to do dungeons etc apart from spamming a dead chat that has 2 or 3 foreign speakers in it and thats it. About 100 players spread over 2 servers at its peak times.Lots of bad bugs (i even got a CTD just making my tween), a lot of which have apparently existed since release, with no fixes for them in 6 month so far.No ""new"" content released during this Early Access so far, just re-released content that was already made 2 year ago for the failed F2P version before they shut the servers down.Edit: They are now adding ""real money"" only items to the cash store that still only give you a RNG chance of receiving what you want, this is disgraceful for any B2P game, but for a game still in EA it feels even worse. Feel like $10 is enough to buy yourself a permanent mount, tough, instead you will only get 10 chances of getting one, and even then probably not the one you want, or even a permanant one, greedy greedy publishers!"
,Not Recommended,463680,28881649,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,rawne1980,"It's a free to play game hiding behind a buy to play price tag.I've had some issues with the game that we talked over with the publishers handling this western release of the game.For anyone wanting to play pure support and those dedicated healers amongst you online RPG gamers, you won't get any XP in groups. XP is only shared with the DPS. Deal damage, get rewards, heal your group and get nothing. Some people are okay with that, as a healer it doesn't sit well with me.Respeccing is locked behind either a pay wall or daily missions. They cost 25 empire coins each or 99 if you go for the loot orb for a chance at a mount or pet. You get 10 empire coins for each daily. May not seem like a problem but with a choice of 2 specs, plenty of skills and needing to tweak builds for different things it's going to get costly.Those I could tolerate but what I just found, and the reason I can't recommend this at all, is RPG's give ways to customise your character and Guardians of Ember is no different.What the problem is with this buy to play game is that in order to save items for costumes it costs 100 frozen ember per item which is cash bought currency.That would be fine for a free to play game but I can't accept that in a buy to play game.Mounts are temporary unless you get a permanent one in a loot orb (another free to play staple).Pets are temporary unless you find a permanent one in a loot orb.If paying £15, £20 or £40 for a free to play game is okay with you then go ahead, the game itself isn't bad but there are just too many cash drains for me to recommend this to anyone. If they dropped the price tag or the silly cost for things in game it would be one of the best games i've bought recently but it's greed holding it back.Shame really."
76561197997826560,Not Recommended,463680,30116159,Posted: 23 February,all,AeonDelfalas,"In the recent past I have been looking for a new hack & slash mmo since that genre of games is currently spreading and I do like both genres. Having that combined in 1 game should be awesome. Testing an early access game never was my kind of thing but I gave it a try. Since I will drop the game for a couple of months and see how it develops I want to atleast leave a review behind.So far I got ~ 180hours into the game and reached the current end content.So lets start with the good stuff in GoE:1. Graphics: Nice terrain with much detail, various weapon glows for the enhancementgrade, bugged shadows in dungeons while jumping & great armorskins. Though the skill animation is not really “fancy”. 7/10.2. Difficulty: The difficulty is just at the right spot. You can pretty much steamroll the content if you just do all the main & sidequests since you will get good loot from the enemies you will encounter while doing so. Also you can select between 2 difficulties before entering a dungeon.  8/10.3. Story: Although I never got a real feeling for the story in GoE I liked the plot. 6.5/104. “Early Game”: So for starters this game might be pretty easy. Everything is explained in tiny pictures & written english. “Click this for that”. 8/105. “Mid Game” This is where you start to get into “Enchantment” - The system is awesome – Although RNGeesus gets you poor really quick while trying to get the right enchant on your gear. Also the runesystem is great – although you can't buy specific green runes with the desired stat you want. Also the runesystem is poorly explained so figuring out how it actually works is hard. ( There is a guide in the forum that explains everything ) 7/106. “End Game” This is what all Hack and Slash games are about ! Farming endgame gear, grinding crafting materials, farming runes, … There is a lot to do. But – Crafting is a pain – Farming the materials takes a lot of time, crafting the item itself is again RNGeesus. If you want to have the best available equipment (Crafted Gear) expect to spend more then 60h just to farm the materials. 7/10Now for the bad stuff in GoE:1. Skillsystem: The current skillsystem is designed without any transparency and won't let you know if that Skill you upgrade will give you a multiplicative or an additive bonus. So choosing the wrong upgrade might result in having to reset your skilltree.2. Diminishing Returns: With every lvl up you will get 3 Character stat points – You can allocate them in 4 stats – the higher the stat already is the less of a bonus you will get. IF you plan on playing a 2 Stat character you might be kind of screwed once there is more content released since you wont be able to get a significant bonus with every lvl.3. BUGS: Just look at the Forums. There are countless bugs ingame. Getting stuck in the Floor, Wall, Tree, Fence, - Generally you can get stuck everywhere. You can fall through the floor or even jump 1000m high. Also a lot of the bugs have been in the game since release – still no fix. If there is a patch with fixes then there will be new bugs after the fix. So if you want to have a bugfree experience stay away from this title.4. Logouttimer: The current system has a “log out timer” that will let your character stay ingame for ~ 20 seconds after you force close the game (due to a bug) or a disconnect. This will mostly result in your character dying since you will be swarmed by mobs.5. Staffmembers: I wont go into that in much detail. You might want to have a look at the Forum and see for yourself. Getting called a troll by the Staff (although that person was not even trolling until that statement from a Staffmember) and then trolling and resulting in a ban from the forum is not really professional. Also many issues are just beeing neglected. “You would have died anyways” - “There is no P2W” - “You dont get a statbonus from pets”... Could give countless more examples.6. P2W: Currently there is a thing called “Compendium”. You can collect a ton of cards by slaying mobs. But then there is a section with Pets & Animals. Considering that a full animal and pet compendium gives a character ~3.2k more HP (That bonus stacks with characterlevel) and the pets & animals beeing available via “Loot Orbs” (ShopItem that can be bought via real money or ingame currency (You can get 1.1 loot orb per day just by doing the dailies) that contains a pet or a mount with a certain chance (The chance is so low dont even try (~15 Lootorbs for 1 pet or mount IF you are really lucky))) – Considering all that you would have to buy around 2331 Lootorbs to get both compendiums finished. 3.2k HP on a naked character with only 6k HP at lvl 50 is huge (thats 50% more base health).7. Since release there has been no road map. So if you want to be surprised with “GoE will go F2P” - go ahead and buy it.All in all GoE is a nice game that has a lot of potential but fell into the wrong hands. If you cant wait for promising titles like LostArk or MULegends or D4 or PoE 3.0 or …. then GoE might be a game you would want to play for 1 hour until you disconnect (my record was 3 disconnects in 20 minutes)I can't recommend the game at the current state but I will keep an eye onto it (Although I wont post in the forum anymore since I will get banned anyway or end up beeing called a troll for stating that buying a statbonus is P2W and Staffmembers then neglecting that).Have a good one. Have fun.Aeon."
76561198033122746,Recommended,463680,35128997,Posted: 22 September,all,the evil one,"1st impressionsThe single player element looks to have masive playtimeIts a mmo technically, but needs a LOT more players to justify thatThe single player quest line is fine though for me for nowIts messy but I like itIt obviously was a p2w f2p and some1 has got hold of it, removed all the p2w elements and relaunched itAnyone who has played eldevin will see the same game here with a reskin idk which game was released 1stbut even the bugs are in exactly the same place in quests or dungeons, and the quests themselves are often identicalAll that aside i was after a long term game at least 1000hrs and this proberly has thatThe messy part is the hangover  from all f2p games, its all too needlessly complicated at timesWith litterly 1000s of diff armours and stats all need dissasembling using diff parts to do that to get a runestone to combine with more runestones for a chance of better stats, it all needed streamlining for a buy to play gameplayer owned houses suffer the same fate, instead of the simple garden you can plant herbs/fruit/nuts in it goes the pot/soil/water more water then growing crystals to speed it up then more water ..........etc etc etcpotion should be just 2 things, a herb and a secondary(dropped by mobs) but again here becasue of its f2p roots it wants u to have as many inv spots as possible taken up with multiple ingrediants to force you to buy more space so hopefully that will get changedplacing items is tricky nothing is smoothDungeon runs are goodsame as eldevin they have difficulity lvls per dungeon so even the lowest lvl run needs to be revisited later on at harder difficulities giving longer life to themcash shopyep it has one but all the f2p p2w stuff has gone, in fact they went too far and left nothing much to buyneeds way more cosmetics, xp tomes etc( xp tomes/speed ups are not p2w in my eyes, not every1 has the time to no life like I do, so they should be able to speed things up a bit if they want to)It badly needs real banking with tabs to store stuff in right places, its a gamebreaker reallyala runescape with it's free 400 spots(can't remeber actual figure) then you can buy bank boosters for 50 extra slots a time, with 9 tabs to keep stuff in right area and actually being able to swap stuff freely from one tab to another and slot them inbetween items not just swap themlitterly 100's of other issues but none that can't be solvedIf it's on sale the deluxe pack is worth it for the hrs of fun you getAnd the devs do seem geniune and want to make the game better so i have high hopes for itI know the review is mostly negative but whats the point of a review that glosses over the cracksBuy it get a few 100hrs play out of it and hope its been updated a lot by the time your boredA great game is hidden here but really needs a lot of polishing upEditjust finished the plague quest as far as i can for now""plague"" quest? yep even the bosses had same names as eldevin roflso either this has the same devs under a different name or something is very wrong here lol"
76561198102542710,Not Recommended,463680,29709633,Posted: 4 February,all,kvjetak,"I really don't know, what to say about this game. The idea itself, open world MMO and ARPG mix, sounds pretty good. But honestly, we still need to wait for it. GoE isn't really that bad, but only if you never played any MMO or ARPG before. GoE is NOT hack'n'slash at all! And it's boring. There's so many games of both genres much much better than this one. Game enviroment is very poor. And graphics was a joke even in 2016, which takes me to another problem...Just google ''Embergarde''. This game was in closed beta in Taiwan already 2 years ago! They just renamed it and translated to English. I bet the content is still the same. Just another well hyped cash grab. I wish I knew it before I paid for it! Everything else I'd like to say could be a violence against Steam rules, so...NOT RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,463680,35167082,Posted: 23 September,all,Skithe,"At the time of writing this my guy had just leveled to 20 I will edit and write more as my time expands.TL:DR (I dont know why this is never written first by anyone)Great game for an ARPG with many hidden perks but may not suit all audiences due to slower combat and a set away from casual. Could use some polish but overall 8 out of 10 hip thrust.GoE may not appeal to all audiences due to the fact that it is slower paces than the norm that has been defined by Diablo. Combat feels more in line with Titan Quest  series where each battle is slower paced and you never feel like you have ROFLstomped your enemy even when you have obtained an item of worth I.E legendary however it still gives you the feeling that you do have an edge.There is a bit of polishing the game still needs to put in as of this writing you can only change the resolution of the game as the settings for video options do not change without editing the .ini file.The UI is not unique by any means and is in line with every other ARPG out there with a typical Health on left Energy on right and skills in the middle lay out.The music is probably one of my biggest gripes. While not terrible it becomes repeitive like PoE repetitve quick. Some music scores are witten beautifully only to turn into a WTF type composition is this. New Ku'dan upper being one that sticks out sorely. Overall forgetable and easily muted to a Youtube mix.Ive not found any input lag however there is an issue with the server not registering hits due to ghosting or moving npcs that are not processed on your screen.  I believe this is a Server issueParts of the games core are very tedious and it dosnt quite explain things as well as it could. Followers in your house and their stats and what they do{yes you get a house} is up to you to figure out. I still at the time of writing this do not know if the laid out Ability progression tree affects your character as a whole, or just the ability its tied to or if it comes into play when you have slotted sad ability. However I do like the fact that it does away with the norm and no longer use the same D&D formula STR, CON etc. And takes on Prestigue, Bravery, Blood and Focus that combines multiple cross stats that would not normally be grouped together such as  block and attack speed or crit and resistance.So to follow up I rarely rate games but I feel this game deserves a bit of a push to help bolster its backing and support. With a bit of fine tuning it could turn out to be a gem. As you can check my profile this is hardly coming out of a casual gamers point of view."
,Not Recommended,463680,30894111,Posted: 1 April,all,zerofynite,"I feel this game is worth... $5-10.Review is up to level 30. Felt ripped off for $30. It's an mmo trying to be like Diablo. I read a lot about it being a ""re-released"" game, and decided to risk it based on some reviews. I should have listened to the bad reviews.Tid Bits:- You can make your own teleportation waypoints to go back to any spot on the map. Cool feature, but still can't figure out how to make the item to use it.- Loot system is perplexing to say the least. Bow can have Axe+ Dmg?! My axe can shoot.- Some skills enjoyable at first... most skills and abilities just seem rather boring with no depth to them.- Characters can Jump! Yes!... but pretty pointless. Only 1 quest I’ve seen use jump so far. (Make it a sprint dev's…)- Some cool boss fights but not very challenging.- Works nice in 4k- Fishing, simple and quick. Didn't try crafting.- Housing editor is fairly decent.- You get horses/mounts.Meh:- Characters run way too slow- Many Crashes- Server lags a lot.- Player base seems dead. You see the odd person here and there. Lower price could help a lot.- 1st Main city... extra large and empty.- Pathing issues while running and getting stuck on objects/stairs the odd time.Story/Questing:- Your standard mmo style quests. Nothing innovative here.- Wasn't really reading the story, cut scenes looked vintage.Look and feel:- Pretty decent for this style of game.  Lots of detail.- Good variety of assets.Combat:- Combat is way too slow and clunky starting out but picks up at higher levels.- Skills don't seem to tie together well, you end up just mashing available skills.- Not much combat strategy.Enemy AI:- Nothing creative at all, as soon as you get close they all swarm you, except for some range enemies. Every enemy and battle basically feels the same.- Enemies respawn a few seconds after killed in the same spot.Maps:- Very linear. Following 1 main path with quests and dungeons along the way.- Becomes more intricate at higher levels but still fairly linear.Dungeons:- So far.. Lower level dungeons are simple (like 1 room simple), they get much bigger around level 15.Sounds/Music:- Some sounds could be tweaked (warrior class sounds like a vacuum cleaner when twirling) but overall sounds are ok. Nothing epic here but not overly appealing.- Music gets repetitive and stale fast.Challenge:- Solo Fairly easy.- Grouping even easier.OVERALL:- Overpriced. Game needs an overhaul. Seems to pickup around level 15-20."
76561197974927402,Not Recommended,463680,29174373,Posted: 10 January,all,CNN is Isis,"Update: I understand many of the problems below have been addressed.I can't recommend this game at this time. I'm on US server.-Crashes many times a day, no log, just closes.-Fall through the map often, slowly sink for 10 minutes only to not die but fall forever, sheesh. Exit game to escape.-More mobs per square inch than any MMO since Rift early days. Roads are covered in mobs, quest NPC have mobs on them, they are everywhere.-Maps are mostly a long windly road with a few meters of space on either side (packed with mobs), sometimes wideneing out a bit, but totally linear and claustrophobic.-Mobs have knockback, like every mob from 30-40 seems to have KB, and when 10+ mobs are all ping-pong character you die, or lose control for several seconds, annoying as hell. Diminishing returns may help here.-KB often will knock you ""above"" the map, or inside some stairs, rocks, whatever and your stuck. There is no ""/stuck"" command.-Much like KB, many mobs also get a stun, which works the same. I have a character with +40% stun resist (10 points invested), with stun pen/resist/block power gear, and I get stun locked all the time. Lose character control, die. You can't potion or use skills while they bounce/stun lock you.-Gear - Oh boy. Weapons are essentially stat sticks, no weapon restrictions per class, so whatever has the best DPS / stats you like, you use. However, a dagger can have ""Crossbow Mastery"" as a prefix, it makes no sense.- You need keys to open your loot chest at the end of dungeons. You can only get keys by fishing, and one daily reward of 3 iron, 1 golden key. This means you have to go do the busy work of fishing for RNG keys instead of playing the game, unless you like no chest at the end of the dungeon (complete with pop up to ask if your sure you don't want any loot).- No gathering or crafting until level 40(!) - that's way to late.- No enhancement until level 30(!) - also too late.Some good stuff.- The fishing is done pretty good.- The enhancement system is unique and well done, if hard to understand for a while.- The crafting i haven't done, but the gathering is also well done. You plant a ore miner and protect it while 10 waves of mobs attack, then get your minerals.- They have public quests on the maps, they are pretty standard, but kudos for including them.- It is not P2W at allThe game would be a recommend, but the tech issues mostly just hold it back. It crashes a lot, lags, and you get stuck on geometry or sink through the map. Too early."
,Not Recommended,463680,30808263,Posted: 28 March,all,UmbranoS,"My wife asked me ""how was the game?""I answered ""I'm not mad.. I'm just disappointed"".It seems that a lot of people are taking up Diablo as a reference when talking about this game.It also seems like a lot of people have never played Diablo.This is not in any way comparable to Diablo.There is no momentum to your actions. Every step you take and every skill you use feels slow and clumsy.Some of your skills reach way too far (I mean ridiculously far) and you end up pulling tons of stuff you don't want.The classes are not as diverse as they are believed to be. They are extremely linear, not much customization at all.Theese were just the highlights of what I really care to think about,because atm I'm just sad that this was not what it was advertised to be.I bought the game at 18,75€ wich is quite cheap,but in my opinion the game does not live up to that price.There is potential within this game, but at the moment they are making themselves look like crap when having two quotes on the store page that compares them to Diablo, setting (as of now) an unreachable goal."
76561197978601399,Not Recommended,463680,30222497,Posted: 27 February,all,RaZe,"Game has no educated developers, it was finished 2 years ago and got cancelled in Taiwan. They sold their bugged game to Insel...The Publishers are trying to milk the cow, by acting like they actually do bug fixes. When they just ""hold"" on the content and items that already are coded into the game...Publishers have poor vocabulary and makes a huge mess of statements events / patch notesGame doesn't have a roadmap because they don't have developers and the game already is complete...Just take a good look at how the ""developers"" on Steam write, it's scary how they hide in a shell and lie time after time...All they can do is change the content of ""loot orbs"" They manage the Cash shop, and are able to make some minor tweaks to the game by playing with the game code....Jokes on you insel, this game should be removed from Steam it's a scam and offensive to the ARPG communityBtw this has nothing to do with MMO because there's no MMO factors in it other then that you have a mount that gets stuck in stairs / obstacles...  Who would even make an MMO without an Auction house in year 2017, and without loot that makes sense for trading...Just look at theese amateurs, using over 14 days to announce winners of a bugged event that barely 200 players participated in... And someone supposedely going to win a trip to taiwan to meet the developers of the game that quit 2 years ago? Ofc it takes time to stage a trip to taiwan meeting programmers that doesnt exist.. And 100% sure that person that ""wins"" that trip to taiwan is not going to make a post about it either, if it happens it's gonna be so freaking staged...Who the heck would pay for a trip to taiwan when they have playerbase of 200 people each day divided on Us  / Europe?Go bankrupt?Pics / video or  it didnt happen, there's no proof that there's any programmers working on this product.  Who ever manages this is doing a p.... poor job and those getting payed for publishing this game has no experience on how to milk cows anyway...Why haven't even the coders from taiwan been introduced if they supposedly are involved with this game?It's hard to believe in this scam.. Game could have become something in the right hands, but Insel have no idea what they are doing.. Just look at their other games & Runes of Magic..Hilarious that this made it into steam."
,Recommended,463680,28382345,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ephixia,"The game was ported from a chinese MMO, Nothing in the game is orginal.Guardians Of The EmberProsFantastic Graphics right of the bat for a Hack and slash MMORPG (and early access)Great character customization/creation (however millions of items is a stretch)Fluid attack animations (melee)Fantastic community has bought into the game from the Get GoThe Devs are really helpful and polite. They have been trying to assure to community at every stepDwarves!Fantastic class customizationSome sound affects are really good.ConsSome sounds feel dodgy and misplaced and almost of a 90kb soundbite quality.Starting the game can be confusingThere is an ingame cash shop. ( IMO they should not be in a game you paid for)(you can buy loot boxes giving you a advantage over less financially stable players)There is no female choice for dwarves :(The game sometimes feels like a cheap ported asian MMO at times, Somewhat like devilian. Take that with a grain of saltAnd the major and I feel only real issue at the moment is the servers and the Devs have assured us that this is going to be fixed. First the game was released to a server in germany and my ping was excess of 400 making the game unplayable. I was going to get a refund but then they switched to Taiwan and my ping was awesome. (at the time of this review they are again moving the server to a better location, Which scares me as I live in Australia and my ping to Europe is very high... However with ARK's technology I am able to get a ping of 60 on a server that has say 500.)In the end:I really enjoy the game, It has been alot of fun for what I have played. For early access its very far into production and I feel alot of love went into the game. However their are alot of underlining issues with ping that need to be addressed, As it leaves whole countries refunding the game. I would purchase the game , The devs are really listening and there seems to be trust building between us and them.7.5/10after some more timeIt has been frustraiting and annoying trying to play the game now, The devs have changed to a server that even people in Hungary are complaining about...However they just throw their arms in the air and pretend its perfect...(They also only said anything about an asian server. Which is just garbage as Oceania purchases alot more games then the whole of asia/china put together...)If you are Australian please refrain from buying the game. its clear we don't exsist to the devs. Its gut wretching how much I have had to back peddel......"
76561198067869074,Not Recommended,463680,28390443,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Xanfu,"First and foremost, this should be a free to play game. You have to use real money to actually get the ease of life things in the game. Inventory expansions, skill/stat resets, mounts, etc. I'm literally so sick and tired of paying for a game and then expected to pay more just to reset my skills? It makes no sense to me, but they took my money so jokes on me. There's also really nothing new with this game. It's a water downed version of Devilian. Although, I don't know if Devilian added housing. Regardless, the housing is just a cheap diversion from the already cookie cutter game. I'll just go into the pros and cons from here...Pros:- Has a decent amount of content, kinda.- Graphics are ok.- Public quests can be refreshing from the mundane linear quests.Cons:- Still have to pay (again) for cash shop things that should come free since you have to buy the game from the start.- No storyline at all, just kind of floats you through the game.- Very linear gameplay.- Combat is poor. Massive lag in between actions, no fluidity.- Crappy chat options (seriously, things like this should be a long forgotten thing of the past).- The 60+ dungeons that they advertise are pretty dumb, you can run most of them solo and they're not really dungeons per se.- The classes are all lopsided in pvp. Needs a lot of love in that department.- Massive lag, this game is EU based, so be warned.- All in all, there's nothing new here and it just seems like a money grab from the devs.Before you spend money buying this, check out some of the free to play games out there that are just like this and do it better...FOR FREE."
76561198030570438,Not Recommended,463680,30083474,Posted: 21 February,all,ringod123,"TL:DR - Really bad ARPG with maybe 20 ppl online on any given server at peak times, so definately NOT an MMO. Publisher who searches for already complete and failed games from other markets and re-releases them in the West pretending they are in an alpha state and will significantly improve. Unusually high amount of positive reviews from people who only own GoE or have never reviewed anything else..Still looks and feels like a F2P game, except you have to pay for access, you also now have to buy the most expensive version to be able to have your full inventory usable, otherwise you're stuck with limited inventory space until you pay real money to upgrade.This game was originally released only in Asia under the name Embergarde (which was F2P), where it quickly failed and dropped into obscurity, forcing the dev's to shut the servers down. A new publisher then bought the rights to it, changed it's name and released it in the West, but apart from a few minor tweaks (like adding in game currency for shop items) they havnt improved on the base game in any way yet. Yes they have added a couple of new features, only 1 of which was asked for by the community since day 1 (group finder), the rest are simple ""copy and paste but change a few values"" type changes that no-one asked for, nightmare difficulty or horde mode for example,a huge steaming pile no-one wanted or asked for because the combat is terrible, but it was relatively simple to and quick to add so...This seems to be how Insel games works, acquire the rights to release an already complete game that has already failed elsewhere (previously only released in asian/eastern markets) in the West. Pretend it is being overhauled to justify releasing it in Early Access when all that's really happening is Insel is holding back already made and previously released content to release throughout EA as they slowly complete english/western localisation. Reatain a very minimal amount of staff from the Devs to fix *some* (a lot of bugs still in the game have been there since its orginal asian version) bugs and quicker fixable issues while telling the player base the Developers refused most ideas to improve the game, do this for 6-9 months while making excuse after excuse to the tiny amount of players left playing, then release from EA in basically the same state the game was in when it failed in it's original market, then, rinse and repeat the whole process with another game (go check out Wild Buster (whose EA blurb on the store page was literally copy and pasted from GoE's EA blurb on it's own store page) and World Of Fishing (which closed its servers after only 9 months)) and in 6-9 month time, close the servers on the previous one as the tiny amount of players left playing out of hope are in no way enought to continue funding the servers.The Good:Graphics - Nothing groundbreaking but fairly decent graphics for a 3d isometric MMO.Optimisation - Stable and decent FPS at max quality and 1440p.""Cash"" store - Not P2W any more, they now added a way to earn an in-game currency to buy store items (should have been there since the start really). I also listed the store in bad features below.The Bad:Combat - The combat is this game is probably the worst combat in any MMO and/or ARPG I have ever played, it is so bad it will be the main reason you (or anyone) refund or at least prematurely stop playing this game and forget about it. Lack of even decent hit anims, sounds, stagger etc make it feel and look really flat, and that's before the terrible server/skill lag that these publishers try and make excuses for since they wont fix the terrible netcode ""oh, its meant to be like that cos it's for ""hardcore"" gamers"", worst excuse ever.Overall bad MMO design - You will be flooded with useless loot all through the game, all you can do (until lvl30) is sell it to NPC's and accrue masses of gold really fast, which you will never spend as all the NPC shops sell way worse loot than what you will get dropped. You will also find tons of potions, meaning you don't even need to ever buy restoratives.Far too many mobs flood the areas outside of dungeons, even all over the path's you're expected to follow, adding heavily to the ""too much loot"" problem, combine this with stupidly fast repsawn timers for all mobs and you're starting to get the idea of just how much loot you will get dropped. Your attacks can and will aggro mobs who are way offscreen, even when fully zoomed out. Left click is bound to attack as well as ""move to here"" so when you are fighting mobs and the one you were attacking moves, you will walk to that position instead of attacking, a very bad design feature when it comes to ranged classes and aggro.Procedural Dungeons - Now i'm sure this allowed the team to churn out dungeons pretty fast, but they get old really quick as they all look the same, you start to recognise the peices that are slotted together quite quickly, making them completely uninteresting and boring, instead of being like ""ooh look at this pretty new dungeon"" like you are in ESO or FFXIV, you just put your head down and grind through it, thinking ""yeah i've seen all this many times before"", and that's only 10 hours into a game you're supposed to spend 100's of hours in.""Cash"" store - Since the addition of an earnable in-game currency to buy store items with, the store can no longer be classed as P2W, but instead it seems the publishers/dev's are trying to invent ways to cause ""panic buying"" of loot orbs (RNG chests), making some items unavailable with very little warning, knowing you cant earn massive amounts of in game store currency in short periods of time, leading people into being tempted to use real money instead. Now I can live with this to a certain extent for any pay-once (non-subscription) MMO, but to do it when the game is still in Early Access and isn't even feature complete feels cheap and exploitative. Add this to the fact that the store only offers RNG, luck based purchases that mean you could spend hundreds of dollars and still not get what you wanted, then it starts to sound even worse.Disconnects/CTD's - The way this game handles being dropped from the server is horrendous! If you are disconnected (or CTD, which happens far too frequently) when not fighting anything you will be loaded back in exactly where you were. If, however you were fighting/being attacked by something, you will find yourself logging back in at the one of the towns. I have often been disconnected or had a CTD while in a dungeon, leading me to spend 30 minutes just getting back to the dungeon entrance from the nearest town, and then spend up to 45 minutes re-doing the dungeon too."
,Not Recommended,463680,33892907,Posted: 29 July,all,Governor of Kekistan,"They really need to have a 'in the middle' rating option instead of yes or no. With that said, I did select no, but that isn't my real impression of the game. Also remember that this is in EA, so anything I say here may be addressed at a later date by the devs.Setup:- Download/patching was pretty straightforward. Not sure of the of the issues people had mentioned about it, but I didn't have any issues downloading, updating and then getting right into the game.- Character creation was underwhelming. You basically select one of the 6 classes (which are kind of flat feeling; more on that later), one of 4 races who from what I read have absolutely no difference between them other than physical appearance, select male/female, pick your hair, eye, lip color, name and thats that. Unless I totally missed a big section allowing you to personalize your appearance, you basically look the same as anyone else with your race/class/hair color.- Available classes were also a bit meh. The selections are pretty basic things you see across MMO and hack/slash games. Other than the dark knight which is a little bit of a DPS/tank melee hybrid, we've seen everything else a thousand times. With that, I'm also surprised that there wasn't a rogue/stealth type or more specialized magic types like a necro, all sorts of elementals or just something new and creative.- I am still under the impression that unless the different races have inate skills/bonuses/benefits that aern't mentioned during the character creation page, there is zero difference between them other than you look like a human or something else. Kind of disappointing if this is simply for cosmetics.Gameplay:- There is little to no actual story setup. I know some people want to get into the lore and everything and some can't push the enter button fast enough to bypass it. So that that for what you will. When the game loads, you're basically at a fort and goblins have overrun the area, blah blah blah you've heard this a billion times already. The overall gist of the game is to get the sacred ember McGuffin and save the universe as usual. But this is a hack & slash game, so I know the story matters as much as the acting does in a p0rn movie.- The graphics/artwork are good. The game was nice to look at and on my system (i7, GTX 780) everything ran at full graphics without a problem.- Good on the devs for making it possible to allow key rebinds on everything. Not sure why this is sometimes not available (other than pure laziness).- One of my biggest gripes was that even when max zoomed out, it felt like you could only see 10 feet in any direction. I'd really love to see more ARPG games where if you have discovered/cleared the FoW on an area you can zoom out much further than just whatever is currently right by you. It really felt like everything was ontop of me.- The aggro ranges of mobs are rediculously short. Probably due to what I mentioned above, but you basically have to walk up and smack an enemy before they react to you. Then again, with having a close in max zoom, if the aggro was further you'd basically spend the entire game having things run at you from off screen.- The skills system is pretty straight forward and you quickly realize that you need to formulate a strategy on how you want/need to set up for your specific playstyle. I'd suggest having all of these skills be shown on more of a bottom to type chart where you unlock X to unlock Y istead of the weird left to right bars that are there now. There should also be multiple skills to pick at the unlocks you get at 10, 15,20, etc instead of just 'this is the skill you get at this level'.- The loot and armor/weapons system is surprisingly one of the most simple straightforward approaches to it, yet its rarely used. Have you ever asked yourself in a RPG/MMO, 'why cant I put this dumb shirt on' and the answer was because you weren't a cleric or whatever class it was for? Well, anything you loot (as far as Ive seen) you can equip it; the caviet is that the bonuses are more geared towards the class its meant for so while you may enjoy a huge AC jump on those pants for wearing a warrios pants as an archer, you aernt getting meaningful bonuses/stat increases from them because they are geared towards the stats a warrior uses. But you can still wear them!- Actual combat is straightforward. Bind attacks, do work. My issue outside of the too much zoom problem was that this game was basically, start at X and there are 2/3 people with quests. Go do those quests and move to the next spot, rinse/repeat. Ontop of this, the map you are fighting on isn't large; you have quest givers wanting you to check things out/kill problem mobs that are 20 steps away or go and check if my house is ok when the house is the equivalent of being a block away from the person. it made me want to call the NPC questgivers lazy azzes and made me wonder how they manage to get dressed in the morning.Overall, I want to like the game. I really do. That's why I'm doing this review in hopes that eventually things get being developed and/or that I am wrong about this later in the game and the zoom zooms out 5x as much, the game feels more challenging and I'm not running errands for people too lazy to go check the mailbox. The way it sits right now, it has potential, but there are game play issues like those I mentioned above that just makes me think twice about spending any real time playing or investing in grinding out gear because I've seen this all already."
76561198052485487,Recommended,463680,32951549,Posted: 28 June,all,elemmires,"Because of negative reviews I read before, I almost missed out on this game. When I discovered it was on sale, decided to try it out anyway.So far I have a few hours played on my lovely ranger and I'm really enjoying it!Here's a short review of my first impressionsThe GoodThe game has a very nice classic feel. It reminded me of the early days of MMO, quite a nostalgic experience :)The graphics and details are simply amazing. A very nice and detailed open world, storylines and much more to discover.No pay to win! Yes, there is a shop, but honestly there is nothing in there that puts me off or would consider game-changing.GoE is a mix of classic MMO's like Wow and action RPG's like Diablo, for me it's something fresh and new to discover after seeing copy after copy of the same concept.The gameplay and combat feels fresh and smooth.The people I met online have been very nice and helpful.The BadSame as other reviewers mentioned, GoE does need some polishing. Descriptions in the game could be better per example. Even for a seasoned MMO player like me it took me some time figuring things out.I'm not high level enough yet to try out everything!The UglyHard to write anything here yet. So far nothing really ugly crossed my path.Overall, Guardians of Ember seems to me a diamond in the rough. It definitely could use some polishing but we shouldn't forget that it is still in early access. Can't wait to discover more, back to game :)Recommended!"
76561198063518059,Recommended,463680,35156485,Posted: 23 September,all,Glenn Danzig,"Decent game, still a bit buggy but im sure it will be worked out....If you like diablo and mmo's like wow or everquest games, this is a pretty perfect mix."
,Recommended,463680,34977086,Posted: 15 September,all,Lliqht,"Pros:I like the dualclass system a lot. The fact that every class has energy- and physical attacks makes it awesome for character individualization. So you can basically do whatever you want the way you want it. Even ranged and melee combat isn't a hard choice, as every class supports both, based on the buildpath you take. That's what I like, because you basically just have to choose your main class based on the passives it provides and then do anything else later, as you learn the game and learn what you want to do. The game doesn't hold you back. Worst case would be if you can't make any use of any of the passives of your mainclass, but there are so many different routes to go that you will always find something you need. And yeah, the graphics are pleasant to look at aswell.Cons:The main problem is the playerbase really. That's a problem because you can't make much use of game features that require other players, like PvP. Another minor thing I think is quite confusing - but maybe it has a deeper thought that I didn't think of - is description consistency. An example are the words ""toxic"" and ""poison"". In the character creation it says poison, but in the attacks it's toxic. I know it's not horrible, but if a game has too much of tiny little consistency errors like this, it can become overwhelming over time.All in all this game is good enough for it's price and I enjoyed the playtime I had so far."
76561197998011710,Recommended,463680,28423090,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,DeAdLy,"I kinda ignored all the negative feedback and glad i didim a WoW Veteran played it 5y and played PoE 2y and played all the diablos and lotv other mmo,  rpgsi played it for some hours now and i really enjoy myself i see the potential in this game so far the lvlling is verry funthere is a marketplace with the option to pay real money or currency that u can earn by doing dailys to get backspace and skill, stats reset scrolls so there is an option to get those by doing dailys i have played 30+ hours and i almost got all the inventory space so they dont seem to go for ur money but what they will implement later on from what i read is cosmetics (costumes) for ur char to look cool wich u need to pay with real cash like in PoE but other then that u can enjoy the game like it is and its surely NOT Pay too winI also read the game was devoloped already by some asian company so it seems to b not original from the makers of  (Runes of Magic, Dragon's Prophet). but if they are planning to devolop it more from where the asian company ended then i wud say thumbs up from me.sry for the bad english not native language :)Kind regards"
76561198138568240,Not Recommended,463680,28402714,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,yemin.shcn,It was an online game on Taiwan market(烈焰战纪Embergarde CBT 27/03/2015). It was f2p game. Taiwan operation has stopped(closed on26/10/2016). TW official website is off-line too. It changed name and re-launched on steam.I have taken off my personal opinions of this game and leave it to other players make their own decisions.Below is the last announcement from TW oper about server closing and giving away steam keys. (from 巴哈姆特gamer.com.tw)【烈焰戰記】停止營運公告日期：2016-09-07　類別：綜合各位親愛的玩家您好，感謝大家一直以來對【烈焰戰記】的支持與鼓勵，【烈焰戰記】一路上因為有您的支持，讓我們更有動力去經營，希望能提供最好的遊戲內容及服務給玩家，但天下無不散的宴席，遊戲預計將於2016年10月26日上午09:00進行關閉，並停止營運服務，再次衷心感謝所有玩家對【烈焰戰記】的支持與愛護，謝謝。為了保障廣大用戶的權益，現將有關的時間安排及敬請注意的事項公佈如下：一、截止至2016年10月26日 上午9點，遊戲內有進行過儲值記錄的遊戲賬號可以將剩餘之遊戲點數以1:1的比例在Gamewaker平台上的遊戲進行使用二、為了保證玩家不必要的損失，【烈焰戰記】已在2016年09月07日上午12點停止新用戶註冊進入伺服器。三、玩家若有任何疑問，可透過官網線上客服回報系統、傳真等方式進行回報與詢問。營運團隊再次感謝期間所有支持【烈焰戰記】的玩家，也請玩家們繼續支持思維工坊發行的遊戲，並期待有再次為您服務的機會。思維工坊營運團隊敬上【烈焰戰紀】獲得Steam序號活動公告日期：2016-10-07　類別：活動親愛的玩家您好：【烈焰戰紀】將在Steam平台推出，並且由『Insel Games』負責代理，由於【烈焰戰紀】在Steam平台上需要購買序號才能開通資格進行遊戲，思維工坊為了感謝各位玩家對【烈焰戰紀】的支持，因此爭取了正式版的遊戲序號來贈送給大家。有興趣的玩家，可以透過線上客服系統進行申請。申請資格：Gamewaker正式會員，1個正式帳號代表1個申請資格申請格式：內容輸入『我想要烈焰戰記Steam版序號』個人信箱線上回報：連結申請時間將在2016/10/26 上午 00：00 截止，我們將抽出100組Mortal序號以及30組Immortal序號，抽獎結果將會在2016/10/28進行公告。
,Not Recommended,463680,28475142,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,unfilteredJW,"Yeah, we can't allow companies to keep charging us for a game, and then charging us for things like inventory space and reskills/specs. Just no. Refunded."
,Recommended,463680,28422409,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MeGa,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=819570158It was great to log in yesterday, and see a detailed post about this matter pop up, with those 5x skill respec and 5x stat respec scrolls, it's great!Also, after a few hours of gameplay, (not even level 15) I have been able to buy 3-4 inventory slot orbs, so far it's being pretty good and not any p2winny!(this was a forum post turned into review by demand xD proper review below)To sum up: I've played almost 5k hours on diablo 3, and own most of all the hack and slash games out there. This one is worth a try, because gameplay, graphic and feature-wise this game is not behind the best games of this genre.Taking part on public quests like in a traditional mmo, finding people to party with at the entrance of dungeons, and lots of people fishing (which do sometimes spawn monsters), or in the cities is a very cool addittion to this kind of games, which usually have online coop, but not a full mmo like this one.Example of mmo open quest, the ""typical merchant in trouble"". Very fun to do with unknown people:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=819015176I have absolutely no lag (europe) or fps issues, so that helps to the enjoyment of the game.So the final concern can be the cash shop included in the game. Is it p2w? I don't think so, if I find it to be p2w in future when I level up more I will edit this review; belive me: I hate any f2p, cash shop, microtransactions etc in a game. I buy tons of games and dlc's, but that's my limit, no cash shop items, boosters, outfits, pets: never!So far in this game, buying just the mortal edition (16€...xD) I got a fair share of ""cash shop items:I have a floating ""eye pet"" that loots items for me, and helps me not feeling any jealous of other's pets etc:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=819606936A 2 day horse mount (which will be expired today when I login back snif XD) which at least gave me a glimpse about the mounts, and not feel like the last idiot in the game that could only walk haha:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=819027205Also, there are chests at the end of dungeons etc, that require keys. They are said to be available in loot orbs, and that it can be p2w. I must still proof that at higher levels, but so far I am stocking a good amount of them. There are daily rewards that always give a good amount of them, so I see every day, without any grind, I will be able to open some chests etc:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=819573063And this is more or less my ""chaotic"" but done with the best intentions, review.I am not fanboying this game (or any, damn fanboys XD) and I was, on day one, tempted to refund this one over Wolcen (the only other b2p mmo hack and slash that looks good to me) but after playing the game and enjoying it, I wanted to keep this one without any doubt.Your experience may change ( fps / lag are important) but so far I am enjoying this game and hoping it will grow!"
76561198036026583,Recommended,463680,35193608,Posted: 24 September,all,EternalBliss,"Fun for what it is, don't  expect much of it though, it's still in early development(?) it seems, with some bugs here and there.The potential to be a decent hack 'n slash looter is there, the question is if they'll handle this the right way.Right now i wouldn't say this is worth the 20€ (even with the 33% off), because it's still too early in its phases.Buy at your own risk, the only way to truly judge this game is if you play it."
76561198026922157,Recommended,463680,28488934,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Sveeh,"In the current early access state, the game offers plenty to do for a while and the pricetag isn't too bad, given that it is in no shape or form P2W and hopefully stays away from that route.I believe the game will turn out great by the impressions given on the early access."
76561198067182092,Not Recommended,463680,29728939,Posted: 5 February,all,aMoodyPube,"Doesn't really offer anything new that all the current similar games have that are free/b2p.The only thing i do like is being able to meet players anywhere, although at the moment there is only a few dozen people playing which is dissapointing so it's very far & few between seeing anyone.I would prefer it if this game was f2p with the option to buy a premium account & upgrade the f2p account, maybe this would get more people interested.Gameplay was very smooth though at the time i had it & was playing it, solid fps.I've refunded the game & i will look at coming back to it at a later date if they implement anything that would encourage me to come back that other games of this genre don't have to offer."
,Not Recommended,463680,29724184,Posted: 5 February,all,Akasi,Nothing new or special here. You are better off getting one of the similar free to play titles that are polished. I waited for a long time for this game to come out. I really wanted this to be a great game but its nothing more than a free to play title with a $20 price tag. You hold down an attack and thats about the extent of it. Grind for..?
,Recommended,463680,33789731,Posted: 25 July,all,The Horn,"So I've only made it to lvl 17 on one character.I see myself investing lots of time into this game.Good: Really interesting class systemBad: Items feel more like stat sticks, no real point to use a certain weapon type over another, light armor feels pointless because of the massive defense increase from heavy armor.Good: Dungeons are satisfying to run.Bad: Every so often you will run into a situation where a monster has decided to walk into the terrain and you cannot attack them, but they can attack you. This is resolved by just repositioning.Good: Housing system, I've already spent 1/10th of my game time just playing around with this. If you enjoy building a personalized house then you will be very satisfied with this feature.Bad: Some skills feel pointless compared to other options.Good: You can obtain anything in the cash shop from simply playing the game. I've only played for 10 hours and I've already been able to buy(with in game obtained currency) enough loot orbs to almost max out my inventory. Plus I got lucky with the founders orbs (given to those that purchase early access) so I already have a permanent pet and mount.Bad: Currently not many people playing, so it feels like a single player game.Good: Large world to explore, the world map isnt very detailed but I highly recommend using the TAB map that shows the layout of your current area.Bad: Energy Potions have a 1 minute cooldown, I find this excessive.***Will write more in-depth review as I get more hours under my belt."
76561197985488182,Recommended,463680,35207646,Posted: 25 September,all,Driak,"Pros- Satisfying combat, if you like slower pace- Lots of skill combination possibilities- Change secondary class any time- Secondary class has its own level and skill points- Variety of enemies (I like the huge ones)- Pleasant graphics- Bosses have different mechanics- Mounts- Housing and pets- Awesome community that appears to be growing- Discord channel is active- Very involved dev/publisher teamCons- Not many players (yet, hopefully)- Lacks some polish in some aspects- Maps are mostly linearFYI- Contrary to what some are saying, this game wasn't purchased from another company.  The current developer is the creator and owner.- The game may have been discontinued in another market (that's what I read), but that doesn't mean it sucks.  Different markets have different tastes, and some markets might already be flooded with certain types of games.  This isn't a turn-off for me.If you enjoyed Sacred 2 in a way that you couldn't quite put your finger on, a more simple and relaxed kind of enjoyment, then this game might be for you.If you sometimes feel other action RPGs are a little too fast-paced, with health pools radically dropping and rising, this game might be for you.If you're able to look past a few flaws and still enjoy a game, this game might be for you.I was on the fence about getting this game, but I'm glad I did.  As others have pointed out, it could use some polish in a few areas, but I still find the game extemely enjoyable.Both Sacred 2 and Runes of Magic gave me a similar, peaceful feeling of exploration and advancing.  Both games had their rough edges, but there was a certain charm about them that made them uniquely fun to play.I think it's unfair to compare GoE to PoE or other ARPGs.  GoE, in my opinion, is intended to be slower pace, lean closer to the MMO genre, and elicit a completely different feeling from the player.None of the bugs I've encountered have been breaking.  I'll sometimes have to release the mouse button and press again to start attacking in a different direction, or my spell doesn't make contact when it seems it should.  It happens rarely, though.I hope they can smooth out those minor annoyances.  And if they could add a little more ""oomph"" to the non-crit hits, that would make the combat a bit more thrilling.  The crits are good, though.  The sound effects are decent, and pieces go flying everywhere.  Very satisfying.I like that they have the ""holy trinity"" setup like a traditional MMORPG.  Tank classes have aggro skills, etc.  I haven't done any grouping yet, but I'm interested to see how well it plays out with the ARPG blend.Overall, it's totally worth the price tag for me."
,Recommended,463680,31962445,Posted: 25 May,all,Grunge[MPK],"This game have two flaws to me, the rng behind mounts and pets, and maybe the gameplay, combat and character speed should be a little faster.Overall its a great game, very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,463680,29413442,Posted: 21 January,all,Chinspinner,"I have played quite a few hours now, and I am slightly bemused by the mixed reviews... don't get me wrong, the game is mediocre, but it is fun, and there is nothing fundamentally negative about it that would tip me over into a thumbs down... anyway, pros and cons:PROSgood graphicsNice aesthetic and build customisationFun(ish) combatA nice world to explore.Relatively casualCONSUnfathomable skill/ eqip advancement... I mean it is superficially straight forward- but try min-maxing.... who the ♥♥♥♥ knows what does what better than what?Repetitive gameplaySluggish controls and getting stuck in anaimations- also a dodge would be so usefulLack of contentVery linearThat's it."
,Recommended,463680,28854701,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NoUsernameException,"+ Customization+ Multiples races+ Multiples classes and combination+ Great graphic+ Diverse and interesting skills + spells (even if somes are really generic)+ Housing+ Jobs+ Fast paced+ Nice (young) community+ No latency (since the NA server)+ Unique areas and monsters+ Not pay to win: You can get mount, inventory expansion, skills / attributes reset and revives by either using real money or using achievement currency, which are really easy to obtain and doesn't make you stronger./ Meh story/ Graphical bug/ Healer doesnt received XP (but is currently getting fixed by the dev)/ PVP (unable to join yet)/ Interesting mobs but lack special ability- Stairs or uneven terrain are evil in this game- Buggy UI- Feel a little bit linear- Poor Hitbox** / = mixed feeling **Yes, the game is in early developpement and it's not comparable to D3, GD or PoE, but the game has really strong potential and the devs are quite responsive.*EDITED*"
76561197993568822,Not Recommended,463680,31404709,Posted: 27 April,all,Rishar,"I know it's early access...but for a game coming out of early access soon, the game should not be made unplayable due to incorrect resolutions.  I had set it to 1920x1080 Borderless Full, restarted the game, it went back to 1080 but all the menu items were still placed like it was 1920x1080.  I couldn't even access the settings to change anything after that.  So, this review is before getting to really play it...I understand it needs work, but if I can't even play it to give a decent review...I can only review what little I've been able to experience."
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,463680,28355994,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Public Service AnnouncementGame: Guardians of EmberUpdate Version: December 13th ReleaseDisclosure: The game copy was bought by the reviewer.Game Footage:https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LDbYZrqwSq8Originally released under the name Embergarde, this Diablo-esqe MMORPG has finally made it to Steam following three technical trial runs. The game currently features five classes, four races, Acts 1 and 2, housing and plenty of dungeons that can easily be soloed. The secondary class system is also available along with the crafting and guild systems. It is refreshing to see an early access game release with this amount of content out of the gate (granted it is primarily a localization effort), but every early access game is bound to have issues . Hopefully this PSA can shed some light on some of these issues that have unfortunately made it difficult to recommend at this time.Latency is the Achilles' Heel right now and is going to very from person to person. The server location is outside of the United States (last I looked, it was in Asia) and with the increase in players the issues are only going to get worse. This is due to some unforeseen circumstances, but the end result has left the server riddled with spikes, hit detection delays, and movement stutter. It has also made combat suffer by means of input stalls.Crashing is also a common occurrence that mainly struck during the random field events that spawn periodically. It also made an appearance in the first red dungeon the third blue dungeon and while exploring the slums of the main city. It starts off as a three to five second freeze and suddenly closes out completely. Considering how well my system was able to maintain a stable FPS (which I admit is rare for early access games), I have a hunch this might be due in part to the latency problems.Combat itself feels rather lackluster, which falls back to the simple nature of the skill system. Left mouse, right mouse and buttons 1-4 have their own unique skills assigned to them and can be changed by unlocking different variations of the primary attack type using skill points. The problem is in the dull, sluggish execution of most of these attacks. Clicking the enemy can more often result in an attack shooting off into a different direction than the clicked target or even activate twice possibly due to the input stalls. Certain skills are also unreliable due to possible misconfigurations with their targeting style.It doesn't help that the gear is mostly uninteresting stat alterations that result in gear having unaffiliated, useless traits for what should be apparent upgrades. Enemy types are also incredibly bland for the first ten zones with quests merrily placed along linear map layouts with little exploration on offer. It all feels incredibly unrefined and produces encounters that ultimately become short, encumbered AoE spams. This is also problematic when the hit range for enemies tends to be larger due to the latency delay, which makes it easier for melee to land hits from a greater distanceMovement through certain areas is hindered by visible pathing issues made worse by the fixed direction of the maps. While it is easier to move using WASD, the problem still occurs when maneuvering up stairs, along certain areas in dungeons and in between tight spaces such as barricades and object corners. Characters would often times run along the path, only to suddenly move in the opposite direction or get stuck momentarily before resuming their movement. This makes soloing dungeons much more difficult and at times feels tied to the previously mentioned latency issues.Guardians of Ember feels like a free to play game at the end of the day, which is not a terrible notion. It provides a simple clicker based action RPG that is decent enough to be manageable, when it works. Level 30 is the current end point for the game and offers little content past it, which is expected given the last few acts are still being localized. There are random events that happen on the field, similar to the way Fates work in Final Fantasy 14, battleground style PvP and dueling to keep things interesting. It is just a shame the game's technical issues prove too much and make participating in most of these features frustrating. Hopefully when the server is fixed and the gameplay gets polished up the entertainment value will rise, but for now it might be best to avoid the Goblin conflict for other stronger campaigns.This has been a EAW PSAAdditional Point Unrelated to Technical ProblemsI will go ahead and claim this is the only part of this segment that contains a bias. An in-game store is functional and while the items are limited to the loot orbs granted by both versions of the game, it still feels out of place. The game was originally a free to play title, which might explain why this function is still active in its' pay to play state. The loot orbs can also be bought using coins gained from completing certain achievements and dailies (which are tied to the achievements), so there is at least an alternative to gaining the item. It is a minor gripe that might not concern everybody, but I felt it was necessary to mention it. Micro-transactions are going to be an issue regardless of what state a game is in, but for early access, the focus should be getting the game out the door.Loot orbs also present an issue similar to other games that feature loot crates. These orbs award permanent mounts, pets, skill resets (that are crucial after level 25) and other one time use items such as the revive potions. These orbs are the only way to gain a lot of these items and the in-game substitute for mounts are limited time uses."
76561198048949173,Not Recommended,463680,35404116,Posted: 1 October,all,Colonel Gentleman,"I waited for this to leave Early Access before I purchased it, hoping whatever bugs or issues it had would be ironed out, but that seems to not be the case. I am experiencing horrendous frame drops playing at 1920x1080. I've tried turning off everything I can, setting everything to low, playing in windowed mode, updated drivers, etc, but no matter what, I still go from between 50-60 FPS to below 30 when attacking enemies. Hilariously, as of today, you can see an aproximation of what I'm talking about in the GIF on the store page (the first one below the FEATURES section).The game does have some bugs and other issues, but nothing that completely ruined the experience. Another gripe is the fact that the base game is very stingy when it comes to storage space and customization options, that require additional purchases to unlock. I get it, but it's still a little excessive.Although the game isn't full of original ideas, I was having fun with it. The dual-class system is done well, and gives you lots of options to shape your build. If the performance issues were fixed, I would go back and maybe spend a little more money on it. Until then, I won't be playing it anymore.If you want to try it, buy the base game on sale and see if it runs well on your system. Otherwise, you might want to wait."
,Not Recommended,463680,29385060,Posted: 20 January,all,Fierce,"Nothing new here I'm afraid, even though the developers try to make it sound like it. It's being advertised as being an arpg with mmo features, but that doesn't really mean anything. The idea is interesting but I would rather play Torchlight or Van helsing any day of the week. They are engaging, rewarding and graphically wonderful. Even Grim dawn feels revolutionary compared to this.You could try to argue that it's early access, but I'm talking about the core parts of the game. The dialogue feels old, the scenery repetitive and the awards are horrible. I hardly even notice when I level which shouldn't be the case. I want to strive for something, and I want to have a goal to aim for. I can't see it.Hopefully it will get better, but it will now be deleted."
,Recommended,463680,28419181,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Lacouture,"got it today , liked it a lot , good playing , its kinda laggy tho due the server location , but i love this game.to me is really enjoyable to playdont get why it gets bad reviews , its a really good game."
,Recommended,463680,33821846,Posted: 26 July,all,stormiesttub,"Guadians Of Ember-------------------Well they say it is a mix of WoW and the Big D ( Diablo that is you pervs), however that is not the case and for a good reason to.Its more a of Titan Quest/ Grim Dawn Meets Guild Wars 2.I have not spent a lot of time in the game, but 3ish hours sitting at level 11 i feel as though i got an ok Taste to leave a review.( yes i know there is muuch more i have to explore)  I would like to start this off with the negatives becuase the Devs are very active so I want to make sure they see the dislikes.NEGATIVES1)  Loot - What the hell is going on here? there is WAY to much, i never thought i would say that about an ARPG but i did, Your Bag will be full in a matter of minutes, which makes for constant trips town, and no with stash (atleast not one that i could find) , and no crafting until later levels , it becomes a chore.2) Gear- again what the hell is going on here? Like some other reviews its just very hard to understand and very confusing for new players, Im sure this could be simplified in a number of ways,- lower level gear should be just your average attack/defense with slight buffs- mabye add a gearing tutorial that shows players why they should use light or heavy ( just when you pick up yourfirst )- add another gearing tutorial about the buffs they offer ( again just when you pick up your first one)3) Basic attack- I strongly feel your Basic attack SHOULD NOT have a cool down but it is done right by being a resoucre builder.4) Skill Tree- PLEASE GET RID OF THE FULLSCREEN! for a game that can not be paused this is very very annoying.5) Map- ( not the mini ) This map is 100% usless! It does not show current location or objectives it is just a pretty screen6) Mounts- While i love the mounts, We need a mount hot key( nevermind this has been added) slotting it into the side bar just does not do it for me.7) The launcher - I really wish we could get rid of it.8) [edit] The WASD control is very akward, wish it was just a movement key that follows the cursor9) Chat bubbles- they tend to clutter the screen and get in the wayTHE GOOD1) Its is a beautiful game! and runs smoothly for me.2)  Being able to zoom in and out freely3) Toon customization - you dont see this to often in ARPGs4) Easy to Pick up hard to put down, countless hours of fun5) I love the dungeon system6) Lots of skills and points make for a truly unique build7) Questing and leveling dosent feel like a chore, there is no i need to rush to max level to enjoy the game, which is a nice touchAfter Finishing Season 11 in D3, this game is 100% filling the void, and i would truly love to see this game give blizzard a run for their money.Its a ton of fun and i am highly enjoying my self, and at the end of the day thats what truly matters.Would recommend this title to anyone who likes Arpgs, i would even receommend to hardcore D2 fan.on Sale at $14.99 is an amazing price, for a solid game,(PS  Sorry im better at ♥♥♥♥♥ing than i am at complementing.)"
76561198010349664,Not Recommended,463680,29164906,Posted: 10 January,all,Volki,"If you REALLY love ARPG's, but played all the good ones to exhaustion you may just enjoy this, if not don't bother.Graphics are far from good.Crashes regularly, about once per hour.Runs acceptable if not for the 2-5 sec freezes sometimes.Translation is pretty bad in some parts.Questtracker is aweful.Many small annoying things.Overall seems like one of the games where the developers never seem to try their own game.Also the developers are pretending that the game has no P2W when the purchaseable loot orbs can even give increased loot potions."
76561198116333744,Recommended,463680,35154383,Posted: 23 September,all,grghein,"been playing for 2 days now, very fun game.,if you like dioblo you will love this game. runs great awsome game play and very nice to watch for hours. never review before but had to give this a great one. i have played all the new hack n slash for the last ten years and this is by far the best! well i should say i played them all since the first Diablo. Great games like this are very rare, you can tell they put alot of work into it! I hope the programers keep up the great work. And if they do this game will be around for lond time.Try it"
,Recommended,463680,33325746,Posted: 6 July,all,Batroel,"Highly recommended game if you like Diablo, Torchlight, etcIt has lot of activites like fishing, mining, planting, alchemy... and you can ask to get your food when you have a house, also you can have some fun with friends doing dungeons with extra difficulty to obtain better items.I found some problems like the lack of storage when you are low level (you have to wait to get a proper storage when you get a house) also you will miss the default attack that doesn't use energy (you can do it if you remove the skill icon in the primary skill button) and the skills can be a bit repetitive at the beginning.But the fact I liked the most is that finally female elves can have HUGE b**bs and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥booty :P"
76561197988921426,Not Recommended,463680,29974632,Posted: 16 February,all,Stalker,"This game is bad... it is graphically better than D3, but the animations are clunky and not smooth, combat is something I would expect on a mobile game, cut scenes tear (might be my computer), music and sound effects are poor, no narration, i mean wow this game is really really bad."
76561197985763775,Recommended,463680,28673567,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gungaden,"Purchased two copies for the wife and I. We really like what this game has to offer and the potential it may have coming down the road with development. It is much like a Diablo game, the combat is fun, the character progression has kept our interest. It is also fun to play this style game and see other players in the same zone with you providing the chance to be social and group up!The Story is okay, nothing mind blowing. We like the fact that some of the dungeons are simple with a boss, but then there are also some with multiple bosses complete with mechanics. Mounts, Pets, and Housing all A+!!From our few hours of gameplay it seems like there is a lot of content for an EA game. We are in NA and had to roll on a EU server, but they did say that a NA server should be incoming very soon. Will be happy to reroll and play on that server and continue playing this game."
76561198033160231,Not Recommended,463680,31897724,Posted: 22 May,all,Skull - Max,Sorry but i would rather spend 5$ more and purchase GrimDawn or play PoE for free. This game is basically a bad version compared to both of the previous mentioned games. The combat feels weird and it's way to easy/boring.I'm a huge RPG fan but this game killed me within less than 5 hours. It just feels wrong.Save your money guys.
,Not Recommended,463680,31358286,Posted: 25 April,all,HexaDroid,"It's very very rough. I would not recommend it at this point. Not even for free.There is barely any way to customize the UI.Any graphical settings that you change won't save so you are stuck on low/medium (Yes I tried many fixes, none worked).Controls are clunkyetc etc ... It's alpha state."
,Not Recommended,463680,33957340,Posted: 1 August,all,Matrim Cauthon,"I want to like this game, truly I do, but they're several things that simply ruin the experience for me.-Combat-the lack of feedback on hit during combat is awfully dull-skill animations are nothing special-classes are horribly unbalanced-enemies have no reaction to being hit either-skills do not feel unique or interesting-Skills/Skill Tree-linear skill upgrades-poor upgrade choices-minor skill choices seem like they were thrown in simply to add come sort of content vs adding value-the stat upgrade system is the only redeeming factor for skills-Dungeons-require keys to obtain loot after killing a boss-""free"" loot drops are garbageI feel like I'm just ranting at this point. I bought the game while it was on sale, and I still do not believe it was worth the price. The game is early access and stuffed with micro transactions, poor combat mechanics, a dead community, all in all I can not reccommend this game."
76561197993813391,Recommended,463680,28681164,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Suikoden,"If you were around to enjoy the original Neverwinter Nights or the Baldur Gate series, this is the MMO for you.  More MMO that ARPG, it has a sphisticated charm about it that will appeal to the MMORPG player.  There are a lot of systems in this game, and although at first it might seem very deep, those systems open up to you as you play.  The graphics are very good for this type of a game.  If you can turn them all up to max, I recommend you do so.  In fact, graphics go hand in hand with art style, and the cities and landscapes are immersive; which to MMORPG players is an important element.  The dungeons are fun and as you level you will have an option to run solo or whith a group for better rewards.  At end game you'll what to get in a good guild and run together.I recommend giving this game a shot if you are a fan of both MMORPGs and ARPGs.  It's not a fast paced as Path of Exile, for example, but it's not instanced either.  So as you roam the world you will run into other people in which you can join together to tackle public quests, without actually having to form a group.The skill system is in depth, and you can really customize the character you want to play.  Unfortunately I don't see this appealing to a ton of millenials, but the game has a strong community already, and I can see it being a sleeper hit for many years to come."
76561198205216027,Not Recommended,463680,35463132,Posted: 3 October,all,why84713,"6.7/10So far I have gotten to level 17 with my first char in this game. It's a decently fun game, but I actually had to stop playing after I cleared 1 of the dungeons because the hitbox issues and tiny little items on the floor that's hard to pick up. There are also graphic issues that other aRPGs share with environmental clipping mobs making them invincible as well as a pillar in the foreground that blocks the view of a gorup of mobs and stuff like that. I'd suggest have a faster dissolve of the walls and doorways and such.The Dual class system is good, but then I wouldn't really want to restart a new char to try a new combination because that first 15 levels of questing was extremely tedious and not all that intuitive. You are sent all over the map trying to do quests while mobs are packed everywhere with a pretty quick respawn timer. I'd hack n' slash for like 10 levels, and then just end up running pass the mobs afterwards. In the traditional non-MMO style aRPG, the mobs don't respawn unless you reset the instance, and in a MMO, the mobs are spread out a more sparsely to allow people to travel, but this game took those two elements and try to smoosh them together.....It just became a game that doesn't give you any downtime (to even clear your inventory or upgrade skills),  and wasting all the killing on trashmobs that really drop nothing useful.Also the quest rewards are really lacklustered. If the gear drop from the dungeon is higher than the quest reward, then either tune the quest reward higher or the dungeon drop quality lower."
,Not Recommended,463680,35428910,Posted: 2 October,all,Blackwolfe,"I'm really trying to like this game but it's not easy. Animations feel really stiff and the skills feel a bit meh. Also the way you gather vital resources for crafting feels kind of crappy, I mean I usually enjoy crafting in games but in this game crafting is incredibly boring. Dungeons are not great so far and the housing/sprite system feels half-arsed.I will struggle for a bit longer to see if I can get to a point where it actually gets fun, but right now it's not.As for bugs, I have not run across any as far as I know so in that regard it's good I guess."
76561198160955082,Recommended,463680,35238763,Posted: 27 September,all,Zukokku,"Hello! I'm pretty ""experienced"" semi-hardcore but very min-maxing liking ARPG player writing my first review :)I've purchased game cuz it's released and was pretty cheap and so far i've totally Had my fun for the money i spend.Eveything what's written is based on my opinion and the experience i had with the game so far.The game is surely wasn't made for casual players, but also it's not as ""hard"" to understand as it seems at the first glance, i believe this is caused by the random stat(except weapon Damage) itemisation system the game uses, which is pretty similiar to the Diablo 3 in it's release era (prior to patch 1.0.4) but not as bad as it was back then due to one great future which devs(thx god) provided called ""Enchanting"" which allows you to re-roll stats if you're unfamiliar with it from other games.In the beggining game feels very slow compared to the like's of D3 or PoE in the endgame builds :) This also is caused by the itemisation system which i mentioned earlier, add to that lack of good clearing skills on earlier levels on the most of classes, needless to say if you can survive in such enviroment for the first few hours the game will reaaally open up @around ~17-23sh lvl's and will start becoming more like traditional arpg's where you make few hits, destroy the pack of mobs, and move on to the next ones. Properly using ""Enchantment"" feature to re-roll trash stats into good ones on early gear you'l find, speed's up that process alot.Some text about skill system : it has pretty good design, but suffers alot from most of the skills (i would say around 60%) being straight up garbage, ~20% are very good and another 20% could be efficient in group play, currently this is the weakest aspect of the game by far, which really needs attention imo.Truth to be told it's made even worse due to passive stat boosts, which is provided in the skill ""lanes"" due to ""Demon"" being in them which i believe... must be exorcised :)  As it's stated in the Holy Book ""knowing the Demons true name gives you control over it"" and the demons name in this case is the ""Critical hit chance +0.5%"". That is just disgunstingly OP and unbalanced to the point it is better than any other stat u can find there by atleast twice amount O_O That Demon's power renders every skill lane where it is present to be maxed out w/o even looking at skills that lane provides and honestly that is just sad.I didn't find game to be 'clunky' like some people say, but it feels like there is some kind of undrlying server issue where server sometimes does not register your hits (either it's caused by ping or ""server/client sync tick rate""), most of the online games(i think) adress those problems by chunk of netcode called ""lag compensation"" to prevent this but in this game it feels like there's none and that thing i would say is more negative than positive one.Another aspect which requires some attention of devs is the Professions, which is for now atleast - completely useles. They does not provide you with anything and grinding for gear is much better/faster/etc option than trying to craft it.That being said, i still liked the game much more than i expected to, it's totally not perfect and has the room for improvement but it's a good game with potential to become great one in future, i would rate it 8-/10 right now and will hope it becomes better in the aspects i've mentioned while still enjoying playing it."
76561198007474004,Recommended,463680,35238149,Posted: 27 September,all,raptshar,"Hi everybody.I really like the game ... Ok, just played it for about 17h. Tested the classes and got a little bit into the story. It is by far not perfect but i enjoy it. I like all the small dungeons and its cartoonish art style. And i´m happy that you got housing in the game. Its a feature i really miss in most rpg games nowadays. But dont get me wrong ... There has to be a fair amount of polishing to be done in the game. But i played many games in my life who were way more expensive than GoE and a lot worse. i think the 30€ are a fair price. If you get it on a sale it is definitly worh to buy. Out of a sale ...it is on you if you want to spend the money. I did ...and i dont regred it."
76561198022652909,Recommended,463680,35243650,Posted: 27 September,all,Futz(XinOx),"I think the game has alot of potencial, and i enjoy playing despite some bugs. I still dont understand why we cant see our own name/guild/title, i mean whats the point of the title if i cant even see it?The traveling also seems a bit wierd. Some UI aspects could be also reworked for better, like the mouse buttons skill slots, i think they should be a bit more separated from the other skills(1,2,3,4,etc) visually, so that we can better identify the skills, i keep thinking my skil on 1 is my left mouse click.Hope it becomes better because the game is worth it!i also think you guys should invest a bit in the cashop and add some costumes."
76561197967564555,Not Recommended,463680,29270745,Posted: 15 January,all,Dork,"Floaty, laggy, grindy, buggy. It's early access, but this game is going nowhere."
76561198119330119,Not Recommended,463680,29483496,Posted: 25 January,all,stefan2001,"awful combat system (stuck+lag+not sync mobs and client), better wait for full release"
,Not Recommended,463680,29433208,Posted: 22 January,all,uncleistvan,"It is 'one of those Asian MMORPGs'. Very grindy gameplay and a character creation screens with adjustable chest size. It also makes use of many free2play mechanics, so do not expect it to be a complete game.Gameplay also feels laggy. And there isnt enough feeback (sound) when enemies are hit and killed. So you keep wasting energy on attack while monsters are already dead. What also annoys me is the way health potions only work as HoTs."
,Not Recommended,463680,28348925,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Tuxedo Mask,"I can't recommend this game. Currently, it's an abysmal experience with the lag. The servers are primarily hosted in EU but they say they have critical issues with it so they switched to a Taiwan server for the moment. Their EU servers are the same servers they've delayed the game for 2 months to test and fix for the EA launch but it's clearly done them no good. A quote I like refer to by one of the mods/devs.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYes, the servers should be more than enough to handle the launch. We spent many many days optimizing the servers given what happened during the 1st test!But, crazier things have happened so nothing is ever impossible. :)Well the impossible happened but really it wasn't an impossible situation at all, it was 100% bound to happen because I find this company to be incompetent. Maybe they'll bounce back, who knows. It's only been 2 days so far but with the failure of the 2 months of delays I don't see myself looking back at this game in the future.Now on to my issues with the actually game.It feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥asian mmo. With the currently lag issues my character had trouble registering attack commands; they would be delayed by a second or 2, the attacks would go in a direction registered several seconds ago over the current direction I'm trying to register, enemy attacks would hit me when I'm no where near them making kiting pointless, and I've rubberbanded back miles behind from where I was 2 times causing me to have to run all the way back to my original location. I like playing a caster in these types of games but it just wasn't going to happen.The skills felt very lackluster as well. It's nice that each skill has a few different tiers that make the skill function differently but it doesn't matter if the skills don't feel powerful or have that ""that was awesome!"" effect. I was constantly resetting my skills trying everything to find that one skill to make me want to continue but there was nothing.And lastly the world is very stale and stagnant. Nothing moves. Nothing feels alive. All enemies stand still until attacked or until you run close by to them.The only positive things I have about the game are the way the skill trees are done and the aesthetics of the game(besides the skills).If you have the game and enjoy it that's good for you. I'm glad you are having a pleasant experience. But for me I just can't give any more time to this game and I have no faith left for the game's future."
76561197983716426,Not Recommended,463680,28351150,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Medusa,"how anyone can play this piece of garbage? its not even an hack and slash game, diablo is hack and slash path of exile is grim down is, this is 1 direction go go game. quest kill quest kill quest kill asian fail browser typo of game. and it also has a cash shop on top of it how rude. don't get this piece of garbage."
76561198228252480,Recommended,463680,31823020,Posted: 18 May,all,Khalel,"This game looks pretty good at this actual state, it's enjoyable and it has been improved recently with some latest patch correcting bugs and crashes.I've been playing Diablo 3 since launch and i do still play that game occasionally, doing a comparison with the 2 i'd say that Guardians of Ember is what diablo 3 should have been graphically talking (concerning the graphic, this game is way above the avarage of other games of this category), about the gameplay they're pretty much the same, i must admit though that diablo 3 still a bit more fast peaced concerning fights and action in general, but since this game gets improved steadly i do believe that devs will take care of this aswell. Again not a big gap between the 2, as it is right now i enjoy the gameplay and it's at a right spot, just it can be even better.About customization, well it has way more options than Diablo 3, so the point goes clearly for this game. You can assign attribute points as you wish, you can assign skill points wherever you want, you can combine your main class with a secondary of any other avaiable thus opening way more options for character's builds and skill combinations, and unlikley diablo 3, a lot of them do work efficiently so the choice is pretty wide. You can also switch your secondary class with another one at a free cost, you'll keep the skill points and levels gained on your current secondary class, just in case you want to go back to your previous class without starting all over again. Of course you can't use/benefit of a non selected secondary class skills, that goes without saying. So, once you reach the level cap on a class, you can start levelling up another one, thus you can unlock every possible combo of class skills on a single character (the only difference will be made by your main class, your main class has passive skills aswell, which are not avaiable for any secondary class that you choose, so when you create a new character you have to keep in mind that: your passive skills are based on your main class, that's it).About itemization, items roll with random affixes and random values (i.e. crit dmg xxx to xxx, hit rating  xxx to xxx, etc.), but the cool part is that there is a rune system where you can combine them into an item thus increasing the power and adding more stats/affixes on it.Another cool thing is that any class can use/wear any kind of item available ingame without any type of restriction (right now i got a Knight/dark knight using a 2h heavycrossbow on a Whirlwind crit build, i just changed the appearance of the weapon to look like a 2h sword, so basically, the animation and the aesthetic is of a 2h sword. For those wondering why i'm using a crossbow and not a real sword or axe/hammer, well because right now it is the best weapon that i've found so far, but as i said doesn't matter at all as you can change the appearance of any item slot to look like whatever you want... even a knight wearing heavy plate armor to look like a caster with robes).Items may be enchanted aswell. increasing the overall stats and armor/damage on them, aswell as you can reroll one bad affix similar to what you can do in Diablo 3.There's a craft system aswell, it's not some over complicated system, just a regular one where you choose your main profession and farm mats (there are a lot of them), so you can craft armors, weapons, potions, etc. (i heard that the best weapons like the legendary ones are obtainable trough the craft system, not sure tho, i'm not that far yet into the weaponsmith profession).There's also a private housing system, where you can place your own main house and start to collect furnitures to put in there. You can recruit NPCs that will work and help you with the craft professions, so they'll farm some mat aswell while you're out doing anything else.The other functions are similar to other MMO/aRPG games: Random pubblic events spawning across the world areas to complete in solo or with other players where you kill/do stuff in order to gain rewards, a guild system where you play togheter with others and level it up to unlock some beneficial skill for everyone, characters are capable of riding mounts so you move faster outside the world, there's a compendium system where you can get cards dropped by every mob and to add them to your collection, the more you get the more stats bonues you'll receive. And finally the typical achievement system where you unlock them to gain titles and/or items.Right now the PvP ranked system is not yet implemented, apart from training/custom matches. The PvP items vendors are present tho, so it's a matter of time on adding it i guess.A fast recap:Pros- High level of customization for characters (both, gameplay and aesthetics);- Cool dual class system;- many things to collect and to do while they add the real end game (horde mode for PVE, which is coming soon and a PVP ranked system);- A very good graphic engine and cool musics.Cons- At the beginning it may feel a bit slow, gameplay and visually speaking (the first zones and/or levels, due of slow attack animations as your attack/casting speed is not high enough to prevent that. Once you reach a certain level that goes away naturally);- While the musics are in a very good shape, the sound effects must be improved (attacks sound effects, skills sound effects, mobs dying sound effects and mounts steps sound effects. This con is not a top priority of things to do for sure but if they improve this part of the game, it will feel a lot better i believe);- Some minor bug here and there._Khalel."
,Not Recommended,463680,28352583,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,BlackboaGaming,"I purchased this game with high expectations because I was in need of an ARPG to fill my streaming schedule.  So I purchased this game and I was dissappointed for a very HUGE reason.They messed up the Action Combat in the ARPG.  The combat feels clunky.  You click to attack and it takes nearly a second for the server to respond to your commands.  If they would have gotten this portion of the game right, I may have given it more of a chance but 2 hours in game is all I could bare with this terrible combat system.Let me know if you ever fix it, otherwise, I shall never play this game again."
76561197970940668,Not Recommended,463680,28409355,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,HeInZ,"Game feels clunky, Combat is like it has been ported back from 1999 arpg´s, servers cant handle anything, the lag is everywhere.... if you run over a potion or gold it takes sometimes about 4-5 secs till it gets picked up. same with npc´s they hit  in the back but on your screen your like 2-3 character size away from the npc..... i dont get it why so many ppl defend this game.... if you say something in global chat about the game performance you get white knighted like a boss.....i know its ""early access"" but if you look behind the game you know that it isnt. it is probably a new form of cash grab try here. the game died where it was f2p now its b2p and today i got a mail ingame that explains that the players now have to spend ""shop money"" to buy reset scrolls if you want to respec.... now i see ppl scream already ""WRONG YOU GET 1 RESPEC FROM A DAILY QUEST"" ....... srsly who cares, in an real ARPG i want to respec if i want. especially if it is B2P....rant over, game deinstalled.dont waste your money , i did"
76561198161727612,Not Recommended,463680,29740729,Posted: 6 February,all,SaintPhillip,"Well I recieved my first ever ban from Steam!!! And 'Big Pun', dont bother lifting this ban-Lets talk about Guardians of Ember- Well, first lets talk about the Forums ,because you are probably looking at these reviews and trying to decide if the game's worth it, see the reviews are 'mixed' and may next try to get a feel for the forums or to  ask questions.The Forums are highly censored by a PR company which runs this game- They have the ""Dev"" tag but theyre not Devs- This is being operated by PR and Marketing guys and all the actual coding (i.e. the dev work) is done off site and not even through this company...But more on that later.In the last 2 weeks several entire threads have been deleted where someone had come here and asked ""Is it worth it?"" which is a very subjective question but the community came in and gave fantastic constructive feedback as to why most of us thought this game was not worth it- The gist was that this game has tons of potential (it does) and could be great (it could) but at the rate of fixes and development for an already developed game (again, we will get to that because this company is releasing this game into EA after it had already been released overseas long ago and failed) which is lacking everything an MMORPG needs, is clunky and needs too much work right now to justify the cost- Most even said ""put it on your wishlist and keep checking back and see how this pans out""- That was my feeling as well.Well, evidently the PR people decided this thread wasnt helping sales and deleted it... This is common around here with threads and posts being deleted... So, another post popped up ""Is it worth it?"" and that one was deleted as well- On a third post with the same title I posted again, and this time commented about the other posts being deleted, some of the reviews seeming sketchy (they do, many- Not all- of the positive reviews here come from low level steam accounts with only a game or two and only reviewing this game) and a certain player who has over 1000 hours logged into the game (which means they are playing 12.5 hours/day, 7 days/week to hit that number as someone did the math- probably deleted by now) which is frankly impossible with this game- Which I will get to as well here shortly.My own dealings with this company during the single support ticket I sent were ignored- I mean, really ignored- When I brought this up on the forum the ""Dev"" came back with this super great PR response he claimed was sent to me (it wasnt) and called me a liar... After showing him my multiple emails I had sent (which were very understanding) asking 'how long does it take for support to even aknowledge a ticket) he said ""well, it was probably lost in the email""- And that conversation was also (you guessed it) deleted.These forums have been in PR lockdown mode (since thats all this company is- Not develpoers) since ive been here and I have never seen so many posts and threads deleted off of any forum on steam- Not to mention those banned ..Which I now proudly wear that tag as well lol.So... If youre thinking about getting this game and want to try and get a vibe for the community feelings- Youre not going to get it in the forums- The forums are the domain of like 5 PR people whos job it is to make sure this game is seen in a positive light. To seperate you from your money by highly censoring and controlling the forum (and then claiming ""we love hearing the negative feedback so we can fix it"" while deleting entire threads that are constructive)Now...The Game,,,,This game once was an asian F2P game that failed- This PR company bought the game and decided to re-release it under EA... The actual devs are being subcontracted (unless I'm misunderstanding- I could be wrong here) through the company that initially made the game... The content we are playing in EA is only part of the content that was in the F2P game and as the devs fix  things they are merely doing things (like translation and such) for parts that have already been released in asia. In short actual people developing this already developed game are not even officially a part of this company.... Feel free to correct me if im wrong here because theres so much craziness here its hard to keep track of and so many threads/posts that have been deleted its hard to go back and read what was said.What to expect?Well, first off- Expect low population. Steam charts has them now peaking at 155 players across all servers with an average of 55 online at any one timehttp://steamcharts.com/app/463680-Expect no player economy- Period. You will vendor everything that drops- Not only is there no Auction House, Player Shops or even place for player to sell to one another but very bizarre itemization that takes randomness to the extreme- For instance all weapons might have a % chance to grant skills in all other weapons. For example you will see ""Swords with + 5 to warhammer"" Or ""warhammer with +5 to sword skill"" - Thats a basic example of the type of craziness here and it makes a good portion of your drops useless.Terrible grouping mechanics- No dungeon finder (which imho is a good thing but people disagree) is only the tip of the iceburg..Wanna play that healer that keeps the group alive? Well, you will get no XP because XP only counts based on DPS and DPS alone... Try playing with a set group and watch how quickly your levels become  very far apart.Re-used assets everywhere- The game itself looks quite nice IMHO but you better hope you think so as well because if youve seen a couple areas you have seen them all- Everything (including monsters) are re-used throught the game.. Its like those old Nintendo games where you fought a rat and at level 2 you fought a ""dire rat"" (who was just a regualr rat with a black tint overlay) and at level 3 you fought a ""super dire rat"" (regular rat with a red tint overlay)- Expect the dungeons to all look pretty much the same as we;; as the areas.Speaking of dungeons and areas- The dungeons are terrible. Randomness is good for longevity  but taken to the extereme it makes for just terrible dungeons with zero unique qualities- And the areas are completley the opposite- Totally linear and packed so full of mobs you literally have to fight for every inch of ground while traveling...And you will get stuck..often...And Mounts lol- Try using a mount, its actually easier to just walk around.There is no endgame- You play until max level and thats pretty much it. No social features whatsoever- But dont worry the ""devs"" will♥♥♥♥♥that to their ""list"" of things they will pass along to the people actually develpoing the game- I'm too tired to go there but that ""list"" has issues that have been brought up again and again since day 1 and still remain unfixed.The actually fixes and development is abysmal but the excuses..man they are great at those.Of all the EA games I have , this is the worse in terms of fixes/development and the funny thing is, all they are doing is releasing already released content from asia that requires locilization.Anyhow, theres more- This may become a book as I just add a bit each day as I have time Lolz.... Ive witnessed WAY too much shadiness from this company to believe anything they say. This game is going nowhere, this company is going nowhere and if you buy this game you are wasting your money unless you can get it during an insanely good sale (In which case I would still say avoid it for even a few bucks because it may be worth it at that point but youre rewarding one shady♥♥♥♥♥company)Anyhow, heed my words or not- Your money your throwing away.. Its like I said before I was banned (and I have a screenshot bigpun even though you deleted my post and yours as well) - I have a ton of EA games and I love them- I play mostly EA games (nearing 1000 hours on 7 days to die and at least 400 hours on Empyrion) and I almost never (with a few exceptions) regret a purchase... This I regret majorly."
76561198059412074,Not Recommended,463680,35481401,Posted: 4 October,all,Antiqus,Will not even download content locked thanks for not even letting me try the game.
76561198062993801,Not Recommended,463680,35488373,Posted: 5 October,all,Oh_my_goooshhh,"A ranger could equipped axe and shooting while hold something else apart from gun or bow, are you serious?"
76561198339762822,Not Recommended,463680,35382291,Posted: 1 October,all,my*****48,"PLayed game for 2 hours. Spent an addition 2 hours trying to get game to run as advertised. Numerous hard resets trying to get game to run beyond 24fps. Game always starts up in 800x600 window. cant change texture setting in game or it crashes(read in forums, this is a bug that has been around for nearly a year without being fixed).Was looking for an arpg fix and this is surely not it. Clunky controls,clipping issues everywhere, and graphics are extremely dated. Does not look like the gameplay video at the store. Animations are poor and your attacks are very uninspired. I would be willing to accept the gameplay limitations if it were not for the difficulty I am having just getting the game to run as it should. Asked for refund after 2 hours of testing.When i was playing in game, it felt like the game was a 75% finished game that was passed on from developer to little brother of developer."
,Recommended,463680,28390920,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Xutzl,"The game is very promising. Running, killing, looting - works for me :-)So far I haven't experienced any lags or glitches, everything works great even on my not-so-modern PC (GTX 460 SE).Btw. I don't get why so many players complain about limited skills resets. So many games had limited or missing skill reset by design (e.g. Diablo 2 - once per difficulty level, if I recall correctly).Building your character with no ""undo"" button was just part of the game (or a meta-game)."
76561198062085505,Recommended,463680,33092682,Posted: 1 July,all,Fisherman116,Very good game.I hope devs  support it for long time.
,Recommended,463680,28509118,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Hedi,I realy like the Game more then Grim Dawn and it have alot of potential if they work it right.. dont forget its on Early Access and you Start enjoying it at high lvl 15+For a Early Access  Games Its Huge and Good graphics for mmo so every one can play it with no lagg.
76561198252557740,Not Recommended,463680,28366992,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,NanuKKnuckles,this game is garbage.. grim dawn/path of excile is way better... its not worth playing
,Recommended,463680,35187845,Posted: 24 September,all,PsyoniX,"A fun mix of Path of Exile and Diablo style of play.  Game is still new and needs some tweaking but there is a lot of content to explore and fun to be had.  Solid profession systems, active and fun combat, dual class system and enough loot to make you feel like a king.  Check this game out!!!"
,Not Recommended,463680,28381231,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kroto,This game is is like a stinky trash can where you want to get rid of it as soon as you take a whiff.
76561198202575539,Not Recommended,463680,28365146,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,geo_dk1989,Not at all what i expected.The shield was floating in my hand.When hitting monsters they seemed to die even if the blow was in another direction.Uninstalled it after a few minutes.The trailer looks completely different from the experience i had .It's worth around 5$ in my opinionDiablo meets WOW??....eventually Diablo meets WOOOOW this is bad
76561198196638573,Recommended,463680,29074142,Posted: 6 January,all,1Shot,"This game is early access so of course it's not perfectly polished. With that being said, I am very excited for the future of this game. Finally a good diablo 2 clone with a mmo feel.If you like loot grinders and pvp this game is definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,463680,29421085,Posted: 22 January,all,Museseeker,"If you're looking for fun ARPG with persistent MMORPG elements akin this is  great game for you. The wife and I fell in love with Runes of Magic and were happy to see another type of game like that from this studio.   The dual class option is always a fun option and allows a lot of diversity.  There are tons of mechanics to play around with and every level brings a little more excitement to the game.  The quests are really impressive as well, eschewing the ""get this number of things"" quests for quest goals feeling dynamic.  Also nice is the story and writing.  I'd rather have strong content that takes a little more time than rushed content that adds no true value.  I'm excited to see what else they add as the game progresses."
76561198028267205,Not Recommended,463680,28394583,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,neuro_dancer,"This Game may be slightly better in its final version, but at the moment i recomment to leave your hands from it. It looks old and feels very uncomfortable. Another one of these every-girl-wears-high-heels-asia-trash-games. Too bad. Runes of Magic was way cool, at least in my memory.If you want to play an awesome Hack&Slay, go play Path of Exile or even Marvel Heroes. Both are FTP and ten thousand times better than Gauardians of Ember."
76561198015605185,Not Recommended,463680,28829674,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Psycoz,"The game become repetitive and boring really fast.Each class have pretty much the same core spells / gameplay.The gameplay is lacking as every spells feel clunky. It seems like they mashed everything that is nice from other mmo with a poor implementation.After 2 hours i asked myself if i would really play more of this and I regret pushing forward, as nothing fun is waiting."
76561197967883997,Not Recommended,463680,35164986,Posted: 23 September,all,Gapaldur,"I really tried to enjoy this game, played on and off for a year ish. Looks good and can be fun. Its just dead, like no one anywhere to be found. Can't even find groups by using in game systems for horde or dungeons. Shout in global and not even crickets or a troll, simply a void of nothing.I tortured myself grinding to something like lvl 56 alone, I think I did maybe 2-3 group dungeons. The loot system is terrible, mele class finding staff with better stats than any mele weapon. Or ranged character finding a mele weapon better than a ranged yada. So random its kinda stupid. Just how diablo 3 started out. Kinda looks stupid having a heavy armored knight rocking a crossbow or a staff.Stunlock situation even when you have high armor, and good stats to survive. Get surrounded and watch your toon die.Upgrading your weapon and maxing stats for said weapons and armor is laughable.Crafting is even worse.Moral of the story.If you enjoy a monotonous game where you will spend lots of time just tweaking gear and stats. Or running a dungeon 100 times just to get a sword instead of a staff. Spending hours trying to find the resources you need to craft something.Then this is the game for you.Cool idea to put runes of magic into a action rpg style, just terribly implemented in my eyes.Sorry but I can not recommend this game to anyone."
76561198171505753,Not Recommended,463680,28352298,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,WearingYourMomsPanties,If Diablo had an autistic child this would be it.
76561197979225443,Not Recommended,463680,34523233,Posted: 27 August,all,rice-cooker,"FYI Wait for full release. Clunky and slow combat, controls are spoty. not recommended in current state."
76561198078861218,Not Recommended,463680,30823835,Posted: 29 March,all,Master Yoda,"This game is hot garbage.  gear has all over place stats.  no crafting till 40.  house zone down most the time so can't change your 2nd class.  gold worthless gear drop worthless.  No one to talk to.  Force to be online server lag like crazy.  achievements and card are charter not account wide.,  And everyone pretty much a knight in one form or another cause that's how you heal..  So if you want to play a game were your a solo knight out to kill goblins spider and unread forever wielding random weapon and cloth armor. this is the game for you.  I be honest only thing I enjoy about this game was the graphics everyone a ww range charter."
,Recommended,463680,28340532,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Plankton,"**UPDATED REVIEW**TL;DR Version:---------------------There are minor things that will annoy the crap out of you but I still think ARPG fans should give this an honest try. To find out what those things are, read on...Long Version:--------------------So far I have just over 18 hours in this game. I have gotten to level 24 while finishing zones, soloing only hard mode dungeons (which means quite a few deaths and do-overs) and generally  not rushing.Good:---------- Spells look really cool- Dual class system: You can mix and match spells and abilities. Want to have a mage that can place turrets? You can totally do that! (Works similarly to Grim Dawn)- Random world events: Kind of like WoW: Legion, Guild Wars 2 or Marvel Heroes. Get together with other players to finish objectives in a zone.- Soloable Dungeons: I love this! While you can group up with others to attempt dungeons, you aren't required to find a group unlike in most MMOs. Especially this way you aren't waiting to finish major zone quests.- Dungeon Difficulties: Normal vs Hardmode dungeons give you choice of attempting them at your convenience.- Timely dev updates: This is a big one. While I do have my complaints (below) with this game, I feel reassured that they are being looked in to by the devs. They have been posting regular updates on Facebook (not Twitter, don't know why) and Steam Forums to address concerns- Player housingBad:-------- My biggest complaint is with combat. It feels really sluggish and clunky. Directional spells (cast X in-front of you) require you to be really really precise. I can maybe get them to land where I want 6/10 times. Mobs in hardmode dungeons hit like a truck which mean you need to be able to think on your feet. You miss a spell, you miss a cooldown, thud! You're dead.- Walking is also not as smooth as it should be. I was stuck in the terrain multiple times while trying to fight mobs in tight spots.- No North American server: While it seems like devs' #1 priority is to get a NA server up and running(http://steamcommunity.com/games/463680/announcements/detail/585863462553407198), it is worth mentioning that they only have one server (based in Germany, I think) for players from all regions. Which means disconnects once or twice a night. I have not noticed any lag but if you have a weak connection, this is worth noticing.- Dialogue: I wish the devs/publisher invest in some decent writers. Quest/NPC dialogue seems like something from Google Translate. Cut scenes lose their epicness with lame dialogue.- I have some other quest design and issues with UI in this game, but at this point I am nitpicking.I have said this multiple times on multiple occassion to folks asking me. This is an early access game. Many early access titles crash and burn and this game could also be no different. So far though I am liking it. I can't stop playing it. Spells look awesome, dungeons will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ loot is abundant. If you can spare $17 USD or $21 CAD, this game is worth a shot.p.s. I stream this game on my Twitch a lot. I don't ask for donations or monetize my channel in any way. If you ever want to come hang out and see for yourself, you are more than welcome.https://www.twitch.tv/planktonvomit"
76561198035039004,Recommended,463680,33928750,Posted: 31 July,all,Atech66,"OK,,  review overhaul..  There was an issue blocking players from playing the game in some areas..been fixed.I like the game.. yes there are some issues.. yes things need some attention.. yes its EA..  so that kind of trumps the first parts.Early Access is Early Access..  with all its drama..  hatred.. hair pulling.. eye gouging.. brink of insanity frustration at times.The thing is this game could not just be a good but it could be a great game.Its MMO Diablo 3 but better.. If whats supposed to happen happens it will be awesome..  take that for what you will."
76561198009073234,Not Recommended,463680,28358703,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,llnosaj,Early access is like a prof of concept but without all the filling. In this case you can add all the filling you want but it's not going to help since the core game is broken. The most boring un-smooth combat ever. In fact im going to add a new tag. Turned based strategy.
,Recommended,463680,30923665,Posted: 3 April,all,yuval_2021,"who is Ember and why do i need to Guard him???? game is ok - not the best Arpg, not the worst... wait for a sell with this one."
,Recommended,463680,28421647,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Brigante,"Had lots of issues before but seems most have been sorted. Really enjoying this game! Finally an mmoarpg. Tried to get into Diablo, PoE and Grim Dawn but miss the mmo part.This will do nicely at least until Lost Ark :-)"
,Not Recommended,463680,28481573,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,☩Sparrow421,"It doesnt really do anything different. It feels alot like titan quest or path of exile, but slower paced.*The maps are set up as one way paths. This is an mmo in 2016, why not open world?*The ability effects and sounds have no feeling of impact and are boring & unimpressive.*The abilities themselves seems like they are all the same cookie cutter ability no matter the class you play.*The mobs do nothing interesting and combat in general is slow paced and boring.*Player to NPC interaction is just fetch quests or go to x kill y and bring back z. There is no voice acting or any kind of interaction that makes me care about why i am helping them.*Microtransaction in a B2P irks the hell out of me. Finding loot in these types of games is what they are about. This also bugged me in PoE but it was free.This is just one of those games where you play it and think of some really cool things they could have done with it but know it will never happen. I think opening up the maps to full open world with instanced dungeons, adding open world pvp (or random pk), kicking up the gameplay such as faster movement speed and fixing the boring abilities and actually making the type of weapon you use mean something would be a great start to improving the gameplay.As of now it is a sub-par mmorpg. There is nothing unique here, you can get this and more from other games of the same genre.I will continue to check back on the game over time but as of its current state, i am not a fan."
76561198162242985,Recommended,463680,28436202,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sechs,"First of all: This game is in Early Access so I think people should either not review it yet or at least give it some slack for launch issues. The team behind this game already made quite some progress, optimizing their servers and changing the system how re-spec works. So while it is to early to make a final review I would say right now the game is ""solid"" while having the chance to be ""great"". For the low price very much spot on.For people who say the gameplay is not as fast as D3: Yes and that is because it is an MMO. Not an MO like POE with a city hub, but a true MMORPG with all the features we love from Runes of Magic (same developer) and hundreds of players in the same area. You will feel this when you run into public events or open fights around the major cities. Just not the same!If you like Hack'n'Slash but prefer to play a real MMORPG then this is for you!"
,Recommended,463680,31780278,Posted: 15 May,all,Darkryne,"I love the game.  People complaining about lack of content are needing to learn to read.  Its early access.  Aside from that, people have their own preferences.What I will highlight after reading so many reviews is how the creators reply.  It is highly unprofessional and shallow no offense.  If you can't do PR without offending those who spent money to try your game... you should hire someone who can handle public relations without looking like a 5 year old."
76561198126255521,Recommended,463680,34472441,Posted: 24 August,all,Doble T Matutino,"First things first. The game is in alpha, so there are plenty of stuff to improve.The game is good. There are different races and different classes you can play. So far the story is meh but still good. I am giving this a good analysis because even the game got its problems, they will manage to fix them.Things to be fixed up:- Laggy attacks that have a delay and ping spikes. The server connectivity should be improved, i can't keep on playing waiting for 1-2 secs for a skill to be casted because of the ping spikes.- you can actually pass through some walls."
76561198007889127,Not Recommended,463680,28346513,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,mac_wessie,"What a shame! I had such high hopes for this one. Skill/tree is very limited and hidden as you level up. Zero game play feeling. Character moves cluncky and there is a big delay for every action you take. Music is boring and adds no feeling. The look is ok, but certanly not impressive. It stinks F2P."
76561198049273075,Not Recommended,463680,28357020,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Hakoshi,This game has less potential then most iOS games.  It is a tragedy of a train wreck.   The videos they show do not in any way represent the game.  The game is dated graphically and horrible looking at that.   The game play is sluggish and terrible.   As a Diablo fan I demand people stop compairing this to even diablo 3.   This game is another trash remake of a trash game green lit by steam.  First game I EVER returned on steam.   Its an alpha of a game that could never be good.   Play Diablo 3 / Devilian / Path of Exile / to name a few better alternatives.
76561198026932786,Recommended,463680,28386166,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,RSJPaladin,"Edited: after exploring more and will change after experince 2016-12-31Action-Rpg Mmo: CheckTransmog system(even if you duadwield you can still have it look like you have two-hander weapon): CheckBalanced in-game shop(so far)(you can get anything for currency you earn from story/daylie quests: CheckLow Latency, responsive gameplay: Check(after server update 2016-12-15)Isometric: CheckBalanced noice of effects on screen: CheckTwo-handed(berserk) swords: CheckMedieval Themed: CheckWhat it has that is not on my list:Zoned EventsInstanced housingLots of crafting, runes, items, + item system, respec mainstat etc.Immersive zones and overall aesthetics (very close to Neverwinter Nights for you who played that)Dual-Class systemUse any weapon on any classUse any armor on any classRandom loot systemContact with develepors was fast through facebook, they really listen. Posts constant updates when something is wrong, so your never out of the loop. Seemingly works all night to correct faults. Requested a refund on item from store that I bought that didn't function and got re-imbursed, fast, even during Christmas :)What's missing?(Remember this is EA and the producers are reading everything)Interaction with interface and in game world items can sometime be un-precise, un-responsive.The animation are sometimes to stiff and doesn't fit with the overall really good gameplay.Borderless window-mode.Dead angles in some dungeons during camera-anglesLots of translations that needs to be fixed or re-translatedMob-names need to be fixed, sometimes brakes immersionReview:So I've played a good 60+ hours in the game now and here's what the game brings to my list of criterias on what makes a good arpg for me:1. Combat 4/10Good animation quality on spell effect but, there is a disconnect between the interaction of the impact from the animation of your char and what happens to the mob. At first it did not grab me since the animation of the spells are well done and represents what you think should happen and the reaction on screen. But with the disconnect between these two we have floaty combat. Without the impactfull, meaty combat I can't enjoy this game in the longrun, it's that important to me. Some other game examples from my perspective that have floaty combat are POE, Titan Quest and what I've seen from Grim Dawn(it's the same engine as Titan Quest). But I think this feeling is mostly due to that I love melee characters. If they feel floaty they often end up feeling like a caster even though your not. So if you like casters you will probably not have an issue. Whether this represent good combat to you, thats another thing but for me it's the dealbreaker.Combat pace there's nothing wrong with. It might be slower than say Diablo but its cohesive with the rest of movement in game and cooldowns on skills and interractions with your environment and smashing mobs in large droves really make the dopamin pop!2. Cohesive and Emersive aesthetics 8/10Graphically it fits my bill. Everything fits well together and pallete never goes crasy like most Korean mmos that often brakes immersive with the feeling that your living in a colorbook rather than a medieval/fantasy world. But this doesn't. It feels medieval/fantasy and is very reminiscent of Neverwinter Nights, tho not as grim.3. Skills and Gear 8/10Multitude of skills and combos that have a large variation due to the dual-class system and large open skill trees were you with every point also buffs a passive skill. These interract well with a large pool of random stats that all gear can have. With a rune system that can extract, replace or add stats to said item plus a reroll option on mainstats on gear, a skillpoint setup that actually matters, not like paragons in D3, that everyone can wear all armor with up and downsides, theres an insane ammount of customisation that never looses touch with it being a understandable mmo.If this doesn't bother and you than you should invest and support the developers and try it out because there are so much more in this game like housing, trading, pvp, dungeons, questing, story, crafting, fishing, guilds, Zone-events etc, that is going to make this a great game for some.The above 3 large criterias are what make good arpg for me. If your the same, wait for full release, that is my suggestion, since I have a feeling it might go free to play and will make it east and cheap to try.Will I be back for full release, absolutely, I really whanna see were this game ends upp and how the game develops after early access :)"
,Not Recommended,463680,33884684,Posted: 29 July,all,KiritoNOR,"The Game still have soo many Bugs! For example:  Trying to set Textures to High, and maxing out Settings, the Game then ask for Reboot. After Reboot, the settings is back to Default (Medium) The Game can`t be played at max Settings, looks like Crap at medium Textures, even at 4k. I am Done with this Broken game!"
,Recommended,463680,34613315,Posted: 30 August,all,Gator1,"I got the game shortly after it came out on EA. Originally there were quite a lot of bugs and performance issues. However many have been addressed. In the current state I have no issues running the game, the combat is not nearly as ""clunky"" as it used to be, I have no connectivity issues, and while some menus seem a bit odd it's easy to get over. Keep in mind it is not full release. A majority of the people ranting over their problems are simply complaining to make themselves feel better. Just because something doens't work for you doesn't mean it is that way for everyone.TL;DR The game is worth the 20 bucks if you want a game you can fool around with (although you're likely to have to play alone) and it can only get better."
,Not Recommended,463680,34627185,Posted: 30 August,all,TexasKoolAid,"honestly it feels empty, almost like a andriod game.  It doesnt FEEL good to play.  Has potential I THINK, the other ARPG games are much better right now compared to this. Graphics feel dated as well. I got it for 10 bucks and I ALMOST asked for   a refund."
76561197960818586,Recommended,463680,35202720,Posted: 25 September,all,Hugor49,"Fun game, ARPG with quests and fun dungeons. Enjoying it a lot so far - needs more players though so come on, buy it!"
,Not Recommended,463680,35389015,Posted: 1 October,all,skeeter72,"Placeholder for what hopefully becomes a positive review.  For now, not so much, would avoid unless you get a steep discount."
76561198045427668,Not Recommended,463680,30499342,Posted: 13 March,all,Sith Lord,"This game is really dry. It lacks depth. The attack is horrible. It feels mechanical rather than purposeful. The NPC's are puny, you walk past them and don't even notice what they're saying, which adds to the reason why the game feels like it has no real story behind it.I hope they put some work in to this because it could have lots of potential."
76561197984594079,Not Recommended,463680,28356761,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,sousas,The Game is not bad like it self but hit delay on server with no lag its unexceptable even if the game is EA.Also check knight and do whirlwind with jump so joke. and imagine 2 min to find that bug.not exaptable for that kind of games. i was waiting for long for this game yesterday waiting 5 hours for server issues.i was hoping what i have see wasnt true but the hit delay its unexceptable.I asked for a refund maybe in the future if they fix that kind of problems and server issues i may come back.Graphics are good and smooth but reminds me a bit of f2p games
,Not Recommended,463680,28618159,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ObiWanTap,"Being all hyped up about this being a Diablo meets WoW as it states, the game is actually really dull. The combat is very simplistic and the enemy is the same. Poor AI programming. The game is repetitive as all you do is follow a road to the next area. Do a dungeon and go back to slaying the poor AI.Would try harder but if you play in the US (or outside of Europe) the lag is horrendous. The developers said US servers would come soon and there hasn't been a single word for a long time. Attack animations are delayed which causes fighting mobs hard.At this current stage, this game is not very enjoyable and really dull. Hope to see it raised from its current state, but until then, will not be playing any time soon."
76561197961596220,Not Recommended,463680,35113123,Posted: 21 September,all,Kslicky,"I really do enjoy the concept of of this game and have done my best to enjoy it. So I'm in the middle when it comes to recommending this game. The game is there... but it doesn't play smooth at all. There's no polish at all. If that's fixed, then I'd play this a lot. But there's a lack of people for it to really be a fun MMO. If it's polished up a lot more, I can see myself coming back to this so I'll keep an eye on it. But I can't really recommend people to this game otherwise."
76561198000929870,Not Recommended,463680,28348560,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,eVes.aT,I thought this is gonna be a good game... but nope it isnt a good game.Game is laggyInput DelayUltima Online had smoother gameplay...Refunded.
76561198027162760,Not Recommended,463680,28356603,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,carby.sum,"Game feels ""clunky""... like an even worse korean top down mmo.. skills are not creative and lack synergyhave not delved deep into the mechnics of crafting but doesn't seem like its worth the investment so far..."
76561198036239413,Not Recommended,463680,28392342,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Svante,Feels more like a MMO and not ARPG. Really clunky and buggy.. Disappointed
,Recommended,463680,28380729,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Spykers,"Needs considerable polish. Combat feels more fluid than Titan Quest, less than Diablo 3. Graphics are of similar quality to Path of Exile. Bugs seemed to find me fast. Wasnt expecting the public events and a dungeon at lvl 6! Overall enjoying myself. As an avid arpg can, its worth supporting, playing, and providing feedback. Just dont expect a cutting edge, smooth experience."
,Recommended,463680,35345031,Posted: 30 September,all,Seratin,"I nearly passed this game by after reading about it online, but I'm glad I decided to give it a try.  It's a great game with a lot of neat features.The combat in particular sold it for me.  It's strategic enough to offer more depth then other arp's I've played while still being intuitive enough to flow easily.  There's plenty of character customization with the sub-classes to keep things interesting as well.I'm a bit surprised by how well it ran too.  Normally my potato can run games at mid-tier settings at best, but this I can run on max with good frame rates.If you're a fan of Diablo and Path of Exile then I'd recommend giving this one a try, it's a great game with quite a bit to offer."
76561198050930133,Not Recommended,463680,29668163,Posted: 3 February,all,Shrukn,.
76561198044866322,Recommended,463680,34219176,Posted: 13 August,all,Ġiżimina,"I’m a sucker for dark high-fantasy, and so far I think GOE is pulling it off splendidly. Each race’s backstory is pretty fleshed-out, which really helped me engage with the narrative and the main plot elements from the get-go. Aesthetically, I love the enemy character designs, and the UI is intuitive and non-intrusive. I found the quest objectives clear, and locations easy to find, which really reduces the time spent wondering around aimlessly when questing.Another small but useful feature is that the game allows you to reset your attribute points for free till level 15. Being someone who takes a lot of time to decide how they want to play a character, I found this really liberating. Overall, I can totally see myself spending a lot of time on this game."
,Recommended,463680,28536194,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,virpyre,"If you're a fan of Hack'n'Slash games then you really should check out this game regardless of the negative reviews.Is this game like the Diablo Series? Yes - It's close to Diablo II more or less and does have a UI like Diablo 3.Does this game have characterists of an MMO? Yes - It reminds me of Rune's of Magic with the Duel Class system, you can also interact with other players if you want to or play the game solo.Is there a cash shop with P2W features? No - All the Frozen Ember items that are in the store can be obtained with an Earth Ember which is gotten from Dailies and being actively online.Is this game woth it's $20 value? Yes - 6 classes, 4 Inventory Expanders, 4 Bank Expansions, 2 Pets, Skill/Stat Resets, Etc.Does this game offer PvP? Yes - 1vs1, 3vs3, 5vs5 - ranked and unranked matches.Does this game offer Raids/Dungeons? Yes - There are  randomized dungeons with individual difficulty settings that offer better rewards the higher the difficulty.Does this game have a Crafting system? Yes - Enhancing is avalible at level 30 and Crafting opens up at level 40."
76561197979218925,Recommended,463680,33125093,Posted: 2 July,all,Slick,Hack and slash fun
,Recommended,463680,32972705,Posted: 28 June,all,RedsnakeQC,good game but need more fluidity in combat
76561198070527629,Recommended,463680,28435212,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Pan,the game seems like it does have alot of potential but the delay on the comabat should be on top the list and multi monitor support had to turn off surround down to one monitor
76561197970929179,Recommended,463680,28688629,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Brjyndrrwuulf,"Guardians of Ember has a lot of potential , still being in early acccess and will no doubt get much better over time , I'm hoping this game will be on par with "" Wolcen "" which is looking really good at the moment and "" Path of Exile "" using both those titles as an example and a yard stick as to how much work and effort needs to be done to improve and polish to bring the gameplay and enviroment up to an exceptable level and at least taking in some of the aspects of those game titles as an example of what is a really good game title . Not just mediocre ordinary and middle of the road so it will really stand out from all the other game titles now on the market that are just blaa ."
76561198350582215,Recommended,463680,28460961,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Dae Sern,"Easy to control and play. Graphic was good, brings back the nostalgia memories that I had play in the past like Diablo. If you like hack & slash games, you should have try this. Good job and well done, looking for further improvements for this game."
76561197964283218,Recommended,463680,29019389,Posted: 4 January,all,Hellgate,Finally a new online game like Diablo.  This game is awesome.
76561198051295213,Not Recommended,463680,28416655,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Madao,"Game is unplayable. Don't buy it.Too clunky to do any move:It is almost impossible to do anything in the game. Your attack always have a ~1 second delay which is pretty stupid for an ARPG.♥♥♥♥♥♥ enemy design:First of all... why the ♥♥♥♥ are there enemies that its hitbox is SMALLER than your cursor? All I want to do is to kill this tiny glowy thing but it is way to small for me to click on and I'm just walking around it instead of attacking it.Why do I jump?:Jumping does absolutly nothing! Why the fk does it even exist in the game? You can't jump up to a wall, you can't jump down from a wall, and you can't jump over anything. All jumping does in this game is trap you into weird glitch.Abilities are hidden from you:I pick up a secondary class and I have no idea what I can get from them. I have to level them up to SEE what I can learn. Why cant there just be a list of abilities for players to look up? Why does all the ability must remain hidden untill unlock? It is just dumb design.Lack of visual indicator:Most of time when I die... I have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what killed me. There is this one stupid earthworm monster that stuns you. BUT there isn't anything that tells you that it is attacking you. I have to die twice in that area untill i realize those are the things that are kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ This problem is everwhere in this game; you have no idea if you are hitting something you are getting hit.There are just♥♥♥♥♥♥written all over this game. If Diablo 3 had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ baby, this is it.  So... dont buy it"
76561198312502583,Recommended,463680,28998382,Posted: 3 January,all,Bagel_Gone_Wild,"Bought this game hoping it had similarities to Diablo 2, and it really does. Playing on the current US test server and the lag isnt to bad at all. Game is definitly going to be worth the money once the US server is complete."
,Not Recommended,463680,29915239,Posted: 13 February,all,ScrapAttack,"The fame is fun-ish, but not worth its money.Wait until it's for sale, or playable on Facebook"
76561198041709657,Not Recommended,463680,28773085,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nomad,"I would not buy this game again, the lag input for this game is about .4 to 1 second.  They keep saying american servers are coming but .......they are not here.  There are other things, but this is the worst part of it."
,Recommended,463680,30888710,Posted: 1 April,all,Ramshead,"Great Hack-n-Slash RPG with bonus MMO!I was looking for a Hack-n-Slash Action RPG game when I found this gem of a game.  Although currently unfinished this game is very playable and has fantastic graphics.  I also enjoy the hardcore character spin, they have put some thought into making hardcore fun without having too much loss associated with this feature.Some issues you can still find in the game in its current unfinished state are:  Quests pointing you in weird directions, some intermittent game lag, unfinished design (mostly thinking of the maze like city and other areas), and some game elements not functioning as intended.  If you can’t handle these issues then you should wait for the full release rather than giving a bad review to an unfinished product.  Otherwise, enjoy this game for what it currently is “Sexy & Fun!”Ramshead"
,Not Recommended,463680,28388091,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sir Kornflakes,"This game completely lacks any punch in its combat. All your sword swings feel as though you're using a pillow. Also the combat is unresponsive - ex. When you start using the Whirlwind skill, you'll continue to do so for about a second after you let go of the skill key.An incredibly lackluster experience."
76561198032081755,Recommended,463680,29001010,Posted: 4 January,all,Lichtloze,"So far I have been enjoying it.  Right now there are 5 classes(think 1 more will be released later on)and you will be able to pick a 2nd class later on in the game YOU CAN CHANGE IT ANYTIME!  It is a LITTLE slower paced then your typical Diablo game, but overall I don't mind it.  You can reset your stats for free until lvl 15 and reset your skills for free until level 25.  There is a cash shop, but it is relatively cheap mainly cosmetic stuff/mounts/pets(they pick up items for you!)/and scrolls for exp or to reset your skills/stats.  I give it about a 7 out of 10."
76561197973709548,Not Recommended,463680,28429307,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,JT,"Game is way too laggy, and unpolished. Too clunky. Would not recommend."
76561197962075222,Not Recommended,463680,35116716,Posted: 21 September,all,Herro,"Game is fun, main issue is that i have seen 0 people and im in the starting area.  It looks like no one is playing but me.  Also game released and its not on the front page, I think that is hurting the game as no one knows its even around."
76561198065875611,Recommended,463680,30914742,Posted: 2 April,all,Cuddlesthemighty,"So i'm gonna give it a thumbs up in that for the mortal edition I got my money's worth.  But at best this game is okay not great.  Theres some fun hack and slash talent stuff going on here.  Getting to see people in the open world so if you see they're going to go into a dungeon you can give a quick invite.  You can be a dwarf and thats always a plus and i liked the sliders for character creation.The in game micro transactions are aweful its all gamble.  To be fair you can earn them in game currency so I would call the pay model fair.  Doesn't change the fact that I hated it.  Also while being an MMO/ARPG hybrid its sort of the worst of both worlds.  The action combat isn't near polished enough to compete with anything else in that genre (D3,POE,Grim Dawn, Torchilight, all offer a more solid combat experience).  And MMO's it might have a shot at competition with but you don't earn mounts or cosmetics while questing.In the end this biggest failing of this game is that there's nothing it offers that there isn't a way better iteration of elsewhere. I want to like this game.  I hope months down the line I pick it up to find a more solid experience than what I played.  Its close to a good game just be aware before you invest."
,Not Recommended,463680,34335381,Posted: 18 August,all,Eterno,"First things first. I'm fan of Hack n Slash games. I have played Diablo II, Diablo III (little bit and i don't like it), Titan Quest, Torchlight I and Torchlight II even Grim Dawn and this is one of the games that i dislike.  Start was promising ill give you that.  Graphics and visuals are decent. Options on the other hand were messy and buggy, first of all as soon as i launched game, oh and downloading updates for about 35 minutes  before i could even play was hilarious, now back to options, my resolution was auto set to 2715x1527 i tried to change it to 1080p instead but what happened game suddenly act like i set it to 1280x720, i could not even press any button then i had to press ctrl+alt+delete just to quit the game and launch it again, when i did that resolution was set 720p and i tried to set it to 1080p instead but as soon as i did that i could not see half of screen... ""Luckily"" minimizing game twice fixed this ""issue"".Now onto another, character creation, didn't see anything bad i like it. Spawned in game suddenly reminded me of Torchlight/D3 beginning, Questing is confusing i did not bother to even read, just ""What do you need"" and ""Accept"".I dislike that this game is based on MMO, honestly i can't stand respawning enemies, and after you level up game just forces you to use NEW ABILITIES and here i noticed to devs copied this part of Diablo3 that i also dislike.Combat, is the weirdest thing in this game, so i started to play as ranger, of course ranger is weak and can get hits from enemies but when you shoot them from 10m range and leave your current position before enemy attacks they can still hit you. ARE YOU FCKN SERIOUS? Whats the point of playing RANGED character if you can get hit from 7m afar not only that but from time to time when they constantly attack you, your attacks can be disrupted / canceled.Usually when player takes a lot of damage, should consider to heal (healing potions), they heal you so slow and so low as possible that you can't even out heal taken damage as best part is potions have cooldown. 10 - 20 seconds (can't remember). Enemies can not be kited around they have agro ranged if they cross that range they return to their spawn and are unkillable during this time.Last but not least, there is jumping ability except you can't jump over anything, so whats the point of it?I would like this game if:1) This was not MMO (aka single player with mp / coop option instead)2) Had actual balance melee/ranged characters and hit detection3) Did not force every time to use NEW Ability that i didn't ask for (and didn't copied it from Diablo3)Refunding this game."
76561198011836109,Recommended,463680,28430216,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,aRidion,"First of all let me all remind you that this game is not released as the final commercial product right now, but as an early access, which is closer to a beta test than a commercial release.With that in mind let me get over the good, the neutral and the ugly:The ugly:Ability delay: when you approach the game like a MOBA (stutter stepping) or another ARPG like D3 or POE, you will encounter some ability delay, meaning that the game as of now does not respond as crisp as you might expect it. This might be to the stressed servers however, so right now it is somewhat annoying, however I do not expect it to last foreverGeneral lagspikes: Going somewhat hand in hand with the above issue, you will encounter lagpsikes and/or server unresponsivesness from time to time. While this is of no issues (mostly) when questing in the open world, having a death from a tight pull in a dungeon due to unresponsiveness is annoying.The neutral:BLOOM: As there is no right or wrong in art, I am not going to judge on this issue, however someone high up in the design division really loves his bloom slider all the way to the max :)Guidance: Certain features that are in the game are only explained briefly, so you have to find out lots of things for yourself. While this is of no issue for seasoned gamers, this might be a somewhat steep learning curve for newer playersThe good:The game really manages well to get the mixup between the classic ARPG and MMO just right. You are able to quest in the open world (not just instanced 4 player areas, but a REAL open world) which reminds you more of a MMO, while when entering duneons you switch more into the ARPG mode, where you slay hordes of mobs with your buddies at your sideClass diversity: There are 5 different classes right now, that can be combined with eatch other. This generates loads of viable combinations of classes which are suited for different areas of the gameHoly trinity: Something that you might not expect in a ARPG game, but in GOE there are tanks, healers and DDs. Respecting the need for a proper group setup is paramount in the higher hardmode dungeons, which adds to the groupplay/MMO aspectFluent gameplay: The game ""feels"" fluent from the get go. At no point does it feel particularly grindy, but you work through the story (yes there is a main quest storyline) at a convenient pace while getting to know your skills and abilitiesConclusion:Is this game D3 or POE --> noIs this game WoW --> noDoes this game aim to be either of those? --> NOThe concept is something new and refreshing as the game really manages well to take the good aspects of both worlds (i.e. action loaded dungeons from ARPG as well as an open world questing and proper grouping in dungeons from MMOs)As the game and its community growths there will be guilds that raid the high end dungeons, but there will also be just the guys that play their content on their own (which is also completly possible, as you can do all content alone as well)So in the end, everyone who once said ""I wish that D3 would have more feature like a MMO"" as well as all the guys that said ""I wish WoW would not be that grindy and one could jump right into the action"", both crowds are invited to try the game, as I would guess both will find a game that is well done, reasonably polished and just great fun overall!This comes from a WoW mythic high end progression raider, as well as someone who takes part in almost every POE league."
76561198106283899,Not Recommended,463680,29174142,Posted: 10 January,all,ReinXIII,"Was excited for this game, was a complete let down. Diablo 3 sucked but was still way better than this game can hope to be the way it is set up. Disappointed by all the MMO aspects, ruined what could've been a fun game. Boo."
76561198021903868,Not Recommended,463680,29290951,Posted: 15 January,all,sythiel,"If Steam gave an option to check something in-between, I'd choose that. It's a Diablo clone, basically. Nothing you really haven't seen before. If that's what you're looking for, you'll probably get some enjoyment out of it. However, the skill system, while somewhat unconventional, can leave you feeling a bit underwhelmed. Sometimes the third active skill in a line is worse than something you started with, for example. Many of the skills feel a bit underwhelming, too, and some of the effects don't exactly feel polished for something in 2016-17. There is also a consistent latency problem that has yet to be fully addressed, even with the addition of a new North American server, and it definitely has nothing to do with population. Not sure what the deal there is, but rubberbanding gets real old, real fast.With that said, there are dungeons to satisfy your loot cravings, and the character creation is actually fairly robust for a hack n' slash. The art in general is pretty good, with the exception of those skill effects I mentioned earlier.It's alright, but I would honestly wait awhile before putting any cash down on it."
,Not Recommended,463680,29410119,Posted: 21 January,all,harkorniedisko,"Looks like a good game but cant connect, common connection issue: error 0x01060000, Wasted few hours trying to get it started, no luck. I wont waste more of my time, steam will give me money back, sunday morning is gone forever."
,Recommended,463680,28355649,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,qwerty,"It's EA. It's Pretty Early. Small lags, a little bit slow paced, but picks up in the end game. Give it a few and it'll be legit. It's Not Diablo, it's Not Path of Exile, it's not WoW; But it does combine them quite well. Player Housing, decent combat. I personally think the music is good. Reminds me of vanilla WoW music. The combat feels a little weak, as in there is no screen shake or crazy sounds, it's just plain and solid. Players are OP if spec'd properly. I'd say give it a chance, it's a fun NEW experience. The only thing I honestly hate so far, is the character customization has awesome sliders, but I can't make a decent looking female. It's nothing like Sims 4, but it at least has custimaztion. Once classes get tweaked a bit it'll be a decent 8/10 game. IMO. I may do a video and update this review."
,Recommended,463680,28383877,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Imperialxs,Other then server problems (currently). this game will only get better overtime.  Its worth every penny for what you get compared to many micro transaction games.GoE rank 9 (amout of systems) (crafting mining ect...)D3 rank 7 (amout of systems)PoE rank 5 (amout of systems)D3 rank 9 GfxPoE Rank 7 GfxGoE Rank 7 GfxPoE Rank 9 Combat systemsD3 Rank 8 Combat systemsGoE Rank 6 Combat systems (needs work)D3 rank 10 Difficulty settingPoE rank 9 Difficulty settingGoE rank 6 Difficulty settingPoE rank 10 Price vs value (its free and you get alot)GoE rank 9 Price vs valueD3 rank 6 Price vs valuePoE is just a pain on trades and becomes pointless with currency being MatsD3 was more fun with real world trade in game marketGoE sofar so good.
76561198113190985,Recommended,463680,28432902,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Howling,So far so good. Game seems promissing. You lvl up quite fast. Althou pvp seems broken atm you one hit everione with any abilitie and thats sad for some people... Because i dont rly care about pvp :D. Anywhy..gameplay- 8/10 need some work in movement atack.storyline (doenst read anything) so maybe 8/10??Dungeons well... kinda generic but fun 8/10 (need more inprovement in bosses since they just stand in one place almost)Need some Raid boss or idk world boss? (Not now ofc but in the future)Srry if i wrote bad somthing(this is my first review for game) Judge hard pls :DD and write comments bellow what you think
76561198192716381,Not Recommended,463680,28824105,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Will Scarlett,"The pause, Make and action take a pause... Yes it`s less than a second but for  a fast paced action rpg it seems so odd, Get rid of that pause guys and your game would be better."
76561198008718949,Not Recommended,463680,29388419,Posted: 20 January,all,Dean Martin,"This is a game that could be good when it comes out but even for early acesss it is very buggy, laggy, lots of input lag needs time to get polished I think it could be a lot of fun but need to wait a few months before playing if you want this game for them to iron out some of the issues to be expected with early acess games if you play take it with a grain of salt."
76561198118319903,Recommended,463680,28381031,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TemptedF8,Amazing game. Once to servers are fixxed it will be damn near perftect imo :)
,Recommended,463680,35111439,Posted: 21 September,all,Wabbit Season,"Enjoy the mmo-action rpg hybrid, already a great game and looking forward to more."
76561198219392143,Recommended,463680,35427282,Posted: 2 October,all,aditu.noe,"Okay, wanted to try some hack and slash after a time of playing mainly rpgs or sims.Stumbled across this one, price was okay so I gave it a try.I'm not very familiar with hack and slash so it might be there is a bunch of better ones out there but I guess also a lot of worse ones.I liked the character creation at the beginning. Lots of choices for hair color and such, so it is possible to create a quite unique character. You have to like that asian style though.Have not achieved a lot yet ingame, was mainly running around getting familiar with the game mechanics and looking at everything.Many mobs are kind of cute somehow, don't know if this is intended, but it works for me."
76561197998328977,Recommended,463680,28445539,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,reemocin,"I'm a solo player through and through so that's how I look at this game.So far the game is fun enough to make it worth my money ... and that's enough for me to give it a thumbs up.It doesn't have the wow-I-love-this-game factor (yet?), but on the other hand I've yet to experience anything truly bad.I don't think it will fill the wants and needs of a hardcore ARPGamer, but it is a decent game in it's own right.As an early access game it's pretty solid; it plays more like an open beta that needs some polish than an EA game that still has a long way to go.I have experienced lag on a handful occasions, but then it only lasted for a couple of seconds. But I'm a European player so I'm basically sitting on the server.I have had a handful of times where the game crashed; but after restarting the game I could pick up where I was when it crashed.I've seen some minor bugs but nothing game breaking; mostly the stuck-in-scenery-when-on-mount that I could fix by using a movement skill.Some things are odd. For example you have 2 inventory tabs but as far as I know there is no way to move stuf from one tab to the other. Or the fact that you can only see skills if you've levelled enough to unlock them (e.g. you can't really plan ahead to, for example, save some skill points for a skill that you'd want for your build but get later on ... increasing the need for skill reset functionalities).Gameplay (movement, combat etc.) is kinda slow for an ARPG; the game feels more like an MMO than an ARPG (which giving it's hybrid nature is not that strange). I don't mind, but it will not be everybody's cup of tea.Looks good, sounds good, music's good.-----EDIT AFTER 20+ hoursLevel progression slows down a lot after level 15 or so; I don't mind (much) but it will not be to everybody's liking. It also feels like the loot drop quality decreases, which in a way makes sense since it probably has to match the slow down in leveling.Scenery can obscure your character and\or enemies; the sewer area is a terrible example of that.Scenery you can interact with is sometimes 'highlighted' by sparks (=good), but sometimes only by an outline when you hover your mouse over it (=bad). It's inconsistent and might sometimes make you miss something important. Sometimes the 'sweet spot' for the hovering outline is bad enough to make you believe there's nothing to interact with (or, as in my case, that you've encountered a bug when a gate won't open).All things considered my rating for the game (on a scale of 0 to 10) has changed from a solid 7 to a plain 7. Still a good game with a lot of potential but you have to be willing to put up with some annoyances .-----EDIT AFTER ANOTHER 20+ hours after launchAs far as gameplay is concerned nothing of note hase changed since early access/beta ... the game hasn't become better ... or worse.It is not a bad game, but it also isn't a game that I feel I must play.I miss that special spark that makes you fall in love with a game and keep on playing when you know you shouldn't (because of work, real life, and whatnot).So I'll stop playing. Maybe I'll be back, but right now I don't think so."
,Recommended,463680,35427658,Posted: 2 October,all,R C D,"I havn't got hundreds of hours into this game yet but I can tell I eventually will.  This game just has a different feel to it.I was a hardcore D2 player for almost 5 years and have been looking for something to fill that void for the past 12 years!   I tried Diablo 3 and PoE and had fun but something felt like it was missing.I enjoy this game because it offers a lot from what I can see.  I payed 10$ for it and I feel as if I stole it at that price :)Pros:The game is beautiful.  With Reshade3.0 it gets even better!It's an MMORPG and you're not instanced in the world.The intricacy of the stats.PVP!!!The enhancment system is great.Being able to mine, fish etc.Housing system w/ sprites.Achievements for you achievement ♥♥♥♥♥s ;)The guild system w/ its contribtion, guild abilities etc.The ingame store doesn't cater to Pay2Win.The compendium system.Dueling!Cons:Some times you can get stuck in the terrian while kiting mobs and that can be frustratingThe population seems low.  I know its a fresh release out of EA.I feel like this game is a hidden gem and has a lot to offer.  For now I recommend this game to anyone.Hit me up on steam if you're looking for someone to play with!"
76561197969817912,Recommended,463680,28356207,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,nootjes,"More of the same of a very tried formula, but that's what I was looking for. Good, old fashioned fun. I like it."
76561198022842797,Recommended,463680,29178705,Posted: 11 January,all,TeamplayerZargash,"While a bit rough around the edges, I find myself enjoying this game.  Build making is fun and the graphics are pleasant enough to keep me coming back.  The new NA server helped with a lot of delay issues that were happening for me and others.  Worth a shot."
76561198039971340,Recommended,463680,28355375,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,taker77,awesome game
76561197962037284,Recommended,463680,35090039,Posted: 20 September,all,soopafly_guy,"guardians of amber is a classic mmo in top down perspective.i like the fact that other people play at the same world, we teamed up for public events already.i personally dont like the fact that i have to move via wasd instead of arrows but ok... better than no keyboard control.story is (good) standard fantasy. reminds me about my pen and paper worlds."
76561198054142546,Recommended,463680,34684519,Posted: 2 September,all,devestaterdawn,Loving it so far. Engineer needs some help or rework though. For the class to be fire it is really weak. Othere then that is coming along nicely.
,Recommended,463680,28367789,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,tribaljake,I dig it other then the combat. It will need some tweeking. Still better then No Man's Sky and that cost 60$
76561198073908578,Recommended,463680,29341830,Posted: 18 January,all,drcoolness,"Great game, lots of fun reminds me of Diablo. If you enjoy hack n slashing and looting this is your game . The only inprovment needed besides bug fix and such CONTROLLER SUPPORT"
76561198301084118,Recommended,463680,34262186,Posted: 15 August,all,michellegruppetta,Good game with a great community and an engaging quests!
76561198006041754,Recommended,463680,28631412,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jonto,nice game and not expensive
76561197976906719,Recommended,463680,28362300,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,PuppyMagic,"I was looking for a Diablo like game after taking a break from that genre after the first season.The game feels a bit clunky but that could be due to servers and suchAfter about 5.5 hours I have been through roughly 8 dungeons and they all feel the same. The difficulty can be turned up to make the dung. an actual challenge.The game is perfect for after work wanted to feel like accomplishing something for 2-3 hours or even a longer grind trying to grab some gear for the pvp.I see both sides of the review but when I play this game, It feels nice. Grab the EA and see for yourself."
76561198122599840,Recommended,463680,28363522,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Vondragon,"As usual many reviews are negative because the game presents numerous problems on day one output in Early Access, not even to consider them.Other reviews, however, are negative because each has its good reasons and there may be.But others are bad because some users expect to find a Hack'n Slash like Diablo 3, Grim Dawn, Torchlight 2 etc.Guardians Of Ember is a MMOARPG that the gameplay of Hack'n Slash but above all the style and settings of an MMORPG.Its a great mix of both categories, and despite being in Early Access is coming on quite well.In the game you will face the usual things we are used to in the MMORPG, but with the gameplay of a Hack'n Slash.Before buying the game remember this, is not a pure ARPG or a pure MMORPG, but rather a great mix of both.If you buy the game thinking that is still in Early Access and that is a MMOARPG, then you will find yourself in front of an almost unique game in its genre, and you will enjoy it for sure.Recommended for lovers of the two categories."
,Recommended,463680,28847839,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Freesoul,"Good looking game and gameplay is fun.The greatest complaint was because of lag on the European hosted server. They have since hosted new servers in NA which seem to fix the issue. The server are not fully open now (12/31/2016) so may be hold for a few days before buying the game.In any case, if the lag problem is gone, this is a good MMMO-Diablo like game."
76561197977813331,Recommended,463680,35464016,Posted: 3 October,all,Woody,"Nice game, fair price.Easy to understand the mechanics and as far as I can see nothing really towards pay2win.Graphics are a bit outdated but nice though. Quests are standard but that makes sense in a hack and slay.No bigger bugs or gamestopper so far."
76561197994827301,Recommended,463680,35463368,Posted: 3 October,all,Apterous,good diablo reminiscent hack'n'slash mmo
,Recommended,463680,28358910,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Loading...,The game looks cool and quite variant of builds and play styles but the lags really ruins it. hope it will get fixed soon
76561198180626375,Recommended,463680,35453947,Posted: 3 October,all,Tairugon,Funny and cool game. Hack'n Slash meets MMO and Diablo playstyle. Good so far for 10 bucks
76561198013993865,Recommended,463680,35455093,Posted: 3 October,all,Nerisseth,"I like this game from what I have seen so far.Running smooth and the price is fair.Controls and gameplay are easy to get used to and fortunately there seems to be not that much pay2win.Stories and quests are simple, but that's okay.Graphics are quite nice, a bit outdated, but well, works for this type of game."
,Recommended,463680,35495183,Posted: 5 October,all,Lust Over Gold,"As a long time Diablo fan it was really easy for me to get into the mechanics of this game. It's a great ARPG with nice aesthetics. It's not too easy, and you'll still feel challenged, but it also keeps you on your feet.The pros:-Fast paced combat and action means that there are basically no boring moments.-Varied classes means you can always try something new.-Great class customization.-The game looks great.-Loot system is fun and fair.The cons:-You lose aggro too fast.Overall it's a really good game. The races look great and the classes feel really fun to play. If you're a fan of ARPGs, this game is for you. If you've never tried an ARPG but you're interested, this game is for you."
,Recommended,463680,28361201,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ATP,"Early access game, of course it comes with certain issues. The game is not completed yet. I am here to support something that I see has alot of potential.I am enjoying playing this game & feel like it will improve vastly with attention from the devs, which they are currently doing."
76561197998854392,Recommended,463680,35434179,Posted: 2 October,all,Sean Leclaire,"Overall I have been pretty happy with the game, especially for the cost. Look forward to its progress going forward. Had a small issue where the game defaulted to EU so i accidentally claimed my items on the wrong region. The email support team was very nice and quick to help me get that resolved and get my items on the proper region server."
,Recommended,463680,28843061,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Eonblue,"It is advertised as Diablo meets WoW and that is exactly what it feels like. This is an EA review so I'm sure much will change but I am really enjoying this game and I think for what it is, the dev team has done a great job. The secondary class system and the fact any class can wear any type of armor creates a lot of versatility. It also creates interesting choices as heavy armor does less damage but of course protects more and light armor does more damage and gets better returns on healing. I recomend this game and I am excited to see if it will be as polished after release as i hope."
76561198001676294,Recommended,463680,35267303,Posted: 28 September,all,Reside,"It's a fun game, if you have a lot free time.If you are average joe, like me, who can play couple of hours after work, then this game isn't for you, progression is just really slow. You need friend to hunt some gear. Other way, it will be hours of hunting, just not to get killed by monsters.Currently game is lacking:1) Player market - With current playter base it's mandatory. You will just quit, because you don't have gear to progress2) Exp gear or Exp items - untill level 20, it will take arouns 20h of active gameplay. Exp potions can be obtained from level up pack only. That time includes offline. therefore add it into player shop - Frozen ember / Empire coins3) automatic enchant targets - currently you may have to make 200x clicks, before you get +6 item"
76561197997929628,Recommended,463680,35454379,Posted: 3 October,all,aLanoX.,Played it on a second account quite a while.Still need a bit of work but all in all it's a very good game.
,Recommended,463680,28634035,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ArmyVeteran,"Game is Epic. If you like Diablo and You like World of Warcraft, This game is kind of a mix of it + more.From the makers of Runes of Magic and Dragons Prophet (two old games I loved) I definitely give this game a max rating!Great graphics. Great mmo feel. Enjoying it and for a cheap price, you cannot go wrong."
76561198055485011,Recommended,463680,28648632,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dracon,"After 40 Hours, glad I got this game. I really like the foundation of the hole game, and how it takes place on an open world. The mechanics of everything was fun to learn, with very little grind as you progress through player levels and build stats based on how you play. You can enjoy a survival type player vs monster gamplay and win rare armor, quests, pvp duels and arenas, or a calm house building and gardening and other skills. The game is pay only once to play, and then its play to win, you can buy some costmetics and bonuses but nothing you can't get by playing a little.A lot of the negative responses are pointed at things that every early access game goes through, please look at their gameplay time. I get a screen freeze alot, but its easy and quick to restart the game, its a little frustrating because some areas are survival based upon how far you can get and you may die, but I keep restarting cause its soo addicting. If you dont mind the common issues with early access, I highly recommend getting in early."
76561198151397115,Recommended,463680,28820443,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,broussardbrad69,"I've logged 30 hours into this game and absolutely love it. This game is what Devilian should of been!  I play Priest/Knight combo, game play is very fun. Never a dull moment, will keep your attention for along time. If you love Diablo, PoE, Devilian then this game is for you!"
76561198061455802,Recommended,463680,28853917,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ragefox,"A bit buggy, still need some work but has potential.   I like it."
76561198033419775,Recommended,463680,29458193,Posted: 24 January,all,Betrayed,"Great game! I'm having a blast so far.PROS :+ Customization+ Multiples races+ Multiples classes and combination+ Great graphic+ Diverse and interesting skills + spells (even if somes are really generic)+ Housing+ Jobs+ Fast paced+ Nice (young) community+ No latency (since the NA server)+ Unique areas and monsters+ Not pay to win: You can get mount, inventory expansion, skills / attributes reset and revives by either using real money or using achievement currency, which are really easy to obtain and doesn't make you stronger.Cons:Not a big player baseEarly Access so it crashes and a few bugs here and thereMaps are not finished for places that can be confusing"
76561198102831065,Not Recommended,463680,28395814,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,fro5t_,This game is♥♥♥♥♥
76561198033350075,Not Recommended,463680,28511987,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dicc Attacc,"This is the worst MMOARPG I've ever played. Only one server, in Europe (No Oceanic servers? Seriously?), carbon copied everything from every existing ARPG available, has dreadful latency and skill lag, is just generally awful and feels like an absolute chore to do anything really.I can't defend this company, I can't defend this awful game. Do yourselves a favor and buy Titan Quest. It's fun and who needs online ARPGs anyway? Or you could just play Devilian, which is free."
76561198242379922,Recommended,463680,29534548,Posted: 27 January,all,aaaaa,Enjoying Guardians of Ember.The unique monster designs are interesting. Like how every class can use different items. Especially like the public events. Definitely a game you should take a look at.  Housing and mounts make the game feel interesting.
,Recommended,463680,30090468,Posted: 21 February,all,rittchard,"I’ve been clamoring for a new/different isometric hack and slash game for what feels like years now.  Along with trying all the relatively newer games like Grim Dawn and Victor Vran, I often have to go back to Torchlight 2 and Diablo 3, sometimes even D2, to get my fix.  Sure, there have been tons of clones, particularly in the mobile space, but really nothing that has that extra “something” that Ive been desperate for.It’s surprising to me that after all these years, pretty much no one, even the mighty Blizzard, has put together a really good “World of Diablo” type of game, i.e. mixing a persistent MMORPG model with the good ol hack and slash, loot and level format.  Path of Exile is probably the best example of what I was hoping for, but it always felt a little too instanced for me.So what does GoE offer that’s different?  For the most part the game starts out feeling a lot like a single player ARPG like D3, TQ or GD.  But a major difference soon becomes apparent - the core world is shared by all players on the server, so you can run across other real people as soon as you start playing.  As there are mobs around everywhere (for better or worse), you can immediately just charge out and start killing stuff, and players around you can join in and help, either by directly fighting or by healing/buffing you.  If you’ve got friends to meet up with, presumably you can play through all the content together.  This is something commonplace in any traditional 3D MMORPG like WoW, but pretty much foreign in the ARPG space.  Why have the sub-genres been divided this way?  Honestly I have no idea.Anyway, the persistent world comes with a number of instanced dungeons, which I read elsewhere are procedural.  That may be a negative to some people, but for people like me it’s awesome.  My general sense of direction is bad, so this kind of dungeon scheme makes it always feel like new content to me.  You are also allowed to play or re-play the instances in normal or hard difficulty for better rewards.  Solo quests and a decent storyline with cutscenes (don’t expect anything spectacular in this dept) help to guide you along the zones, generally leading to a major dungeon instance.  There’s quite a bit of text to read, and even some books/documents on the ground for flavor if you like that kind of stuff.  Remarkably there are very few grammar errors that I’ve encountered, and I’ve been known to be pretty picky in that area.One of my personal favorite features is the addition of public quests similar to Warhammer, Rift or GW2, where anyone can just jump in and work together to achieve a set of goals, usually ending in a big boss and experience for all.  Thus far these seem balanced so that a solo player can handle it themselves with a little more time/effort, or multiple players can blast through them in seconds.Leveling seems like a solid ratio between killing mobs and doing quests, which is a nice change from most recent games I’ve played which have been quest heavy.  Sometimes I just feel like going old school and killing a ton of crap or seeing if the new build I’ve come up with is effective.  I’m happy to say you can grind to your heart’s content if you so choose.  Every level you get 3 points to spend in 4 non-traditional categories that affect different sub-categories (like certain damage types scale up with the same stat that gives HP - interesting!).  Min/maxxers will have a tough time creating their ultimate build.Speaking of builds, the skill system is familiar, but unique as far as I can tell - it takes ideas from a number of different games, but plays out probably the closest to D3.  You start out in your primary class with a primary skill on your left button.  As you level up, you get a skill point each level, and gradually more slots open up as well (right button and then number key slots).  There is an option to ""unlock"" all the slots similar to D3's advanced mode, but the caveat is if you try to use 2 skills from the same “branch”, they are stuck on the same timer which is kind of annoying.  Points are used to progress along a particular skill's nodes; each node offers a choice between 2 buffs, and every so often a fully new skill option opens up.  Sometimes the new option is an upgrade of the original, but other times it's a completely different effect (damage to heal, or fire to cold damage, for example).  But because of the timer, you should really only choose to use one of these in your actual skill bar.  You can swap skills out on your bar at any time, but the points are another story.  Prior to level 25, you are free to experiment as much as you like with them, but after that, a special item must be purchased/won to reset them.At around level 12, a quest allows you to select a second class.  Your second class levels up alongside your primary with no penalty to either, i.e. if a quest grants 1000xp you get 1000 from both classes.  When you level up in the second class you get a skill point only for the secondary skill line and no attribute points.  But like TQ, you get more or less complete access to the second class's full skill set to use as you'd like.  You could theoretically swap to all skills from the secondary class.  The only catch is your passive skill set is limited to your primary class's choices.  So if you are a stickler for detail when designing a character, it's best to review all the passives and see which ones are most important to you in order to pick your primary class.  I'm not sure how much I like this system, though I haven't found any particular reason to dislike it.  It's kind of odd all in all.  I like some of the freedoms it gives you, but I'm confused by some of the choices the developer made, for example putting heals and damage along the same skill’s branch to force you to choose between the two.  Seems like optimizing a single build for either soloing or grouping/healing will ultimately be difficult at max levels.There’s lots of loot dropping all the time, and loot that has interesting tradeoffs from the getgo.  For instance you might get a 2-handed sword that gives bonuses to your health and healing, or heavy armor that bumps your defense up a ton but costs you in damage capability.  It’s hard for me to gauge just how much difference the choices I make are, but I like that there’s actually something to think about and optimize.  And again you can get weird choices like a dagger that improves your crossbow skill.This is not to say the game is perfect and 100% ready for prime time, but it’s definitely got more content and playability than many of the other Early Access games I’ve tried as well as others in beta and even released games.  And in spite of the look and feel of familiarity, one could argue it’s providing a total game experience that NO other game, including the best classics from the genre, has.  The most important thing for me is that for the first time in a long while, I actually feel invested in finding out more, and it feels like there’s a ton more game out there for me to explore.  Plus I like knowing that if friends eventually join, we can experience content together without having to set up our own server or be limited to a small number of players.  Sure, it could benefit from minor bug fixes and some Blizzard-esque polish, but there’s a ton of good content already to start from.  Personally I’m hoping negativity doesn’t bring the game down and the game becomes more successful over time.TLDR - a fairly polished Early Access 2.5D, hack and slash, loot and level, game strongly influenced by Diablo 3 and Titan Quest, mashed up with various MMORPG elements.  AFAIK it’s the only game of this type that offers an “active” persistent multiplayer over-world along with procedurally generated dungeon instances."
76561198044073555,Recommended,463680,29009071,Posted: 4 January,all,fly4400,"Great potential hidden behind gameplay clunkiness. Hopefully we see many quality of life changes before the release, as the game is generally fun and should cater to anyone who enjoys repetitive hack'n'slash grinding. Don't expect much of a story though."
76561197972846123,Not Recommended,463680,34799973,Posted: 7 September,all,LUBRICATED LOBSTAR,its a♥♥♥♥♥♥game and it will have to go free2play to survive.... dont do it...
76561198027958967,Recommended,463680,35102631,Posted: 21 September,all,Tenchion,"Wow, I'm really surprised how cool the skill system works! :D As a Diablo and Lineage fan I have to say that GoE is really entertaining game. It has really nice graphics (I love Neia ^^) and I'm sure that I will play it for long hours!"
76561198077643805,Not Recommended,463680,29025913,Posted: 4 January,all,Ephriam,"This game is great, reminds me of D2 days... Except 1 thing..... The stun locking machanic makes the game feel SUPER clunky, constantly being knocked out of skills (Channeling skills such as whirlwind etc etc)... this 1 simple mechanic ruins the action of this ARPGMMO, and it doesnt seem to matter how much stun resist you stack, the % increases are so minimal that its literally pointless. I think if this mechanic gets removed from the game the fast paced playstyle (Uninterupted by pointless, stupid mechanics) will feel a lot less clunky and waaay more fluid. Outside of that and the expected bugs. Good game. However i wouldnt recommend it to anyone while the stun locking mechanic exists in the game, as its too clunky."
76561198246711188,Recommended,463680,30842357,Posted: 30 March,all,DaleksFinest,"Diablo-like. Looks neat has more stuff than D. Some fights are quite demanding but not totally unfair. neat music, graphics look good,"
,Recommended,463680,28393977,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Droucil,"One of the things a lot of people tend to forget is that this is an Early Access, meaning its still into development and has been released in such a way to improve the issues it has and get player feedback on it, so please keep this in mind!For those that are lazy, have a reading disorder, don't like indept commentary or have the attention span of a goldfish (yeah who doesn't nowadays) here is a quick sum up:Pros- No P2W- Dual Class system gives quite a fun factor experimenting with different setups and suite your  personal playstyle- ARPG + MMO = Awesomeness- WASD movement included (yeah like u care :D)Cons- Its into development?So for those that want the full review, keep reading!- No P2W, I see some people keep complaining about there being a cash shop while you pay for the game. They clearly didn't read any of the posts the devs made on this. So far all i'v read is nowhere near P2W and the developers really want to avoid this. However, as stated by the devs themself they need the cash shop to eventually still make income for development without having to sell DLC's, so guys be happy about this!The following list is copied from their sticky about this subject (full story  can be read here)http://steamcommunity.com/app/463680/discussions/0/152391285457980351/)Content of Loot Orbs (which are bought from the shop)Exotic mounts, Cute pets, Exclusive costumes, Special furniture for your house, Experience and loot boosters, Inventory and bank expansions, Re-skill scrolls and Revive potions.So in short, the only thing that can give you a small advantage is boosters, which only makes the time to level up and collect gold and such shorter.  No Gear or extra benefits that power up your character in any way, hence no P2W!To add, there is a currency ingame collectable by doing daily achievments which lets you buy those same loot orbs.- ARPG mixed with MMO equals awesomeness. Having an usual questline with a mainquest and sidequests along with public events that respawn on the map to complete, leveling your character alongside this huge world, which is still growing as the game gets developed, while meanwhile experimenting with many of the different combinations the class-system provides. Unlike many other ARPG's there is a Tank, Healer and DPS kind of roll. Which at this point of development doesn't have it real place yet, but is what the game is aiming for in the future.To give an impression of what else to expect, think about different proffesions like mining (they actually released this today) blacksmith, gathering, alchemy, fishing! (as shown in one of the trailers ^^) and features like housing where you can decorate your house and hire sprites that help you out with your proffesions and level up on time. Also there is gardening and there are certain items to place in the house that give benefits like increased bonus xp when in the house (offline or online) that will be gained when killing monsters on your next adventure. As for the ARPG aspect, the feeling it gives Hack and Slash wise I like it! There has been previous notions of reviewers, one youtuber in particular I can't stand, I won't call out names.. that mentioned there being a delay in attacks. However since the steam early access release for me as an Europian player this has already been fixed (+ US server coming up soon!), only thing I occasionaly have is lag spikes which freezes the screen for a few seconds, which I am sure is being worked on and isn't a game breaker in this stage of development.- Dual Class System, I personally really like this one, it gives you the ability to try out different combinations of classes to fit your playstyle and experiment with. The customization in general how attributes and skills work might be a little confusing at first . There are 4 different attribute types which influence your stats, think about increased crit, increased damage in a certain type (physical, holy, arcane, etc), increased block chance and so on. Stats gained from your gear increase these + they give some specific kind of increasements which seem to fit well together. Skills work as follow, you got one type of skill that regains your energy (usually used on the left mouse button) and another one (usually on the right mouse button) to consume without cooldown. The rest of the skills is with an usual cooldown.- Great communication and response from the developers so far! I can keep this one brief, but from what i'v seen following the debates, they respond very quickly and nearly every time. Some times make we wonder if they work more on this game then looking at player feedback, JK* ^^- WASD movement included, this might not be a biggy for most, but I personnaly might want to make a steam controller layout in the future and this will make it a lot easier and comfortable playing with one.Cons- ARPG aspect still has some work to do, besides the obvious fact a lot of content is still to come, which is not a con but a decision you have to make if you want to participate into helping the development of this game or rather wait for the finished product. In some occasions when you hold your left mouse (or if you use WASD) button to walk somewhere you get stuck, in which you have to struggle yourself out by jumping and clicking around. I'v also fell beneath the ground a few times into endless oblivion ^^ but there is a reset character button, so don't worry. And things like this are to be expected in an Early Access. As for the balancing between classes, its at this point hard to say since we aren't even at max level yet and can't see the full potential of the different kind of roles we play. All I can say is I can't wait to see! :D- Skill System, its stated there is near unlimited character optimization with over 300 active and passive skills. I find this a bit overadvitised since about 2/3 of the skills are passive and only increase stats. Though there is still plenty of customization left with the way gear and stats work in general, combined with the active skills and dual class system, I am not sure how many skills each class has in total, since we can't become the max level yet, but how it works is a following. You have a linear active skill with 4 different subcategories split up between each other which are all a little different from each other, having two passive attribute increasements inbetween (which you can choose one of two, for example increased hit chance vs extra health points) that increase your total stat improvement. Which I also find quite falsy advertised on this idea of having so much different skills while in fact there a lot less then given the impression. Still despite all of this, like I mentioned before there is plenty of customization but I felt this needed to be mentioned.Now i'v got my eye on this game for quite a while and decided to start a Youtube channel on this game (just been waiting for the steam early access release) so my opinion on this game might be a little biased towards the positive in some minds. But I choose to spend and invest my time into this game for multiple reasons. The environment makes me somehow give Diablo 2 vibes, oh the times I had with this game =D. The MMO aspect on an ARPG hell yeah! The traditional class roles, the customization, and the fact it gives the ability to play this with a steam controller is another plus for me. If your interested in my channel the link is belowhttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCaBPdIP7VB5Kq27mVq1xy_QI wish everyone happy gaming times, and hopefully see u ingame :)!"
76561198014488533,Recommended,463680,28902359,Posted: 1 January,all,Meroldys,"First AoE then PoE now GoE. Just mentioned games that are awesome.Yes this game is in EA it is not finished I would say not really close to it. Have some ""game breaking"" bugs (more like annoying).The devs are doing really good job on making it a good game they listen to feedback and try  to stay away from P2W aspects.If they keep up the good work this game will get big.(Big as an ARPG game can)If you are fan of ARPG this game is for you. The MMO aspect is just like candy on the top of the cake.I'm not gonna go in to Cons and Pros because most of them are opinion based and everyone have their on taste for things.Thing is apart from all the bugs I encountered (some quests not working  getting stuck or game randomly shut down) it is really an amazing game I have big hopes for it.So...why are you still reading this go ahead and buy it."
,Recommended,463680,30104138,Posted: 22 February,all,Jonah,So far loving this game. Also a Diablo and almost any ARPG Game fan
76561197978260703,Recommended,463680,30911581,Posted: 2 April,all,.dop.equis.,"I'd buy it on sale and have some fun killing stuff with your homies.4/5 Combat is pretty dang fun4/5 Lots of class skill options2/5 Quest tracker is definitely on adderal or needs jesus5/5 free Stat respecs till level 15, and 25 for skill respecs.5/5 no need to spend cash, the achievements make free funny money."
,Recommended,463680,35214796,Posted: 25 September,all,Deathfather,Doesn't have level scaling and plays like diablo with character creation. 10/10 game.
,Recommended,463680,30110479,Posted: 22 February,all,Square-Bryan,"I am currently level 10 and so far I am still enjoying it despite all the negative reviews/complaints I've read.The game is still in early access and of course it's going to lack refinement, have bugs and connection issues.Rome wasn't build in one day as well, so I'll give this game the benefit of the doubt at the current time.A lot of complaints have been resolved or are getting resolved from what I get from the forum posts.If you don't want to play or buy a game with issues then don't buy an EA game, even more if you're not going to contribute by giving feedback or talk♥♥♥♥♥♥about it on the forums/discussion tab in steam because it doesn't suit your needs or lack your triple ""A"" taste in games.I'll give this review a ""Yes"" at the current time, may I bump into real game breaking bugs/gameplay issues or devs not keeping their word then I'll change it.At the moment it's an AMMORPG with a decent potential if the devs keep focussed and keep their promises.Looking forward to all the haters their downvotes."
,Recommended,463680,31343132,Posted: 24 April,all,Vharzaque,"Trinium Wars brought me to Guardians of Ember.At first, i am not someone who focus on specific parts of a game , like someone who only plays games with high quality graphic etc etc .The whole package counts for me . I need games which brings me fun over a long time .In Guardians of Ember you will find nearly everything what you can find in other MMO/Hack'n'Slash too. Housing, crafting, PvP, PVE , fishing etc etcI love(d) the complexity of the skill system combined with the second class you can choose . Yes the character creation isn't the best for getting your individually own Fighter but for my opinion it's okay. Many other Games has the same thing. But you can dye your clothes , make costumes etc so you can make the best out of you.You can read on your own which content is available but for my opinion it's a really nice crafted game to lose many hours of your life exploring this content . You should give it a try !"
76561198137875288,Recommended,463680,30200118,Posted: 26 February,all,jeremyj_davis,"So a couple of quick things..  I've seen a lot of negative videos and reviews of this game..  and I don't understand it..First things first..The biggest thing I hear is that its ""pay to win""    I haven't seen this AT ALL.  The items that you can pay to get, can easily be got if you simply play the game, and complete in game activities.  I have unlocked all the inventory slots in 2 days worth of  casual playing and have not spent a dime.  People also complain about there being a cost involved to buy the game.  I spent more on coffee last week than I spent on the game.  Keep it in perspective.Second: most people are watching videos with complaints from months ago.  The dev's work quite hard to listen to the community feedback, and make fixes.  A LOT of the issues/bugs etc have already been worked out.That being said, it IS an EA game.  There are going to be bugs.  There are some pathing issues. Some class balancing might be a good idea.The bottom line is this.  The game IS enjoyable.  If you like ARPGS (PoE D3 etc) then this game is worth a look."
76561198051650604,Recommended,463680,30185180,Posted: 25 February,all,Aycee,"Granted I do reccomend playing the game, it is with the belief that they will hopefully improve this game drastically. What they are trying to do with this game, is truly great, I hope they can one day achieve a playable game. If you do get this game you will encounter many issues, that let's be honest, all games can face. The biggest issues involve many crashes and server lag. I would say this wouldnt be so bad, but it gets rid of your ""Lone Wolf"" thing that I really want to work on to find out what it does, but so far I can't get a character passed level 7 or 8 before I crash. Also the combat is probably the worst part of the game so far, and I really believe that should be the most enjoyable. If loot drops you are pretty much guarenteed to misclick it and your character will get heavily punished (I am playing a ranger.) As a ranger I should have someway to kite mobs, but you literally can't. If a mob makes an attack animation even if it's melee and half a screen away, it hits. Also while in combat you can't attack and move at the same time, which wouldn't really be a problem if it didn't take 2 seconds before you can start moving again. I have not tried any other classes, so maybe it's just archers that seem unplayable, but I really am not interested in trying the other classes at the moment.The reason I would reccomend trying this game is because of the sort of uniqueness I want to enjoy in a game. It atleast advertises in game housing with house servents which I believe will exsist since I am getting gifts for them already. I really like the idea of a base/house that you can decorate, let alone get servents! That is something that I wish other games would consider adding. They have what appears to be world events, that can really bring a community together in later areas, and lets there be a lot more content and achievements, I love the idea. Finding ""Hard"" mobs in the wild that can drop better loot, great idea, and they have so far implemented it well. They have a card collection system, and so many other good things too offer, I really hope they improve quick. :)Please, first improve your servers, the crashing makes it so we can't even play and enjoy your game at it's fullest. Second, improve your combat, it reminds me of something that you would find in a browser game that is free to play, yes it is that bad at the moment. If you can improve these, this game has a good chance at being a great game. I do not really write reviews often, but I really like the idea of this game, and I really want you guys to improve it first where it needs it the most."
76561198067309317,Recommended,463680,30891017,Posted: 1 April,all,mwlathion,I really want to give this game a chance...but been in updates for the past 2 hrs.  You would think the most current version would be able to dl right of the bat...just saying
76561198073259879,Recommended,463680,29358004,Posted: 19 January,all,Dave from NY Sewers,"Before i start, i would like to summer up that i have played World of Warcraf for 8 years ;((--Which i am taking a break from now--))WoW is 12 years old, and over the years i have goten quite tired of it, And Diablo 3 did come out, a few years ago ;(( i have played Diablo 2 << Did play it back when it came out >><< Also when you could go onto theBattle.netserver and play online >>Now to the review.I saw this add on facebook about something Diablo meets world of warcraft .. i thought,  why the heck not ? let's try it. Just for the heck of it y'know ?Number 1.  Choosing of character & ClassLooks exactly like WoW and diablo 3 but more like world of warcraft except it is on right side ; could be better if it we're like in diablo 2 where you chose the class that it were you see your characters instead. ; that it is where you see all the character's you have,but from diablo 2, where you chose the class, i would say ; it would be a lot better if it were like that> IN < choosing the character for how many characters you have ; i would say the game would be a lot better ; it would make the game 10 / 10 on my watch list.Choosing of class you have ; Knight / Priest / Arcanist / Engineer / Ranger ; could be better if choosing of class screen were like in diablo 3 with a hunch of world of warcraft,Appearance choosing off the character, looks more like oblivion & skyrim & world of warcaft ; but most of it, world of warcraft with a touch of oblivion & skyrim. Which is quite good i say, But except from oblivion & skyrim & World of warcraft ; i felt a little morrowind class choosing & appearance choosing in there , just a hunch though. Not much, but a little.Number 2.  UI & Interface ;The UI is very close to Diablo 3 and very nice, i like the ui the most because i like the Diablo 2 & 3 UI << A LOT >>it is an simple ui and easy to see and keep a lookout on Health & mana / focus / rage ;Skill bar is nice very easy to remember  left & right click for each spell, 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 for exstra spell's. Q for health E for Focus / mana / rage ;Skill screen is nice and tight. close to Diablo 2 and Diablo 3 And World of Warcaft, most Diablo 3, but great it is, i would say it could be better if more close to Diablo 2, than Diablo 3The interface ; is pretty slick & easy, i have played many games over the yearsAs an experienced gamer, This interface is the easiest interface i have been into ; Same goes aswell to the UI , Interface options for Graphics -could- be better i am not sure yet -- have not quite looked much into it yet but the quick look ,so to say , it is close to diablo 3 and wow.Number 3. Gameplay.The gameplay is fine. could maybe be better; as an person who has problems with focus :AKA: ME;i give it 8.5 in the focus of gameplay ; Easy to kite mobs while playing ( IF ) problems with a mob,  As easy to kite the mobs as it were in Diablo 2 i give it an 9.5 on that ; using the skills i give it an 7.0  could be more like diablo 2 then maybe 8.5 or 9.0 , except the diablo 3 using skills setup, i like the Diablo 2 skill using setup more ; if it were formerly more Diablo 2 then a little diablo 3, it would be a lot better, and more easy focus and gameplay.From a rate of 1 to 10 with the game. i give it an 8 to 10 .This Game is worth a shot for trying out.Trust a gamer who has been and is a gamer & Game enthusiast for years."
76561198037725250,Recommended,463680,28418197,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,genrukin,Game is very good its in early release so i am sure it will improve allot in the coming months.If you like MMOs and are a big Diablo 3 fan like i am pick this game up while its cheap it could be a great game to have to your collection and who knows devs might raise price when it goes full alpha.I just hope in the Future Some NPCs will be voiced and the items in the game will have characteristics and look awesome and unique.And crafting will be available for all levels currently i see crafting is only available for level 40 characters.I am only 2 hours in so i am not sure how quickly i will reach 40 there might be a reason why it makes you wait.Also maybe some more enemy varietys will be nice as well too and more elite enemys with awesome drops and player auction houses with the gold system which will make having gold worth it.And maybe a smart drop system of some sort at least for quests i completed a quest as a enginer and got a magic staff what am i going to do with it lol.Game is good it play you can farm enemys it has fully functional multiplayer.Cant wait to see all this game has to offer in the present and in the future its got good potiental to be one of the greatest games out there.Keep working at it.After i complete the game and the game goes full alpha i will write a second review.
76561198004991900,Recommended,463680,29222506,Posted: 13 January,all,FreshTaDeath,"I usally don't write reviews but i felt like i had to for this game. Let me start by saying the sever issues are gone and there is no delay at all, this seems to be the most of the complaints. The game is also not p2w at all, i had all my invo expanded in the first few days of playing. The game itself reminds me diablo 2ish but as an mmoRPG. It is alot of fun and i hope to see more people enjoying this game as i have."
76561198038581660,Recommended,463680,35224986,Posted: 26 September,all,Shiki,"Was on the fence buying this game because of the mixed reviews. Glad i gave it  a try. Game is not perfect, but it's a lot of fun to play. World seem big, lot a classes and skills to try out. Also about the population: i've meet lot's of other adventurers in the starting zones already (EU-Server), seems more and more people are playing now, which is good.I'll continue playing this game. For the current price it's worth it."
76561198383704463,Recommended,463680,35231811,Posted: 26 September,all,Forcedchaos,As a lot of the other reviewers have stated I was sceptical about buying this game because it doesn't have a gazillion players so there must be something wrong with it right? WRONG! This game is a hell of a lot of fun and I'm only in the beginning. Give this game a shot it's only $20 and more than worth the price.
,Not Recommended,463680,28391910,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Sabaix,Too many problems at the moment. I would wait until more patches before buying the game.
76561198042521134,Recommended,463680,35351533,Posted: 30 September,all,largepaw,Great Game! Great co-op! Great! Now go buy it for you and yours!
76561198027853077,Recommended,463680,29203065,Posted: 12 January,all,amiag,"Complex action rpg with a lot of class combinations which is also a streamlined mmorpg in its online components.Multiclass, crafting, instanced randomized dungeons, public quests, randomized loot, pets and mounts, housing,  all fit into a handmade world that feels very detailed.The technical side of it is still lacking and there are a few too many bugs, this is what keeps the reviews down for an otherwise very complete product"
76561198006978121,Not Recommended,463680,35449169,Posted: 3 October,all,Parranoid,"Mega boring.... uncreative... plz community, play Path of exile.... thx bye"
,Recommended,463680,33303533,Posted: 6 July,all,Krept,The combat in this game is like autism & cancer forcefully double penetrated the downsyndrome illness and the result was was this utter crud. How can you make a game based on Hack'n'Slash but forget to improve the main aspect of the game aka COMBAT. Every skill used is delayed and activates 1/2 seconds after pressing the damn hotkey. There's no one to PvP against because the game is either dead or everyone is too ♥♥♥♥♥ to fight each other. The storyline is boring and the only reason I continued to play this game was for achievements and because the graphics were pretty good.Also if you don't have friends to play with or you can't find a party to join or maybe you think you're some sort of solo'ing god then get to level 30 and come back to me with your gaping hole after the bosses ♥♥♥♥ing abuse you like they're beating the skin off their meat.It's still a pretty fun rage inducing game though.
76561197973490554,Not Recommended,463680,35380706,Posted: 1 October,all,xsvenom,"I'm just not diggin this game for some crazy reason. I have to thumb down. It was cheap enough, sure. Maybe I need to give it a little more play time."
76561198052785495,Recommended,463680,29301156,Posted: 16 January,all,Yariem,"A combination between hack and slash and mmorpg. It fits perfectly to any style you wanna play in the game, you can grind but do not neccesary need to focus in to it.The dungeons are really good, and you can easily choose the dificulty level, so you can easily progress in the game, challenge yourself or play with friends.The dual class system is definitely a plus, you can play many different styles anch change your build to whatever style fits you best.There are some technical difficulties, which are to be expected in a early access."
76561197973380212,Recommended,463680,33290545,Posted: 5 July,all,gezackt,"If you are a fan of Drakensang or other classic Hack and Slash games, then Guardians of Ember is worth the investment. This Early Access game is currently little rough around the edges when it comes to the UI, but the underlying gameplay is fun and the game runs really smoothly!"
,Recommended,463680,28456987,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Malanith,"This game will have plenty of potential provided the community stays strong through it's prepubescent stages of it's release.  The playstyle is unique in a sense of mmo/hacknslash.  It's a wonderful mix, and a lot of players are leveling fast and having fun.  The graphics are very good, too.I'm interested in more features that relate to community.  A guild, finding a guild, finding dungeons to quest with people in, and of course endgame.  As for now, is it worth $20.00...?  Of Course it is."
76561198071824078,Recommended,463680,28350193,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,sofuayyas,"Where is the ""Exit Game"" button on character select screen ? You have a long way to go."
76561198016935393,Recommended,463680,28795415,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Donatas,Very impressive MMO. Game at this stage has no major bugs. And it is not P2W as many negative comments written. Developers must not destroy this game!
,Recommended,463680,33949274,Posted: 1 August,all,Leyjenah,"I see a lot of potential in Guardians of Ember. While writing the Review I have played ~ 32h.FYI: My Character is Ranger/Dark Knight Lvl 21/18.Here is a Pro and Con List, about all kind of things.CON» everything looks grey/brown to me, I miss some colors» diversity of enemies; all I see are rats» sounds of enemy are very repetative» the statsystem itself is clear, but didnt really understand why the stats are prestige, bravery, blood and focus and why there are these cluster of what they improve... feels like it takes away uniqueness of a character?!NEUTRAL» quests are okay-ish, not bad but neither really creative; they stick along which is totally fine» the M of massive; we need more players here! and because of that the friendsystem» the story of the game, it just goes with it but doesnt seem very important» I cant tell if I'm just too strong or if the difficulty isn't high enough (expect for the 2 star dungeons, those are dangerous!)PRO» I like the enhencementsystem, modifications, extrahation, reroll of rune-stats, ...» gaining stats via compendium is a nice bonus» on the other hand some sounds are really good» great water animations!» the possibility to change ur 2nd class anytime (basically you can combine everything and become everything)» 9! characterslots, awesome» the housingsystem is kinda funny and a good alternative if you need some time off fighting» definitivly the monitazation; the premium store never told me that he is there and I should buy something; at no point the game feels like it supports p2wFeatures I havent checked yet:» Guildes» PvP» Horde ModeLike I said, I see a lot of potential. The game as massive content for an early access game.Keep it up guys!"
76561198067859568,Recommended,463680,29338182,Posted: 18 January,all,mungabrice,"Fun, new take on the hack and slash genre. Having a blast playing this.. Minor bugs, but eager to see where further development takes this game."
,Recommended,463680,35249838,Posted: 27 September,all,uarrrrrg!,just grabbed the new starter edition.always had this on wishlist but was unsure because of the reviews.now i gave it a try with the new promotion.first imipression: i like! updated review once i saw more.
76561197971037533,Not Recommended,463680,28381526,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,DoubleD,"It feels like a free to play game.Also feels like a MMO and not a ARPG.Controls need work.If you hold down left mouse while attacking and the monster dies your character starts walking in that direction.If you like games like Runes of Magic, or other generic free to play titles you may like this.But don't go into it hoping for a ARPG."
76561198041754290,Not Recommended,463680,31897537,Posted: 22 May,all,gorez,bland unresponsive combat
76561198002668364,Not Recommended,463680,33267848,Posted: 5 July,all,JonasCord,"just bought game and unable to get in game. I launch game and there is a dialogue screen that says ""connecting"" but just sticks on that and dosn't progress any further. have restarted several times to no avail. Games is fully patched but this seems to be a server issue. anyway have requested refund."
,Recommended,463680,28852761,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ariba,ayyy it nice fam
76561197966269818,Not Recommended,463680,28345840,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,AsHie,"really really laggy right now, can't recommend. Will update if this changes."
76561198050882497,Not Recommended,463680,28641484,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Athelion,"Garbage, plain and simple."
76561198311364989,Not Recommended,463680,33571976,Posted: 15 July,all,tzod1956,having  problems with the sound going out just different problems trying to strat game get to play screen kicks me out  paid 49.00 feel like got taken
76561198103515540,Recommended,463680,30479927,Posted: 12 March,all,FriendlyRaider,"Interested in this game? Trust me just wait. It really isn't good right now, if you want to know why just scroll through the negative reviews.Bottom line is, just wait it's gonna be fantastic in a few more months.Go play Path of Exiles while you wait."
,Not Recommended,463680,31265824,Posted: 20 April,all,xxNightStarrxx,the game is beautiful but the special content is garbage on the count that the keys dont work and they say its invalid.
,Recommended,463680,29762917,Posted: 7 February,all,Eilde,"Changing my review due to conversation with an actual dev. All the bugs I mentioned with my previous review. They are working on. Once they get fixed. yes, the game is worth it. If they do fix it. Their list of fixes and improvements is huge. The game is still in infancy. My review was premature. There is a great game here under all the current bugs. Yes, it is glitchy. yes, you might crash sometimes. I assure you, the reader. The bugs are being fixed. Unlike most games. The devs are not just sitting on their ars3. Getting the game now, is just having a minor glimpse of what is to be. If the bugs are fixed and added content gets in. What you are paying for now is a 10% demo of what the game WILL be.  Or probably just 5%. If you think about it. Once this game gets up and running. It is going to be great. The dev I spoke with, has passion for the game. So, I now am recommending this game and supporting it."
,Recommended,463680,30764749,Posted: 26 March,all,IGC | StArBrEaKeR22,"I got to say, I love this game. I am enjoyign more than I thought I would.  I just wish they had more skills to choose from. Maybe that will happen once I get my 2ndary class. But overall. I love the game. Can't wait to see what comes from future updates and expansions"
,Not Recommended,463680,28416033,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,[BOSS] Solid Shake,"Devilian is better. this game is very unresposnive to controls, and it just doesnt look that good."
76561198124938436,Recommended,463680,30930018,Posted: 3 April,all,Hauntedchickens,"Very Good devs, respond immediately and are truly committed and professional.I recommand buying this game and be part of the community, the devs are always there and will go to as far as to add u on their friends list just so they can talk to you one on one and help guide you to solving the problem at your own level and pace.I definitely give em a 10/10 good service experience"
76561198084936216,Not Recommended,463680,28892866,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Rae,"-slow claps- well done Runewaker... Only made a few games in so many years and cant even created new content. Dont get me wrong this game looks good and seems like it could be interesting to play. But its litterally a copy of Dragons Prophet a Runewaker earlier game. Character faces, hair designs, skills, wep skins, armor skins, scenery, mob design, mount design. Its 100% taken from Dragons Prophet copy pasted into Guardians of Ember just in a 3rd person view. Long story short Dragons Prophet is a better version of Guardians of Ember. So if you want a game to play go check out Dragons Prophet its still live on EU and NA has a private server."
76561198145881658,Not Recommended,463680,28414755,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Narukami,Recommended?Absolutely NOT!Refunded
76561198151062004,Recommended,463680,31436839,Posted: 29 April,all,xxchrissyxx,"Im really enjoying this game and will continue to play it, i know there are improvements that still need to be made and many have already been made. i think its important to remember its early access so dont expect a perfect game. One thing i do like its the communication from the dev's."
76561198020361892,Recommended,463680,30217908,Posted: 27 February,all,teamcanuck,"Guardians of Ember is a decent MMOARPG, though it's currently missing a class and fifty of it's planned one hundred levels. This obviously effects things like class balance and endgame, as there is none yet in this early form of the game.It has a ton of potential, though, which is why I'm happy to recommend it at this point in development. The dual class system is awesome, there are many dungeons to explore, and the visuals, races and combat are all positives.GoE does feel a little rough around the edges, though, as mob density feels a bit too thick around roads, and if you die you'll have to run across a zone to get back to where you were as the only ressurection point is at the zone entrance.There's a cash shop, but the only things in the cash shop are reset scrolls and items to expand your inventory. These can EASILY be bought without paying extra money, as you earn cash shop currency for doing achievements, and some of these achievements can be re-done daily!It's a fun game, with a ton of potential to become one of the best in the genre. You may want to wait and see what the last fifty levels and endgame bring, but it looks to be worth your money."
76561198054269919,Recommended,463680,30216963,Posted: 27 February,all,Geesus,"Fun game, definitely worth the $15. Have yet to really delve into it all, but so far I'm enjoying it :)"
76561198112300653,Recommended,463680,31389909,Posted: 27 April,all,Mike,Really liking the game so far! Looking forward to the commercial release!
76561198149671046,Recommended,463680,29421472,Posted: 22 January,all,weaponsprime01,"So i have been playing this game off and on for a few weeks or maybe a month. The game is great, has great graphics. Crafting - professions - guilds - ALOT of dungeons and did I mention ALOT of gear. Its diablo but better - BUT BUT it has super low population - only 250 last month - STEAMCHARTS"
76561198028285635,Recommended,463680,29176845,Posted: 10 January,all,Ktownkilla,This Game is actually fun just needs more things to do in game but atm for early  access its definitely worth a shot
76561198338208176,Recommended,463680,29129631,Posted: 8 January,all,.Inceneration!,"I would like to say that after 3.6 hours of gameplay this game has opened my eyes to a new form of ARPG.BUT. BUT. BUT, there is always a but in there!The game claims that there is singleplayer option in this, which there is not. it is online no matter what you do!Mainly i would say yehhhhh about the online part, but the community in there seems to mainly be Germans Russians and a little British. But never have i ever met SUCH a Toxic Community since Cs go got released with a new patch for the R8 Revolver. holy crap.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me here and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me there! asking people polite and you will get a screw you newbie!"
,Recommended,463680,29255627,Posted: 14 January,all,edge2000,"WARNING EARLY ACCESS IMPRESSIONS: Hey guys and gals, this is game is pretty good so far. It's a deliteful mix of an ARPG and MMORPG, blended almost perfectly. I say almost because there are some rough edges here and there. For example, I feel the fast attack skills (Left Mouse attack/Basic attacks) need to have their animations tweaked to make them feel more responsive. This is an issue that I a lot of people think is server lag, but it's actually animation lag, IMO. But other than that, the game looks great, feels good and has a wide arrange of skills. Lots of character customization and build making complexity. Feel free to check out my first impression video here:https://youtu.be/4OhtkiA-hdk"
,Recommended,463680,28815674,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chasmas,"Loving it so far, despite it being in Early Access. Quite fun, nice community and Diablo-esque gameplay. Cannot wait for future updates!"
76561198247178346,Recommended,463680,35309572,Posted: 29 September,all,drake.nishi,"This is like a good mashup track - you can't help but to bounce around because your favorite tracks are mixed in a way that just works. Not an epic or breakthrough game, a bit oldschool maybe. But it's just fun without asking you to do any heavy mental lifting. My new favorite to switch off after a tough day. Also, what can I say, I still  like engineer dwarfs shooting up the place with firearms."
,Recommended,463680,34810825,Posted: 8 September,all,TwistedCheeslet,Quite enjoying this one. Really digging the dual classing and number of skills - tons of depth. Would recommend as an alternative to Torchlight or Diablo.
76561198209468760,Recommended,463680,35309251,Posted: 29 September,all,Ameres_Cointreau,"Big plus for great character customization! Amazing that you can influence the whole posture and the characters look ""believable"". Graphics/models are not boring, some good artists worked on them. Having your own pet I find cute... Enjoy playing this game. It's well balanced and quite relaxing, I don't have a feeling that I'm struggling with the game, but smoothly exploring it step by step."
76561198027435254,Recommended,463680,35380887,Posted: 1 October,all,Murder_Punch,"Well, it's - fun. Really, there is no other way to say it. Numerous issues - mostly involving pathfinding and seemingly unfinished combat animations marr what is otherwise a graphically awesome game painted in gothic novel style. The combat is vert satisfying if not particularly varied and the odd upgrade path choices, geared sometimes towards group play, mean a lot of wasted skill options (for now)."
,Not Recommended,463680,35193744,Posted: 24 September,all,RedGoat,Some other reviews i seen were people saying its like diablo...its nothing like diablo it feels like it was made 10 years ago.I  wouldn't recommend buying it unless its on sale for under $5 and your extermely bored
,Not Recommended,463680,28461899,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Pixelica,"You might want to purchase this at 50% discount. Otherwise don't even bother.- Combat is so stiff, clunky, and unresponsive.- According to the dev, there are only two region exist in this world, which is Germany and NA. Outside those 2 region, don't even bother playing this game. The input lag or delay is like a boss.- Skill tree is so messed up, it feel like they just stuffed everything together in the last minutes, there you have it character progression.- Animation quality is poorly made, attack animation is so unmotivational and feels like doesn't have impact.- Skills effect barely there.Am I too harsh to judged an EA game? I don't think so, they charge us upfront $20. Also, all things i've mentioned above are not bugs/glitch. Bug/glitch on EA game is understanable, but bad game design is something else.Wish I could refund this game, but I can't refund it just because it's a bad game.Whoever read this review, please don't make the same mistake.Similar games but better:- Diablo III- Path of Exile- Wolcen- Grim DawnAny of these title is way better than this game."
76561198118903571,Not Recommended,463680,29247142,Posted: 14 January,all,XtR0,Just play D3/GD/PoE.PS: Graphics is awful for 2017
,Not Recommended,463680,28512412,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,tjvooyas,"Not bad, but nothing special. If it would be F2P, than I could recommend it... But it isn't worth the money :/"
76561198297429695,Recommended,463680,28440367,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Blitz,"It's a fun game, it's  a  Diablo/WoW style game and decent graphics."
,Recommended,463680,30968560,Posted: 5 April,all,PsYcHo,Been playing with friends and loving it. This game reveals itself from about level 12 onwards opening up the dual class system which gives you many different builds. It's an MMO and other players are running around with you in a huge world. It uses channels so theres no overcrowding. For early access this game is pretty solid and looking forward to more updates.
76561198074593794,Not Recommended,463680,34327782,Posted: 18 August,all,Ryukio,"TRASH!!! Avoid at all costs. Never been a fan of Runes of Magic, as it was just a straight copy of WoW HUD And All. They make this game out to be a more ARPG Top down view during the video. Its just a zoomed out version of the game. Everything feels like its on top of you, I spent about 8 hours on this, and that will probably be all she wrote. So many better games out there for the money I just spent on this. In fact I will try and get a refund. I'd rather play dragon warrior than this."
,Not Recommended,463680,28843636,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Van shot,I hate chat in this game.
76561198364146093,Recommended,463680,30329237,Posted: 4 March,all,DoT,"Guardians of Emberzors  see editIf you wonder if you should get this game then please read.First of all it is Early Access so it does and will have alot of problems.The biggest problem at this point is that there is no real endgame.The latest release is Act 4 and this is still only to level.When you reach level 50 you can at the moment farm for Cards or Achievements.If you like to complete everything in a game then you will have some fun while you wait for Act 5.You do have to give this game a few hours to really get in to it.The server problems are solved and the combat delay is better then it was.Still a few skills ingame just seem slow while some are instant.I play Knight / Priest and i do not have any combat delay at all.When you buy this game you will encounter crashing to desktop. This is still something they cant seem to fix.A very small team is working on this title so patching is slow and the new Act's will take quite some time.Also there is no group content at the moment. You can solo everything in this game.Leveling is in my opinion very fun and dungeons are well made.If you like grinding then i will recommend this game.If you decide to buy this game then for now i will recommend the Mortal Version ( 18,99 )EDIT : OFF TO REVELATIONS ONLINEOW AND STEAM SUCKSBAI"
,Not Recommended,463680,33375305,Posted: 8 July,all,dazy702,"After spending a lot of money and playing countless hours, I became the leader of the biggest guild in the world (Azure Paladin). I can say I know exactly what the game has to offer. Overall would not recommend a purchase for the many reasons, most of them are mentioned in forums (look them up, might save you a lot of frustration and disappointment).If you expect an MMO, this is definitely not what you are getting, population of the server peaks around 10 players on prime time, this by itself should be a red flag of how bad the game is overall. Take a second to look at steam charts, maybe the numbers have changed since I wrote this review.http://steamcharts.com/app/463680(take in consideration those numbers are split up on two servers.)If however you like single player games that can be completed in two weeks and left on a shelf to to collect dust afterwards, go right ahead and spend 30$ for a petless / mountless account or 70$ for one that has the bare minimum to make the game enjoyable.Overpriced, barely any content, crashes all the time. Simply not a good buy. Do not do this to yourself.Many other products are available that outclass Guardian of Ember in every way possible for a much more reasonable price.Have a nice day guys."
,Recommended,463680,29751150,Posted: 6 February,all,Drowned,Fantastic Graphics right of the bat for a Hack and slash MMORPG (and early access)Great character customization/creation (however millions of items is a stretch)Fluid attack animations (melee)Fantastic community has bought into the game from the Get GoThe Devs are really helpful and polite. They have been trying to assure to community at every stepFantastic class customizationMost sound affects are really good.And realy nice Music.
76561198071376158,Recommended,463680,29500624,Posted: 26 January,all,Siepo05,"I've playing this game already for a few hours, and not fully. But still in some way the game interests me and give me the feeling to move on. Yes its a early acces game and you see they still need to fix a lot of stuff but all by all its not a bad game so far, story seems funny but not deep yet. Graphic wise it looks good but also there they need to fix a lot, the game has problems to run smooth even i have a really good desktop. If you change ur resolution and put everything high then still some way the game reset it to medium. And there is still some stuttering during fullscreen, no matter what wich resolution you play. Fix this!!! But still i play this for a few hours and didnt play all characters and classes. For me this game has potention to get a lot better but developers...... listen to ur community!!!! Fix the bugs and glitches and all the stuff people complain about. but one reminder to all people..... Its a EARLY ACCES (no shout). So expect things dont run smoothly yet.But to give my total opinion from the game so far,For me it's a YES. I like it and it dont give me a feeling of pay to win or that the micro transaction bother me. I'ts a choice but still you can buy stuff with the archievement point's you collect during playing. I curious what the dev are going to do in the future but i continue playing if...... they fix the stuff."
76561198060846233,Not Recommended,463680,28340352,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,WolfSpirit,Only one server for everyone who owns the game to play on.  Huge lag spikes and crashes
,Not Recommended,463680,28345861,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dusk,I thought this is gonna be a good game... Nope. Path of Exile did it better.Maybe I'll change my mind when theyre fixing a lot of bugs.
76561198045019986,Not Recommended,463680,31538934,Posted: 4 May,all,peteylakersfan,i dont see my mount anywhere
76561198041434736,Not Recommended,463680,35192475,Posted: 24 September,all,CMMacdonald,"Got this game after they closed World of Fishing.  I feel ripped off.  This game it a poor atempt at a Diablo clone with nothing going for it.  It has the same old races, the same old classes and nothing new or interesting.  It is sluggish and delayed feeling to play.  This is not a good game.  Not even close.  Go play Path of Exile, its better and free."
,Not Recommended,463680,28972859,Posted: 3 January,all,KeYeR,"On paper this game has everything I would like it to have + WASD movement which I always wanted in diablo like games. I was playing MU Legend earlier this year but resigned (as its still in closed beta and didn't want to invest too much time in it) and waited for Guardians of Ember. I got it now and ... I don't really know how to explain it - its just bland. The fighting system, skills - its just not cutting It.  Maybe they need to finish it first, but for now this game just doesn't bring fun like other games like that. I believe the game has potential tho and will revisit it later this year - I will not refund for what its worth :)"
,Not Recommended,463680,35141027,Posted: 22 September,all,lfreels001,"Dont waste the money. The game is slow and clunky. It took less than hour for this game to become boring.Also, The aim of the basic attacks that are used with the right/left mouse clicks are also inaccurate. Most attacks go straight through enemys without doing damage. You have to target just to the right or left of the enemy to get the attack to him (even stationary targets)."
76561198046078526,Recommended,463680,30776407,Posted: 27 March,all,Majora,"Excellant game. still has a few bugs to work out but lots of potential. lots of freedom in how you play your character, dual-class system is a great feature, Love this game just needs more end game content. Look forward to seeing it evolve.4/5 stars"
,Recommended,463680,30180850,Posted: 25 February,all,Dindu-Nuffin,So far so good. The negative feedback ? Why? that is why its called EARLY ACCESS!
76561198303028911,Not Recommended,463680,28461720,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Coolerthanzero,Absolutely terrible and very clunky feeling game. I don't expect this to get much better even after beta tests.
76561197996141421,Recommended,463680,30274017,Posted: 1 March,all,maconis261,"I really enjoy this game ,been playing it everyday ,It was easily worth the money I payed ,I love hack and slash isometrics ,I don't know why so much negative feedback ,maybe everybody wants it to go F2P ,its not that much money , I have very much enjoyed it for what I payed .Nice little relaxing distraction ,even with the few bugs ,but they really don't bother me ,it is Early access ,not a finalized game with several updates .For Early access it has alot to offer.they need to give a demo so people can see for themselves and make there own decision not based on negative feedback."
,Recommended,463680,31287170,Posted: 21 April,all,!WHK,"First impressionsno gamepad support for now,later they will add,so i take my contoller with keyboard setting..but actualy not work well..because you need LMB to target enemy,,so where  ur cursor pointer sitting (right,left,up,or down of ur char)is acctualy where ur char attacking..yes you can hold shift plus  LMB  to attack without targeting,,but still you need move ur mouse to decide which way ur acctualy attacking (left,right,up or down ur char)_____________________________________________________________________other than gamepad support game is okay,one bad things over all good things,not to mentions skill system easly to understand and secoundary job make it more interesting with skill combinationsfor me no need extra hardcore skill tree or something like that,,if in the end player just browse their build on web..right now there not many ppl,but if you okay with it this game definetly worth it,play with couples friends more enjoy able_________________________________________________________________________-ill update my review through my gameplay,"
76561198097765176,Not Recommended,463680,35139969,Posted: 22 September,all,^6Preditor83,"Slow gameplay, slow progression, slow combat."
,Recommended,463680,30241559,Posted: 28 February,all,SP4WNgr,great game...mix of wow & diablo and POE... i recommend this game :P
76561197966715940,Recommended,463680,30983654,Posted: 6 April,all,=Sunny=,"The reason I am writing this review is hopefully there will be more people give this game a try. Graphic is okay, music is good. This game seems easy from the beginning. However, mobs desity are insane once you reach level 30. You'll have to find a proper build in order to progress. Don't expect you can faceroll everything in this game.What I'll suggest to the developers:1. Make other class stronger, DK is too strong in my opinion.2. Better graphics (less invisable walls!!)3. Better UI (Current UI looks very cheap, including ember shop, charater stats etc)4. More clearly on skills description5. Maybe add some voice dialog in the future"
,Not Recommended,463680,35247676,Posted: 27 September,all,★ d43t,"plays clunky, character system isnt really deep or meaningful, leveling takes forever and feels very grindy.not worth your time nor money"
,Recommended,463680,28438083,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Serayne92,"Fantastic game, I recommend this to ANYBODY that likes action RPGs. There's been a few hiccups, but it happens, the developers seriously care about their game and the community.Everything about this game is just wonderful, and it's only going to get better.Please support the game and the community.A+ game!"
,Recommended,463680,28343482,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,7Tepeli,''Error 37 meets GoE'' ^^Review can change but looks very promising if you like h&s.
,Recommended,463680,28352202,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Yoofaloof,"Presently having a blast...I've only had a little time in game but so far I'm very impressed.I'm suffering no lag, loving the graphics, sounds, and systems.Although still an EA title, there is alot to do and see. I'll certainly be taking my time with this one.Don't know about all the thumbs down, they must be playing a different game to me?Only problem I have for now is I have to play in windowed mode to get a high resolution and FPS, but I'm sure that'll get sorted sooner or later.EDITS...Public Quests...yay!"
76561197977765948,Recommended,463680,29449738,Posted: 23 January,all,antagonist,eh.
,Not Recommended,463680,35090873,Posted: 20 September,all,Tomassively,"This game is far from finished. Shouldn't have left early access.Many small issues here and there. No game-breaking issues as far as I could see, but absolutely not ready."
76561198089309617,Not Recommended,463680,31016029,Posted: 8 April,all,Terror1zer.ee,Game crashed after 10 seconds of gameplay
,Not Recommended,463680,28442176,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Choppywee,"Garbage feels like a downloaded facebook game. Also has currency (gems) that are paid with cash in order to get certain things.Sad that this is implemented on a game that already expects you to pay 20 bucks, just to download.Here to make a ""review"":Graphics are awful Torchlight 1 beats this.Combat is clunky, and the game has obvious latency issues.Some enemies would die after I killed the next enemy.Enemies wouldnt attack me untill I attacked them.Ui, and the forced tutorial doesnt go with whats actually occuring with in the game. For example after you had done what the tutorial suggests it would reapear.Environment has enemies that you cant reach for example the main beginning zone.Like I said this feels like a game you'd play on a tablet, and I am sure thats what will occur next for this title.Should be free considering there are expected purchases to be made after the 20$ they expect you to pay.D3, POE, TL2, Grim, D2, FATE, SACRED, pretty much any damn game in the past 20 years puts this to shame."
76561198335174806,Recommended,463680,31429861,Posted: 28 April,all,gatisjc,Dont get it why so many negative rewievs. This game is awesome !
76561198043110374,Not Recommended,463680,28904325,Posted: 1 January,all,pbigdawg30,"The game has so much potential but it really sucks, slow, boring and just not fun at all!"
76561198047125082,Recommended,463680,31121108,Posted: 13 April,all,Shaunn,Great games .i don't know why people say its pay 2 win because there is a shop in the game but any thing you can buy with real money you can get with the ingame curency by doing daly quest it gives you coins. i love this game if you like diablo 3 you will probably like this game.give it a shot and support them .9\10 this game is for me.i loved diablo 3 i played it alot and this game i will play alot as well.
,Not Recommended,463680,34927882,Posted: 13 September,all,JoJo Phantom,"absolute garbage,  clunky as **** and on top of that everyone plays paladin/priest or mage/priest.   bad game 0/10 IGN eat my♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198000434019,Recommended,463680,30951107,Posted: 4 April,all,Derptor Who,"Don't listen to all the butt hurt bad reviews , this is a great game."
,Recommended,463680,30416367,Posted: 9 March,all,Malek,Cool :=)
76561198061751595,Recommended,463680,30256468,Posted: 1 March,all,KrAcKeRsTaXx ™,this is a Good Game! not sher wy all the Hate?
76561198020429630,Not Recommended,463680,35353809,Posted: 30 September,all,35sm,Don't waste your time.
,Not Recommended,463680,29512284,Posted: 26 January,all,csgobich.com csgobounty.com,Guardians of Garbage
,Recommended,463680,29649627,Posted: 2 February,all,idodmg1337,Amazing game !
,Not Recommended,463680,28340412,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,LukasRengar,"So I finally login and played the game, this is mine thoughts. I am game developer myself and I understand that some issue can come up when game is released, but this thing with servers was very bad for game I think, Guardians of Ember put commercial on FB and that where I find out this game and I expecting it very much So when servers was down it♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.To game now, I will not mention input lag for attacks, is horrible but developers know about it and I hope they fix it.I wish that this game wasn't MMORPG but normal offline ARPG, it will be some much better, but it is only me little wish.Game play and skill looks good, but I don't understand why its forces to primary and secondary attacks and then special attacks, maybe balance but I comes to me very limiting. Maps are little bit boring, small and overcrowded, I can't even upgrade mine skills, because enemies respawn in seconds and start attacking, respawning is other think, I understand that respawn must be quick because of small maps, but it is annoying.Player inventory feels consolish, and I it's little bit confusing, but it design I can live withMine conclusion, I would wait with buy, I thought about refund, but I will not do it, because I want to see how developers will continue with development and I they are listening community as they should.First impresion: ""Why developers create MMO game a release it and their servers dont working... What is point to have MMORPG when I not even able to connect to server. Several tries, Unable to connect to server, if your servers are not available for europe, dont release game in europe. I have it one more chance later today, if server wont work I will refund it and never buy it again."""
,Recommended,463680,29704923,Posted: 4 February,all,harralander in runescape,VERY GOOD GAME BUT I REFUNDED BECAUSE NO END GAME YET SO WHEN END GAME COME I COME TOO!!!!!!! HEHEHEHEHEH GOOD GAME YES BUT ENDGAME NOT HERE VERY MUCH SO SOON GO GO GO OG OGO KILL ENEMY ON BOSS AND KILL RAIDER AND HOUSER AND I AM HAPPY COMING BACK GRIM DAWN AND POE IN MEAN TIME HEHEHEHE GOOD END GAME HEHEHEHE HACKERS N HERE? NO NOT YET BUT WHEN HACKER KID FROM HACKRLAND COME THEY RUIN GAME LIKE THEY RUIN ALL MY ONLINE STEAM GAME HOPE NO HACKER HERE WITH MONEY HACKER OR AMERICA AND ISTANBUL OR EUSSIA OR NORWAY DESTROY GAME AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!BIG EDIT:!!!!!!!!!!!!!I BOUGHT GSAME NOW AGAIN AND I FIND IT TO BE GOOOOOOOOD AND VERY NICE BUT STILL PEOPLE FLY IN AIR AND KILL ME FROM WOOD BAM BAM SNIPER CAMPER RAT SHOOT ME FROM NOWHERE AND I GO DEAD...DEAD LIKE GRAVE.. BUT NOW THE GAME IS GOOD AND I GOT TO ADVANCE AND ITS FUN FROM AHCKER PROBLEM I LIEK YES =)
76561198005024454,Recommended,463680,29890444,Posted: 12 February,all,Gonzomaniac,A mix of D3 and guild wars. Very fun game.
76561197989338484,Recommended,463680,28342579,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,zloKaaY,"With a short gametime, i say, its awesome tbh,  been waiting for a game like this.. beats Diablo by far, Tho its an EA game, People just has to be patient!"
,Not Recommended,463680,31371888,Posted: 26 April,all,I'm Blue Dadadidadada dadadaDIDA,No asia server.
76561198138970500,Not Recommended,463680,35282409,Posted: 28 September,all,Eether,where is the start button???
76561198246025736,Not Recommended,463680,28758642,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,daehyun902,worstgameever
76561198120181667,Not Recommended,463680,28340925,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,elanca,LAGGGGG
,Not Recommended,463680,32868330,Posted: 27 June,all,gbs,Boring generic mmo with nothing original
,Not Recommended,463680,35258723,Posted: 28 September,all,Magnus Bane,"first impression after download, server shutdown...  give me compensation, then i will thumb up"
76561198072280409,Recommended,463680,28826141,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Suporex,"I have changed negative review to positive. It is EA and team are really working to fix things. Game is not fun up to probably level 12, after I only had fun. Reaching the cap of EA soon.I really like that you can respec and change sub class as you want without creating new character.Had a lot of fun trying different builds that people were suggesting on forum untill I found something that suits me.All I say give it a try and play until level 15-20 at least and keep in mind this is EA for now."
,Recommended,463680,28851942,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Bucky D,This game has come along way. Commercial release is great to play.
,Not Recommended,463680,28352641,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,ThatMoku,"No wipe from EA to release and they are deleting negative feedback from players on that decision.  Was looking forward to release to start fresh with the community, but that not in the cards.  I know I could start a fresh character, but it costs money to get mounts and pets, both of which are objectively needed."
76561198065573572,Recommended,463680,28354653,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Secos,"I'm going to go ahead and give Guardians of Ember a thumbs up for now.  Is the game a little rough at first day of Early Access?  Yes.  However, I've seen much much worse from other titles.  Overall, I'm able to enjoy the game and I'm having a lot of fun.  I can see a good foundation for a solid title.  A lot of this IMO will depend on future updates.  However, for $20 I believe I will definitely get my money's worth.-Some Server Lag Day one of EA-Combat has a delay at times and feels slightly out of sync.  This could be caused by the server lag.-Current lvl cap is 30changed back to thumbs up due to frequent updates"
76561198224926832,Recommended,463680,31631515,Posted: 8 May,all,Calina y Xemola,"Okay, played it during EA already and liked it and now after release I still like it.Have to admit that my progress isn't very fast so it will take a fair amount of time until I can check out things like the new Nightmare Difficulty, but I like the idea that something like that is implemented (and the name for it haha) while having some focus on taking care of players in lower levels, too.What I appreciate most is that the actually took a look to the item shop and try to sort everything out that might be a p2w.The game itself might look a bit outdated graphic wise, but it is easy to approach and I was positively surprised by the quite complex character creation already.Nice game and I think the price is not really something too much atm."
76561198030686083,Recommended,463680,30711103,Posted: 24 March,all,Darkness [BRS],After having played the game during the EA it is now pretty much polished and stuff has been fixed. Onward!
76561198043508390,Recommended,463680,29048995,Posted: 5 January,all,jeremy,"Including Diablo on the steam page may be a bit of a marketing mistake that lead to some negative review backlash. To me, it feels more like an isometric mmo with lots of loot drops instead of being a fast ARPG. I like both isometric mmo and tons of loots. So its cool so far.I like that there is a character customizer and that gear actually shows up and changes appearance. Attack speed and running speed are attributes that can be leveled, so starting out, it can feel slow. I like that leveling up takes time, instead of being a rush or way too easy as some games can be.Lots to do so far. Instanced dungeons can be reran for better loot over and over and you can increase the difficulty. I like the graphics, not bad for an isometric game. Instanced housing seems to have lots of ways to customize everything, although I just got a house, that unlocks at lvl 12.Plenty of different ways to spec a character. Devs respond to forum posts and reviews and have implemented some of the community suggestions, such as increasing the amount of character slots, and selling mounts individually instead of just in loot crate orbs (gamble boxes.) Has lots of mmos standard items, tons of achievments with rewards, titles, fishing, crafting, loot DE for enhancing, a card system where mobs drop cards to collect to unlock set bonuses to stats, etc..Includes nifty things such as Boob Slider, Butt, hip and thigh customization, exploding mob body parts, some blood and lots of loots."
