user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198041330288,Recommended,463700,33793913,Posted: 25 July,all,Maxx Saigen,"Tl;DR is the final verdict.Is this game worth buying over the original cloudbuilt? I suppose this may be the question you are asking yourself as you see both games on steam. My answer to that is it mostly likely depends on how much you value steam workshop over everything else. This review will assume you have already read about/played the original.The changes to this game are definitely improvements from the original. The game has been divided into 3 modes, Story, Ranked, and Rush. Story mode, instead of being centered around time attack like the original, can now be taken at a much slower pace. You can find hidden items, go down non-linear paths and get to the exit at your own terms. Ranked mode is the traditional cloudbuilt with time attacks and other challenges, though you have to play through story mode first to unlock those for levels. Rush mode is a sort of do a certain amount of levels in a row and collectively add the time.The levels are much better in this game, and when I say that I mean it. There are new levels added even noticeably early on as well as changes to previous levels. The most noticeable changes are:1. You have a bomb with your pistol, so clearly hordes of enemies or objects is much easier than before.2. There are these new zones that either take away fuel or give you limited fuel, making for little mini challenges in the middle of a level.3. Controls are a huge improvement. Everything feels smoother and less tight like the original.4. Music has been remastered, and just sounds nicer to listen to in general.5. DLC maps are just part of this game. Don't have to buy them seperately.What do I miss about the original? I actually prefered the old world map over this new one. The old one had you in the sky where you would cycle and pick levels, while this new one is just all inside a building. Its not that the building looks ugly, in fact, its a nice area to see expand itself as you complete more levels. Its just that the old one had...charm to it. This version is also, again, is lacking the steam workshop, which can be a huge appeal to replayability.So, the final verdict. should you buy this game over the original? My answer to that is most definitely a yes. While the steam workshop is missing, everything else is too much of an improvement that it feels like you will be missing out on more than you would think. The improvements on controls, the much better story mode, and the amount of extra challenges outside of story mode should allow for a much more enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,463700,33784244,Posted: 25 July,all,Seven(7),"Based of my first impressions, this seems like a very fun game. I wasn't very great at Cloudbuilt, but I did enjoy the game a lot, and this story mode seems to be a lot of fun for people like me, who won't ever get a fastest time in these games. It also have other modes for people who want to do that, but I have not tried them out yet.Either way, if you liked Cloudbuilt, you'll probably like this too, and if you never played Cloudbuilt, I suggest just picking this version up. It's pretty cheap, and has some very fun and rewarding gameplay."
76561198060141768,Recommended,463700,34685750,Posted: 2 September,all,Nosfaerin,"Holy crap! If you've played the first Cloudbuilt, this is nothing but improvements and additions! The UI looks a bit cleaner, the map is easier to access, and the speed is just as breakneck as usual! Ah how I've missed these amazing 3d platforming mechanics! I love this series <3For any newcomers looking to buy this, it is a 3D platformer with an emphasis on managing your boost gauge to overcome obstacles until you reach the end of a level. Each level plays like an obstacle course with breaks between sections (although these breaks become fewer and further between as the levels get harder). Each level is a bit like a Sonic level from the 2D era, with branching paths and many ways to progress through the level. Some sections are more streamlined with only one path, but higher difficulty (a gauntlet if you will) while other sections are more like big open spaces that you can traverse any way you want.This all boils down to become a 3D platformer with an emphasis on speedrunning, where the better you get at using tricky maneuvers (like aiming a grenade at your feet and using it to jump higher) the better your time.The first game (Cloudbuilt) felt like a bunch of separate levels that you tried to have a good time in, but for this game they really made it feel like the goal of your play is to start a New Game and clear all levels without dying/running out of lives, very arcadelike.If any of what I've written sparks your interest, then buy this game! Its an amazing arcade-inspired 3D platformer and you'll be engrossed from start to finish! And if you ever get to a section you just cant complete, keep trying! Thats what the game is all about - repetition towards mastery :)"
,Recommended,463700,33796028,Posted: 25 July,all,ShaDoWLaZeR,"Better than the original in almost every aspect.Pros:- Reworked gameplay which feels really fluid.- Remastered music.- A story mode where you can take your time through the levels.- Rush mode, which contains setlists of levels to complete in one go.- Ranked mode, which is basically the original Cloudbuilt modes.- Visual filters. i.e Vibrant/Sketchy etc.- Classic skins from the first game.- They included the original's DLC in the base game.Cons:- The original's workshop support is missing, but i'm sure it'll come eventually.- I would've liked to have the option to switch to the original's map for quicker level access in story mode at times.-Classic soundtrack isn't included, but being able to switch between classic tracks and remastered tracks in the options would be a nice + if they decide to add it in the future."
,Recommended,463700,33925142,Posted: 31 July,all,Iron,"The perfect way to design a remake.The original game was a masterpiece, with great level design and brilliantly fun mechanics, Super Cloudbuilt adds a level of polish that I couldn't have imagined before playing it.Built from the ground up, this game keeps everything fun about the old game, fixes any problems people might have had with the original and provides an enormous amount of content and refreshing challenges.The work that the developers put in really shows through in the game and it's obvious they've listened to their fan-base to help make a better game, many reviews complain that a game is more expensive than it's worth, but here we have the opposite for me, I would gladly pay twice as much for this game.Re-balanced to have an easier learning curve for beginners and an insanely fun set of mechanics for people to use to get around... this is a game that feels limitless in what you can do and is one of the few games that gets the mechanics good enough that exploring and moving is fun enough that the game isn't always about completing the current goal, but it's easy to start playing around and enjoying the actual levels."
,Recommended,463700,33795256,Posted: 25 July,all,DC,"I've only just started this and it seems really well made, the movement is fluid and natural, zoom about the map like you're playing Mirrors Edge on meth. One thing that was confusing is the maps, you can take multiple routes to each location and there isn't really a navigation system that I've seen, or realised. I may be just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I had to go on verbal audio cues from Demi. Also took me a while to realise because I had Spotify on full blast whilst I was flying about performing jumps that make the dude from Assassins Creed look like a total ♥♥♥♥♥.£15 I can't complain, its a wonderful game. I completely recommend it."
76561198068982092,Recommended,463700,34153711,Posted: 10 August,all,Sgt. Buttersworth [E-308],"Overall, it's sightly better edition Cloudbuild.If you want Cloudbuilt, I'd recommand this one instead.If you already have the original one, it's hard to say if it's worth is or not, depends how much more Cloudbuilt you need in your life.My only problem with it is the level navigation in the story. You have to walk a while to reach the level door and see the difficulty and if it's already completed or not."
,Recommended,463700,33796945,Posted: 25 July,all,.мaяco,"Definitely give this a try if you like fast parkour. It is very enjoyable becoming better and better at movement in this game.It's an improvement over the first game in many aspects, like having seperated story mode with additional items and 'official' ranked mode. Should be a lot easier for newcomers to get into this game as well, as the tutorials and introductions have been improved.If you already played the first game and liked it there is no reason not to get his game."
,Recommended,463700,33796562,Posted: 25 July,all,KeineGnade,"As far as i am able to tell from the short time of playing Super Cloudbuilt. It is a remake/remaster of the first game, but with huge differences. There is a lot less focus on speed running threough the level and more exploration to collect items, but it retains the fun fast-paced movement and mix of combat to make it a very enjoyable game. After completeing the level in story you then get the ""Ranked"" Levels where the speedrunning is. The hub world and level selector is new with you going through doors in hallways with a number and the name of the level next to the door. The hall expands with a new level as you complete the last and then expands into even more halls for more levels and it's kind of cool how you have these branching halls all named after a tree type. This is much different from Cloudbuilt which is somewhat a shame because I enjoyed the little 3D models of the level you would be going to, however you do get this panning camera that goes through some of the highlights of the level. Besides that, this game is excellent and a huge difference from the original cloudbuilt with a retelling of the story with more dialogue and commentary from the main character than in the original game.There are some new additions like dissipator fields which nullify all use of your boosters. Then Resistor field which limit your use of boosters to a very small bar (About 1/4th of the fuel is useable). You now have an alternative fire which acts like a grenade that sticks to whatever you shoot. Also, your left click charge shot charges extremely quickly and acts more like a shotgun than an explosive shot like in CloudbuiltI guess the only downside I see is that there is no level editor as of now and no steam workshop to upload custom levels like the original. Still a very solid game and I hope tha tthe dev adds this feature fro mthe original game"
,Recommended,463700,33988895,Posted: 3 August,all,AliceTheGorgon,"Revamped controls and levels, along with consumable powerups (for story mode only) that you can earn by beating various challenges, make completing the story mode actually possible for us mere mortals. Yay!Some of the levels are still pretty tricky, but at least I have options now, other than dedicating my entire life to practicing the game. Which is nice.Of course, the normal speedrunning mode is still there, and still as hard and ridiculously competitive as ever, but now with remixed levels alongside the originals, and new weapons and modes, and with more skins for your character.If you mostly liked the original, but thought it was a bit too frustrating, then I'd definitely encourage you to pick this version up.If you're one of the people who was actually good at the original, then you'll find more of the same, but with more polish and more variety.As miscellaneous info for if you do pick up the game: the ""Reaction Trigger"" power-up is amazing (especially when you use two); and you should never use the Fog Core on your main save slot, use it on a secondary one instead."
,Recommended,463700,34318112,Posted: 17 August,all,Bowling4Kleers,"A remake/remix of the original title. While it may seem redundant for owners of the original, there's plenty of new levels, most levels are remixed to some extent, and there's *just* enough changes in player movement to shoot for leaderboards all over again. Still prefer the world map over the new level hub though.Gotta go fast."
,Recommended,463700,34388208,Posted: 20 August,all,Mr. A.J. Naz,I wasnt expecting this much fun from a game I bought on a whim just from how it looked in the screen shots. Reminds me of borderlands and XIII from older platforms I used to play on. Takes a lot of falling to get used to. Had some help from twitch chat.
76561198046311355,Recommended,463700,33800753,Posted: 25 July,all,Khronikos,"Honestly, it's not going to be that much different than the core original. It's still the same game despite massive overhauls in code base. But that doesn't mean it's not worth the cost. The game is so much more polished now, and I would say everyone should give it a try that is a fan of compelling and competitive platformers. This game is just plain fun. This is Mega Man in 3D done right like never before.I didn't play the entire game of the original, but it was definitely a bit different and less polished than this experience. There were so many parts in the original where I was yelling at camera and controls I just had to put the game down. And most of that is all relaxed and righted in this release.Right away you will to need customize all of your controls to suit your liking just like before. This means deadzones, input accelerations, et cetera. And dear lord is it nice that a game like this which requires precision controls gives you all these customization options. Anyone can pretty much get it perfect with a little time and experimentation.And the control input has been smoothed over leading to a much more fun game IMO. before you would get stuck on all kinds of stuff along the levels. It was problematic despite being a very cool experience at the core. Like playing a low budget game without enough testing. But they have pretty much solved all that.Gone is the random map they gave you, and instead you get a nice hub world to select your levels. The graphics are improved a ton, and the filter they use for the sketchy look is not so pervasive. Graphics options are extended and welcomed, and they have sliders for levels of detail and draw distance among others. This game runs perfectly at 4K 60FPS maxed out on my 1070. It's a beauty now and much more refined in certain areas. Unlocks and overall presentation are much easier to understand, so noobs will be not left in the dark as much.Overall, Super Cloudbuilt is better than the original in every way. It has a better tone, it has improved graphics and controls, and most importantly it's a very fun game with amazing mechanics and platforming. Highly recommended."
76561198063920595,Recommended,463700,33941167,Posted: 31 July,all,Egres122,"Basically the original game Cloudbuilt but with a better layout, tighter controls and additional incentives to explore and replay levels. If it was developed by Capcom it would be called Cloudbuilt: Special Edition. If you own the original buy this one for a better experience. If you didn't play the original, purchase this one for a great experience."
,Recommended,463700,34445597,Posted: 23 August,all,emil_hedgehog,"Sequel to the free-running platformer from 2014, keeping all the movement and speed mechanics intact whilst adding items to help new players through the increasingly challenging courses. I enjoyed playing this version more than its predecessor thanks to those items and allowed me to fully complete all the courses available, whereas in the previous game some of the later stages were too difficult. The artstyle is still visually striking and lovely, and the music is still very enjoyable to listen to. Pick this up if you're a speed-running master, or if you want a nice parkour game to test your reflexes."
,Recommended,463700,33945565,Posted: 1 August,all,Dinosawer,Cloudbuilt was great. Super Cloudbuilt is even greater.
,Recommended,463700,33800650,Posted: 25 July,all,Antopsy,"Want to befast? Need to feel air passing through, traversing terrain in a breeze, leaving everything behind in one swift perilous move? Would you like your problems dissolve as you make your way across impassable terrain leaving all your worries behind in one big leap? Free you mind, Neo, and jump – it’s going to be fun.You don’t really need to play the original Cloudbuilt to enjoy the new, reworked and polished Super Cloudbuilt. The story is pretty much a recurrence of the original, but less cryptic and more detailed. As you travel across bizarre constructions that resemble Tsutomu Nihei’s worlds, you’ll hear a poetic tale of a girl, trapped inside her own mind, while recovering from a war trauma. The voice acting is great. You’ll hear your character react to steep ledges, failed attempts or directions changes. She’ll tell you if you got lost or heading the right way, hinting that there’s always another path to take.There are many ways to enjoy this game. Speedrunning through the level as fast as possible, getting all the collectibles, finding the best routes or just free roaming and having fun – it’s up to you. Experienced Cloudbuilt players will find the new engine more fluid, controls more responsive. Levels are bigger and got way more attention to detail. There are different weapons now, new mechanics: like areas where your jet pack doesn’t work, and the gravity pulls you down. Those new to the game will be able to dive into the world of Cludbuilt with solid engine, improved graphics and the story that feels more natural and complete.Overall it’s a return of an amazing game, it’s still good old Cloudbuilt, which got bigger, stronger and mature. Follow the path of a little girl that can run on walls, outride thunder and dodge bullets - if you dare."
,Recommended,463700,33883067,Posted: 29 July,all,37Beers,"I'm really enjoying this game so far. I never played the origional cloudbuilt, so all of this is new to me. I've completed the first 3 levels of story mode and learned a lot of the basic mechanics. The movement feels spot on EVERY time and I don't feel ♥♥♥♥ed over by a weird ledge grab or skipping over an edge when I don't want to. The story is very generic but that's absolutely okay because this really isn't a story game... The game also gave me a reason to revisit old levels with various rule sets like 1 hit deaths, mininum boost, or pacifist runs. The game runs brilliantly as well so no worries there.10/10 It's a good time. Thanks!"
76561198003694182,Recommended,463700,33797179,Posted: 25 July,all,Orbbb24,"Video at bottom of review.This is a fast paced platformer that feels crisp and offers a lot of freedom of movement. It is very fluid and feels incredibly responsive. When I hit a button, it just goes. I rarely feel like the game didn't do what I asked and even when I do feel that way, it is realistically probably just me messing up an input due to the speed. Clearly a great game for anyone looking to speed run. The story seems a little meh but that is far from the focus of the game so I don't put much merit in it.I would have to say that the biggest flaw of the game is the life system. More importantly, how the life system operates upon losing all your lives. You gain the ability to hold more lives as you progress through the game. However, should you happen to run out of all of them, they only start you off with 6 out of your maximum amount. You are then instructed to go to a station where it will max out your lives. They is just inconvientient. There is no purpose in only given my 6 lives if you provide a machine that is just a hallway away that will max it out for me. Just start me off with all my lives.That is a very minor gripe and overall this game is a must buy for someone that enjoys the idea of a fast platformer with high precision movement and aiming that offers you so much freedom that finding a way is really up to you. 100% recommended.Feel free to check out my video on the game. This is much less of a review and more of just a Let's Play of sorts.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyqPosMg7oY"
76561197998931315,Recommended,463700,33799277,Posted: 25 July,all,TinFoilMkIV,"Super Cloudbuilt is an excellent 3d precision platformer. It does an excellent job at creating a sense of freedom and control while providing a good variety of challenges and obstacles at varying difficulties.[Differences from original]quick section for those who have played or know of the original wondering what makes this version worth playing. Don't worry I'll get into more details of the game in general right after this.This game is a remaster of the original Cloudbuilt. It keeps the overall feel and concept of the original game intact and almost all of the original stages are represented in some form. The game itself has been rebuilt from the ground up, and according to the devs they did not reuse even a single line of code for the player controls and movement. Almost everything about the game has been overhauled and I haven't seen anything I could objectively say is worse. All the stages are here in some form, and while some will seem very familiar, they've all been given updates, from small tweaks and environmental improvements, to stages being completely rebuilt around the concepts of the original stage. The game of course also includes entirely new levels as well.The story has been similarly redone, keeping the same concepts and ideas of the original but remade. They have also added a lot more hidden collectibles and such to the stages as well as a new system for consumables to help make the tougher stages more achievable for struggling players without affecting the leaderboards.Also very worth noting, the entire soundtrack was remastered as well and it's even more fantastic than before.[back to the main game stuff]So the game itself includes a combination of movement oriented obstacles as well as combat based ones. Stages are grouped into ""wings"", and each wing generally has a theme or focus, with some having a stronger focus on combat over platforming, and vice versa. While the early stages are relatively simple, they do a good job at introducing a lot of the techniques and obstacle types before the game ramps up into the more serious stuff. The progression is very non-linear both in and outside the stages, as you can travel between any unlocked area at any time, allowing the player to choose the types of stages they enjoy to focus on as they choose. The stages themselves do quite a good job at presenting the player with many different routes and tactics to approach the obstacles with. There are certainly times where things become more linear, though there is usually at least two routes through any section barring some of the toughest segments, though it's entirely possible I simply missed the alternative approach.The game does become very tough at the high end, but provides a good array of challenges and tools to allow players to build their skills along the way, and you are not required to clear the hardest stages to reach the end of the story mode. Also there are multiple ends to the story as well.The environments and overall aesthetic of the game are excellent in my opinion, and the soundtrack is not only very fitting, but very excellent on it's own.Overall this is a fantastic game with a fantastic soundtrack. If this sounds at all like something you might enjoy, I would certainly recomend picking it up."
76561198051831496,Recommended,463700,33796546,Posted: 25 July,all,Loyf,It's a really good 3d platformer that gives you fun movement abilities and a ton of control.
76561197988621854,Recommended,463700,33798355,Posted: 25 July,all,NoPanDa,"This game to me is mostly a platformer with a lot of action and a lot of rewarding exploration. The levels are huge and complx, filled with pickups and other rwards for those that take the time to look around the corner.The controlls are spot on, you never blame the game for your deaths, you know that you are to blame and what to doa bout it, just the way it should be.Just finished the 4 of the endings and tried a bit of the ranked mode and I still feel like I got a lot left in the game.There are loads of challanging fun, and as long as you like exploring or challenging yourself you got more than enough replay value for the money."
,Recommended,463700,35486346,Posted: 4 October,all,Dry Oats,"Super Cloudbuilt is easily one of the best games I've played in a long time. I can't think of any other game that captures the sense of speed and dynamic movement found in Super Cloudbuilt. In that regard, Super Cloudbuilt truly is a masterful work of art.The game gives the player a multitude of ways to tackle any given level, and encourages creativity with many movement options at your disposal. As you hone your skills and become more confident with your abilities, new paths will open to you, and you'll be able to traverse gorgrous dreamscapes in ways you thought impossible before.If you like what you see from the gameplay trailer, do not hesitate to buy this game."
76561198066378922,Recommended,463700,33869514,Posted: 28 July,all,Ragnar,"I absolutely adore everything about this game. Worth every penny, worth it even if you own the old one. Quality product unlike anything else we see on the market..  I tend to have a top game in every genre, and this stands among my top games as a personal favorite of my collection and is likely my favorite single player game altogether."
76561198336780188,Recommended,463700,33801408,Posted: 25 July,all,carlmontex2,"This is a fantastic retooling of the first game, really enjoying the focus on more open level design and more rewarding exploration. The level select being replaced by the new hub area does a nice job of keeping you more immersed in the game too."
,Recommended,463700,33905281,Posted: 30 July,all,underthumb,"Beautiful, Contemplative, ExhilaratingSuper Cloudbuilt is about an injured, bed-ridden soldier who must come to terms with her past through a simulation of rocket-propelled parkour across impossible landscapes. The further you advance in the game, the more revelations the protagonist has about herself.What makes Super Cloudbuilt amazing to play is the finely tuned movement mechanics, which arguably provide the best third-person parkour experience available. While there are modes for speed runners, there's also a deep campaign where you can almost always go at your own pace.I played the original Cloudbuilt, but bounced off it quickly. In contrast, Super Cloudbuilt clicked almost immediately. Years of iterations on movement mechanics and level design have significantly improved the game."
,Recommended,463700,33829961,Posted: 27 July,all,Tankor Smash,"Plays like the version of Cloudbuilt I had originally wanted with the first one. This has new story, new maps, new unlocks, new engine, controller support, structure, features and mechanics, the whole nine yards.Even the combat is better, they must have tweaked the way combat works in terms of visual feedback because it's much more interesting, and there's even more generous auto aim on your weapons so you're spending less time aiming and more time jumping, which I think is much more important anyway.The way it works now, instead of a level select menu, is that you're in an abstract room with doors to levels and each time you beat a level, the room grows and grows into a larger building. It's kinda cool to see where the map expands to each time. It branches out so if you get stuck on one map you can try another path to get further that way.One thing I don't understand is that if you quit your mission, your lives don't reset, you need to run back to this locker to refill your lives. You'd think just exiting the mission would be enough to refill them. I think it's for some achievement maybe, like beat the entire game without losing a life. I dunno, it's a weird choice because it's the one thing about this game that doesn't flow really nicely.As for the negatives, there's an enemy type that has a shield and just gets nearer and nearer, it only becomes vulnerable at random intervals it seems like. It's not very fun but you can just run away so I guess that's fine.If you were curious about Cloudbuilt 1, this is the definitive version as far as I'm concerned. I've played 4 hours of the original and I'm already at 3 hours of this one.Dev forum post claims not one single line of code is reused and you can definitely tell that it's all revamped."
76561198060445418,Recommended,463700,33822552,Posted: 26 July,all,jchaosmaster,I have one thing to post. The fun they have you in the first game is back for blood. Now what was once a simple pee shooter being used to fight off hords of evil robots is now a pee shooter with homing bullets and a shot gun style charge attack. Haven't gotten out of the second level but i can see that alot has improved since the last one.If your the kinda person that like Dark soul hard games then this is a great game to add to your library. Defently rating this one as good.
,Recommended,463700,33859385,Posted: 28 July,all,arkthehero,"I've said it before, but Cloudbuilt is how I would have liked the platforming of a 3D Mega Man X game to feel. I'd like to stop there, as personally, that's all I would need to have heard to buy these games, but this is a sequel / remake, so how does it compare?Simply, it's better in every way compared to the original Cloudbuilt, although I did prefer the speed and simplicity of the level selection in the original. The control of your character is better, there are more graphical options, the story doesn't ask you to speed run the levels, the gun has more than one bullet type, and you can hoard powerups to use on a particularly challenging stage. Also let's not forget, the stages have plenty of replayability.For me, Super Cloudbuilt is a 3D platformer deserving of a 9.5 out of 10.But that's me, if you value things like story, it will probably rate lower with you. I honestly would be happy if it was just a level select and stages. The bit of story there is feels totally unnecessary as a motivation to play the game."
,Recommended,463700,35388165,Posted: 1 October,all,Sacrificial Toast,Very enjoyable
,Not Recommended,463700,34031234,Posted: 4 August,all,Xillius,"This game is much more combat and a lot less speed running. If you want to shoot things buy this game. If you want to speed run fluid content, buy the original Cloudbuilt.If you are a cult fan like myself you will want to buy this game either way but I'm going to have to say that this game is not that great."
76561197993668040,Not Recommended,463700,35070211,Posted: 19 September,all,Spiked-Wall Man,"When the original Cloudbuilt came out: ♥♥♥♥ REDEPLOYMENTWhen the Defiance DLC for the original Cloudbuilt came out: ♥♥♥♥ DEFIANCE, ♥♥♥♥ THESE ♥♥♥♥ING MUTANT SPEEDRUNNERSWhen this came out: ♥♥♥♥ THE ♥♥♥♥ING FOG COREI have a love-hate-relationship with this game"
,Not Recommended,463700,33819788,Posted: 26 July,all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"My review of the originalCloudbuiltcan be viewedhere.So much has improved since I've last played this; time trial focus in story mode (why?), cheap deaths, poor collision detection... it's all been properly addressed.Yet the one thing that would truly makeCloudbuiltplayable, a shining platforming gem worthy of a purchase, hasn't been: the lack of weight and inertia in the protagonist's movement. Too fast and slippery with no build up -- unacceptable for a game that asks for a relatively high degree of platforming accuracy.Long story short:Mirror's EdgeandGunValkyriestill do it better in 2017, but the frustration factor, while unnecessary, is somewhat more adaptable here."
