user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,463980,33892660,Posted: 29 July,all,Chudah,"I love Solitairica.  I haven't felt this way about a game in I can't even remember how long.  There are a dozen other games I need to get to right now, but I keep jumping back in for one more run.  Before I know it I've clicked away 3 hours of my life, and I don't even care.  Rogue-lite solitaire is something I've never considered, but here we are with one hell of a strategic card game that's much more compelling that it looks on the surface, and is quite possibly my favorite solitaire game ever.I've never played a rogue-like before.  The prospect of losing my progress upon every death is something I don't think I'll ever find enjoyable, not when my time is valuable.  Solitairica is a rogue-lite game, however.  Your journeys to defeat Emperor Stuck may end in failure, but you'll still gather gems that can be used to level up the different card decks giving you powerful bonuses and extra equipment slots for your next run.  These  may not sound like much, but that lucky boost when you need it most makes all the difference in the world.  You can also purchase continues that allow you to pick up after failed battles.  They're a bit pricey and you need to buy them before you start the encounter, but they're definitely worth it if you're far enough along and worried about bad luck taking you out.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1095639731Make no mistake, as with any good solitaire game, luck of the draw is a big aspect of the gameplay.  Finding ways to overcome it with smart ability use is incredibly enjoyable, though.   Even when I fail, I'm determined to make another run because I know that with a little tweaking of my strategy, perhaps a bit of luck on items, and more favorable boss trait combos, I'll make it a step further than I did before.  And if I don't, well those precious gems will never go to waste.Being forced to play through several times allows you to experiment with different ability combinations that may not have originally occurred to you.  The store's inventory is random after every battle, so you may never come across the one ability you've based your entire strategy on.  While this may sound frustrating, I cannot tell you how many times I was forced to try an approach I never thought was optimal only to realize how powerful that strategy really is.  There are several strategies for each deck adding flexibility and longevity to the gameplay.Each of the different playable decks have a hero theme, and it's entertaining how the game conveys the essence of these iconic RPG classes with only the flip of a few cards.  The rogue deck channels the quick strikes and swift movements of the agile class, allowing you to overwhelm your opponents before they have a chance to counter.  Wizards may have weak defenses but their devastating attacks can turn the tide of battle when they need it most.  All of the decks are unique in how they're played which makes mastering each a challenge and a joy.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1091644277My one and only complaint is the RNG on later boss traits.  Certain traits are almost impossible to overcome when rolled together; even the best of luck won't net you a win as the disadvantage is too strong.  Still, this has only happened a handful of times for me, and I've found myself with manageable combos more often than not.  But it can be frustrating to have a good run ruined by something totally out of your control.That said, I've already plugged nearly 30 hours into Solitairica and I've only cleared half of the decks.  The amount of entertainment and enjoyment I've received from the $10 I've spent rivals most other games with two to three times the pricetag.  If you love solitaire and enjoy a challenge, then do yourself a favor and grab this gem.  Just know that it's no walk in the park.  You WILL fail...A LOT,  but when you succeed that feeling of accomplishment is like nothing else."
,Recommended,463980,24012721,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Athravan,"One has to question why with 800+ games I have not yet played, I decided to buy a game based around Solitaire, and then played it for 20+ hours straight. What can I say?It was in the Summer Sale.Either I have some serious problems or this is a pretty decent card game. Actually, I guess it could be both!Solitairica is a fairly simple take on the +1 deck clearing games (spider solitaire) with an RPG/combat twist.If you're into this genre, you've probably played a ton of near identical games.  I don't usually play many card games at the PC as there are a million more distractions there, but this one intrigued me enough to pull it out of the pack.  The core gameplay is basic spider - you get a deck of cards, you get a board, and you clear the board by matching the cards +1 up or down in as long a sequence as you can muster. There is an added RPG/Strategy element which makes the game a lot more unique than the other card games I've played lately. Each card has a bonus magic associated with it (four magics + gold cards), and that magic can be used to cast spells. You can take five spells into a game with you, and additionally equip four bonus items. Instead of simply playing to clear the board; you're playing to clear the board before dying. You have health, and each game pits you not only against a board but against an enemy. The enemy draws damage/ability/special effect cards each turn and plays them against you, and you need to adjust to play around that. A lot of the abilities are interesting and unique, and do actually make you play differently, whilst others are just a standard ""hit you for x health"" deal. Strong abilities have a cooldown timer, so you know to prepare.Roguelite card games? Roguelite everything these days.It's described as a ""roguelite"", which these days basically means ""some sort of progression that unlocks even if you lose hey please buy our game we've added a buzz word"", and I guess I can't deny that it has a roguelike element, although in rogue terms it's extremely shallow. As you play you unlock coins and gems, which allow you to customize spells, items, upgrade and purchase new decks. You get a run of 18 boards (fights) to get to the boss, each with a different mob type with some random elements thrown in. If you die, you lose the run, and you can upgrade your decks and then start at fight 1 again. So to win, you need to successfully complete all 18 fights in sequence - and then you can do that with each of the five classes (decks). On the whole, I'm a bit fed up of every game having the term rogue attached to it, but the unlockable system does give some motivation to keep going even whilst losing, or to repeat levels and adds a secondary layer of progression to unlock the different decks.I hope you like RNG with your RNG.The game starts off incredibly easy and quickly gets pretty difficult. It is very RNG - it has not only the RNG of the board to begin with (you can be on fight 17 and flip over 10 cards you can't use and you are guaranteed to die, but that is solitaire for you), but it also has the RNG of the bosses and the RNG of the spells they use and the RNG of the spells/items available in the shop, and hey, in case RNG for breakfast, lunch and dinner wasn't enough - it's even RNG how many gems seem to pop up on a level. If easily frustrated by RNG then this may bother you. For me, it's fine, honestly, it's a card game, it's going to have incredible amounts of RNG. I am an expert at dying in every type of game, so why not add card games in there too!Too many words already - is the damn thing fun?I sink a lot of spare hours into Fairway Solitaire, which is probably the pinnacle of mobile card-gaming when it comes to popularity and users. Does this game compare with the big league? Actually - it really does. It's fun to play! It has more depth and more strategy, and has a real sense of progression and customization as you play. On the downside, it's not as polished, the animations are a bit slow and clunky, which someone who likes fast-paced play (spoilers - me!) may find a little frustrating. Some of the time I feel I could have completed the level in the time it takes the animations to turn over two cards. Do you know what you don't want in a card game? Blank time sitting staring at the screen waiting for a card to flip over. This has been slightly addressed with a ""Fast Animation"" tick box in the options; so obviously a known bone of contention, but even with fast play on it plays considerably slower than the iPad card games I'm so used to.Grindy - but thankfully, not boring!It can get grindy and repetitive - but that shouldn't be a big problem for people who enjoy solitaire style games, as the card decks are randomized so no two games are identical and if you like this genre it won’t get boring. It's a game that would work perfectly on mobile and honestly feels like that's the intention, but it would not fetch this price there, so whether you feel like this is worth a purchase on the PC is up to you. Content wise, with 20 hours in it, I could easily see it taking me another 20 hours just to complete the campaign on all the decks, but once that is done and I have all the achievements, I don’t think I would keep playing it on the PC. If I was on mobile, I could easily see myself picking this up when I had 15 minutes of downtime to kill.On the whole this is a card game in a world where there are thousands upon thousands of card games, that has managed to give itself an edge to appeal to a gamer looking for both traditional cardplay as well as interesting and unique gameplay elements.It looks good, it sounds good, it's fun to play so stop reading and get clicking.It's not perfect, it's not going to replace my #1 card game, but it definitely kept me engaged and playing, so a strong recommendation from me."
76561197970585058,Recommended,463980,23377415,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Varkster,"I'm very tenatively recommending this. It's borderline, just because of one almost crippling negative.The first game I had was brilliant. Totally enjoyed it.The problem I have is with it is the ""roguelike progression"" description. And the ""Every time you get stronger"" announcement when you lose. No you don't. You have to do a lot of grindingmanygames before you get a very very small amount 'stronger' - and then do it all again a few more times. And that seems about it.And the griding is flawed. It's far quicker to do the first level over and over, rather then actively play the game properly. There is no reward benefit for doing well (on a time-played basis).Ifyou could keep, say, one item or spell for the next round (which you would then permanantly have access to at the start) this would be amassiveimprovement to the game, imo. As it is, after grinding for an hour or so to unlock the first (pretty much worthless, tbh) 'upgrade' I really can't see any motivation to try and progress.It's a fun game, and the spells/items really do make it quite a lot more than just a standard solitaire game. But losing everything after every game more or less destroys the whole purpose of putting it in an RPG-like setting, imo.It feels like a mobile game heavily designed towards IAPs for progression, although I can't find it on the app stores yet. The portrait oriented windowed mode seems to confirm this. But there are no IAPs on the Steam version; and so practically no way of progressing.If you like solitaire enough to play exactly the same game over and over (and yes; I understand that's what solitaire is all about), then this is probably a great game. If, like me, you were expecting to have some feeling that by playing more you were likely to be able to progress further, then maybe look for something else."
,Recommended,463980,31244363,Posted: 19 April,all,Steph,"Well, one thing is for sure, this game sure is different from any other solitaire game I've played. It's rather addicting, even if it is repetitive. Normally I don't like turn-based games, but when you add a game element that I love then it's another story. In 10 hours playtime, I have only defeated the ""Monk"" mode lol. I am a bad rpg gamer. But yea, If you can grab this on sale and you love this sort of genre then I suggest giving it a try."
,Recommended,463980,31974354,Posted: 26 May,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"Solitairica is a solitaire/rogue-lite/ccg with hours of fun.Pros:+ Beautiful UI and gfx+ Adds innovative play to solitaire+ Fun+ Enough content to keep you playing onNeutral:~ Soundtrack and sfx could have been betterCons:- Price is a bit steep, wait for a sale7/10 Its a little gem if you catch it on sale. Fun."
,Recommended,463980,25451564,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Robear,"Solitairica is a new example of the long-running genre of solitaire meta-gaming, where the actual playing of the game is just part of the game, with the player able to level up, gain buffs, and deal with specific challenges and debuffs in each solitaire hand. And it's one of the best I've seen in years.The gold standard for these is Fairway Solitaire, which riffed on the golf variant of solitaire and simulated rounds of golf with solitaire replacing swings. Likewise, Regency Solitaire tells a Jane Austen style of story in hands of solitaire. Each of these had an engaging metagame to keep you going during the grind of playing the same *kind* of game over and over.Solitairica blends the Roguelike with Solitaire. What this means is that your character will only live as long as it has not lost a hand. One loss? Dead, start over. BUT. You get to keep some of your advances over time, so you will slowly become more powerful and able to survive longer and longer naturally, as you play.The game retains the whimsical, humorous feel that is common to casual games and solitaire especially. You'll fight silly monsters who cry when you defeat them, and the sounds are plinky and plunky. We're all familiar with this style. But when put into the Roguelike paradigm, it's entertainingly light, and it reduces the frustration of starting over after a death to almost nothing. Even enemies with lots of deadly skills are also humorously presented. They have weaknesses too, often, so there's no difficulty cliff. Just entertaining frustration.The game mechanics involve the four ""suits"" of the cards. Each card of a type played powers a store of energy which can be used to cast spells that aid you in your play. You have to buy the spells and set up your list of spells for a hand, so there's strategy in that. And the spells can radically affect the gameplay, which is good because the game is out to kill you. Facing a character who can kill you in two swipes is made easier by being able to stun it for several turns at a go, provided the cards turn the right way for you. You also can buy ""gear"" to take into fights for advantages.All that stuff resets with each death, but you earn the currency in-game easily, so no problem. There are also a few items that bestow benefits permanently, and in a very interesting addition, you can buy new *decks*, with different card focuses and different bonus cards. So you can alter your play style completely over time. These latter items and decks are bought with currency you earn only upon death. The further you make it, the more you have to play with to affect your game.Solitairica is a very solid solitaire game with lots of little changes to the game as you play, which keeps it fresh. And as a roguelike, it is not trad (no little ampersands chasing carets around), but it does have solid mechanics and lots of choices for each life. I find that the two game types are blended equally and this will interest you no matter whether you're a solitaire or roguelike fan."
,Recommended,463980,32949306,Posted: 28 June,all,𝓢𝓱𝔂𝓭𝓻𝓪𝓲,"Had fun playing this one and it was just the right amount of challenging for me.  I have been able to complete almost all of the achievments, very doable."
,Recommended,463980,25023491,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,CitizenX3639,"Thanks to the Developers/ Publishers at Riteoues Hammer Games for creating a game that provided hours of entertainment, (the good) frustrartion and escape.Solitarica is a game that took the simplicity of a two century old card game added some rouge like  progression, turn based combat with RPG fantasy elements and made it into the ever growing family of one more game/mission success.  I think its crazy and genius at the same time but what do you expect from 2 Popcap veterns where making simple fun was their calling card..Solitarica follows tradtional basic solitaire rules(see bottom of page) but the challenge of the game is set up as turn based against an opponent. At the start of each hand you start with 10 health and have 4 energies. This energy will be charged when successfully playing a card from your deck and when you are unable to play, you pass to your opponent. The 4 energies you have at your disposal consists of attack (destroy cards), defense (counter and armor), agility (peeking and quickness) and willpower (healing and the arcane). The enemy will also have a variety of annoying cards to stop you in your tracks. Some of these include attack, adding more cards, poisioning cards, changing cards, stun, energy drain, etc. Each enemy and boss also has their own unique special skill such as one changes all face cards to coins, another can do massive damage, and another enemy makes cards thorny so when you pick the card you take damage. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s every one.As with all rouge game progression is also an important key but also one im struggling if its fair. After each battle, if you win, you will have the option to spend money you earned in the store to upgrade spells or buffs. This is where the game within a game excels... somewhat. Do you take more health, or do you need more shield do you save money for later, do you start with more energy? My problem with this part of the game is it's completely random and what i found out later in deck #5 was basically without a certain card or buff i dont think you can win without some serious, serious luck. I never beat deck #5 after getting to the boss 4 times. A real super ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Is a static store inventory the solution, i dont know.To win Solitarica you have to win 18 battles against a diverse group of enemies and then defeat the boss for each deck. As with rouge games any loss you have to restart from the begining and some can be painful which i think is what you want in a rouge like game. It makes every move important and every decision meaningful.  RNG is of course another factor and its pretty fair but I cant tell you how many times during a run i won with my last play. There are 6 decks but the enemies and boss remain the same for each deck as the only differnce is in the cards that will be available. As an example each deck has all energies but the majority of cards in the deck are based on the deck you are playing. If playing deck #1(easy) most cards will be attack and defense and the ballbreaker deck #5(vetern) is agility and defense. This keeps each deck fresh and really made you change strategy and use cards that were useless in other decks. Its a really cool balance.Asthetically the game is very basic in its design and sound but it all works perfectly and its flawless. Its the simplicity of going on a long run hearing the coins multiply as you flip your 10th card in a row or that little wa-wa when you miss a play. The enemy art designs are perfect as well as they all are unique as they sit atop the screen starring you down as they try to pound you into submission and whether you win or lose the opening of the scroll for those rewards is always satisfying. I understand the reasoning for the grayish tint that seems to be the pallette for the game but i think i would like to have seen some more brighter colors at the start and it get darker near the end. Stupid thought, i have no talent.Holy crap, I have 53 hrs in this game. Its a life stealer, time killer and an absolute must buy. Its the perfect laptop watch tv, listen to podcast, evening chill game and i loved every second. Except for deck #5.PositivesAddicting one more mission/ gameFlawless presentationOne of the best tutorals ive ever seenTwisting one of the simpliest games ever into a diffiult, startegic rouge like successGreat laptop gameNegativesThe RNG of the store offerings can spell your doom before you even know itSolitaire- The BasicsIf you dont know solitaire, like all card games there are hundreds of versions but the game mostly follows probably the most popular with a few modifications. In solitaire you take a 52 card deck and deal out 7 different stacks in groups of 5 cards flipping the last card on each group face up. This leaves you with a deck of 17 cards in hand where you will then flip up the top card. To win you have to eliminate your hand. To do this, as an example, if you have an Ace(suits do not matter) in your hand if there is a K or 2 on the board(sequntial), you can play the ace on either one and then turn your next card. The game follows this premise with for a few changes to the amount of cards in each stack and the the amount of stacks depending on the mission number. There is an absolute terrific tutorial in the game that breaks everything out if this does not help."
,Recommended,463980,31328487,Posted: 23 April,all,TheTGB,"Good game for those who like golf style solitaire. Wouldn't pay full price ($10) unless it had other modes, but on sale it is a good purchase. Pretty well done.9/10 (screw the jam guy)"
,Recommended,463980,33477984,Posted: 12 July,all,Rafael M.,"Solitaire is a difficult game to hold the attention of anyone today, with so many modern games and entertainment options, although it was a good hobby in the Windows 95 era. Thinking of making this card game more interesting and exciting, the developers of Righteous Hammer Games have createdSolitairica, a game that brings a new a twisted way of playing Solitaire, as well as being heavily inspired by the puzzle RPG ‘Puzzle Quest’ and having roguelike elements such as randomization and permanent death.The game consists of 18 battles. Whoever succeeds in eliminating the opponent wins. The player is defeated by losing all life, while the computer loses the match when the player manages to eliminate all cards from the table, which are combined in the sequence used in Solitaire (A, 2 , 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q, K). The interesting thing is that the cards can also do sequence in reverse, so if there is a card 5 on the table, you can combine it with either 4 or 6.There are four elements: attack, defense, agility, and willpower, randomized on each card – and lastly, coin cards that can be used for long term upgrades. When you stack some elements you can cast spells that may change the tide of the battle. The AI can also cast spells, which in this case, make it difficult for the player to combine cards. It takes a good deal of strategy to figure out how to deal with each different situation. It’s important to notice that the tutorial is very well done and helps a lot to learn how to play. Descriptions of each card or spell are also available by hovering the mouse cursor over them.The game is very challenging, and if the player loses one battle, it will have to start from the beginning, unless he or she buys a special, expensive item: the Celestial Hourglass, which gives one more try. There are ten decks available - a initial one and nine that can be unlocked. Each one brings different spells and abilities that can be used, and it is possible to acquire new power-ups between each battle.All sound effects of Solitairica are very well done, however, there are no songs during the battles, only in their transitions and in the menus. According to the developers, this decision was a design choice, since they believe that the songs would get boring by being played repeatedly for a long time, so it is recommended that you mute the music of the game and listen to your playlist.All in all, Solitairica provides a fun and addictive experience for all audiences. Even with its high difficulty, the gameplay is very fluid, addictive and fun – it’s an excellent choice for both casual and hardcore gamers.Positives* Easy to learn and play* Addictive and fun* High replay value and variety* Difficult yet fair, and very well balancedNegative* There are no songs in battles, making the game a little empty if played without your own music"
,Recommended,463980,26346338,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Yunie Rozier,"First of all I start saying this game is addicting.That said, let's talk about the gameplay.Solitairica combines solitaire mechanics with RPG and rougelike elements.You have to follow a path consisting of 18 fights with just as many different bosses.Each boss has different skills, that change from game to game, making each gameplay unique.Before each battle you can visit the store, where you can buy new spells and items, which are also randomly generated each time.The aim of every fight is to remove all the cards before losing your HP; in case they reach 0, you'll have to start the path again, losing all objects and spells previously purchased.Another feature is that you can choose from 6 different decks to use on your journey, each of which has different basic skills and that can be customized.Solitairica is a brilliant idea that achieves its purpose of amusing the player, renewing itself on every play."
,Recommended,463980,29136573,Posted: 9 January,all,aoihekireki,Really fun twist on Solitaire.Wish I had known that it was on android before buying it through steam as I think it will play better on a tablet than on a computer.Great game for passing time.
76561198052961126,Recommended,463980,30158784,Posted: 24 February,all,xx,"This is an excellent game in a surprisingly underpopulated niche on steam. It is very easy to get into. Nevertheless, it also involves much more strategic choice than other solitaire games that feature special powers, since you will eventually have to make choices about your loadouts during each run. There are sufficient differences between the unlockable decks to keep things fresh. Luck plays a role in each run--you may find yourself praying that the next move pans out--but even if a run goes badly, it isn't a waste. You will still earn gems that you can use to improve your decks. Overall, this is a vast improvement on ordinary solitaire."
,Recommended,463980,28953579,Posted: 2 January,all,brilk,"Solitairica is a fantastic game with fun deck-evolving mechanics. Everything really shines from a ton of polish, with excellent art and animation throughout. The enemy voices in particular are fantastic. There are a few bugs, none affecting game play, but the devs are active and fix issues regularly. Aside from that, performance is top notch.The game has many different spells with unique interactions, quite a few of which can combine to form the backbone of your deck. While some builds are so powerful that focusing on them can trivialize the game (stun is crazy OP), others will lead to a ton of interesting decisions during games. The Bard deck in particular can feel like playing a vintage combo deck in MTG at times due to all the crazy interactions and math required to optimize your play.I noticed that many negative reviews comment on how impossibly hard the game is. Please know that these players are simply unaware that they're bad at the game. Most people will be bad when they first start, which is fine. The key isrecognizingthat you're bad and working to improve your skills. I lost fairly frequently when I first started. Once I learned solid strategies and unlocked some bonuses for each class, I started winning consistently. I rarely lose runs now.It took me about 27 hours to completely unlock all bonuses for every class and get all but the two currently broken achievements (which are gimmes you'll pick up just by playing that should be fixed within a couple weeks of me writing this review). That includes multiple wins on the final boss with every class using a variety of strategies. Even after knocking out all that, I don't expect to stop playing the game. It's still fun. If you just want to ""beat"" the game, though, you're still getting a good chunk of game play for your money.The devs are also releasing new content for the game every so often. In its current state, I could not recommend the game more highly. Buying it becomes a no-brainer once you factor in that the game's only going to get better from here."
,Recommended,463980,25329657,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,I AM ERROR,A nice and competent combination of two of my favorite time killers: solitaire and roguelikes.Fully recommend.
76561198037222425,Recommended,463980,23338893,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Lord Gek,"Pretty cool stuff!Golf Solitaire (made famous by games like Fairway Solitaire) meets a rouge-lite.-The player tries to create epic streaks to power their various class skills with the appropriate mana with the monsters getting a chance to fight back each time the player is stuck and forced to draw a new card.  While the game grants unlimited draws, it isn't likley your character could survive more than 2x through.-There isn't really much of a story or real dungeons to explore, just a seemingly endless run of 1 on 1 ever increasingly difficult baddies to defeat.  Use gold earned from each win to better equip yourself for the next encounter until you're finally bested.-Each character will start off with a unique combimation of 4 skills (1 for each of the game's 4 suits) with at least 1 unique only to that class.-You'll start with only the Warrior unlocked, and with the experience tokens you earn from runs, you can unlock the rest of the classes.-The monsters you fight are often somewhat randomly generated with the game stringing together a couple adjectives and a noun that the game will breakdown the significance for you before the fight"
,Recommended,463980,23422178,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Elvoc,"Great little game with a twist on the standard solitaire style game. You basically ahve several decks that ahve special abilities and strengths or weaknesses to help you while fighting bosses. Each abilitie is broken into different colors and styles of cards, Red-Atk/Blue-Defense/Green-Agility/Purple-Wil. The use of each one of these types is how you build a strategy, each classs (WAR/WIZ/PAL/ROG/Monk/Bard) has its strength cards  and special card for its class. Start with Warrior and buy other decks and upgrade decs with color cubes earnmed by mutliple plays and sometimes rewards in game. Also items in game to help you with starting additions or Armor and hitpoints/life(hearts)All in all this is a great little game, makes the standard solitaire game more fun, very addictive.Only donwside to this games is the Bosses fights are always in the smae order even though their abilities seem to be somewhat randomized and there appears to be limited randomization to the items you can buy in the shop.Would love to see more areas built for this game with different bosses and more skills and items. Other than that I would highly reccomend it to anyone who enjoys solitaire with a twist..."
76561198207083779,Recommended,463980,27498833,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zaijka,"I spent a few hours apart from this game (sleep/food) and it doesn't let go.  I've played many card games in my lifetime, but never with an RPG element.  RPG+Cards = yes please.  It is also rogue like - but it makes you want to get everything and blast the doomed Stuck to bits and pieces.  Lots of fun and enjoyment - thank you so much. :)"
76561198030859919,Recommended,463980,29493896,Posted: 25 January,all,bdot,This is a great little game. Each character you have to battle through with has specific strategies you have to use. You can't just rely on attacking all the time or defending all the time. Even the stun ability doesn't work well with all of the characters.I liked having to figure out what worked the best for each character.
,Recommended,463980,27376765,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Capital M,Easily one of the most fun Solitare/RPG mash ups I've ever played. Worth every penny and been playing it since launch.
,Recommended,463980,28068951,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ccolors95,"Solitairica brings the fun of playing solitaire to people who want more from a card game. There's strategy in which cards you pick and how you use certain abilities. I've completed the game and am eager for more content, but would likely go back and complete levels again. Although progression resets upon death, it serves as encouragement to play more and become better at the game.Great game, highly recommend it :D"
,Recommended,463980,33898300,Posted: 29 July,all,chewfeather,"An unusual game-concept, but a good take on it. Progression is sometimes slow, but not unbearably so. There's a satisfying sense of 'figuring out the game' as you learn what builds can be successful and which cannot. The achievements provide reasonably interesting challenges for you to consider the best way to set yourself up to achieve."
76561198013215278,Recommended,463980,28968756,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr Sick Sales,"In my eyes Solitairica is a fairly simple card game with some rogue like elements thrown in the mix.  If you know how to play Solitaire, I'm sure you can figure this out.  There is a lot of customization, and each run is different.  There is also a TON of randomness.  Like a lot of rogue likes, if you don't get the right items from the start you are going to have a worse run.  Overall I am very satisfied as I got it for $3 and I will still get a few more hours of entertainment from it."
,Recommended,463980,27332146,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[NinBlu] Muse,"One of the better RPG/Solitaire hybrids out there. The six classes play quite differently from one another, offering plenty of replayability, and different combinations of items in the shops lend a roguelike element to things. A good game to play in small sessions - 30 minutes would be plenty for a run all the way to the boss."
,Recommended,463980,31307212,Posted: 22 April,all,JhAgA,"Cool game, could not stop playing before completing it with all decks. Wish there was a sequel or a DLC."
76561198093252548,Recommended,463980,33305003,Posted: 6 July,all,moomoovodoo,"Surprisingly strategic game with lots of replay value - a balance of skill and randomness/luck makes it hard to leave. Be warned: it sucks your time away.The combination of well balanced rng as far as items, enemy moves, and spells is very good - and obscenly addicting...Each playthrough is unique and needs to be adapted to as such - even if you have one strategy the necessary items for that might show up too late - learn your items by replaying with them (honestly, it does not feel like grinding at all).What's more, you are expected to die - as if you were playing a roguelike. Dieing, while inevitable, is necessary, and provides very helpful bonuses.The price might seem a little high for what you see in snapshots but it really is an engrossing little time waster ."
,Recommended,463980,23434278,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,ArtificialRaven,"Solitairica is a solitaire card game with RPG elements. It' s a fun time waster that I see myself playing more once it's been polished up a bit. I've ran into a few glitches but the developer is doing a great job of fixing them and communicating with the community in the forums about it.You have to make your way through 18 stages using a class specific deck while fighting monsters in a turn-based combat system. For instance, you start with the Warrior deck that comes with spells like Cut (elimnates 1 front card), Armor (adds 2 armor points) etc. Instead of card suits like heart, spade, club, diamonds, the suits correlate to your spells. In order to use spells like Cut you need to charge the Axe suit by playing or eliminating Axe suited cards. When you've eliminated all the cards on the field, you win but you have to use strategy and luck to do it before the monster destroys all your hit points. There's also a shop system in place where you can buy accesories that add bonuses to your character stats and spell charging abilities as well as purchasing new spells. The goal of the game is to get to the end, obviously, but it's extremley hard to do with the starter deck. You can upgrade the deck or buy an entirely different class deck later on. Everytime you die you earn a special currency that can be used to buy and upgrade decks and the amount you earn is based on how far you've gotten.One nitpick I have about it right now is the lack of music during the card battles. The developer said that was a design choice because they (developers) figured it'd get too repetetive and players would just mute the music or play their own anyway. Which to me seems like a lazy excuse not to have it but whatever that's their choice. Other than that, it's a fun lil casual game with moderate replayability.I paid $9.99 but if you see it on sale cheaper than that, get it if you're into solitaire games. This game is a nice twist on the genre."
,Recommended,463980,23446305,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Silent,"Okay I am shocked there aren't more positive reviews for this game, though it's only been out a week. If you like playing Solitaire (even if you got bored of it long ago) you will LOVE Solitairica. I've been playing the crap out of it since I got it. I like to play it while working; it's a great game to play while multitasking.The strategy you employ while playing is surprisingly nuanced. You want to make sure you equip the right spells and equipment for whatever you're about to fight. Preview the specific monster modifications for each opponent so that you ditch the armor spells, for instance, when your enemy is just going to be bypassing your armor altogether.The only complaint I have about this game is that there isn't more of it. It's such a great game. I recommend it right up there with ""Faerie Solitaire"", another great Solitaire game on Steam. I hope they expand the game and add more content. Alternate types of Solitaire, like Pyramid, new monsters, new shop items, I would love any and all of that. I very much hope the developers expand on this.Finally, I had a brief issue with one of the updates for the game, and the devs got in touch with me within an hour after I sent them an email, with polite instructions on how I could correct the problem. Turns out I just needed to make an exception in my anti-virus. They were very helpful, and very prompt.8/10 MOAR PLEASE"
,Recommended,463980,23495613,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,muffins,"very cute, enjoyable game. devs have also been fairly active in patching issues and reading criticismspros:+ unique gameplay adds a great deal more depth to the original game+ tons of cool synergies and strategies+ great time wastercons:- feels very grindy for very little reward. deck upgrades are powerful, but with only 3 per deck, there's very little sense of actual progression, on top of no use for wildstones after you've unlocked and upgraded every deck- slow, unskippable animations. very minor problem, but it does hurt the flow a bit- balance feels somewhat wonky. wisdom based offensive spells aren't very good and the lack of a healing spell really hurts wizard especially early on- disappointingly small enemy variety. minor issue, and mostly made up for by the variety of enemy traits and gameplay itself, but the first zone feels very stale after only a few games- very mobile-like interface. not strictly an issue at all, but the shop/inventory/spells and deck selection screens could be consolidated to help improve game flow. perhaps even additional keyboard controls- lack of confirmation on instant cast spells. it's probably only killed me once or twice, but the amount of times i've accidentally cast mastery when i meant to cast shadow sneak is painful"
76561198052621621,Recommended,463980,23829872,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Eufuu,"This is a peculiar game and at clocking in 17 hours I feel like I've seen enough to warrant a review. On a more general level, this is a solitaire-like game where you try to clear the whole board before the enemy you are facing kills you. Every time you can't combo a card, you are forced to draw and at this time the opponent takes their turn, which can simply mean they dealing damage to you, inflict a status effect or change the landscape of play.The first thing to praise here is the variety and charming personality of each monster, while most monsters do have some similar attacks, almost every one of them introduces a new mechanic. At the start you're just focusing on searching for the consecutive numbers, but later on this is offset by various effects a card can have, some cards tick down and you have to clear them off before they hit zero, others are frozen which means you have to click them twice to make them disappear, some cards are poisoned and deal damage directly to you and many more. This combined with mana you can use for spells makes for a very engaging experience in trying to clear the board while simultaneously trying to avoid death.The game has 18 monsters arranged in a lane, ranging from easy to hard and features six classes. Whenever you beat a monster, you get some gold which you can in turn spend to buy new spells or items. Spells work dynamically and allow you to use them, while items are mostly passive, giving bonus armor, healing or something similar. It is important for the player to strategize, save enough money to buy good spells and make sure to switch out their loadout for certain enemies. While there are strategies where you don't have to min-max as much, you'll be much better off if you do that, however, this can still constitute as a more of a casual game if you're not too bent up about losing.Whenever you lose, you gain gems which you can spend to upgrade a class. They certainly help, but these upgrades aren't very ""fun"", so they might not feel as rewarding as the journey itself. For example, if you do two to three runs, you'll gather enough gems to gain one upgrade which will heal you whenever an Ace is drawn.The biggest negative of the game is definitely the progression, my first battle against the final boss was very exhilirating and enjoyable, but as soon as you realize that the other classes are basically the same class with some spells switched out, combined with the fact that you'll always be facing the same 18 enemies, will eventually resort to you garnering similar strategies just to power through some of the earlier monsters you face.Overall, this is a very enjoyable and rewarding experience for all of those that aren't afraid to lose and while randomness might play a bigger chance in you losing than in most games, this is garnered off by the fact that the core concept is solid and if you've ever played Solitaire, love rpgs, min-maxing or are just looking for something similar, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,463980,28848635,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MigieSmith,Fun for a bit until you realise how bad the randomness of the cards is.. losing matches when the opponent has one card left just because you have spent 5+ rounds getting utter junk to play. 5 hours of gameplay is really just repeating the start of the game over and over because of the nature of the game.
,Recommended,463980,31356346,Posted: 25 April,all,Earth Mole,"WAY TOO RANDOM, sometimes all you can you is watch how you slowly loose, otherwise, it's a calmed, relaxing card game, interesting."
,Recommended,463980,23324209,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ousel,"While i recommend this game after playing it, it can get repetitive, $5 would seem more fair imo, but its great for a side activity while watching tv or between match ques which is why i bought it"
,Recommended,463980,33961003,Posted: 1 August,all,Zardoz,Probably the best solitaire game I've ever played. Highly recommend it for solitaire fans.
76561197963263583,Recommended,463980,23337374,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Blumpie,"Holy crap this game is fun. The first thing that struck me while playing was how intuitive the game was. Everything worked exactly like I expected. Not only that, but it was fun. Really fun. I meant to just check it out and move on to chores. I still have to get to those dishes.10/10"
76561198008150731,Not Recommended,463980,28320494,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Musoyama,"Kind of mind-numbingly repetitive. Not actually Solitaire the game that I imagined, like you play in a casino, but a weird and original game that requires luck and more luck to make it far.Diverting fun for a while but too repetitive after a few hours."
,Recommended,463980,31448085,Posted: 29 April,all,jbluew,"Best solitaire game I've found.  Fun rpg choices and progression with interesting strategy yet still scratches that simple solitaire itch.  Highly recommend for anyone who like solitaire, card games, or rpg-ish games."
,Recommended,463980,23486194,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ziroonderel,"While at first glance this may look like just another solitaire-inspired game, or a idle podcast-game which occupies a very small part of your brain, Solitarica is surprisingly deep and interesting. Although it is very strongly based on the simple solitaire rules (matching cards from tableu which are one point higher or lower than your card), it also has a perfectly lovely strategic layer, where you need to balance getting coins and defeating the enemy, and also select special skills and items that will work against a given enemy.I bought Solitarice on a whim, because it looked pretty and I like a little brain candy on my lunch break, and then I realized that it's 2 o'clock in the morning, that I actually wanted to start a Germany playthrough in Hearts of Iron, but that I couldn't possible tear myself from trying to defeat the damnable seal (...a seal that clubs back - have I mentioned that the game is also charmingly and unobtrusively funny?).The lovely cherry on top is that the devs are sweet and hardworking people who push out patches whenever needed and react to player feedback.All in all, a very strong recommendation - buy it, play it, curse in delighted frustration."
,Recommended,463980,23517712,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Jagged,A fun little game for people who enjoy Solitaire card games and spell-puzzle gameplay similar to Puzzle Quest.
76561198309672398,Recommended,463980,23529174,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,octapixel,Really fun and adictive little game. I always loved solitaire but this one add some cute twist to it. I recommend this game to anyone and it also work great on a tablet. Sorry for my english. :)
,Recommended,463980,23746492,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kruzil,"This is a really good game -- very polished, very fun -- the mechanics of this little gem make Solitaire fun again!"
,Recommended,463980,25450807,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,babaz,"ah, precious gems come in little packages! Boasting a curious blending of Solitaire and RPG-esque flavour, the game unfolds in a magnetic way: one that locks you in and keeps you going for ""just another one!"". Rogue-lite mechanics keep the formula fresh and enjoyable. Stunning game."
76561197972868936,Recommended,463980,25670122,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Taitou,"Fantastic game, brilliantly balanced and surprisngly deep.  RPG elements are executed well and I love the creative style and sound effects."
,Recommended,463980,25220894,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Robounicorn1980,"This is my first review on steam. Let me just start out by saying that I was looking for a good card game. My expectations have been exceeded 10 fold with Solitairica! I cannot quit playing this game! It is truly fun, addictive and leaves you wanting to come back for more! My hat is off to the devs!"
,Recommended,463980,31521495,Posted: 3 May,all,Tramplefoot,Hearthstone? Faeria? Scrolls? I sleep.Garfield Solitaire? Real♥♥♥♥♥♥Solitairica? A S C E N D E D
76561198042445918,Recommended,463980,24367473,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,BloodlightX,"This game is a well crafted Roguelite that is a card game. You will have a monster that is a game of solitaire. You draw a card and then have to pick up cards from the monster that are 1 higher or lower and hopefully chain. If you get all the cards you win.Card draw. Roguelite. These two together give you LOTS of RNG but when it can sway your way if you make the right moves. This gives me a nice level of strategic thinking that is in Magic: the Gathering and thats why I love this game.Great art, Great variety and a wonderful challenge balanced with progression that you feel... A LOT. The more you look at whats in front of you the better you will do.Well crafted card game 9/10 - wish it was a real card game."
76561198045401832,Recommended,463980,24636965,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,SoloPlayah,"Now this is a fantastic card game similiar to that Fairway golf solitaire game and that fantasy card game on mobile devices.This game was designed very well, with excellent gameplay and I feel my character grows after each victory.Can't ask for much else.I highly recommend this if you like solitiare with some slight role playing game elements (fighting monsters, powering up, and buying items and spells)."
76561198040463925,Not Recommended,463980,29721303,Posted: 5 February,all,Child of Darkness,"Games lacks any real tactical or strategical depth. A game you play to kill time, heck I wouldn't even play it for longer than I have already even if it's free. If you grind the game long enough, you will get enough currency to even your odds in future playthroughs."
,Recommended,463980,25442625,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,RaLoS13,เป็นเกม Solitaire แนวใหม่ที่เจ๋งมาก เล่นแล้วติดเลย
76561198030573824,Recommended,463980,23351169,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ghostinit69,"Excellent game...Solitaire, rpg style...me likey!"
,Recommended,463980,33685352,Posted: 20 July,all,Literal God Fishriot,♥♥♥♥♥ dope yo.
,Recommended,463980,23698153,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,L'lysandria,"I greatly enjoyed this game.It is easy to pick up and play, and then you can start developing strategies for each deck.  It's very impressive how they managed to make each deck (Warrior, Wizard, Rogue, Paladin, Monk, and Bard) *feel* like their traditional fantasy interpetations, but in card form.Solitairica is an excellent game for having a little something more to do while watching streams or TV or whatever.  It serves much the same purpose as games like Puzzle Quest do."
,Recommended,463980,31676596,Posted: 10 May,all,Von,yes
76561198079850302,Not Recommended,463980,34558743,Posted: 28 August,all,jeffgass20,dont enjoy
76561198044934255,Not Recommended,463980,30024230,Posted: 18 February,all,Arcslayer,"MechanicsThis is a game of solitaire with health and energy bars.  You use energy to cast spells and then the gold you get at the end of the level to buy more spells and supporting items.  There are 4 kinds of energy, Attack, Defense, Agility and Willpower.  Each deck has all their cards contain 2 types of energy.  Your goal is to clear the board of all cards without taking lethal damage.Sounds pretty simple right?  Oh heck no.  They mess it up at every turn.  This game has very very few people playing it and even after some hefty updates people still aren’t picking it up.  Currently, I am the only person to put up a guide on this game.  After a few patches I can 100% see why.  I tried to make this guide about the deck you start out with.  My guide was  rating and explaining what all the spells do and rating them for the basic warrior deck. Midway through completing it the Devs went and heavily changed the game.  They nerfed the best defensive ability in the game, more than doubling it’s cost in gold and increasing how long it takes to acquire, thereby making my guide next to worthless.  Not only that but they ""tweaked"" the game to change the costs of the spells for one miniboss.  A miniboss that gives only 30 more gold on average... well done guys.The GoodVisuals- the animations and art is quite unique, the backgrounds change with every 3 enemies you defeat and add to the sense of moving through a fantasy world.Spell interaction- in late game you can combo spells to counter enemy monster abilities.  Some are so powerful that you can clear all face up cards with just 2 spells!The late game spells-Late game you can change cards in ways that let you get huge combos and wrack up lots of coins!  If you play it right you can even stun most enemies before they even get to move once!The badMeddling, clueless devs- Like I mention up top, they seem to thing that increasing the cost of spells is a good thing.  They put in 1 new boss that will give you a few extra coins and then jacked the price of many spells way up!  This ""change"" only highlights the fact that you will be grinding to unlock a better deck than the crappy Warrior one.Poor Coding- This game has a huge loading time up to 3 min plus.  I literally can't run it on my main PC because of a Microsoft Visual Studios package that will not install.Slow start- you have very few abilities and the first few monsters will bore you to tears.  Worse yet there is no option to skip the long combat animations.  the start is tedious and tiresome.  And you will see it alot if you want to beat the game, trust me.Lack of interactivity- Most of the monsters will drain energy and make you have to use the same card multiple times to destroy it.  They also have monsters at the start that deal 4 damage in one attack, to put this in perspective you start with 10 health.The “second chance save system”-also called hourglasses of eternity you have to either spend the in game currency (which takes forever to grind to) or 200 gold each!  If you bought no spells or items for the first 4 battles you would only be able to purchase 1 if you are lucky!Grinding-this was on mobile so some grinding is involved.  However it takes a whole run to unlock 2 cards in a deck.  If you die before you beat the final boss you will unlock even less.End boss-IF you get to the end boss with any stun abilities you will beat the crap out of him.  He is an utter pushover.The Achievements-  Buy all spells and items?  Sounds like an easy thing to code right?  Pity the devs have had it messed up since launch!  They didn't even give the option to SEE what you have bought!  How hard is it to make a list?  You think that's bad?  The rest of the achievements are not only just as grindy, but also specific as heck!  There's even one to beat a monster WITHOUT SPELLS!  Putting it all up to RNG!In conclusion don’t buy this game.  There is no community and the devs are cluelss code monkeys. They coded a mobile phone game in Unreal!  You know THE ENGINE THAT IS BASED AROUND LARGE FPS GAMES?!?  They have failed to provide a good UI and they only listen to the “hardcore players” who insist the game is too easy.  Don’t give them your money!"
,Not Recommended,463980,29597083,Posted: 30 January,all,davidincostamesa,No
76561198212641712,Recommended,463980,23688941,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,carrettaantonia,Bellissimo gioco di carte lo consiglio a tutti. Se posso dare un consiglio sarebbe bello un'aggiornamento di livelli e classi.Beautiful card game I recommend it to everyone. If I can give some advice would be great an update of levels and classes.
,Recommended,463980,25435519,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,HopperUK,"This is a really nice little roguelite with robust mechanics, a fun  upgrade tree and adorable art. Its sense of humour is on point for me, whimsical and inoffensive, and the cartoon style is easy on the eye. A great little game."
76561197976384609,Recommended,463980,25437063,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,AgileOctopus,"This game feels a lot like a combination of Fairway Solitare and a Hearthstone campaign, with an interesting ability and equiptment system. It is quite enjoyable, much more so than I expected."
76561198052242622,Recommended,463980,25429110,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,lobstermadness,"Surprisingly really great.  Turnbased, with lots of strategic options.  12 out of 10 and I am picky.  The enemies are varied and the difficulty ramps up micely after about 5 battles."
,Recommended,463980,26872497,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ahlmivarn,A fun little casual game for someone like me who enjoys renditions of solitaire and adventure RPGs.
,Recommended,463980,26945854,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,spazquest,"Incredibly polished game with a good sense of humor, and enough complexity to give it lots of replay value."
,Recommended,463980,23384489,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Detonator,A well crafted new spin on solitaire.  The artwork and game mechanics are top notch and you will quickly forget that this is an indie release.  This is a challenging game and you will have to strategize your spell and item selection as the enemies get tougher.  Just the right blend of strategy and luck.
,Recommended,463980,23373546,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,eightbitbrain,"If you like solitaire, but are looking for something more in terms of graphics, character design, adventure, mechanics and RPG elements, this fits the bill. Making it a roguelike encourages repeat play because each time you ""die"" you feel like you'll be able to get further on the next go round instead of just trying to get a high score or playing through a ""story"" straight through. It also feels like it's very well balanced in terms of the enemies' abilities and there's an even ramp-up of the things you're able to buy compared to how many coins you're earning. All in all, this is a solid game that brings an often bland, standard card game up to the next level."
,Recommended,463980,28155662,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Reprotted,"Really fun game to play inbetween doing other things. If I'm bored and watching stuff on YouTube I just do this in the background. Also great for playing inbetween League/Overwatch matches. It's essentially solitaire, but not as luck based and more interesting. It's good if you've gotten tired of the rage inducing Magic/Faeira/Hearthstone. If you're having trouble try switch to one of the other decks. I find paladin to be the best, because you can become ridiculously tanky."
