user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,464060,35239513,Posted: 27 September,all,meatz666,"It has a bit of Hyper Light Drifter.A bit of Hotline Miami.A dash of Superhot.Sprinkle of Transistor.With a Nex Machina finishing.All cyberpunk gore. Cool game.And it's true, IGN reviewers don't know how to play games."
,Recommended,464060,35310813,Posted: 29 September,all,Major,"The Good:- Soundtrack. Let's get that out of the way asap. Nowadays a good soundtrack for a non-AAA title is almost mandatory, this game has it.- Gameplay. In general, the combat is fair and satisfying. It is also balanced greatly around wide variety of skills: normally in such a fast paced game melee weapons would rule compeletely, this is not the case here as building a ranged-focused character is absolutely possible.- Atmosphere. The developers managed to deliver a believable (and likeable) world in a difficult genre as cyberpunk. Strolling around Rengkok was actually enjoyable.- Difficulty. Ignore modern ""video game journals"" that scream about the game being too difficult. It's not. There's a lot of room for abusing abilities to make your game easier. Just play smart and don't be afraid of dying. Don't forget that sometimes brute force is the easiest way out as well. The ""Hard"" difficulty is recommended for everyone except people who just want to complete the game and move on.The Bad:- Story. Honestly, it was lackluster for my liking. However, I've enjoyed most of the characters presented, so this is not an indication that the whole writing in game is bad. The plot is simple and predictable and the game sometimes fails to extract requested emotions from me.- Restarting at certain arenas/bosses. This grinded on my gears the most in this game. Two or three major battles in the game has to be restarted including the unskippable cutscene beforehand. Sometimes there are cutscenes during boss stages, which you also can't skip and you have to go through them until you defeat the boss. Frustrating, I don't know why it's in the game.In general: 8/10, a very solid game, must buy for fans of fast paced action, cyberpunk and collectors of dat karma.*KILLER COMBO*"
76561198031545292,Recommended,464060,35246273,Posted: 27 September,all,Spaune Mangetsu :D,Selected hard difficulty. Died 34 times on first boss. Then finally realised it was just a prologue. 10/10
,Recommended,464060,35244581,Posted: 27 September,all,Rumblefish,"If you're looking for a game with a strong cyberpunk theme, this one's right up there with Satellite Reign. The hub and levels are extremely well done--so well, in fact, I'm surprised the game sold for $20 on release.When it comes to gameplay, I was expecting something like Diablo, but it's more like Hotline Miami. In my old age I prefer turn-based games that don't require twitchy skills, but the cyberpunk theme in this one is so strong that it drew me in.When I started the game I chose Normal difficulty, and as soon as I realized how fast everything moves I immediately dialed it down to Easy, which is all the difficulty I need. Even on Easy, I rarely clear a room without dying at least once.I'm not much of a fan of twitchy, fast-moving games, but I have to tip my hat to this one."
76561198013418743,Recommended,464060,35225161,Posted: 26 September,all,PUNISHER,"I'll keep this short and sweet.been playing for two and a half hours now, I'm pretty hardcore so I set the difficulty to hard and got annihilated the first half an hour of play....after a while your reflexes start to come on and you master the art of dash and targeting enemies.if you love cyberpunk then you are in for a treat I've been waiting for this to come out for ages.love the way you can skill up your character the music is awesome and sound effects.it's definitely got that dark cyberpunk feel to it, I recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,464060,35254505,Posted: 27 September,all,Ants 🅱️lanco,"I wanted to like this game. Everything I saw for it made it look like a cyberpunk Hotline Miami. As it turns out, it's just a twin-stick style corridor runner. You run through samey environments and fight the same bosses over and over again.Pros- I think the atmosphere and style of the game are great. I thought the world was interesting and I kept wanting to know more about all the different groups and the city.- The combat looks smooth and the game has great visuals.Cons- The game lacks variety in its environments for how long it is. For the first hour or so, you go around different types of areas and fight different kinds of enemies. After that, you end up in the same metal platform littered with gore and bodies, with sparks flying everywhere. They throw you a red fog every once in a while, but it's all the same.- You fight the same bosses over and over, and they even make a ""clever"" joke about fighting an enemy again. In that same fight, you fight the enemy for 3 phases, where nothing changes and you just beat on him some more.- The game feels inconsistent.- The different gun types are cool, but guns and most of the skills feel weak compared to just using melee attacks on everything.- The story is weak, and pulls the ""your princess is in another castle"" trick to drag the game out even longer.I really wanted to like this game, but I can't even recommend anyone buy it at full price. Maybe pick it up for $10, but I just didn't have fun after a while.TL;DR - Stylish game, meh everything else"
,Not Recommended,464060,35398682,Posted: 1 October,all,Real Soviet Bear,"I wish I could give RUINER a neutral score, because the parts of it I enjoy are really good, but it's lacking in so many other aspects.The aesthetic and delivery of the game are fantastic. The setting is interesting, the ""glitchy"" effect is really good and in general it just oozes style.RUINER was definitely in need of a design pass, though. It has all the elements necessary to be great, but they needed to be re-arranged and reworked better.First off, the mid-fight resource management is really damn demanding. Your health and energy are in one corner of the screen. Your ammo/durability are in the other and your dash charges are center-bottom. Keeping track of all of these in a frantic fight is ridiculous, especially because the simple red UI blends with everything else in the game. There definitely should have been a better layout and clearer audio/visual cues so you know when you're hurting for something.Skills have a lot of unnecessary fluff and you'll quickly learn what the best combo is. There are VERY FEW points where the game expects you to have a specific skill equipped, but other than that, you'll probably stick to shield + stun grenade + dash upgrades. It's along the lines of ""Why would I have a wall I can place, when I can just have an insta-shield that negates damage regardless where I am"". Or ""why would I have a frag grenade that deals damage when I can just disable any number of enemies"".This carries over to the weapons as well. Melee is always better, unless you are fighting a very specific boss and then you might want to switch to your ranged weapon. Melee stunlocks and deals more damage than almost any firearm in the game, especially in the first few hours.It also feels like the devs knew this? For example, melee interrupts enemies for the majority of the game, but then you get an enemy category that all of a sudden isn't interrupted by melee. That's fine, you can stun grenade them. Well, now we have a ""flaming"" enemy type that is immune to the stun grenade specifically. OK, that's fine, you can still ram them with your shield to stun them? It's a weird progression, but the strategy stays the same: disable, damage, disable, damage, avoid until you have enough energy again, repeat. This is enough to get you S+ rank on almost all fights.There are other weird things, like energy costs being relayed to you as numerical costs, but your UI is actual icons? I assume each of the icons is 10 energy/health, but I never know whether I have enough or not to do my thing, so, combined with it being hard to track your health/energy, I just never bother thinking about it.The enemy encounters could have been better laid out. Again, all the elements are there, but the waves are uninteresting. You'll have two melee dudes and two gun dudes. OK, that's fine. Now you'll have a wave that's just suicide bombers. Now a wave that's just mines. Now a wave that's a draining device and one big dude. Why not throw in mines/suicide bombers in the mid of more varied waves? Then you can use them as tools against other enemies. There's very little target prioritization going on, because the actual battles aren't mixed up enough.Probably the two most frustrating moments for me were a boss battle with three health bars for no real reason (and you can just stun-lock him anyway) and that a very late fight has infinite spawns that the game literally teaches you up until then how to disable completely, and then the fight starts and it's like ""nope, they're immune now, sorry"".So, yeah, the game is very stylish, I don't regret buying it, but I think it needed one big design and balancing pass to actually capitalize on all its other strong points.For reference, I beat the game on Hard difficulty, since it was the ""recommended"" one."
,Recommended,464060,35237766,Posted: 27 September,all,big pube,">hacker lady keeps calling me puppynew kink, thanks videogames!"
,Recommended,464060,35225327,Posted: 26 September,all,∩( ・ω・)∩,"The best cyberpunk game to come out in years. Game feels tight as hell and the soundtrack is capable of crushing bone. Buy this game if you're even the slightest fan of the cyberpunk genre, because this is how its supposed to look.The designs are inspired, and sleek as a mother ♥♥♥♥er.  Each hand drawn character looks unique, and every single set piece looks colorful and complex.The gameplay is hard, fast, and fun.  Each hit provides feedback and its satisfying every time you lay one.  If you had to make comparisons, it feels like the speed and gameplay of Hotline Miami, with the expansive labrynthian crawls of Diablo. It feels like a match made in heaven.I dont even know what to say about the soundtrack. Its the best. Better than anything I've heard, actually.The game overall oozes style and its obvious that some very talented hands were at work when making this game. Do yourself a favor and drop the $20 on it, its well worth it.EDIT: The game took me 10 hours to beat."
,Recommended,464060,35243396,Posted: 27 September,all,Molo,"RUINER is brutal, fast and extremely satisfying.Things I liked a lot:The visual atmosphere of the game is incredibly beautiful, mixing 3D scenes with 2D sketches and portraits.The music is as cyberpunk as the graphics and blends well with the gameplay giving a lot of rythm.Combat is hard but rewarding. The visual effects are very pleasing even if you might lose your character in the profusion of particles.The variety of weapons and skills allows for good combo and on-the-spot decision making.Swaping skills from one fight to another is easy and encouraged.Things I didn't like:At the moment it is not possible to customize the keybindings.Some color filters are a bit too bright (some red scenes can hurt your eyes)The visual feedback when you get hit is pretty hard to seeI was not able to fully understand why my weapons went from tickling the boss to shreding him to pieces and I think the game will need some balancing patches."
,Recommended,464060,35375077,Posted: 1 October,all,Sky Captain,"OK! listen.Do you like badass characters?Alex Mercer from Prototype, Jacket and Biker from Hotline Miami  *SPECIALLY BIKER*Do you like dark Cyberpunk environments and griddy 80's music?  *More like 80 music with a japanise overtone""Than this game serve you well.This game makes you feel like f*cken badass with tons of options.Skilltree is everytime changeable and you can spawn all founded weapons with a pod right next to ya.The hole setup with the city, missions, cutsences, charakters is just the thing i wanted.It is just Perfect!It's very rare that i say Perfect to a game, but this one nails it."
76561198322318023,Recommended,464060,35304173,Posted: 29 September,all,Mighty,"i just finished this. it was very enjoyable. I can't say it was a great game as i do have some issues with it..The level designs are quite lazy, they are repetitive and copy and paste for the majority of the game.Its basically the same environment throughout the game...however i thought the town you rest in was very beautiful and a nice touch its too bad there was not more of this throughout the game.there should also imo have been atleast a new game plus mode or further progression elements (im sorry but thats the standard in todays gaming)The dialague of in game npc's is also on a very short repetitive loop when you interact with them. would it kill you to add some more lines in)Lastly there should be more direction with the side quests and at the very least a prompt to show what reward you have received when completing them????For the good..the music was emersive and fits the game perfectly..gameplay is solid and i really liked the story line."
,Not Recommended,464060,35231931,Posted: 26 September,all,Xamp,"Before i dig into the main issue with this game, i'd like to say that, aesthetically speaking, the game is chock full of style and looks awesome! Dialogue and sound design are on point and all in all, it reminds me of why i like cyberpunk games.With that out of the way...I won't be recommending this game. The reason is that WASD doesn't move you around relative to YOUR perspective but rather to the environments. Imagine the upper edge of your screen is north. Holding down W would make your character move north-east.This might not sound so bad but from my experience, it really is. It's not easy to get used to and having weird, wonky controls in a game with hard and punishing gameplay is a bad mix.Combine that with how the isometric perspective makes it difficult to land shots, when using ranged weapons that aren't shotguns, and you'll end up fighting the controls more than the enemies, as a few other reviewers have already pointed out.If you want an example of how to do it right, take a look at the Hotline Miami games, which RUINER seems to be often compared to.The HM games have a top-down perspective where holding W will take you north, just like you would expect.Reliably hitting enemies with ranged weapons that aren't shotguns is also not a problem, since the top-down perspective eliminates any ambiguity as to wether your bullets are going to hit the target or travel juuuust behind their back, leaving them unharmed.In the end it's up to you to judge wether you believe the controls won't really be a problem for you or if thats a deal breaker or wether a guy with less than 2 hours of play time can accurately judge a games controls.I just know that personally, if the controls were different, maybe if the gameplay had a bit more variety, i would definitely want to play more, because this game is incredibly stylish, has a great atmosphere, great characters (from the few i saw) and has a nice cyberpunk feel to it."
76561198092045447,Recommended,464060,35243482,Posted: 27 September,all,Nonya,"This game absolutely BLEEDS atmosphere. It is a fantastic contribution to the cyberpunk genre, which I think it's plain to see, is seeing a resurgence. It's also pretty obvious how much inspiration it took from anime of the 80s, like Akira. Well, Akira, Ghost In The Shell, Alien, etc..All of it coming together to form a very beautiful baby, indeed. The kind of baby where you genuinely go ""Aww, look at that"" without thinking ""I mean..It's a baby. They all look the same."" Now, I suppose you're wondering to yourself ""Hey, this is like a cyberpunk Hotline Miami"". Stop right there. Just stop. Gaming journalism CONSISTENTLY writes articles saying ""CHECK OUT THIS INCREDIBLE DARK SOULS-TYPE GAME"", or ""This game has rogue-like elements like FTL"". And it's ridiculous.Ruiner is..As best as I can describe, a twin shooter that is very difficult, and incredibly fast paced. I've honestly haven't experienced such fast paced gameplay since I played Doom. It also has the elements of your typical ""bullet-hell"" game, but it gives you a plethora of tools at your disposal like dashing, deflecting bullets, super-charged melee strikes, etc to make sure you're not riddled with bullets every three seconds..As well as many fun weapons like a giant flamethrower or freeze cannon. The soundtrack is amazing and it wants to pull you into this beautiful and bleak world where your brain is taken on a joyride, like a character in Ghost In The Shell. My favorite part, however, are the visuals..The style..The grime. The neon. The game does atmosphere well.My only gripe, which hasn't prevented me from enjoying Ruiner, is that the weapons don't have much ""oomph"" to them..Which is a shame, considering the weapon variety. I haven't finished it yet, because I chose the hard difficulty, but some people report finishing it in 10 hours? That's kind of a bummer. Only because I do not want to stop living in this world. I really hope Reikon Games adds different modes or expansions.Just buy it. It's $20. It's the same price as really good takeout pizza, but better. This pizza melts in your mouth.Also, BUY THE SOUNDTRACK."
,Recommended,464060,35274944,Posted: 28 September,all,Mara,"I beat the game in a sleepless 20 hours after launch!Overall Ruiner was worth it, and while it was an excellent game, it fell a little short in some areas that would've made it perfect.  I recommend buying this game, although perhaps not as wholeheartedly as I would've wished.Pros:-combat is exceptionally satisfying and responsive (I love being able to dash, dodge, and shield, get a stun and some sword slashes in)-aesthetically, the game is gorgeous in every respect (including the gameplay, video cutscenes, and anime-like dialogues)-character abilities can be easily changed on the fly (which makes for some cool puzzles where you try to figure out what the optimal build is to beat a certain boss or enemy type)-brutally difficult, even on normal difficulty (I like games that offer enjoyable challenges)Cons:-too many badly designed bosses (bosses only had one pattern and many of them felt like an awkward grind; I would've hoped for multi or alternating attack-pattern bosses with weak enemy adds, as that would be more interesting to make use of all the cool skills Ruiner has to offer, for example, some skills depend on you killing a bunch of enemies to proc, while most boss fights were just you vs boss)-no keyboard remap (I use a dvorak keyboard layout and had to switch to qwerty just to play this game...)-max game volume too low (compared to the volume of other games and applications)-no replayability (for such a beautiful and fun to play game, it feels fairly short; honestly, for such a smooth and fun combat system, I would kill for a full on diablo-sized world to keep playing with such satisfying combat)-no co-op (this game would be really fun if it was an option)If you liked games like Hyper Light Drifter, Hotline Miami, or Transistor, then you will adore Ruiner.  I'd give Ruiner a 90/100 for being fantastic game, which is high, but just a little more (maybe a DLC for a rogue-like endless dungeon or co-op) or fixing up the cons would make this game near perfect for me.  In any case, I highly recommend you try this game; it's more than worth it!"
,Not Recommended,464060,35234412,Posted: 26 September,all,Solus,"""Ruiner? I hardly know 'er!""I really wanted to like this game.The setting is cool, the visuals are neat, the soundtrack is solid...But mechanically this game is a few mistakes away from being a total trash fire.Probably my biggest gripe is that the gameplay in the trailers makes the game seem like Hotline Miami, in which you're dropped into a level & are free to dispose of enemies as you see fit when you come across them. In actuality, it's quite the other way around- you walk down some form of linear corridor before reaching a slightly more open area that you will inevitably be walled into while enemies spawn in around you & you're forced to survive them in small waves, like some kind of half-arsed top-down Killing Floor.Past that, certain key mappings are very awkward, & they are all seemingly hard-coded so you cannot remap them to be more convenient.Many ""cover"" objects/obstacles in maps are flat-out broken, allowing you/your enemies to press up to them & become completely damage-proof from one side, yet still shoot at enemies in any direction without being impeded whatsoever. I could forgive it if we were talking about thin barricades & walls, but most of the objects I'm referring to are more along the lines of solid rectangular shipping containers.Guns are underpowered while a charged melee attack has nearly as much range, far greater & more accurate spread, & doesn't break or run out of ammo while being a one-hit-kill for most enemies; saving you from having to expose yourself long enough to put multiple shots into a gun-wielding enemy & effectively making a majority of guns useless. While I'm sure there are plenty more options that open up to the player the further they progress & upgrade their abilities, for the first few levels that's the single most effective strategy & it makes the gameplay go stale almost instantly.In all, it could be a lot worse for the price tag, but the issues I've listed just flat-out make the game frustrating & boring to play. I can't recommend it in good conscience."
,Recommended,464060,35315712,Posted: 29 September,all,Plutie Cutie,I still like hurting people. And now i also enjoy being called puppy.
76561198031572453,Recommended,464060,35230139,Posted: 26 September,all,Lord Bile,"I bought Ruiner because I love Cyberpunk Genre. At the price it was I though...meh, why not? What a damn suprise. It is the best music score I have ever experienced in a game. It is bravley artistic, unappologetically brutal and most importantly remains true to the Cyberpunk dystopian theme. I had to get used to the controls which was a challenge at first, but once I was sucked in by the story and atmosphere I didnt care, I just wanted to know what was going to happen next in the story. So to the creators of RUINER...Welldone and thank you. The game is worth every penny!"
,Recommended,464060,35240186,Posted: 27 September,all,Killy,Cyberpunk hotline miami??? SIGN ME THE ♥♥♥♥ UP.
76561198059614369,Recommended,464060,35248436,Posted: 27 September,all,VenomHD,"Controls, movement and the difficulty take some serious getting used to, and evidently, it won't be for everyone.The gameplay is where RUINER shines the most. The variety of skills (that you can respec at any time) make the game more interesting, not just because you are trying out new styles of play, but I found it almost necessary to change to tackle certain bosses (which in turn made me better at the game). There is a really good array of weapons you can use that drop from enemies, a weapon grinder that drops after you beat a level, and weapon lockers that you can hack. To go along with all these weapons, RUINER has plenty of enemy types that will test you in a multiude of ways.RUINER does however fall short in some places that can't be overlooked. Firstly, I felt the lack of voice acting hurt the story a fair amount and prevented me from really caring about the characters. Without it, the story is still fine, but voice acting could have complemented the relentess action that makes up most of the game. 'Rengkok South' which is essentially a mini hub world that looks great, is limited due to how you interact with NPC's. You can't enter the buildings, you just initiate some dialogue. It's a real shame because from a design perspective, the world that's been created looks brilliant, and by that I mean the best cyberpunk world I've ever seen in a game.The music was also a bit of a mixed bag for me. There are some great tracks, but other parts just didn't do much for me. The sound effects for weapons and guns were all satisfying however, and it majorly enhances the action, while also making enemies easily identifable while off-screen.TL;DRLook, if you liked Hotline Miami and/or Hyper Light Drifter, this is right up your alley and you should buy this. It is just worth noting that, yes, the game does look great (no doubt due to being made in UE4) but don't let that fool you. The game is pretty damn hard, and I'm reiterating this for good reason. The price is reasonable, but it doesn't feel like the game has too much to offer in terms of replayability. So, if you're on the fence, I would advise waiting for it to go on sale."
76561198058668312,Not Recommended,464060,35249606,Posted: 27 September,all,TheSmokeyBandit,This game should not have launched without the ability to rebind your controls.  Will re-evaluate once that is implemented.
,Recommended,464060,35227906,Posted: 26 September,all,Coznesster Smiff,"Rengkok City: Think Bangkok - only with more gangs, nightclubs and neon lights.Why would anyone go there? To kill the Boss, first and foremost. But if you're also a fan of killing legions of gang members and corporate security, hacking cyber-cats and selling corporate secrets to shady looking dudes then I'm sure you'll enjoy Rengkok.Its a fast, loud and you'll die a lot - but you'd be missing out if you didn't pay it a visit."
,Recommended,464060,35383804,Posted: 1 October,all,S++,"RUINER feels like a mash of different games like, Hotline Miami, Hyper Light Drifter, Superhot and Transistor.[COMBAT]Tough but fair and expect to die a lot. The way combat starts is, it's just you moving onto an area, get locked in a room of death and fight hordes of enemies until you can proceed to the next area. Simple but nice, although some people might find it repetitive but for me, it wasn't a problem.[WEAPONS]There is a lot of weapon variety (from what I've seen atleast) that have different stats and abilities, like plasma rifles, shotguns, assault rifles, pistols and melee weapons. My personal favourite is the Metal Pipe but it might change in the future. (You can also use a Katana which is a godsend for weeaboos :^^)[ABILITIES]There are a lot of abilities and you can re-spec them anytime for free. This sets up for different kinds of playstyles and combinations. I also liked the way you can plan your dashes by holding the RMB button.[CONTROLS]Controls are a tad hard since it's a top-down shooter. You have to press the button depending on the way that your character faces, f.e. if Puppy is looking right and you're supposed to go along a corridor, you have to press D to move forward. If Puppy faces north, you'll have to press W to move forward. This takes some time to get used to. A problem I had with the movement was the dashing, you dash using RMB and WASD. It would be nice if you could use your mouse to dash (not talking about the dash planning).[GRAPHICS, EFFECTS, SOUND and MUSIC]Superb graphics and colour palette for a cyber-punk era game. I really liked the random texts that pop up on the screen randomly, ""KILL YOU"" ""HELLO DARKNESS"" ""WE WERE NEVER FRIENDS"" ""YOU'RE BEING PLAYED"". On the other hand, the music choice for the game did a good job on catching the cyber-punk feeling. Sounds were pretty good too.[CHARACTERS and BOSSES]More on this after I get further into the game. About bosses, they are a bit unfair and need to be tweaked.Verdict : I give Transistor Light Miami a 10/10, mastapeece."
76561198037245510,Recommended,464060,35425878,Posted: 2 October,all,L3xiE,"I've finished the game on ""Hard"", which is the intended difficulty. So I think it makes sense to talk about the flaws and merits of the game from this basis.Pros:Killing people feels satisfyingBeautiful visuals (Game oozes style)Interesting worldMusic (Made me buy the soundtrack)Nailed the atmosphere of a Cyberpunk settingSwitching abilities on the fly (Makes really sense in a Cyberpunk universe). It gives you the chance to adapt to different situations.That there is alot to read lorewise (item descriptions and so on)Time slows down, when you pick up weaponsI really liked the fiddle at the end. That was aReal Kazuhira Miller momentReally love the dashing mechanic in this gameThe guy who put a ""Brand of Sacrifice"" button on HER :) (Google it)Cons and suggestions:No re-bindable keys at the moment, but I think they mentioned a fix for this problemWeird boss checkpoints sometimes -> for instance Donvius has a weird one (Have to fight some goons before I can fight the boss again) -> Just let me always fight the boss instantaneously after I died to himRecycling of some bosses  (Heavy Cyborg)Bosses have only 2 different attacks at max (Look at the Cuphead bosses for an example for attack variety and phases in boss fights)Game drags on at the end (Why do I have to fight a Heavy Cyborg again at some point) -> Tighter game and less bosses, who have more interesting movesets and attacks and a more fleshed out lore/ background storyVisual noise / particle effects are often a hindrance --> It felt like you are too dependent on the shield ability, which deflects projectiles and slows down enemies (also on the normal timestop ability) to keep an overview about the situation, when alot of enemies attack you at once. The player character should be always visible  and distinguishable from his surroundings (enemies for instance) in a game like this.I would have preferred a complete voice overThere should be some audio feedback for getting hits, not only information in form of a health bar and a flashing screen, when your health is low. In my case, it was like this: I didnt see hits, when there was alot of visual noise on the screen. Thats why I often thought, that I was fine. I wasn't fine though and lost alot of health. Only a blinking screen isnt enough on ""Hard"", because you die really fast overall.Abilities like hacking enemies or placing a dash route could have been used in a more interesting way --> For instance hacking random enemies, so they open areas for you like in Splinter Cell, where you hold enemies and place them on objectives, which check their biosignatures to open other areas. You did this kinda with King who followed you in the last level. Or imagine a boss fight, where you have to time your hacking, so you can deactivate a shield of a boss to do damage. Placing dash routes would have been good to overcome more obstacles in the game for instance like in the area, where flames came out of the pipes, which you had to avoid to get some loot at the other end of the area. For instance put some holes in the ground, which you can avoid with placing your dash routes.  Put some cold areas between hot areas, which you can reach with placing dash routes (Meant the area, where you used King to eliminate those hot places on the ground, which burned you. Later on, you have to shoot some stuff to proceed, because you will burn to death otherwise)The parts where we drove bikes or vehicles. It looked cool, but how about including gameplay? Look at Nier:Automata for instance: Just make your game a fullblown top down twinstick shooter for a while, where you have to avoid objects and shoot objects or enemies (Other Bikers who follow you as enemies) like in the intro of Nier:Automata.Some more diversity between different levels. The areas we were fighting in looked pretty much the same, means we only saw industrial themed levels. How about fighting in some Rengkok areas (city areas)?Wished, we could have met HER in Rengkok again in a cutscene after the creditsEven if it looks like, that there are more ""negative"" points, its still an enjoyable and fun game overall. It feels like you had alot of interesting ideas. So many ideas, that you tried to include every idea, but because of time constraints, you couldnt realize the full potential of every idea in the game. I can see, that the devs were passionate about their game while they created it, which I always love to see.A tighter, more fleshed out game would have been better. Never make the game feel like a chore. More playtime doesnt mean a better game. Overall, I give the game a7/10. The 20 Euro were a good investment and its a solid first entry for a young and small studio with ahuge potentialto do even better next time, so I would recommend to support this studio. Would love to see more of Rengkok and the protagonist. :)"
,Recommended,464060,35410094,Posted: 2 October,all,WAAZZAAP,"Beautiful, brutal and fast-paced.Very well done futuristic visuals - ranging from dark underground facilities to densely populated streets of 2091 Rengkok. Neon lights, dimly lit factories, it is a Cyberpunk dream come true, and the visuals are accompanied by top notch soundtrack - it's mostly synthwave, AND it fits just right. RUINER also features a character upgrade system that allows for a very personal playstyle, but still, in the end, everything in this game depends on your positioning. Enemies can and will give you a pretty hard time, and while fighting them might sometimes feel like fending off a zerg rush, the bosses make up for that and are even more challenging.Overall this game is unforgiving, memorable and REALLY scratches my Cyberpunk itch."
,Not Recommended,464060,35231068,Posted: 26 September,all,Freeza,"This is not abadgame per se. I'm sure there's an extremely fun and fairly challenging game beneath this mess.RUINER's first offense is its controls: when I saw that I couldn't rebind any keys, I was kinda bummed out. This seems like a very basic thing to add to a game like this one, which values precise and concise aiming at an incredibly high speed. I had a PS4 controller lying around and plugged it in. No need to change keys now.. Except the game's controls are fundamentally flawed, even more so when using a controller.The aiming system is far from perfect, it feels rushed and way too imprecise. A lot of players will tell you that this adds to the difficulty of the game, but that's just an excuse. Stiff, poorly planned control schemes shouldn't be praised because it makesRUINERmore difficult..Hotline Miamihad a simpler way of dealing with this, although it's not really fair to compare the two because of the vast difference in the amount of stuff you candoinRUINERcompared to HM.Let's get to the bottom of this; the gameplay, the meat of the game.. It gets repetitive and boring really fast. You're constantly doing the same thing over and over, trying to get some nice action with the weirdly unresponsive dashes and the equally flawed shield and occasionally achieving huge combos without really knowing how you pulled them off. Then again with a controller, aiming and using the different weapons is a pain. It all makes for a frustrating experience that has nothing to do with skill - unfortunately - and more to do with the devs' poor choices in regards to controls.RUINERstill shines in both sound design and visual fidelity, with its extremely detailed cyberpunk-y world that gets complemented by a synthpop/ambient dub/synthwave soundtrack reminiscent of, I'll say it,Hotline Miami's near perfect OST. While the game is indeed gorgeous to look at and filled with life, as well as offering a gripping japanese futuristic atmosphere, its horrible control scheme and ridiculous omission of bindable keys coupled with a general lack of control over your shooting makes it an unfair and frustrating experience. Needless to say that in its present state,RUINERisNOTworth 20$."
,Recommended,464060,35322203,Posted: 29 September,all,Sleepless,"So far, it's an enjoyable game, started from the very beginning on Hard mode and actually have had a pretty decently easy time until the third boss or so, and then the sudden difficulty spike really killed my enjoyment after the 50th or so time of trying to beat him. It has great visuals, but the controls are poor and not currently rebindable. At least from what i could tell, it always appeared as though my character would always traverse diagonally even when i'm just pressing up. The off-centeredness of the movement controls seem to be contributing a lot more to the games difficulty than the enemies/levels themselves. Getting spammed with firebombs while also dodging buzzsaws and having to manage your weapons on that third boss was a little more tedious and unfun than i wanted it to be. It felt like i was losing moreso at the fault of the game than my inability as a player. What annoys me most I suppose is that it really doesn't do a good job of telling you when you're taking damage, and with everything moving so fast it's hard to bother glancing up at the top left to check your health. All that complaining aside, i do actually think it's a really solid game, but one that needs some adjustment to be a really great twin stick shooter.The environments are cool, the enemy designs and art direction in general is phenomenal, and the music helps make the combat scenarios feel tense. I'm not that far in but so far the story is pretty generic, but for this type of game I think that's okay. All in all, it's currently a pretty flawed, but fun game. Will more than likely update my review when later patches arrive. I'd say for the time being, wait on it. Given the love that was put into this game I doubt the devs would leave things broken. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,464060,35398964,Posted: 1 October,all,Shego is underrated.,"Pros:-Solid/unique gameplay experience (unique to me)-Soundtrack is really well done and thought out, extremely dynamic-If you're looking for a fulfilling, life changing story, this isn't the place for it. This game has a well placed environment that provides enough back story for many things in game. The gameplay/environment/OST makes up for the lack of it.-Get called papi (its puppy sure, but real ♥♥♥♥♥s hear papi instead)Cons:-Controls are quite iffy on pad/KB+M. I main pad and shooting stuff isn't really fun and very stiff.-It will murder you if you're uncoordinated, but growth comes from experience-Having issues with sound mid game, not too sure if it's just me or the game itself though. The sound just starts glitching out (and no I'm guessing it's not a feature lmao)Get it. The pro's out weigh the cons (most of the time :) ) It has so much replay value that I sat through it once and had to play it again. It's funny because the second time through was more enjoyable to me.-Ace game 7.5/10"
,Recommended,464060,35368130,Posted: 1 October,all,AlterRektMLG,"I haven't completed the game yet and I'm about to beat MOTHER and I will say this-This game is absolutely fantastic!We all know about the OST so we don't need to talk about that right?It has Susumu Hirasawa in it!So, let's talk about the game itself and how well it performs and stands up to its inspiration, Hotline Miami?Firstly, let me tell you this-the people who are talking badly about the game are only doing so because they officially suck at the game and not because the game is unfair by any means.See, maybe they are attacking all the bosses with the same loadout but in this game, it won't work that way.Each boss has his own abilities and to beat them, you'll need to figure out what abilities and loadout you need for beating it(him/her).Try to attack the guys on fire head on and see what happens to you-this is the thing why you'll need to think fast and by fast,, I mean in milliseconds fast.Hotline Miami was hard but it also sometimes depended on your luck but in RUINER, forget luck, it's just pure skills you require to beat the bosses as well as the normal enemies.The range of enemies is big enough and will never feel the same.The levels look similar but play out completely differently and you'll feel like you've been there before.Sure, the bosses get a bit challenging when you have no option to beat them directly but to first beat a series of creeps/enemies first.This game is fast, brutal and requires you to stay focused because it's a real challenge unlike CUPHEAD which is basically not that hard of a game as people make it out to be to get attention from their friends how they beat a ""VERY HARD GAME AHAHAHA"".I'm writing this review because I'm pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the people who are reviewing the game badly only because they suck at beating the bosses even on NORMAL.Their attention span is probably of a two year old and those crybabies are ruining the rating here.I won't ask for upvotes but if you really think that this game is fair, do upvote my review."
,Recommended,464060,35430255,Posted: 2 October,all,frost,"Do you want to buy RUINER? *Shrugs*Well...Do you like cyberpunk? *Nods*Do you like waifus who don't wear pants *Nods*Do you like frustration and anger? *Nods*Do you like hurting other people? *Cracks Knuckles*Then the game is for you.That's it, then. What you're gonna do now. Nod or Shrug?"
,Not Recommended,464060,35229567,Posted: 26 September,all,Okko,Feels like you are fighting against the controls of the game instead of the enemies.
,Not Recommended,464060,35246870,Posted: 27 September,all,Omega Von Doom,"I ended up refunding this.I thought this was going to be Transistor meets Hotline Miami. It's more of a Twin Stick Shooter with some bullet-hell elements. The controls are mapped very poorly and handles non-intuitively. With enough people complaining about that, I'm sure they'll patch it soon so that you can rebind. I made it to the first boss and killed him pretty easily, but I felt I was fighting the controls more than baddies in game.The game looks great. Though I think it leans towards style over substance. The animation is very floaty and the guns feel and handle like pop toys.Plus, some peeps are finishing it in less than 4 to 5 hours.I might pick this up on sale, but for now it just didn't feel like it was worth the asking price."
76561197970729546,Recommended,464060,35255679,Posted: 27 September,all,PowderedToastMAN,"Excellent game so far!First off, beware of some negative reviews with < 1hr playtimes.  Make sure to look at the reviewer's playtime before taking anything into consideration.  The game opens up early on and some complaints aren't legitimate, or are remedied when you reach a certain point in the game.-= The good =-Game runs smooth and no crashes yet.  Amazing art design, atmosphere, sound and music.  The characters ooze cyberpunk.  Story so far is pretty simple, but might open up as time goes on.  The combat is fun, addicting, and rewarding.  There is a feeling of weight to characters and hits.  Once the game truly begins and you reach the skills tutorial, you'll see how the game and gameplay opens up.The game is very challenging and it's proud of it.  I've found the difficulty (so far) relatable to Hotline Miami.  Yes, you will die a lot at various parts, but I've hit no roadblocks yet and haven't been frustrated.  Example, one boss killed me 15 or so times, then I swapped out my skills and tried a new approach, then beat him the first try.  Beating a difficult area is satisfying and you have enough tools to overcome the obstacles.  The load times are super quick and you're back in action in seconds.  It's meant to be a tough game, which I personally like as I'm not a fan of games that are too easy or hold your hand.  This is an adrenaline fueled game with challenge and fast-pacing.  Keep that in mind.-= The bad =-Okay, the keyboard and mouse control is difficult at the moment, and not being able to rebind is unfortunate.  But this will be patched I'm hoping.  I switched to an XBOX360 controller and haven't had any issues.  Controls well, although it does take a good hour to get a feel for it.  I had the same learning curve playing Hotline Miami.  Saying that I'm still having issues aiming guns, but that might be because I don't play many dual-stick games.  The more I play the better I get, but there is a tendency to rely on melee weapons more than guns.  I think this is because 1) it's easier to control and aim the melee weapons and 2) the guns are a bit underpowered."
,Recommended,464060,35338695,Posted: 30 September,all,BCaulfield,"WE WERE NEVER FRIENDSI'm a huge fan of Deus Ex franchise, and if there's a cyberpunk theme I'm totally in for that. Ruiner does one thing that no game has done to me. It's like something tries to get in my goddamn head. Texts shows up so randomly with great effects that you feel like ""what the hell?"". Characters are unique and mysterious, and with that athmosphere you can really feel inside of the game. Well done developers, you did what triple A companies couldn't do.HELLO DARKNESSI don't even have to mention soundtracks, they are just awesome.KILL YOUI don't usually buy games without a discount. It's the first game I've bought without it and I'm not dissapointed at all.COME ON PUPPYThere's ONLY ONE thing I don't like, boss fights. They're ridiculously bulls- and hard. A corridor and shield breaking laser. What can I possibly do without dying? I'm gonna kms. Boss fights should be tweaked...YOU ARE BEING PLAYEDBuy this."
,Not Recommended,464060,35293841,Posted: 29 September,all,Grimeh,"TL;DR: Needs tweaking really, really badly. Probably worth a play but it will take a design patch before it's a truly great game.Disclaimer: I'm only ~3 hours in and will definitely continue playing if only just to see if the problems mentioned below get any better.The world, characters, and general aesthetic look and feel GREAT. I love what Reikon have done here. Big shoutout to whoever was responsible for the music, it fits in perfectly and there are some real bangers in there.I love the ability to swap your ability toolset and experiment with different strategies at any given point.HOWEVERRUINER in it's current state feels waaaaay too ""spongey"". The challenge only really comes from bullet sponges for enemies, and AI that feel less like people within a world and more like omnipresent beings (even accounting for cybernetic implants). Most of the boss fights feel more like an akward grind than anything.There's so much to like about this game, and it's soooo close to being a really great title. I really wanted to like it, but the combat is just such a let down.As a player I don't feel rewarded when I successfully execute moves that the games seems to be designed around, like slowing time, dashing to dodge bullets and get up into an enemies face to take them down. Instead of being rewarded with the sound of a dead enemy, I'm met with little more than a smaller red bar at their feet, and them somehow reacting instantly to my new location and blasting me in the face. I'm forced to cancel my next move, go back and finish the enemy off, ruining ANY sense of flow within the combat.I can progress through the level and the game just fine, but the fights are just mundane. Whenever you die (and you will) you feel like the game cheated you and it's just frustrating.The enemy health bars are really hard to see btw, and having them present by default only seems to distract from the larger picture, which seems counter to what Reikon are trying to do given the number of enemies within each fight. If you pick up this title I'd recommend turning them off.A lot of people seem bent on comparing this to Hotline Miami, but it's probably the furthest you can get from it. Where HM felt tight, quick, and immensely satisfying, RUINER leaves me disappointed and frustrated. I'm doing everything it seems to want, with little to no reward.During my time first playing RUINER, I tried Hard initially, found the bullet sponge situation to be unbearable and assumed I would have a better time on Normal. However even after switching still found the combat just as disappointing.On the topic of in-game settings, not having the ability to remap buttons is less than ideal, but hey we're on Steam so we can do that ourselves I guess. Also would have appreciated the option to change the shield ability to hold-to-use rather than toggle, found it weird that I couldn't change that.Last thing I will say is that Capt. Bodgan is the worst boss fight I've ever played that I can remember, hands down. Every time I felt like I was playing well I would be punished by some grenade bouncing off the wall and exploding in my face before I could react to it. The blast radius on everything in that fight feels larger than it should be, the AI seems to know where I was going to be at the end of my dash before I did, then proceed to shoot me in the face with a grenade before I get control of my character back, killing me at half-health.There doesn't seem to be any identifiable hole in his behaviour pattern, making it hard to formulate any kind of plan. When he finally does stop firing, his shields immediately go up, reflecting any projectiles, and when you do get it down he starts launching grenades at your face again. Grendades that can kill you at half health shouldn't travel *that fast* AND explode on impact. One or the other, not both. All the issues with the AI design are very very apparent in that particular fight, because of the nature of his weapons and the environment.Exploding a barrel when a boss is next to it feels very underwhelming, doing the same amount of damage it would have if I had just fired those bullets at the boss instead. The barrels feel more like environmental hazards than tools to be taken advantage of.In summary, maybe I'm getting old at the ripe age of 24 and can't play shooters anymore, but to me RUINER feels more interested in punishing the player than entertaining them. Not in the Dark Souls challenging but fair kind of way either, in a ♥♥♥♥ you I'm the computer simulation and you're the lowly human kind of way. If that's your thing then pick it up by all means, but it's not what I'd call a satisfying game."
,Recommended,464060,35253403,Posted: 27 September,all,Bill Simmons,"Devolver stan here.I went into this game after seeing a few clips of gameplay from PAX thinking that the combat would be similar to that of Hotline (one shoting enemies, peaking corners to avoid getting one shot yourself).RUINER almost takes that one shot route if you play onHARD, enemies will do a good chunk of damage and you will need to use your abilities to chip them down with swings of your pipe or gun shots from distance.With the mention of abilities I currently use a few, not the full skill set even though I have abilities bound to each of the keys. RUINER gives you the option to customize your playstyle, personally I took the tank or I know I'm going to get hurt in each stage I need more health/healing abilities. You could change this type of style to a high damage dealing, quick, mind controlling bad boy, but that's just not my style.You can always change your abilities if you want to by using the ability wheel (mid-combat even).Gameplay is just as fast as Hotline, you'll be dashing around blowing up dumb nerds with shotguns point blank. Stunning multiple enemies, then calculating a multi-dash slicing through for some sweet combo-murders.Soundtrack is great, playing into the second area I can hear similarities to the Hotline soundtracks. Is the soundtrack better than Hotline? I don't think so. If you're bummed out just pop in the Hotline soundtrack, lower in-game music volume to 0% and carry on killing.I think there is a quick learning curve to this game, the tutorial will not get you ready for the gameplay ahead. And that's fine no one wants to get bogged down with a long tutorial. I began the game on HARD and debated a few times changing the difficulty, during the boss battles. Stuck it out and learned that you're meant toALWAYS BE DASHING, without doing so you'll soak up shots from goobers with shotguns around the corner.As you progress your enemies get stronger/more dangerous with more abilities they will seem more similar to you and more difficult to kill. However you will also get stronger as time goes on with you skill set.I'm interested to see where this game ends.If you're on the fence I won't push you over, if you're looking for something similar to Hotline I'm drop kicking you to this side."
,Recommended,464060,35303858,Posted: 29 September,all,c0wb3ll,"Your basic, contrived minions-then-bosses action rpg. The game construction is simple, but the aesthetics are solid, and the little details like word balloons for crowds and even mining robots you pass by, make the game worth slogging through. Note: ""Easy"" mode is still quite difficult."
,Recommended,464060,35372231,Posted: 1 October,all,Red Son,"7/10Hotline Miami + Blade RunnerThis game is a little bit unbalanced in the few hours with its bullet-spongey enemies, until you level up and get more abilities, so I'd reccomend melee focus in the early game and then respect into stun grenades + energy regeneration with long range damage.Isn't especially long, beat it in 9 hours on hard difficulty. Story is predictable and kinda tired at this point, but the aesthetics and design and neat music pull it through.I wish the game had more sound effects and voice work though. Text messages and excessive quietness in cutscenes in  2017 is kinda unacceptable IMHO."
,Not Recommended,464060,35271455,Posted: 28 September,all,dinorice,"The controls are obnoxious to even think about. Every level is tilted, and W moves you in whatever direction it wants to. This plus the fact that every level is rotated differently makes for a reasonably ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t experience.The enemies have the reflexes of Satan himself, meaning if you dash behind them, they will pull an instant 90 degree turn and blast you in the sweater-vest.You can't change the controls unless you download a universal keybinder, which is stupid.Overall I didnt enjoy my stay I'm gonna give it a bad review on Yelp and room service didnt fold the bedsheets the right way seeyaPros:Pipe.It hurts."
,Not Recommended,464060,35241418,Posted: 27 September,all,Kan3da.,"I wanted to love this Game. I love TwinStick action and im a Cyberpunk fan to the death.Sadly, i cant recommend it to either hardcore Cyberpunk fans OR Twinstick action fans.Why?The Cyberpunk:-It can look gorgeous. The scoring fizzling in over the screen, the fonts all of it feels right. It falls short on the deeper end. There is no real heft to the world, Rengkok is too clean, too lean and not tech enough. It doesnt go beneath the pumped up street trash, corporate thug and cyberpsycho cliché while omitting the sex and the drugs entirely. The ingame cutscenes also are awkard too often.The TwinStick:The control scheme feels awful on Keyboard and Gamepad. Your view is fixed into one direction unless you move RS or Mouse, the audioscape is a mushed mess with little to no feedback as is the effects and Interface.Gameplaywise its pretty apparent that it didnt play out as intended. Slowmo is controlled by the campaign, the almost 180° arc melee swipe is compensating for the obfuse collision and timings. Damage is horrible on Hard and Medium with guns, including Shotguns feeling useless. The powers are way to clunky and awkard to handle.Make up your own mind, but for the hardcore cyberpunk fan and hardcore twinstick fan i can clearly state: Save yourself another disappointment.Because they *almost* got it right. :/"
76561198058828924,Recommended,464060,35247882,Posted: 27 September,all,Funnygger,"If you think the first boss is hard, wait for the mobs in the first level."
76561198005336172,Recommended,464060,35435467,Posted: 2 October,all,Trolleur_Durden,"This game is basically Hotline Miami with much better graphics and gameplay. Despite some flaws, RUINER is an amazing game that's definitely worth it.Pros :-Excellent gameplay. Dodge bullets, slow time, use a shield to deflect♥♥♥♥♥♥throwed in your general direction, and so much more when it comes to kill people in a creative way.-Amazing art design. If you love dystopian cyberpunk settings, you won't be disappointed.-Very good soundtrack.Cons :-Short (more or less 8 to 10 hours to finish the game)-Difficulty not always smooth (some early bosses are much deadlier than others encountered later)-Some bosses are ""recycled"" (same sprites and graphics but with some new attacks).A last piece of advice if you plan to try it : do your first playthrough in easy, even if you think that you're a hardcore gamer ! The difficulty spikes very early and the game needs some practice to get used to the gameplay, resulting in a very frustrating beginning if you start in a higher difficulty."
,Recommended,464060,35452968,Posted: 3 October,all,GROSS,"The game presents a grim look at our future, where criminals can hack your brain, the world is ruled by corporations and KRISS Vector is most useless weapon"
76561198031476826,Recommended,464060,35423799,Posted: 2 October,all,Arakso,"Furi meets Ghost in the Shell meets Blade Runner. Hard as nails with a great aesthetic, fun story, and satisfying combat. Also some awesome music. If you're into cyberpunk I highly recommend it for the music and visuals alone."
76561198072872403,Recommended,464060,35423459,Posted: 2 October,all,THE Mexicutionare,"I really don't know what to say. The difficulty is top notch and makes me want to keep going. The only reason is I was a huge fan of Crusador no Remorse, and this game brings that nastalgic feeling i am playing it again. The atmosphere is cyber punk to the fullest, the guns, melee weapons are fun to use. I havent quite gotten used to the aiming yet. every shot missed you can feel. I recommend this game if you love cyber punk overhead gameplay with added difficulty."
76561198024405132,Not Recommended,464060,35255286,Posted: 27 September,all,DevoidKitsune,"Right up until the final boss, I was tempted to rate this game as ""Recommended"", even though I had been very inbetween for the vast majority of the game. The final boss, though, just solidified how awful this game handles actual boss battles and shows a shockingly flawed grasp on what makes a boss enjoyable. If I could give a numbered rating, I'd give it a solid 4/10 at best, surely not higher. I'll start with a list before giving any more personal opinions.Pros:-Base Mechanics are fun-Melee hits feel heavy-Gun gameplay gets more satisfying as you play-Decent abilities to choose from-Hub area is interesting and lively; bustling with quirky activityCons:-Awful plot that tries way too hard to throw ""twists"", especially at the end-The gameplay never changes past the first level-The Bosses are some of the most boring, worst designed enemies you could hope to never have-Music often sounds like what one could call ""Baby's First Techno""-Last Boss is the apex of what makes certain video games absolutely horrible, especially when there is an even worse bit of plot to follow-Only 3 unique bosses, every other one is a copy-paste, carbon copy of the others just with different guns-Only 3 changes of scenery; highly repetitive in both looks and gameplay-Lacks an overall sense of what makes games like this fun(?)-Heavily uninspired gameplay and abilities, even with the amount of choicesOkay, so with all that out of the way, I want to get into some things that just sadden me about this game.The core gameplay is fun, very basic and nothing new, but fun. Hitting people with a sword or even just your pipe feels solid, a bit forced, but it's still a good feeling to hit someone in the gut and watch the body fly a bit. The guns start off weak with almost no ammo and seem pointless, but gradually get beter as you rank up. The bodies get bloody and it's just a fun bit of killing. The bosses as a whole, which were mentioned a lot in the cons, were what truly killed the game for me.I played the game on hard, but it wasn't the difficulty that made the bosses cancerous, it was the way that after the first real boss, not mini boss, there isn't a single original fight. You have fought every single mini boss, the only changing factor ends up being the guns they weild. By the time you've beaten the first full level, you have seen everything the mini bosses have to offer, along with the grunts. The gameplay no longer changes outside of what abilities you get to spice things up. The game takes this as an excuse to just throw more enemies at you instead of putting in the effort to actually develop new ones. If they don't just shoot, they shield, and if they don't just shoot and shield, they dash.The more I fought bosses, the more my initial euphoria wore off. The game starts you off in an amazing little hub once you're out of  the tutorial, and it is bustling with lively activity! The npcs talk to one another and have actual little stories you can read that progress as you finish levels. It's a fun way of keeping players interested in the world inbetween the killing, and I loved seeing some characters just vanish and watching as their friends/lovers talk about missing them. It's a small set of details that help immerse the player into this fascinating cyberpunk world that you want to know more about...but then you get back to the action, and a mini boss appears.MILD SPOILERS AHEAD- NOT PLOT, JUST MECHANICSI'm truly stunned at how Devolver, a group that has been around for quite some time, could fail so heavily at grasping the concept, let alone importance of a good boss battle. The first real boss was the only one that was in any way decent, the second, involves quite literally no fighting. You run, then shoot 4 generators to trap the boss, then you just hit him for 5 seconds, rinse and repeat until you kill him. The last boss is by FAR the worst boss I've ever fought in a video game for some of the most absurdly obscene reasons I could have never expected. Angels are enemies that you kill throughout the final level, they take almost no damage to destroy and then just explode. They also, however, spawn enemies, so you want to kill them.The game says ""♥♥♥♥ you, player"" and makes them invincible simply so that the last boss battle is a pain the♥♥♥♥♥of tedious repetition with infinitely spawning enemies. It doesn't make the battle dramatic, it doesn't make it a challenge that requires skill to over come, it makes it one of the biggest pain in the♥♥♥♥♥battles I've experienced in 20 years of playing games. You run in circles, shield from a laser, dodge infinite enemies that rarely drop health, and then shoot in the brief 6 seconds you have to damage the tankiest enemy of the game. Every boss fight in this game is poorly designed with no stages that do the same attack over and over until you win. It never changes, it never progresses.I excused the awful bosses for most of the game, because yes, they sucked about as much as you can before you have a free, failed tech demo on your hands, but the core gameplay was fun. The boss just killed the entire mood for me because it was everything wrong with every boss multiplied by 12. After that, you get an unsatisfying, bland and predictable ""Twist"" that you can tell they were proud of for no reason what so ever. Not going to spoil that cringe for you though, so I digress.One mini-boss in particular made me realize how awful this game's grasp on fun was. It was an enemy with a rocket launcher, that even at 6 bars of health would kill me in 3 hits, and he fired 2 at a time, then threw grenades. One could argue that you have to adapt to the nature of the game, which in this case, with my upgrades at the time, was simply staying in the middle of the map away from walls and dodging as much as I could, then shooting when his AI pathing broke and he got ""confused"". It was just a man shooting nearly insta-gibbing rockets and grenades with an obscene amount of health. A challenge is welcomed, it is why I started on hard, but this is not a challenge, it's just an abysmal example of what happens when detached individuals design bosses and don't play test them too.More so to it, it's an example of why putting in less effort truly does make the game lesser. Spending 10 days extra on even just one other type of miniboss would have done teirs of good for this game, because you should never, ever fight every type of mini boss, or as this game called them, ""Head hunts"" before even beating the first real boss. With enough upgrades at the end, it wasn't even about actually fighting the bosses anymore, it became the same simple mix over and over to beat them in the most sane way possible.Bring up shieldRam with shield to stunShootBring up shield when unstunnedRam with shield to stunShootAnd then rinse and repeat until the boss finally died.I got this game for myself as a gift, because it came out the day after my birthday and I was deeply excited to play. It was beyond a let down, it was just bad. The bosses drained more and more fun from the game with each one I encountered, and the ending was just beyond wretched. The music of a game like this is one of the most important things you can have outside the actual combat; more so than the world I'd dare say. The music was laughable, especially considering how it never stops playing. The only memorable song was in the Hub world, which I will say was interesting, but not something I'd ever listen to alone. The rest of the music I would prefered to have muted and listened to my own. I didn't do that because sadly, I held onto ""Hope"", which this game deprives one of quickly.Nothing about this game stood out aside from the Hubworld, the character was deeply interesting at first, but just loses your interest the moment you realize what is happening in this highly forseeable plot. I'd say this game is 10 dollars at best, the end."
,Not Recommended,464060,35231126,Posted: 26 September,all,[A MEX] El Burrito,"Keyboard controls are weird. The game is in isometric view and I expected W to make me go straight up. But instead it makes me go diagonally up and to the right. I would expect to have to hold W and D to do that. There is no way to change this in the keybinds or gameplay settings. It's too annoying to play it like is currently, it's making me feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,464060,35248553,Posted: 27 September,all,MiniDark2049,"Very Fun and Fast Paced, Action Packed, Hardcore."
,Recommended,464060,35249514,Posted: 27 September,all,Mr. Durden,"RUINER is an excellent game. If you have love for old-school top-down shooters, grab this. Brutal difficulty (even on normal!), interesting story and loads of replayability (if you want to outdo your high scores, that is).I had been waiting for this game ever since I saw the first trailer for it, and I was not disappointed. I had high expectations, and they were actually exceeded.There are probably way better written reviews out there about the nuances of the combat and how fast-paced it is, as well as other things about this game. I would read those. This is just a simple recommendation. Thanks Reikon for making such a bad♥♥♥♥♥game!"
,Recommended,464060,35243966,Posted: 27 September,all,XIRB,"Solid game. Nice environments, good music and challenging gameplay."
,Recommended,464060,35237091,Posted: 27 September,all,Sage,This game is exhausting. By the end of the tutorial my heart rate was racing and I was phisically tired. Absloutely amazing.Im honestly having a blast. Once you get the system down its amazing.The game play can be a bit samey but theres enough to it to keep it going.
,Recommended,464060,35434608,Posted: 2 October,all,[DDZS]Hexenritter,"Crusader: No Remorse meets Ghost in the Shell by way of Hotline Miami in a Perturbator video. If you aren't rock hard by now, this game is not for you. Hard difficulty is where it's at. It can feel punishing as hell but when it clicks and you drop nine guys in the space of several seconds it's all worth it. I do agree with some others that there is some weird checkpointing going on. A boss encounter should always have a checkpoint just prior, not force you to  fight fifteen guys right beforehand every time. Overall though I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,464060,35435216,Posted: 2 October,all,Near a Tomato,AESTHETICS
,Recommended,464060,35410927,Posted: 2 October,all,Downwell: The Movie,"From the start, it stuck out in aesthetics, flow, design, and sound. It all works together in an organic way. I set the difficulty to hard and I got a hard game, nothing I didn't sign up for. But I think it's more fun this way, I really have to learn the systems and mechanics and excell at them to be effective.So many times I found spamming abilities made it harder for me to survive encounters, and that's great, it teaches you how to position yourself and you have to be clever about it at all times.Even minor thugs can screw you up if you're not at the top of your game, which adds to the intensity and pacing of the game.Really loving it so far, would highly recommend!"
,Recommended,464060,35412505,Posted: 2 October,all,Rivals,"Just beat it on Hard. It's definitely the way to play this sort of game.  Here's a tip, upgrade the Kinetic barrier skill as it is a god-damned life saver.Fun game + great aethestics +  little touch of indie jank = Something to play on a weekend in."
,Recommended,464060,35436184,Posted: 2 October,all,doYouEvenFeed,Well worth your money and time. Adrenaline and heart pumping goodness.
,Recommended,464060,35454815,Posted: 3 October,all,S4GONGO4,GG
,Recommended,464060,35489843,Posted: 5 October,all,[mad.] CATmanG,"11/10 Would plow a bloody wave through herds of enemies againt. KILL BOSS+pumping sound track+fun+challenging+lots of weapons+feel like a boss cutting down hapeless enemies, who will own you if you are not on your toes+Twenty bucks-short game, leaves you wanting more.-rage quit more than once ><"
,Recommended,464060,35498970,Posted: 5 October,all,tokuvelli,Her dreams include heaven fallI am adrift but there is peaceGood puppy kills them all
,Recommended,464060,35479178,Posted: 4 October,all,Auburok,"Cyberpunk top-down shooter that isn't as unforgiving as Hotline Miami, but is arguably more fun due to the options available to the player.The story is the weakest part of the game, but the gameplay, art and soundtrack are all excellent. It's fun if you don't mind a challenge, though an easy mode is out there for people just looking for an ""experience"" in a cyberpunk world.The game's not particularly long, but I've enjoyed what's there quite a bit. They've already made improvements to the game, I'm looking forward to what else they have in store!"
76561198087546429,Recommended,464060,35330597,Posted: 30 September,all,Jhon B2BLACK,"Bought the game, finished it in one sitting, did it on hard difficulty (Developers recommended).Hands ♥♥♥♥ing hurt like hell, on controllerNo clue what the story was about anymore, although I thought I knew up until the final few sequencesMusic was pretty dank, the artwork was pretty nice, the game was pretty ♥♥♥♥ed upI loved itPlease do NOT kick my ♥♥♥♥ing window, kthanksNo for real though, I loved how it went from deus ex human revolution to auschwitz in like 20 minutes"
,Recommended,464060,35253348,Posted: 27 September,all,T O N Y,This game is hard af and also make me hard af
76561198075561086,Recommended,464060,35348639,Posted: 30 September,all,ISIS v.2,"Cyberpunk hotline miami with amazing swordplay. Need I say more?This game is another masterpiece published by Devolver. It has a superb plot with amazing characters, really fun and challenging boss fights, excelent swordplay, okay gunplay and a great skill system. The plot of this game was really interesting but the side quests kind off cut off abruptly in the end, hopefully there will be DLC to tie up the loose ends. The combat in this game is so fast paced and fun that sometimes I found myself completely immersed in the game trying to focus all of my thoughts on it. The shield and dash skills are obviously the best working combo for now, but the timing needs to be perfect in order to use its effectively and once you get the stun upgrade for the shield, the game becomes way easier. The gunplay feels a bit weak and sometimes the guns are completely useless for fighting bosses, most of the time I could just use melee to beat them but it is still fun at times and guns like shotguns are incredibly satisfying to use. Overall I would say that with the gunplay being a bit weak but still fun at times, and everything else in the game being superb this game is another masterpiece and a great experience. 9/10"
,Recommended,464060,35402796,Posted: 1 October,all,medved,"Don't let those complaining about the difficulty scare you away from this stylistic, cyberpunk, murder romp. It is challenging and rewarding. Also, the music is pretty great. If you like Hotline Miami, you'll love this."
76561198100491991,Recommended,464060,35231335,Posted: 26 September,all,Daiyashi,"2 hours in and absolutely frickin love it. Never played a game with such a perfect grasp on cyberpunk dystopian fiction as this. Despite me finding it a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥at first getting it to work (was stuck on borderless window mode which was breaking the display for some reason), once I did it was pure enjoyment and rush. Can't wait to master the mechanics and become fully immersed in this fully fleshed out, intricate cyberpunk universe of awesomeness.11/10, what I have always wanted out of a game.P.S: KILL BOSS ヽ༼ಠل͜ಠ༽ﾉ"
,Recommended,464060,35236770,Posted: 26 September,all,Kabu,"RUINER is named as it is because it RUINS your fingers after you spend hours playing it with a controller. 10/10, would get cyberized hand replacement surgery again."
,Recommended,464060,35250710,Posted: 27 September,all,SergeitZ,"Play the game on HARDDie a Million timesBecome a GOD in Twin stick shootersDrink coffeePlay on NORMALDOMINATEFeel Badass!1,000,000 out of 10Highly Recommend.... Jensen is the real puppy, Cyberpunk Gimp is the man... End Transmition."
,Recommended,464060,35234451,Posted: 26 September,all,SpookyBoys!,<3
,Recommended,464060,35247469,Posted: 27 September,all,`impulse,is p. Nice
,Recommended,464060,35241696,Posted: 27 September,all,PUPPY,"""GET UP AND TRY AGAIN"" - Her"
,Recommended,464060,35234270,Posted: 26 September,all,oscillik,"Engaging atmosphere, awesome soundtrack, moreish gameplay."
,Recommended,464060,35236349,Posted: 26 September,all,Skooma Daddy,"Hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ In a good way. Also, cyberpunk, so automatic brownie points.In all seriousness this game is absolutely awesome. I'm playing on Hard and it's absolutely kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ so it's no joke. If you're a cyberpunk fan, you need to pick this up. I also like that they called the ""XP points"" Karma. Nice little Shadowrun inspiration there."
76561198043757769,Recommended,464060,35233230,Posted: 26 September,all,Jake,This game ruined me.
,Recommended,464060,35451426,Posted: 3 October,all,Captain Limpy,Highly recommended for people who love  cyberpunk and twinstick shooters.
76561198018819106,Recommended,464060,35449837,Posted: 3 October,all,MacBath,"Chaotic, frenetic, energetic,  If you LOVE really tough but fair gameplay and great music pick this up at full price.  Its such a fully realized cyberpunk world that you just groove and kill to.  About 5 hours in haven't beaten it yet can't wait"
,Recommended,464060,35452257,Posted: 3 October,all,icarus and the the,Fantastic game. Brilliant atmosphere. Excellent music. Riveting gameplay.I played with a mouse/keyboard and it was great all the way through.
76561198009310380,Recommended,464060,35448464,Posted: 3 October,all,Kraull,"This game is just so much fun. You do die a lot, but personnally I don't care at all. I love everything about this game. I strongly recommend for those who like to play from time to time, with lots of action. You also need to like electronic music I'ld say. Very interesting game imo."
76561198019254750,Recommended,464060,35435722,Posted: 2 October,all,vctr,"Awesome cyberpunk aesthetic with really fun gameplay once you get the hang of the controls. Some might call it repetitive and it is, but I see it more like a hotline miami kind of repetitive. Difficulty from boss to boss doesn't feel like a progression, sometimes they're crazy hard then the next super easy. Overall really fun game with a good soundtrack and ambiance."
,Recommended,464060,35440103,Posted: 3 October,all,Jolt,Beautiful gameGreat soundtrackFast paced fun gameplayChallengingA++First class game
,Recommended,464060,35435841,Posted: 2 October,all,Jayzen,"Like cyberpunk, girls calling you poppy, or shoot'em ups? Than this game is for you.  Recommends playing it on hard and that's what I did.  No idea how difficult it is on easier levels but the game certainly kicked my♥♥♥♥♥until I figured out ways around an encounter.Love this game."
,Recommended,464060,35476612,Posted: 4 October,all,KILL BOSS,HER jacket has a BERSERK's reference10/10
76561198016397464,Recommended,464060,35477370,Posted: 4 October,all,BigShaman,"Cyberpunk games are so rare that when one gets announced it immediately grabs my attention as a lover of the literary genre. And that's strange, 'cause developers could really do a lot with this kind of setting, too bad it doesn't sell greatly since a lot of kids don't even know who Philip♥♥♥♥♥♥(don't censor it Steam, it's a name!!!), Sterling, Effinger or Gibson are. That said, when I first saw Ruiner gameplay in a trailer I was hooked! An action Cyberpunk game where you control a ♥♥♥♥in' killing cybernetic machine? Published by the great Devolver Digital? Sign me in! Finally someone decides to take the sci-fi megacity sprawl setting and do something right with it! Screw the last Deus Ex, what an epic failure that game was. That and the anti-charismatic Adam ""I am a good boy"" Jensen. Ruiner may not be a perfect game, but boy it surely delivers!It is action packed, violent, brutal and fast. Mind you, it's not as hard as some people claim it to be, you've got tons of powers to overcome difficulties. Plus you have to manage your weaponry: you have a basic ranged weapon (that can be upgraded through the skill tree) and a melee weapon. The cool thing is that you can grab those dropped by the enemies or found throughout the levels, which are incredibly powerful. They range from normal shotguns, to fire spitting guns, railguns, elemental weapons, katanas that make enemies EXPLODE and saw launchers!Combining powers, weapons and movement is the key to victory either you play on normal or hard. There are infinite continues like Hotline Miami, so it's just a matter of skills or how you approach a situation. Of course at the beginning it can be a bit confusing, but once you figure out the perfect cybernetic powers combo you'll gain the upper hand. Personally, I think that some of those powers are really overpowered and can get you through boss fights without any problem, so the developers may want to patch up some things or add a more difficult mode for players that want a real challenge (not me, I am too old to curse against a screen).Graphically speaking, they nailed it. Every level feels like a suffocating metallic mess, a sprawl of cables, elevators and technology that would make every cyberpunk fan happy. Even Rengkok South, the main hub, feels just right, taking inspiration from the Blade Runner movie. The gun effects and the explosions are great, and it's satisfying to stand still after a battle watching the corpses of your enemies lie down at your feet.Storywise, Ruiner is pretty weak, maybe 'cause it is pretty short. And that's my only complaint, the game is far too short and some of the story gets rushed to the end. Honestly I was hoping for something more, but hey, it's still better than Deus Ex: Mankind Divided. Too bad that there is NO voice acting, which is kinda odd for a modern game with very few dialogues, maybe they will add it in the future. The GREAT soundtrack compensates for this, it's one of the best synthwave electrobeat♥♥♥♥♥♥I've heard since Hotline Miami. It has that futuristic feeling and it contains aggressive and atmospheric tracks that are very good to listen even if you're not playing the game.Overall, since the price is honest, I really recommend RUINER to every action game and cyberpunk fan.Get it him puppy!"
76561198054773976,Recommended,464060,35455766,Posted: 3 October,all,Stealthy Cockatrice,"If Hotline Miami and Transistor would adopt a puppy they would name it Ruiner.An okay experience thats well worth it if you enjoyed Hotline Miami's over the top top down shooting with lots of dying, quick reloads and a weird story but you'd also prefer to have a more robust rpg system such as leveling and a skill tree.Gameplay pretty much speaks for itself, you basically have to clear wave after wave of enemies with boss fights in between so you can reach your final goal and the end of the story. The skill tree offers a lot of variety and there are tons of weapons to have fun with which I really enjoyed though I prefered to use melee more often. It can get a bit boring if you're not too much invested in the gameplay.The Story isnt something spectacular and mindblowing though it does offer a certain mistery which keeps you going and the ending was quite okay to be honest. I'd love to see more of the world Reikon Games have created and their characters.The atmosphere is extremely cyberpunkinsh with a lot of red tint which can get annoying for some, though I appreciated the artistic touch. Most of the places feel cyber industrial which was a bit dissapointing as I would've preffered more variety.Sound and music are well made, specifically the music. It helps create the atmosphere, the industrial cyberpunk nature of the game. Sadly there is no voice acting considering there is written dialogue in the game.Overall I'd say this is a good start for what Reikon Games wanted to achieve and I'm honestly hoping for a better bigger and more varied sequel. 7.9/10"
,Recommended,464060,35481987,Posted: 4 October,all,Waffles,I liked being a faceless man with and LED panel for a face.
76561198082438220,Recommended,464060,35464861,Posted: 3 October,all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,"This game is so awesome, the art style, music, and delivery is top notch.  I've never been a big fan of this genre of game, but when I first saw it it captivated me.Since your player is in constant pursuit of saving someone (no spoilers) you feel slightly rushed.   I really would've liked to take more time exploring the lore of the world created.This game offers a similar experience to that of Hotline Miami.  Mesmerizing artwork and a killer soundtrack, you can die quickly and you can reload your point just as fast for another attempt.  When you fail you hear ""HER"" voice ""Get up...and try again.""  ""Save him, Puppy""By itself, for gameplay Ruiner is an average game.  It's the artists and musicians that really push Ruiner beyond it's limits.  Seriously the game could've been a ♥♥♥♥ing clicker but if it had that art work and that music it would've been a hit.  Thankfully it's not a clicker.Buy this game... Puppy."
76561198039155707,Recommended,464060,35498614,Posted: 5 October,all,smeller,really fun fast paced
76561198096123135,Recommended,464060,35485344,Posted: 4 October,all,Patryk,"The ProsReally cool art style and setting.The characters are unique and have interesting stories.Really good and I mean really good soundtrack.Challenging and fun gameplay.Gameplay is good and controls are easy to remember and master.The protagonist is a badassDifferent bosses that give a pretty good challenge.The abilities are straightforward and a blast to use.A wide variety of melee weapons and guns.Very good story.20 dollars is a really good price for a game this good.The ConsSame environment and similar enemies throughout the game.Can become a bit repetitive.Can become frustrating/difficult at times.When you die you need to fight off the waves of enemies again.Overall I recommend this game it's really fun and the price is good. The game took me around 8-9 hours to finish so it's not that long, this could be seen as a good or bad thing. The game does have some replayable value since the combat is fun and can be pretty relaxing to play. If you have the money BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198073558344,Recommended,464060,35489488,Posted: 5 October,all,Bean Rookie,I don't normally do reviews but this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Once you get into the flow of the gameplay it is very satisfying to play. I have already reccomended it to all of my friends. Although it is not a very long game which does take a little bit away from it.
,Recommended,464060,35501573,Posted: 5 October,all,Vacuum,"Awesome game, great atmosphere and mechanics. Well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,464060,35483245,Posted: 4 October,all,Anvil,"For few moments,I wanted to give it up.Cuz it was sooooo hard like they are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with U.But after that I find the right way to play,and I'm like a crazy badass guy can kill all of them.awesome show.Buy it."
,Recommended,464060,35507472,Posted: 5 October,all,lukaself,Thank you puppy !But our princess is inanother castle !
76561198006566268,Recommended,464060,35237486,Posted: 27 September,all,Cryptyx,It's badass. Love the design and the music and the high difficulty level.
76561197984386366,Recommended,464060,35257448,Posted: 28 September,all,Acidsamurai,"This game is perfect if you love the Hotline Miami vibe but you want a cyberpunk fix visually and storywise. It starts off really hard since you only have a few skill options but by the end of the game you pickup how its meant to be played/get your own style of play and become almost god like. God like doesn't mean easy though, everytime you think you've gotten good and start destroying enemies the game finds new ways to throw you under a bus making you rethink your options."
,Recommended,464060,35332136,Posted: 30 September,all,Fire Call,"Brilliant isometric shoot/beat-em up reminiscent of Hotline Miami. The combat is brutal, fast-paced & challenging, the cyberpunk style and visuals are amazing, the synthwave-centric soundtrack is excellent, and it's all topped off with a nice self-aware irony and dark tone. I'd love to see this game fleshed out with expansions/more games."
,Recommended,464060,35234751,Posted: 26 September,all,SCOTTISH™,"Let's talk about Challenge. This game brings it.PC SpecsSpecsi7 7700kGTX 107016B RAMGameplay*  From a Top down view you play through a semi-horde based arena game with special powers and abilities to save your brother. The game has style and is a stick shooter like game. I had the misfortune of playing with keyboard and mouse and well, my hands hurt. I personally would recommend a controller if your hands start to hurt after about an hour of play.*  You start off being told to ""Kill the Boss"" and slowly unlock powers (A dash ability, Chain Dash Ability and a shield) - a nice way to learn the mechanics of the game. By the time you get past level one you have learnt about a few different guns and will have had a chance to use your powers in combination.*  You soon learn about Karma (experience) and can unlock new abilities with it which is rather fun and useful - things like the stun grenade work great on the explosive enemies. Different types of melee weapons can be used however the lead pipe is fun.*  At the end of each level is a Boss battle - These are tough as nails. I died 20 times to the first boss in the game - this is where I found out that machine guns are trash and shotguns are great but the lead pipe is better when combines with a single position chain dash behind an enemy attacking as you pass them (can be buffed later to do increased damage)*  All story elements (cutscenes and tutorials) are in text boxes with no Voice Over - this is my only real gripe as enemies can clearly be heard shouting profanity at the player. Another small gripe is the girl who helps you - "" 'DO YOUR BEST ^(*v-)^ ' "" - Japanese ASCII emoji in her text boxes - it is somewhat cringe but I feel it goes with the game and the setting so it is not out of place.*  Upon getting killstreaks at the top right a box will come up with a picture and your streak as well as the girl (or guy depending on the level you are on) shouting what you have - thinks like ""Headhunter"" or stuff. At the end of the fight stage you are on a you will be graded on your performance using the Japanese grade system found in games [S Rank > A Rank] (I got a lowest of E and a highest of S+)Gameplay Roundup*  Overall I feel the gameplay is quite tight and with deeper delving into the skills tree I feel you could easily make great combos for taking out bosses as they are quite hard. The camera angle is not my favourite camera angle but it works. The controls are also not my favourite type but again - for a game like this the way things are - are the best suited.Performance*  On my settings (Shown above) whilst streaming on the default auto detected settings I ran constantly over 100FPS with vsync off. No major issues, glitches or bugs that I could see. Not much to say about this in this sections.Story*  This games story from what I have gathered is fairly simple (but could get more complex (Have not finished this game it is so difficult)). You have been hacked by a hacker and are tasked with Breaking into HEAVEN to Kill THE BOSS but just before you do you are hacked once more by a girl and told that the hacker is working for someone and that they have your brother as ransom - as such you and the girl work together to get your brother back from HEAVEN.OverallPerformance 10/10Gameplay 8/10Story 6/10noteI have not included a lengthy story section as it is very hard to word it without spoiling a fair bit as the story is very one note & cliche"
,Recommended,464060,35283055,Posted: 28 September,all,60TT4 63T 4 6R1P,"Never would've thought that being called 'puppy' would turn me on this much.lol.Short version:--------------------------------------Good Puppy!:+Challenging, even on normal difficulty. Mobs can kill you pretty easily if you aren't quick to move or block their attacks.+Very fast combat, Hotline Miami-ish but restricted to 'wave-defense' in a single moderately big room.+You don't need a controller to play it. I only used keyboard+mouse and it went excellent.+A good variety of ranged weapons, from pistols to shotguns to miniguns to railcannons.+You're nicknamed ""puppy"" :)+It's actually really entertaining when you learn the controls and dash'n'slash.+About 15 skills to level up as you progress.+You can level up and level down each skill with no repercussions.----------Neutral Puppy:Soundtrack could see some improvement in my opinion.Ending might leave you confused about a few things, doesn't really explain very well what is what and why. Might be on purpose, though.Level design could've done better.Normal late-game enemies should be a bit more harder in my opinion, to still present a challenge to the player. Played it on normal, so maybe this point isn't really valid.----------Bad Puppy!:-Flashbang skill affects bosses. Who thought this'd be a good idea? I know you can just not level it, but still :P-Some guns don't seem to deal as much damage as you'd expect them to, or some others seem sort of useless (or very situational. If you've played the last level you probably know which one I'm talking about!)-Melee attacks are very powerful in contrast to ranged weapons. Since you can close the distance on an enemy in pretty much an instant, it's way better to go melee than ranged. You'll probably kill them faster and not take that much damage.-Not long by any means. Finished it on normal difficulty under 8 hours.--------------------------------------Long version:Aight. Finished the game a few hours ago; it's pretty good to be honest.It's challenging, even on -normal- difficulty (I'll try Hard difficulty later on) you'll die quite some even to the non-bosses, there's about 2-3 skills for each ability hotkey (I think Right click, Q, and shift) and about 4-5 'passives' or 'actives' abilities that give you another hotkey to use.You can spend AND remove points with no backlash to your decisions, so that's really nice. Storyline seems pretty good- not perfect, but still good. I do feel like the ending could've used a bit of an improvement, as well as the soundtrack?Don't get me wrong, soundtrack wasn't bad at all, but in a game where you're slashing, dashing, and slashing and dashing, and dashing and slashing- well, you might want something that doesn't seem very ambient-ish and more active, at least in my opinion.Now- bosses... nothing special, other than them having massive HP and maybe a bit more damage/combos and whatnot. Maybe this could've been polished a bit more, but hey, it wasn't bad either!Btw. You can flashbang bosses. This leaves them stunned for about 2 seconds or 3 in which you can constantly slash at them, lol. Why. It sorta drains your energy though, but you can upgrade that skill so it drains 50% less. So pretty much, with only that upgraded skill and max energy before initiating boss battle, yep, you can cheese 90% of the bosses. (Except three or four.)Ranged weapons don't seem all that great compared to melee, except for a few ones which are amazing to use (yes, I'm looking straight at you, Lancer, Sonic Gun and Raijin! I'd have a foursome with you three anyday.)"
,Recommended,464060,35243126,Posted: 27 September,all,That one stingray,"Think, cyberpunk hotline miami, with the ""puzzle"" knob turned down, and the ""relentless"" knob turned up. Being a tiny bit more forgiving in the moment, plus longer encounters means you end up with less of hotline miamis surgical memorisation, and a lot more of RUINERs making-it-up-as-you-go murder whirlwind. And ""Murder whirlwind"" is probably the best way to describe what you feel like once you get the hang of this game.I'm only five hours in but I played that all in one sitting and have been having a blast."
,Recommended,464060,35397618,Posted: 1 October,all,Sierra Bravo,"absolutely amazing universe with a dope art style, not to mention insanely fun, cool and difficult gameplay! a must own"
,Recommended,464060,35232303,Posted: 26 September,all,Shock,Ruiner has that gripping cyberpunk storyline that'll leave you actually watching cutscenes and a combat system that is both challenging and rewarding. This game reeks of Hotline Miami and I absolutely love it. You won't be disappointed.
76561198115257611,Recommended,464060,35227406,Posted: 26 September,all,"Operating, Operationally.","I never really liked Twin stick shooters but I love everything Cyberpunk. Books, Games, Movies, Cartoons, all of it and this is some good♥♥♥♥♥♥I thought this is one of those games that are just riding the revival of the genre but the Cyberpunk spirit is in here and the soundtrack is pretty sweet.10/10"
,Recommended,464060,35253532,Posted: 27 September,all,Type A,"Saw trailers for it. The setting and tone of the game drew me in from right off the bat. While I loved playing it, I noticed some typos in dialogue and some minor graphical glitches, though nothing that severely detrimented my gameplay experience. A note: dying in this game is pretty much expected. You will die and, and it will probably happen often. The game minimizes any need for ""backtracking"" when this occurs, and you start at the beginning of the fight where you died. I'm far from the most patient person, but the fact that I managed to get through this game without rage-quitting says a lot about the care in its design, in my opinion.+Challenging and rewarding gameplay.+Amazing soundtrack. Mostly.+Very fun art style.+An immersive and interesting world. I was thirsty for all the info on Rengkok City as I could get.+Incredible atmosphere. A real love letter to the Cyberpunk genre.+Very reasonably priced at 20$. If you love immersion and want to wring every bit of enjoyment out of the game, a full playthrough can take up to 9 hours if you don't replay sections.+Runs extremely well on my mid-low end 6 year old desktop, with no frame drops or visual stuttering (mileage may vary).+When you get used to the game, you'll feel really badass.~Mindscrewy Gainax-style ending (though this is arguably fitting given the genre).~I feel like the setting and gameplay have a lot more potential than this game seems to have time/budget to explore.~Replay value is centered on achievements and personal enjoyment of the gameplay - there seem to be no real major mechanics designed to encourage repeat playthroughs.~Will be supported later with (presumably) paid DLC.-Unintuitive default control scheme on M+KB. This is the main source of difficulty early on, which is unfortunate. A few hours of practice will get you into it... if you're not left-handed.-Building on the above: there are no keybinding/button-mapping options (Devs have said this is coming soon, for what it's worth).-Limited gameplay tweaks (It'd be nice if you could disable the slow-motion effect on kills. I don't mind it, but others do.)-Mediocre weapon balance. Winning strategies, generally speaking, are melee-focused in my experience (with very few exceptions).-Occasionally repetitive tunes.-Short. If you speed through the game you could beat it in only a few hours, especially true on easy mode.All and all, I believe Ruiner marvelously achieves its goals of being a fun-to-play cyberpunk action game. It's very reasonably priced and Reikon (the devs) have said they intend to support this game with patches and DLC in the future. Ultimately, Ruiner is a neat game with a tricky learning curve and a lot of love poured into it."
76561197976865295,Recommended,464060,35260950,Posted: 28 September,all,Progenitorei,Very hard game even on easy but you manage to find enjoyment even after repeated pummeling somehow this game makes you a sadist u die and keep comming back for more well done.VERY fun game
,Recommended,464060,35252003,Posted: 27 September,all,sourcecode95,KILL THE BOSS!This game succeeds at everything a cyber punk game should be. Beware! It is quite difficult.
76561197970466934,Recommended,464060,35254285,Posted: 27 September,all,Connatic,"Hotline Miami + Cyperpunk + Suda 51 =  RuinerIt really is. I has Hotline Miami's quick twin-stick shooter action with a very short time to kill, with fast paced tactics. Perhaps a little less feeling of a puzzle to the levels compared to Hotline, but more of an Adventure how you traverse the levels and explore. You'll die often but quickly press R to restart to go back to a very recent checkpoint. The story is very mysterious and dream like and plays out great with a great soundtrack to boot.It's a punishing game as a bit of a learning curve. The time to kill is a tiny bit slower compared to Hotline, as you have a health bar, but it drops very fast. It could get frustrating at first, as it feels a little harder to avoid damage, until you realise how to use your abilities to the fullest. Which is one more thing that sets it apart from Hotline, a skill tree with abilities you can use. You can only equiped so many at a time, but you can swap them out as much as you want and you will need to. Certain areas in the game will need certain abilities to progress, but not always manditory if you are skilled enough."
,Recommended,464060,35232005,Posted: 26 September,all,MorrisTheCat,"Ruiner is brutal, beautiful, and challenging. You will die...alot. But you learn from your mistakes and advance through the game. I am still working my way through it but am thoroughly enjoying it!Visually, the game is a gem. The Cyberpunk theme and futuristic Sci-Fi vibe are great, and the soundtrack is pretty dope. There are side characters in town that you can interact with and collectibles along the way. The weapons are fun and there are many different kinds. (I personally love the melee weapons) You get a ton of different tree based skills to help you in your progression from stun grenades, to adding more dashes, to a stationary shield.A few things to note...In regards to the controls, it does take some getting used to. Many people are complaining about the keyboard and mouse set up, but it just seems they have never touched a twin stick game. Have a controller handy just in case those controls are more your speed.I have encountered a glitch with a boss getting stuck on the entrance to a room and just not moving.Last thing, this game, as stated before, is HARD. If a challenge is not in your book and you want a pass to everything, this game might not be for you.Have fun little puppies ^_^"
76561198034101726,Recommended,464060,35226177,Posted: 26 September,all,Deckz,"Great combat, great soundtrack, awesome artsyle, good story if you're into your bladerunner, neo-tokyo cyberpunk action then this will be a hit for you."
,Recommended,464060,35413547,Posted: 2 October,all,Wog Boy,"If you liked Hotline MIami, this is definitely for you. Slightly more atmospheric in tone, and with a more in-depth combat/ability system which allows for various approaches to the harsh difficulty of the game. Also the soundtrack goes hard."
,Recommended,464060,35255954,Posted: 27 September,all,c.c,"this is s i c cdont play if u get seziures, thanks"
,Recommended,464060,35316150,Posted: 29 September,all,Mister Artorias,"Pros+ Right off the bat, the visual aesthetic is fantastic. The artstyle oozes with cyberpunk influence. If you're a fan of this kind of genre, then I'd recommend checking this game out for the visuals alone.+ The soundtrack is awesome. It really fits the chaotic undertone of the game.~ Gameplay is extremely fast paced and visceral, but can get repetitive after a while.Cons- Keyboard movement controls are very strange. Your character moves based on the perspective of the environment itself, meaning that pressing W doesn't go directly up, but goes to the top-right instead. There is supposedly going to be a patch for this soon, but in the mean time, controllers have the more convenient movement controls according to my own experience.- Lack of voice acting. This really takes away a lot of the immersion I have during dialogue scenes.- Some of the major boss fights are lacking IMO. Dodging a giant moving beam gets repetitive after a while. Not to mention you'll be having multiple encounters with the same few bosses throughout the game with little to no variation.---------Overall, I enjoyed my time with Ruiner. I absolutely adore the aesthetic of the game, and that's the main reason why I'll be giving this game a thumbs up. Chances are, you might enjoy the gameplay aspect a lot more than I do, but I think it could've been better."
,Recommended,464060,35253497,Posted: 27 September,all,☭BetelgeuseBear☭,"Ruiner is a good game, until you get the ability tostun enemies by ramming into them with your shield outwhich then makes the game a cake walk (if you want to call a cake walk dying a tiny bit less on hard)You should only play the game if you loved the Hotline Miami series as much as I did, and even then, it's a bit hard to tell if you should really buy it.Either way, the soundtrack is absolutely amazing"
76561197979225443,Recommended,464060,35255576,Posted: 27 September,all,rice-cooker,Excellent UI Design
,Recommended,464060,35388798,Posted: 1 October,all,TommyDagger,buy this game puppyedit: make sure you play on hard mode (or I hear it can feel repetitive)
,Recommended,464060,35394944,Posted: 1 October,all,potatohater,Heavy Crusader: No Remorse vibes indeed
76561197993039610,Recommended,464060,35324173,Posted: 29 September,all,Kacke™,"Arcade as ♥♥♥♥, Tough as Nails. If you like playing games, instead of  pressing e to show  respect, get it.GET UP, PUPPY!"
,Recommended,464060,35413264,Posted: 2 October,all,asire,love
,Recommended,464060,35306838,Posted: 29 September,all,wolfwood2130,"Ruiner is a fantastic game that has to be played to fully appreciate. As a huge fan of top down twin stick shooters there were two games that I was looking forward to this year. One was Ruiner and the other Redeemer. I have now had a chance to play both, and I must say that Ruiner is the clear victor for me. Ruiners sense of style, fluidity, substance and overall combat are darn near perfect. I love the Hub world (all though small), the upgrade system, the side bounties, and the boss encounters. The only nitpicks I can muster are the traps (one hit kills and a bit tough to spot at times) and the somewhat buggy AI (gets stuck on the enviornment.) Even these things are really grasping at straws though. If Devolver would just add some kind of leaderboard or ranking system then I could see myself playing this game for years to come. If you would like to see how this game and Redeemer faired when stacked up against each other I have provided a link to my review of both and comparisons. Have a great day puppies ;)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZiqasWepJg"
,Recommended,464060,35313857,Posted: 29 September,all,Kyir,"There's some unexpected difficulty spikes in part of the game, but I don't think they're unpleasant enough to outweigh that absolutely stellar atmosphere this game has going on. Even the easy mode is going to be hard for some people, but it's worth sticking with it."
76561197991484333,Recommended,464060,35286974,Posted: 29 September,all,Friendly Dad,daft punk goes postal
,Recommended,464060,35248058,Posted: 27 September,all,Trycon,Hotline Miami + Akria/Ghost in the Shell = RUINER9/10
,Recommended,464060,35285510,Posted: 29 September,all,iWaNN,"Very original and unusual game in its genre. Recommended for each, who searching for some interesting cyberpunk atmosphere, juicy action gameplay and good art design in simple top-down slasher/shooter.Well done Reikon Games! Thanks to Devolver Digital for very good price on this awesome game!P.S. RUINER is the first game where i bought OST :)"
,Recommended,464060,35229675,Posted: 26 September,all,Longrat,"A very challenging, slick action game with a THICK cyberpunk aesthetic, great music, cool narrative and tight controls.Warm recommendation!P.S. use your keyboard and mouse for this one!"
76561198351132096,Recommended,464060,35234044,Posted: 26 September,all,DCGaming1o1,"Phenominal game, its worth the $20 price tag."
76561198002155967,Recommended,464060,35238605,Posted: 27 September,all,Amalgamr,"While some degree of control over the movement settings would be appreciable, this is nonetheless a great game with responsive controls, incredible atmosphere and music and brutal action.I do have to add that you get the hang of the controls after the first two levels.While it may sound stupid to say it like this : If you liked Hotline Miami and like the Cyberpunk genra, there is a good chance that this is the game for you."
,Recommended,464060,35249799,Posted: 27 September,all,A Wiggly Man,ten-out-of-ten/10
,Recommended,464060,35238690,Posted: 27 September,all,LazyJack,"A fantastic world and beautiful art-style combined with a brutally satisfying combat system holds this game highly recommended on my part. Its rare that I ever feel wanting for side quests and exploration with a game such as Ruiner, yet I find myself wandering the neon lit streets of Rengkok hacking cats for a lady I found sitting on bridgePros: Stunning worldPerfect soundtrackSatisying combat systemCons: Few early launch bugs (I imagine this will be patched real soon)A secret achivement that had me holding down the same key for 20 minutes but hey thats on me :DEDIT: I noticed alot of people talking about the difficutly of the game. I just wanted to mention that before purchasing I was well aware that this game was not going to be easy, I started on hard and beat around about 3 bosses. You just have to learn and learn quick, its not too difficult and I found the likes of hotline miami alot harder to get good at. Personally I got used too certain skills and made my own approach towards combat, for example I was awful with the throwning items so 0 points with that and all in my dash and deployable sheild. Enjoy!"
,Recommended,464060,35284152,Posted: 28 September,all,Trip,"Really good game, it's a bit short but the devs said they will add more stuff later on.I'm currently speedrunning the game and its a lot of fun"
,Recommended,464060,35260058,Posted: 28 September,all,Ser Harold the Great Crusader,"Basically Mr. Shifty's cooler, harder and more violent brother. I didn't like Mr. Shifty because of how repetitive it was. This isn't that and it's a lot better. $20 is pretty high however."
76561198058476593,Recommended,464060,35286149,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr. Gross,"Impressive, beautiful and fun levels. Love the ghost in the shell design. Controls are awesome and so are the powerups."
76561198002982924,Recommended,464060,35259017,Posted: 28 September,all,Tango Down,"EDIT:  Upon completionThe type of game that makes a 10 second fight feel like 10 minute with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥that going on at once.Too all the people who complain about story / repetitive level design I think I can say that this game is probably not for you, but for a Hotline Miami fan who knows what to expect from this type of games, then this is for you.Good art direction, good OST, story was ok but the meat of this games is the gameplay.I think the mechanics are solid but could use a bit more polish on some aspects.Its great that you can respec your character depending on the situation.My only issues are:-The gun play felt a bit weightless , I do believe that Hotline Miami did it better or was accurate.-Bosses need more variations in patterns. I think with the expection of 2 boss fights, everyone was the same. And this becomes a problem in the later levels of the game as you unlock all the skills and can do any boss using only 2 moves. That felt kinda cheap and broke the immersion, so I think some rebalancing or different Ruiner skill setups could have been revised by QA to keep the tension of the game going.Do Recommend it, and waiting for a Ruiner 2."
,Recommended,464060,35314206,Posted: 29 September,all,belousoff,I've only just started this game. Its got a great atmosphere and is very challenging. Learning the play style is rewarding. A great game! I Recommend!
,Recommended,464060,35258295,Posted: 28 September,all,@willoneill,"This game is madly coherent. Everything is a slave to the relentless tempo and brutal style of it - even the way it hangs together is chaotically seamless. The music kicks crazy♥♥♥♥♥ the narrative is like something caught on fire - errors, shortcomings and all - and if you want my advice? Play on easy. Let yourself be the overwhelming killer you were meant to be.Everything about Ruiner that isn't perfect: So what? So what? So what?"
,Recommended,464060,35244411,Posted: 27 September,all,castro,"This game is the REAL life and death simulator. If you like both Hotline Miami like I do (my favorite game), you will certainly like this game. The atmosphere is fantastic, the soundtrack is awesome, the controls are very responsive.It is hard, not gonna lie."
,Recommended,464060,35241756,Posted: 27 September,all,KILL YOU KILL YOU KILL YOU,RUINER is a ♥♥♥♥ing bombastic game
,Recommended,464060,35234539,Posted: 26 September,all,Buckeye Burl,"If you like Cyberpunk, difficult twin stick shooters, and hitting people with pipes this is probably your game.  Absolutely worth the $20."
76561198026946492,Not Recommended,464060,35298423,Posted: 29 September,all,sidewinder,"The game is fun, and very hard, even on normal level.  I played it with mouse and keyboard, which was ok but not great.  The gameplay is fast paced and requires a lot of multi-tasking to zip around and attack the hordes of bad guys.  The reason for the thumb down on this game, is that it is just too short, I don't feel I got vaule for the outlay.  I got just over 5 hours out of it, which doesn't justify the current price tag.  I would wait till its $10 or less."
76561198187264859,Recommended,464060,35238484,Posted: 27 September,all,IdiAmin,Fight.Die.Repeat.45 deaths on Cpt. BogdanNever had more fun with boss fightsAm I gonna die a 46th time? Hell yeahDark Souls goes Cyberpunk
,Recommended,464060,35253484,Posted: 27 September,all,initial KOOL イロニク,"I just finished it on hard.I died like 500 times.10/10, would dash again."
76561198115372735,Recommended,464060,35273410,Posted: 28 September,all,jumpvolt,"If you like cyberpunk with anime influences this is a must buy. The aesthetics and music are top notch and the gameplay mixes elements from Hotline Miami, Furi and Hyper Light Drifter into a frantic, blood pumping craze. My only criticism is the harsh difficulty spike on some of the bosses (on Normal), which doesn't really flow well with the rest of the game and frustrated me quite a bit."
76561198014527555,Recommended,464060,35283395,Posted: 28 September,all,The Madness,"*Insert rote Hotline Miami/Dark Souls comparison here*The game is solid. Aesthetic is top-tier, OST is ace (whoever decided to license Susumu Hirasawa for the hub deserves a raise), gameplay is frenetic and at times a total cluster♥♥♥♥(for better or for worse). The flexible skill system is a godsend for when you're beating your head against that boss-shaped wall.Clocked in at about 7 hours for a Normal run, but if you like getting that S+ rank there's some replayability to be had. You could do worse for 20 bucks."
76561197978332687,Recommended,464060,35286925,Posted: 29 September,all,tempus fugit,"Great soundtrack to get you pumped. The combat is unforgiving at times, but it makes a nice challange, artwork is great. Great enviroments, some really good bosses. Story is one of the biggest shortcomings, rather dull and pushed its more like we needed to add it for context rather than anything worth talking about. Its a great and a good game to try."
,Recommended,464060,35291059,Posted: 29 September,all,Nosbox,"Intense, fast-paced, unforgiving gameplay combined with a beautiful cyberpunk atmosphere all underpinned by anincredbilesoundtrack. If any of these intrest you, RUINER will almost certainly be worth the purchase.Points that I have found worth mentioning during my time with the game:With controls that are snappy and quick to respond, it never feels like the game is at fault if you die.Huge selection of weapons to use, from industrial slegehammers and pipes that set enemies on fire all the way to weaponised high-intensity laser rifles and the classic minigun.Sounds for weapons, melee hits, skills and environments are fantastic.Over the course of the game, you aquire upgrade points which you can assign to a wide variety of skills, as well as furthering the abilites of each skill. However, these upgrades are not permanently locked in once used, and can be re-assigned at any time which is handy.Bosses pose a very real threat and challenge. While they may seem extremely difficult on your first encounter with each one, they usually follow a certain pattern of attacks. Once you get used to each pattern, it can be exploited with use of your skills and upgrades. Don't be fooled though, even if you do find the pattern/rhythm, the difficulty of the boss battle does not go down by much. You will still need to be on point with your attacks and dodges. But once you finally defeat a boss, it is very satisfying.While there are a few cutscenes, most of the game's story is told via text-based interactions with characters. Usually you will be able to respond to characters with one of two replies, but these do not seem to heavily affect the main path of the story (e.g. Witcher-style). Anyone looking for an in-depth story may be disappointed.I found the story to be engaging and enjoyed the variety of characters and their designs, especially the design of the character you play as. The whole head-video-mask-vibe thing going on is really cool, and the videos/text that are displayed on the mask to show emotions/mood/intentions during gameplay and interactions are a nice touch which adds to the cyberpunk atmosphere.Overall, a solid 9/10."
76561198156191624,Recommended,464060,35233024,Posted: 26 September,all,SNOWCRASH,2 hours in it feels like some kind of dope arcade game. I feel it was worth the wait and worth the purchase on my early first impressions. The style of this game is pretty much made for me as a diehard fan of the Akira film and Manga and the cyberpunk aesthetic. If you happen to be a fan of any of these things and are feeling starved by the lack of similar content I think you will be happy.
,Recommended,464060,35233764,Posted: 26 September,all,UberJuice,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.Great atmosphere, extremely satysfying gameplay, fluid and unforgiving combat, lots of usefull♥♥♥♥♥♥like weapons and switchable skills - they define your way of killing hordes of enemies or bosses; dialogues while being brief - are on point. The girl that guides you is <3, it's hard to imagine a better companion for cyberpunk.Game played on HARD is HARD, although I wouldn't tell that the first half of the game is as hard as many say, it was quite easy for me after hours of playing other twin sticks, but the second part of the game is where things are becoming really hardcore and fun. Fights are super challenging, but doable and fair, it's not all cheese as in some other hardcore games.All in all this is hell of a good rare gem that is NOT FOR EVERYONE, even if you love cyberpunk I wouldn't recommend you this game if you give up after few tries and don't like the challenge crazy concentrated game sessions (well, you still could play on easy and enjoy the glorious visuals and atmosphere of the game).But If you like hardcore twinstick shooters - you will LOVE this one and I cannot recommend this game enough.If you don't like - don't bother.♥♥♥♥♥♥happens, puppy.PS. You probably want to play this one on a gamepad."
76561198041768246,Recommended,464060,35233821,Posted: 26 September,all,Bloodcam,"KILL BOSS.RUINER is a very, very fast paced top-down shooter with a cyberpunk aesthetic to it. It has a ton of weapons, skills, abilities and is VERY difficult. This game has a lot going for it, and it has surpassed my expectations by a longshot.The music for the game is actually not that bad to listen to while mowing through dozens of enemies, and the bosses are pretty ♥♥♥♥in' awesome to fight.Something that bothered me was the lack of voice acting through the dialogue. I know that's a plus for some people, and I get why it is, but it just kinda bothers me. Cutscenes can seem very awkward since there's little to no voice acting in them, and they don't actually speak when they're supposed to, it just shows subtitles.Despite just that very small nitpick,Highly, HIGHLY recommended."
76561198016743607,Recommended,464060,35234548,Posted: 26 September,all,anbrewk,"Just started it but love it. The hard difficulty makes the twitchy fast paced action very satisfying when you succeed. Very streamlined replay option: die, press R, try again, wash repeat. It feels like a game that was made with the player in mind: what is fun, what will annoy my player, how to we maximize fun and streamline gameplay. Lovin it."
,Recommended,464060,35250777,Posted: 27 September,all,緑-Greelune󠀡󠀡󠀡,"Fast paced, fun and violent, this is by far the best Cyberpunk game I've played. If you have even the minimal interest in this kind of Sci-Fi theme, you will not regret buying this game.Pros:Combat is extremely fun.Difficulty is on point, even on normal it's challenging, just like it's supposed to be.Story is OK.Very atmospheric, and fits the theme perfectly.Dialog is very well made and interesting.Music is awesome.Cons:I've found some bugs, patches can clear them up though.The game can sometimes be TOO linear.I could give this game a 10/10, but nothing's perfect and there's always room for improvement.Final score: 9/10"
76561198016711007,Recommended,464060,35260847,Posted: 28 September,all,雪,"Dark Cyberpunk to the core. The graphics are really out there and it's really well optimized.Gameplay is hard and requires practice, therefore fun.Story is a bit flat(just a bit tho) but the dark side of it really shines. You can see the bad things you do even tho you're supposed to be good and getting revenge? So even tho it's a casual story, the details suck you into it. You can live the dilemma inside.Open world is done as best as it can imo. The side quests are intresting and makes you feel like you're a part of the world.Overall i'd say this game deserves 9/10."
76561198053816610,Recommended,464060,35449569,Posted: 3 October,all,MehMan,"Awesome game.After playing it I got in to cyberpunk even more that I was.Gameplay give you rush of emotions and make you sweat.Of course you can not forget about sountrack,witch is amazing.10/10"
76561198104162892,Recommended,464060,35340962,Posted: 30 September,all,jehuty,"This Game is absolutly awesome, i play it with controller Xbox On A PC.Its Art and Music is so ultra beautiful i love it!When i Play it i remember my favorite Mangas and Animes like, Ghost in The Shell, BLAME!, Akira and many more...Thank you for this Game!I was like it must me a Japanese Game but its actually a genious Crew from Poland!SO WELL DONE GUYS!!!"
,Recommended,464060,35319234,Posted: 29 September,all,Keksimus Maximus,Really challenging but really fun combat wish there was a new game plus though but i highly recommend it if you like fast paced shooters
76561198309044409,Recommended,464060,35413094,Posted: 2 October,all,The rouge bishop,"Cyberpunk styles hotline Miami, great soundtracks, frustrating campaign, great visual and great character design10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,464060,35405343,Posted: 1 October,all,AfroDynomite,cool and good
,Recommended,464060,35225705,Posted: 26 September,all,artificial death in the west,"Stylish, bold, explosive and challenging, RUINER sets the bar for both cyberpunk worldbuilding and top-down shooter gameplay extremely high."
76561198011786867,Recommended,464060,35272547,Posted: 28 September,all,Q.,"RUINERI would recommend this game, it might be a bit hard to get into first, but after a little while you quickly get the hang of it, but it will still kick your♥♥♥♥♥at points. I went into this game with no expectations whatsoever, the only thing i really knew is that it was a twin stick shooter and had a cyberpunk setting. Thankfully it proved a very enjoyable experience even if it falls a bit short some places.The cyberpunk setting is oozing out of every crack and it is wonderful, it captures that feel like very few other games do, the atmosphere is thick and the soundtrack is incredibly enjoyable. It nails it down incredibly well aesthetically, like I said, it oozes cyberpunk. Each level has its own theme and style to it and getting back to Rengkok South always feels nice.Gameplay wise it can be a bit cluncky. At times it feels like hits dont register or that you lose health for no reason because the depth can be a little confusing at times and hitting enemies three to four times can be a bit strange at first, especially if you come right from Hotline Miami. Guns dont have a super impactful feel, unless you have something that has incindiary shots, generally it's best to go melee, guns are your back up.Bosses all have their unique flavour and fit the area they're placed in, most often its a healthy mix between ranged and melee bosses each with their own weakness, some more obvious than others. The first boss you meet for example can easily be defeated if you go up close with melee, the second boss is easier if you go ranged. Not all bosses feel good to fight though, some can be quite annoying or just boring to fight in length because of the extended health bar.Sadly the Hubworld Rengkok South and its characters are also underused. The games hubworld shines and is very intriguing on the surface, but when you delve down into it you discover that there is not a lot too it, the characters that inhabit this place could be used more and have some more interactions. It's especially sad since you only really visit this area twice, it would seem that the developers planned to have more stuff thrown in here, but maybe had to cut it due to time constraints. Rengkok South could atleast have been used better.overall it could need some polish here and there, but it's a good game and can scratch your cyberpunk itch. Although do not go in expecting a Hotline Miami clone even though it takes inspiration from it."
76561197989004673,Recommended,464060,35477032,Posted: 4 October,all,See4,Better than cuphead.
76561197970371516,Recommended,464060,35224051,Posted: 26 September,all,Mavor,"Flashy, kinetic cyberpunk action. Dripping with atmosphere. We need more good cyberpunk like this.I will say the fast, twitchy action combat isnt something thats going to appeal to everyone - in my older age my reflexes arent what they once were, hehe, but its still pretty damn awesome =)"
76561197993704570,Recommended,464060,35231800,Posted: 26 September,all,Cybergirl,it'sLike if katsuhiro otomo made hotline miami
76561197993526068,Recommended,464060,35231188,Posted: 26 September,all,otaku slayer,yes
76561198073448048,Not Recommended,464060,35331707,Posted: 30 September,all,Sargrak,"Contorls are not remappable, do not buy it if you wany to use a non-qwerty keyboard. Couldn't actually play."
76561197970319637,Not Recommended,464060,35230578,Posted: 26 September,all,Morlok,"Controls on PC dont work with KB/M, menus give a random flickering and cant move around them. Cant recomend in this state."
76561198061570988,Not Recommended,464060,35253646,Posted: 27 September,all,Shade,"The idea is niceThe setting is cool (i love cyberpunk)even the gore is not too heavy or too light , its just rightbutThe level design is not greatThe way you aim / control your character is a little clunky the mouse control is not greatThe checkpoint save system means you are going to have to repeat a lot of segments over and over (and over) again because you are going to die a lotThe advice you get when you die (which will be a lot) is usually not relevant to the location / level / situation you are inoverall i have to say i like parts of the game but i feel like im suffering more than i should be from a gamethis should be fun not infuriating (its both but a little more infuriating than it should)if you like suffering , dying a lot and fighting the same enemies in the same exact location over and over againthis game is for youfor me , the short amount of time i played was enoughEDIT:Well i gave it a shoot and played a little longer because apperantly some people believe that if you are annoyed by a game after a short time playing it (over and over and over) you are not entitled to write a review about itEverything i said standsAnother noteWhen you die in a specific segmenteach time you die and reload , the enemies appear in the exact same order on almost the exact same locations at the exact same time each timereminds me of really old arcade games"
76561198053877292,Not Recommended,464060,35278133,Posted: 28 September,all,BanditCorp,Game becomes repetitive at every step very fast.
76561198312149684,Recommended,464060,35235654,Posted: 26 September,all,BigEffinZed,"In a world where mainstream games constantly hold your hand and difficulty so easy a handicapped person can beat itthis game tries is not that gameDON'T buy this game if:you turn on aim assist because you can't shootenjoys QTE to play the game FOR youenjoys walking simulators and the only control you need to worry about is forward and backwardbut DO buy the game if:you enjoy a challengeyou like to puts your skills to the testhalf of reviews are spoiled cry babies complaining about the controls, or how the game is too ""HARD"".No, it's not HARD, you just have to push more than three buttons to win.controls are fine, I use kb+m, on hard difficultyGit Gud."
,Recommended,464060,35226248,Posted: 26 September,all,RudePug,"Crazy as hell, never stops moving, can be a little frustrating from time to time but overall it's a blast."
,Not Recommended,464060,35291134,Posted: 29 September,all,Kelgorr,"Boring map layouts with repetitive go here fight a horde, go here fight a horde, etc combat. The atmosphere of the game was good I guess?"
,Recommended,464060,35276719,Posted: 28 September,all,Vic,Grittingly hard unforgiving combat proves for some sweet victory when you actually do manage to win a battle sequence. I played the game on the hardest difficulty and despite the frusteration it genuinely made me want to get better and expore the cyberpunk word that is RUINER. I would recommend it to people who like a challenge with some great visuals and soundtracks.
,Recommended,464060,35280289,Posted: 28 September,all,Ziggy,"Reviews gonna be short and sweet, like this gamePros-Great Visuals-Amazing Soundtrack-Melee combat is fun and satisfyingCons-Story is pretty sh!t-Ending is pretty sh!t-Gun combat is horrible, don't bother using gunsOverall, i'd give it a 8/10, you should pick it up"
,Recommended,464060,35302751,Posted: 29 September,all,Aeriqui,BRILLIANT GAME. BEAUTIFUL GAME. KILL BOSS.
,Recommended,464060,35234896,Posted: 26 September,all,1438041941790.jpg,Very cool game.
,Recommended,464060,35235321,Posted: 26 September,all,Ajion,Suprising well done...
76561198150300013,Recommended,464060,35235076,Posted: 26 September,all,carlosup,nice
,Recommended,464060,35233380,Posted: 26 September,all,Seven 17,"Love the game so far. Brutal difficulty, if a little random/unfair at times - but it makes you feel like a total badass when a plan comes together. Really smooth, satisfying, fast paced gameplay, though.The game is beautiful to look at. Obviously heavily inspired by Akira, but it nails that look. And I'm a sucker for cool cyberpunk, derivative or not.Soundtrack is pretty dirty too, in a good way.Only gripe so far is the incessant flashing during any type of cutscene. It's like the game is actively trying to give me a headache. It's a little much.Overall though, having a great time with it!"
,Recommended,464060,35232932,Posted: 26 September,all,Ymmat_in_the_hat,good game ya just gotta git gud
,Recommended,464060,35233447,Posted: 26 September,all,The Gun Eater,"GOOD PUPPY/10Graphics - 7/103D AND comic style? Bad move.Audio - 7/10Almoat all dialogs have no sound.Controls - 4/10WHY CANT I CHANGE THE CONTROL SETTINGS?!My finger hurt. Not like dark souls hurt, but HURT.Gameplay - 10/10GOOD PUPPY,- says d1va from overwatchBugs - 10/10Visual bugs of a tracer, control stucking, strange AI behavior(that boss that is  almost like soldier 76 from overwatch would always throw grenades, if you are on the opposite side of the map, moving near an obstacle), That girl sound length is too short sometimes(rank C end with ...your... I guess, the ending was ...self.So, with fixed bugs it may be a worthy buy.ps. SPOILER: it is a child of hotline miamy and hyperlight drifter."
76561198050712099,Recommended,464060,35233486,Posted: 26 September,all,reginald.allouchery,"Played it enough to confidently say: this is cyberpunk hotline miami in gorgeous neon drenched 3d graphics.  Mature content, sweet but difficult gameplay with melee and long range attacks, dash and special powers.  Cool story, incredible presentation.  A feverish william gibson dream come true.  If you like cyberpunk and/or run and gun games, this is for you."
76561198099011850,Recommended,464060,35256831,Posted: 28 September,all,emil,Kicks♥♥♥♥♥!!
76561197990325857,Recommended,464060,35408227,Posted: 2 October,all,ReenMaschin,"Summary: nice game, worth the 20 bucks, but nothing specialAt first i thought this game is really good, because of the atmosphere and the soundtrack and everything. Its nice.I started with ""Normal"" as difficulty and soon (i think at first boss) i struggled so hard that i changed it to easy after about 70 attempts to kill this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. When switched to easy, i could finish him instantly with full hp and no challenge at all.This is really the worst about this game: the difficulty is not balanced. Easy is much too easy, normal is unbeatable imho. Wouldnt even consider trying ""hard""...Controls sometimes really suck, i cant dash always - sometimes it doesnt work. sometimes you get stuck in corners you dont see. Also it is kinda always the same after some time, walking straight forward, fight creeps, fight boss, next level. Story is ok, but i had much better ones in other games and it was somehow too obvious. (the end)One other thing to mention is that there are lots of characters in the city that reminds of an open world game, but in fact you dont need them or cant do anything with them. So why implement it then? its a straight-forward game so its not needed. Same with XP and skills. Could be solved easier for such a short game and not really necessary to give it those RPG characteristics.All in all it was a nice game, but somehow i felt happy when it was over - after only 3 or 4 hours of playing. As i said it got more of a ""always doing the same thing"" and it bored me somehow.I rate this positive, since i dont have the feeling i wasted my money. But it is definetely no game that will fascinate you completely or will keep you playing it for more than a few hours. But it has great atmosphere and arts - if you are into that."
,Recommended,464060,35317928,Posted: 29 September,all,Mr. Narrator,KILL BOSS
76561198002386689,Recommended,464060,35228374,Posted: 26 September,all,asfalton,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME !!!Mum, I feel gas :)More I play, more addicted I am10/10"
,Recommended,464060,35272710,Posted: 28 September,all,WinterClaw,"Hotline Miami + Alien Shooter + Syndicate(2012) + 攻殻機動隊(Ghost in the shell) = RUINERScenario  : 5 / 10In-game Action  : 8 / 10Unique cyber-punk world and spectacular visuals  :  9 / 10Cliche and empty ending. However, it is recommended because the price is cheap."
,Recommended,464060,35273395,Posted: 28 September,all,Ambience,So far it's pretty much exactly what I was hoping. Loving the atmosphere and gameplay.
76561197967716708,Recommended,464060,35405231,Posted: 1 October,all,shingo,Beautiful fun game.
,Recommended,464060,35271869,Posted: 28 September,all,Heartblood,"Amazing game. Music, gameplay, style - everything is just fantastic."
,Recommended,464060,35318535,Posted: 29 September,all,i dont go outside,this is the best game ive played this year
76561198037273246,Recommended,464060,35409545,Posted: 2 October,all,OverlordMae,"❤❤❤ the atmosphere. Big + on that 1.Controls might feel strange to some, but I began to like them after some time.All in all,Recommended(^_^)"
76561197960499928,Recommended,464060,35232656,Posted: 26 September,all,'Mainstay',Cyberpunk Bladerunnerish atmosphereIm looking for the Unicorn !Been following this game since months and now the time has finally come that i could purchase and install it.And man this game has exceeded all my expectations.. and this is why ;- Graphics and animations SUPERB- Setting and atmosphere SUPERB- Sound SUPERB- Music in this game is godlike. Never had a game in my almost 39year old life that has music as good as this ! SUPERB- Controls when playing with an XBOX controller SUPERB- Gameplay SUPERB- Difficulty SUPERB- Story SUPERB- Leveldesign SUPERBAnyone who writes a bad review for this game needs to stick his head in a NIntendo Wii and get lost.My opinion this game is one of if not THE best releases of 2017.KILL BOSS !!
76561198300532361,Recommended,464060,35400406,Posted: 1 October,all,HolyTacos,dis a good game.
,Recommended,464060,35280459,Posted: 28 September,all,Captain,A little repetitive but fun as hell. Very challenging with a great cyberpunk atmoshpere. I highly recommend it.
76561198069235656,Recommended,464060,35231018,Posted: 26 September,all,Ducain,"First hour played, its fast paced with an awesome soundtrack, violent cyberpunk with whitty small chat. Enjoyed it so far and will head back in. Will know more as its progresses but first impression was very good, and get that sound track."
,Recommended,464060,35505449,Posted: 5 October,all,solsailor,10/10 would kill boss
76561197960495747,Recommended,464060,35506424,Posted: 5 October,all,Nargan,"-Broke into a factory.-Beat down a bunch of security.-Bunch of security runs past me.-Meet a boss called Mother.-Boss says ""...and I will snort your ♥♥♥♥ing ashes!""-Proceed to get vaporized and then snorted.11/10 would get vaporized again."
,Recommended,464060,35507476,Posted: 5 October,all,Captain Bear Mode,KILL YOU!KILL YOU!KILL YOU!KILL YOU!
,Recommended,464060,35223726,Posted: 26 September,all,ImpJack,"Game is very fun, and the mechanics are sound. Hotline Miami had a baby with Transistor."
,Recommended,464060,35225599,Posted: 26 September,all,⎛⎝Pyjama.S⎠⎞-プディ,Only 2 hours and already addicted
,Not Recommended,464060,35274829,Posted: 28 September,all,Maclintok,"So I only played this for an hour before going for that refund, so take what I say with a grain of salt. In that time I was reminded of how elegant and tight in design Hotline Miami and Neon Chrome are - two games which I feel mash together fairly well to form what COULD have been Ruiner.Where Hotline and Neon are tense, deliberate action-stealth games, Ruiner is a frantic series of combat arenas linked together by moody corridors and a pretty neat hub world. Fans of Hard Games(tm) are going to eat this up because even the tutorial boss - yes, the tutorial - on Normal difficulty was giving me fits. I don't mnd hard games but they must control well...Ruiner's controls don't feel good. The WASD movement feels awkward. The shooting mechanics and general user feedback is  awful. I couldn't recall any of the early guns having any sense of impact or weight. Aiming is also finnicky and not helped at all by the auto-reload mechanic on the guns. For a game this frenzied I really wished to unload with some satisyfing-feeling weapons but my expectations were quickly destroyed. The wait the mouse aim both rotates your player and shifts the overhead camera is jarring as heck. Feels unnecessary.I'll hang on to Satellite Reign as my cyberpunk game show piece. And replay Hotline Miami because that has both style and tight gameplay in spades. Ruiner turned out to be a big disapointment. Great cyberpunk atmosphere but rough gameplay and controls."
,Not Recommended,464060,35407185,Posted: 1 October,all,YoFelix!,"Ah, so Ruiner is quite the unique game. With the Ruiner's interesting leveling mechiancs, awesome cyberpunk theme, awe inspiring art work, stellar music, and top notich combat system is almost enough to save this game. If this is all you are looking for then this game is for you but as far as it story (which deliever primary through databases and visual art style dialogue), choices (which is purposely meaningless), linear level design, and repetitve boss fights (you pretty much fight the same boss easily over ten times; the heavy cyborg moveset). Thankfully the game is short so it doesnt feel like a drag but man. It still does with the three levels in this game taking me 1/2/3 hours respectively and by the end, I was waiting for it to just be over. The game fails in a lot of nitty picky small ways with the constantly slow down effect and subliming messaging. It wasnt bad but it wasnt rememberable either so it was the worst kind of game; an average one."
,Recommended,464060,35277806,Posted: 28 September,all,Apathetic Android,Ruiner? I don't even know her!
,Recommended,464060,35269387,Posted: 28 September,all,ｌｏｓｔ  ｃａｕｓｅ,Aesthetically? Perfect.Mechanically? Trash.*Only reason to buy this game is for the atmosphere and music*
76561197976977876,Recommended,464060,35249196,Posted: 27 September,all,preshrunk_cyberpunk,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,464060,35378334,Posted: 1 October,all,Chimichanga,So many developers get cyberpunk wrong...This aint one of them.Guts and Wires10/10
,Recommended,464060,35241078,Posted: 27 September,all,Architech,"Incredible. Brings me back to the days when the cyberpunk genre was first formed in my heart. This is a breath of fresh air. Gorgeous visuals & artwork. Truly epic audio --mixed to perfection throughout the gameplay expierience. From breathtaking combat, to well written dialoge, the entire adventure leaves me fully satisfied. Replayability? 10/10. This is a game I will come back to for years to come. Absolutely enjoyable.The only CON -- The soundtrack I purchased doesn't show up with the game data.. so I cannot goto work (after playing all night long) and bring these amazing tunes with me throughout the day. I'm sure it will be fixed."
76561198126975019,Recommended,464060,35231959,Posted: 26 September,all,wolfinston85,"Where to start with this incredible game.For starters I guess I should say I wasn’t really expecting much from this game, or any other game for that matter, in the current state of affairs that the industry is in it’s a tad bit difficult to get excited for anything, but that’s just me.For the first 30 minutes or so, I was frankly disappointed nonetheless, and that was simply because the game spends 30 to 40 minutes explaining you how a lot of it works.In reality it’s fairly simple until you began combining a lot of your abilities, getting into the flow of the combat, and finally being able to get into the “rhythm” of the game, once you push through that first barrier of sloppiness, and tediousness the game opens up both figuratively, as well as literally, there’s a hub area in the game in which you’re literally in only two times during the campaign, in it you can find a grand cast of particular, and very strange characters that go into toe with the whole dystopian insanity of the universe of the game, reminds me of those good ol’Ranxerox comics from back in the late 70’s, the whole idea it’s that the future has somehow been overrun by A.I. and now, “it”, simply is part of people’s life’s, throw a bit of violence, modern cultural references into the mix, and generally a massive amount of inspiration from Hotline Miami.And you pretty much have Ruiner.The inspiration from Hotline Miami can be seen not only in the isometric point of view that follows the character around, or in the fact that the character’s design it’s similar to the one from Hotline Miami’s main protagonist, Jacket.The narrative it’s also similar, with the main character being driven on one side for a personal motive in a thorough, and brutal search for a lost family member, while at the same time searching for “Boss” a character which it’s controlling the main protagonist through the entire game through a “hack” implanted in his brain.The true brilliance from the game, for me, comes directly from the incredibly well design, and “fast-paced” gameplay mechanics, and systems that the game allows the “user” to play with.Everything in combat flows incredibly well, it’s not at all like Hotline Miami, in which every hit it’s a life, or death decision, instead the game focuses in delivering a similar style of feel to the one of say… Something like the newest DOOM.You constantly find yourself getting weapons, that no matter how many upgrades you set to increase de ammo capacity, or duration/resistance of both guns, as well as melee weapons, you’ll keep trading for new ones, simply because each and every single weapon in the game feels amazing, and while not every single one of them is particularly effective in all cases, fundamentally, the vast majority of them, to not say, all of them, feel great.There are traditional ones like the ones you’ve come to expect, shotguns, machineguns, pistols, but then out of nowhere the game starts getting progressively, and gradually, more and more bizarre with the type of weapons that you obtain, after a while you’ll get a shotgun that can ricochet bullets of walls, only to then have them explode when touching an enemy, in other cases you’ll find yourself using a “ray” gun that shoots out a “laser beam” that turns your enemies into skeletons, then you can find stuff like katana’s that freeze your enemies or simply allow you to turn them into amorphic pieces of meat, and blood.It’s amazing, and each time you get into a firefight everything turns into a quick, and exhilarating match.After a while you’ll get karma which serves as your experience, level up enough times with it and you’ll find yourself getting karma points as well as abilities that you can then unlock and use to improve both core “powers” as well as add other types of “specialties” to your character.Some are as simple as delivering a crate that contains a powerful weapon, while others can regenerate health in exchange for energy, the “currency” that the game uses to measure, and limit, your power consumption.Some other abilities however simply are always activated, I believe this are the one’s that are referred to as “passive abilities” in rogue like games, or games in general.Abilities such as general upgrades to your health, and energy capacity, or alternatively to your ability to dodge, one of the game’s “main” mechanic’s is the ability to dodge through enemy attacks while at the same time reducing the damage that you take while receiving damage in the middle of a dodge.This serves an almost “tele transportation” of some kind that allows you to travel from one place to the next in the blink of an eye.Soon after upgrading this ability, I found myself not only dodging in fights, but even while just traversing the map.It’s pretty satisfying.Probably the problems that I have with the game land in the game’s misused potential in actually using the hub world, and the universe of the game, for something a bit more promising, I’m pleased with what we got, but I just wish in a way the game would have had a bit more content for me to “sink my teeth in” I just left Ruiner with a bit of a necessity for more, you can replay the levels with all the abilities that you’ve previously unlocked, but so far it doesn’t seem as if you can get more.Something that also kills some aspects of the game for me.Having to use a trainer to unlock every ability for my second playthrough just to experiment, and feel what it’s like to have everything unlocked and be a “power machine” right from the start, just doesn’t sit right to me.Thank god that in pc you can do stuff like that, but I really would’ve wished for a new game plus mode, I’m sick an tired of seeing so many games that put such an incredible degree of emphasis in it’s upgrades, and powers, and skills, only to then lock you out of all of them after playing the game for the first time.Besides that, Ruiner it’s an incredible game, in regards to the difficulty which I personally don’t like to address that much in any of my reviews/critiques, mainly because it’s a bit of a delicate subject (just like many in this industry) but the game wasn’t hard at all.I finished the game in 4 hours but I played the game on easy (I play all my games that way, go ahead, Judge me!) and I really enjoyed it, you can change the difficulty at any time as well, so if you’re feeling up to some more challenge you can “bump” up that all the way to the hardest level of difficulty, and vice-versa.Overall, I’m really satisfied with my purchase and I’m planning to simply play the game once again with everything unlocked, just to see what else you can do with such a “smooth” gameplay style."
76561198071149849,Recommended,464060,35249795,Posted: 27 September,all,REXapalypseNOWPIG,Loved it... simply wonderful...Has Metal Gear Solid vibes...Reminds me of being a small pig playing the MGS for the playstation... Good times in the abattoir...follow me on TWITCH
76561198122697098,Recommended,464060,35251367,Posted: 27 September,all,Generic 12 YearOld,so far it's pretty cool
,Recommended,464060,35397663,Posted: 1 October,all,K1T,Great Game
,Recommended,464060,35228739,Posted: 26 September,all,Very stressful skeleton,Glad to see the hype i had for this was well deserved.
76561198002564362,Recommended,464060,35228867,Posted: 26 September,all,lnd,absolute cyberpunk insanity..  I love it! :D
76561197990963780,Recommended,464060,35273427,Posted: 28 September,all,rhb,"Ruiner is an intoxicating game. After you intake it's aesthetics, it hits you with a gory gameplay & banging tunes."
,Recommended,464060,35231589,Posted: 26 September,all,AmX,"How to play RUINERUltimate guide.1. Pick your edgy sword.2. Get Overload and achievecaffeine transcendence.3. Rapidly press Right+Left click on your poor little mouse.4. Hello Darkness, my old friend, I've come to talk to you again.5. Good Puppy. (^ - <#)~...???. I AM FAST AS F V CK BOIII.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-IK-KDqCM4"
,Not Recommended,464060,35370343,Posted: 1 October,all,Ulmos,"The Game itself is very good. Fluid Gameplay, nice effects and optimized.But i can't recommend it because it is way to short (played trough in 5 hours) with no real replay value.I also can't undertand: why bother with cutscenes if you don't do VO. They try to immerse the player and miss on the very basics."
,Recommended,464060,35244421,Posted: 27 September,all,Neno,neat
,Recommended,464060,35332624,Posted: 30 September,all,no bully,do it for her
,Recommended,464060,35443346,Posted: 3 October,all,If U Seek Amy,( * ω * )
,Recommended,464060,35487341,Posted: 4 October,all,mac,KILL YOUKILL YOUKILL YOUKILL YOU
,Not Recommended,464060,35505057,Posted: 5 October,all,Eudae,"Disclaimer: I've only played 8 minutes of this game and this review is based purely on using MKB control scheme.The control scheme is terrible. You can't rebind keys; using MKB 'WASD' awkwardly moves you diagonally instead of up, down, left, and right. This is further compounded by only dashing in the direction of your movement: when I wanted to dash south-east, I instinctively held down ""S"" and ""D"" keys and then went unexpectedly south. Sure, I could probably play longer and get used to it but it felt wrong so I didn't bother.I imagine the game is fine on a gamepad but I'm not plugging in my gamepad for a game that doesn't even attempt to give proper MKB controls and options."
76561198004992673,Recommended,464060,35238620,Posted: 27 September,all,Perry Nguyen,The game made me feel like I was in Taylor Swift Red Music Video...Love is literary everywhere in red!!!
76561198065810467,Recommended,464060,35229286,Posted: 26 September,all,FeyNExZ,"Played on Normal, died like 300 Times and nearly destroyed my Keyboard.11/10 gonna play again"
,Recommended,464060,35273847,Posted: 28 September,all,Yacht Rockerman,"""Game is hard 6/10 IGN""bind mouse4 or mouse5 to R so you can switch weapons and move in any direction. if you cant do that learn to switch with the scroll wheel. just dont use R."
,Not Recommended,464060,35256804,Posted: 28 September,all,DeathSpank,"Boring corridor level design, weird and unpleasant combat with very meh music. Heavily uninspired repetative gameplay and abilities. Better take Hotline instead or this one only on sale. Totally not worth playing, especially for it`s price."
,Not Recommended,464060,35260197,Posted: 28 September,all,Bumberus,"I sadly had to refund the game within the first few minutes. The controls are absolutely abysmal and you can't rebind anything.Switching to a Controller made it even worse.+ the fact that your character moves in relation to the level (press W to walk diagonally upwards) , makes things really confusing in the hectic fights.I'm sure you could get used to this eventually, but I didn't have the patience.Might come back to this, if they change how the character moves and add rebindable controls."
,Recommended,464060,35228710,Posted: 26 September,all,Muminov,"10/10100/100best gameBEST GAMEedit : just finished the game, took me 6 hours to finish it in normal modeMovement felt janky at the start but you get used to itLots of weapon options but lot of them are just useless compared to some other weaponSkill tree is pretty good, you can have different ways to play the game, not much but enoughMost bosses are tough until you understand how to beat them,One boss even needs some sort of puzzle to beat itOverall after finishing the game in normal mode I can say it was a pretty good experience, probably going to play again in hard mode and finish it"
76561197991465949,Recommended,464060,35224871,Posted: 26 September,all,Gagarin,This game has STYLE! Ang very good graphics.
76561198051212542,Not Recommended,464060,35250945,Posted: 27 September,all,gunslinger.mc,"If you want elegant game design, crisp, predictable and responsive controls, high, but rewarding difficulty......I dunno, go play some Meatboy maybe.I thought this might be my next fix for my Hotline Miami craving, a game of planning, quick tactical decisions, SHTF situations and occasional ddesperate button mashing. Well, I was bored to death by the end of the tutorial, having encountered only button-mashing (and rinse-repeat boss fight which was at least twice longer than it should've been). Watched people play this game and figured that it doesn't get much better.People say this game has 'aestetics', decent storyline/dialogue and whatever, but you only get there if you can stomach screwed-up and non-remappable controls, firearms which are barely usable beyond point-blank range and bland enemy encounters beating which doesn't feel rewarding for some reason."
76561197970719909,Recommended,464060,35225587,Posted: 26 September,all,Corvo,KILL THE BOSS
76561198023895704,Not Recommended,464060,35440817,Posted: 3 October,all,IgnisDrakos,"Liked the theme of the game, had terrible control issues and couldent proceed through the 7th mission because of a bug."
,Not Recommended,464060,35336481,Posted: 30 September,all,kodzeema,"Members of Witcher2 dev team at their best. Broken and unbalanced pile of useless mechanics and boring abusable enemies. Artstyle and sound are very pretty, but they do not worth the full price."
76561198043075361,Not Recommended,464060,35453285,Posted: 3 October,all,Sly Ramen,the game looks great but theres this one boss that one shots you if you dont have engough upgrades to your sheild
,Not Recommended,464060,35234098,Posted: 26 September,all,a,"Rather than take the next big step in top-down excessive stylized violence simulators, RUINER is reminiscent less of Hotline Miami and more of dog crap, proving as utterly forgettable as its nonexistent marketing campaign suggested it would be.The game begins in the vast world ofEvery Bladerunner or Akira Rip-Off You've Ever Seen Before, accompanied by uninspired, endlessly repeated wub-wub tracks blusteringly imposed over dimly-lit factory machinery and various emergency lights (because, as we all know, excessive drab industry = dystopian.) The future is now, and we apparently knew exactly how it would look back in 1988.Remember how in Hotline Miami the soundtrack was a core part of the experience, often the most memorable part of the game for many players? This is not that soundtrack. It's not going to make you lose yourself in the game's universe, it won't motivate you and you won't want to go find the soundtrack when the game is over. In all likelihood you'll turn the music off entirely once you realize there is designated ""combat music"" and ""idle music,"" and neither are going to change any time soon.Your first enemies are a half-and-half mix of Max Headroom and MC Hammer, boring in their presentation due to their hapless goon-like demeanor. ""Kill me!"" they all but exclaim, a far cry from Hotline Miami's suggestion that even Russian mobsters can be human beings with emotions, motivations and fears. You will feel nothing (other than sleepy) as you click them to death.Rather than exist organically in the level, your enemies appear from designated spawn points or marked hallways, projecting themselves well ahead of time so there is absolutely no way they can ambush you or pose any sort of challenge. Most will have bats and some will have guns, but none of that will matter because you have a healthbar, a dash that awards immunity frames, a shield that stops all damage (that you can, apparently, keep toggled on forever) and they drop health packs on death. This was on Hard difficulty.The gameplay itself is far from the unique experience Hotline Miami presented to its players. A mix of easily-abused tools, easily-replenished health, predictable idiot AI and braindead gauntlet arena maps will leave you less concerned with clearing a level and more consciously aware of the game's wealth of faults. Let's list some of the ones you'll notice in the 20-♥♥♥♥ing-minute-long tutorial:• Why do enemies produce an ""I'm dying"" scream and on-map blood splatters when they actually require two more hits to kill? Hotline Miami only used blood splatters when enemies died, to confirm in a big obvious way you got them. Enemies also didn't clutter the audio with yelling.• Why is the mini-boss character a reskin of generic enemies, thus requiring a flashy, annoying UI skull to constantly hover over him? Hotline Miami placed these sort of enemies conspicuously on the map, and even then it didn't matter because 'mini-boss' characters could be dispatched with the same techniques as any other enemy.• Why are the mini-boss characters supermen? Hotline Miami had fat guys, sure, and it even had an end-game boss that needed 3 whole shots (rather than one) to kill. But the mini-boss characters in RUINER are big, obvious damage sponges even though they have no in-game reason to be. They also fight exactly like generic enemies... but with more health.• When an enemy is killed, why does everything on screen flash? Hotline Miami kept the on-kill flashes in the background so it didn't obscure the front and center gameplay. Here it's obvious, obnoxious and ♥♥♥♥ing distracting.• Where are the brutal executions? Hotline Miami was pixelated, but still had extremely violent and visceral visuals. This game covers enemy models in a (copy-pasted) layer of blood and then they ragdoll away. Here you can't pin a guy to the ground and mash the back of his head into dog food. Corpses don't even stay on the map.• Why is melee rendered pointless halfway into the tutorial level? Hotline Miami made melee or thrown weapons an always-viable option. You can't use melee (or throw anything) in RUINER because the damage sponge enemies will just laugh at you.All of these glaring flaws (and again, I only played this game briefly) become painfully obvious the more it drags on, utterly poisoning any sort of style or aesthetic the game may have initially possessed. Or maybe it was poisoned when my ally (a generic cyberpunk Japanese chick) used emojis in her dialogue. It's hard to tell.I relentlessly compare the game to Hotline Miami not because everyone else does, but becausethatgame was a truly stand-out title for more reasons than its ""aesthetic."" Pixellated 1980's Miami and extreme violence was a memorable niche for a game, but it was nonetheless heavily inspired by existing stuff (Drive) and borrowed assets from other 1980's culture. Hotline Miami wasn't unique and it knew it, and thus it didn't try to carry itself on style alone. The gameplay, the music and the story were designed with extreme care to compensate for this.RUINER feels like the opposite. While it appears entirely aware of its Akira and Bladerunner influences, aesthetic is all the game appears to strive for. The gameplay is simplistic and dry, often stupid and rarely rewarding. The soundtrack barely exists and when it does it's generic; this is especially baffling considering the resurgence of synthwave (especially violent synthwave) five seconds on the internet will reveal to you. The art is merely acceptable, competently-made but nothing you haven't seen before. I assume the story is stupid, generic crap about corporate corruption or controlling peoples' thoughts, as being spammed with ""KILL BOSS"" and ""WAKE UP"" convinces me I'm right and convinces me to not invest any time into finding out.RUINER is a bland, timid entry suitable perhaps for patients recovering from surgery. It's not worth a buy and I can't even say it's a valiant attempt. It's Devolver Digital peering into the existing video game market, desperate for something to make them relevant, and deciding ""well Hotline Miami 3 is never coming out, let's try ripping off that.""Seriously, just go buy Hotline Miami. It's so cheap nowadays it's basically free."
76561198015789291,Not Recommended,464060,35248084,Posted: 27 September,all,lithium6,Chaotic and not rewarding gameplay
,Not Recommended,464060,35263800,Posted: 28 September,all,Shitty Wizard,"This game is a awful cluster ♥♥♥♥, the controls are bad and not precise enough to play this game well, the way you start in the lie of fire after you die is frustrating and the slow mo is weird as hell to control. this game looks cool form the out side but its a pretty pile of bad cyberpunk. so much promise in the idea, bad bad bad implementation. game should be priced far lower $10 for instance. i really wanted to play the game i thought this was."
,Not Recommended,464060,35223641,Posted: 26 September,all,tommy_beast,"Good idea, good graphics, bad execution.- The attack of a melee weapon is weak and its range is too small, while the enemies have much better accuracy than you.- The ranged weapons are also painfully weak. There are a couple of weapons which kill with 2 bullets, but they hardly make any difference. Other weapons like pistols and smgs are all the same.- Slow-mo toggles on and off at scripted points. It breaks the flow of the gameplay. Yes, I am aware of ""dash slow-mo"".- While dashing you still receive damage. It is dumb as hell.- The world is pretty but interaction is minimum:• no physics with world objects (why?)• no exploration (everything you can interact with is simply marked with small triangle for convinience)• no secrets/rooms etc.- The controls are awful and you can't rebind them (WHY?!)Refunded."
,Not Recommended,464060,35384805,Posted: 1 October,all,USE THE HEAVY COMPANY=WIN,这游戏一点也不宠着玩家没有用的对话选择，被玩家操纵和更方势力操纵的傀儡主角。到头来还是被操纵以及死来死去的游戏流程，主角死去才是最好的选择。操纵别人的命运，太他妈恶心了。
,Not Recommended,464060,35320319,Posted: 29 September,all,Nono5551212,"As soon as the game starts it says... ""You are in Heaven and you are here to kill the boss"" That♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me right off.I played for 30 minutes and was annoyed by all the freezing, slow down, flyby, flicker effects... Not a video card thing just an artsy fartsy design concept...- Can't mapp controller- Why the left analog does not face you forward I'll never know- The game has to pause and flyby every enemy- The flashing effect was annoying- Not the twin stick shooter I was hoping for...I would not recommend this game..."
,Not Recommended,464060,35440837,Posted: 3 October,all,Iron,Not a good game.
,Not Recommended,464060,35363118,Posted: 30 September,all,cryptex,I wanted to love this game because it just looks so good and I love the theme and character but it's just too difficult. It's absoloutely gorgeous and I guess you could play on easy but then what's the point? Easy is way too easy and normal is way too hard. If you're like me and get infuriated after dying 20 times with absoloutely no progress do not buy this game.
76561198283627558,Not Recommended,464060,35256136,Posted: 27 September,all,Blazed420v1,"This game is garbage. I could not even open my "" radial menu "" and therefore this game was unplayable for me. Waste of money."
,Recommended,464060,35224600,Posted: 26 September,all,kö1o84,"Ну, короче, на моем ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥оноуте она не тянет :<"
,Not Recommended,464060,35225237,Posted: 26 September,all,Calibrono,"WASD moves you diagonally. As in you cant run left-right-up-down, if you press W you run up AND right. What the actual f?That is all."
,Not Recommended,464060,35224696,Posted: 26 September,all,KumLorde,This game believes that it is much cooler than it actually is.It is derivative and repetitive.It manages to look cool and bland at the same time.Don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,464060,35227458,Posted: 26 September,all,R0das,hum... very difficult even on normal.I kind see games like this to star to be lots of difficult... you can try and try and end up repeating the level everytime you die.
76561198050801285,Recommended,464060,35226463,Posted: 26 September,all,Agua De Coco,"I have a certain bias when it comes to cyberpunk things like this, Blade Runner, Akira and Deus Ex are some of my favourite things ever created and RUINER is probably going to be up there. I don't want to say too much but the gameplay is excellent forcing you into crushing difficulty but giving you tools to push forward and when you do its incredibly satisfying. It is also drowning in style, the first time I walked into the hub area and heard Island Door by Susumu Hirasawa softly playing amongst the chatter and ambience of this dirty futuristic city, chills ran all over me. Yes its bad that you can't rebind your keys but the controls really do feel solid on keyboard and mouse (cant speak for controller), that really is the only criticism I can find thusfar the brutally difficult, fast paced, cyberpunky top down action game that is RUINER. I'd reccomend it to anyone who is up for an insanely stylish challenge."
,Recommended,464060,35229914,Posted: 26 September,all,chendawg,"Some real good cyberpunky ultraviolence. 10/10 visuals and sountrackReally wish there had been voice acting for most of the game, but its not the end of the world."
,Recommended,464060,35233014,Posted: 26 September,all,Snake Plissken,"Fantastic and challenging combat, great visuals, great soundtrack. Can't really find any flaws at this price range."
76561198116971937,Recommended,464060,35233594,Posted: 26 September,all,GabeTheAmateur,"I fell this is all I really have to say...im warning you, DON'T PLAY ON HARD MODE."
,Recommended,464060,35237103,Posted: 27 September,all,BitGlitch,"Let me start off saying RUINER is not a type of game I would normally play. Twin stick shooters generally are really simple and not often too fast. Ruiner decides to throw away both of those normal twin stick gameplay styles, and creates a very fast game with lots of abilities to vary up combat.RUINER is also made to be pretty challenging, and so far it has been. Starting out, you will most likely die a bunch until you get used to the controls/handling and flow of combat. Which speaking of, the flow of the game is generally go through a really pretty/atmospheric area and then into a combat arena, and this repeats through most of the game. Although, it did suprise me to see a hub level within the game as well as simple dialogue within it. Even with that, the level design still seems a bit lazy, and could have been fleshes out a bit more into something along the lines of exploring multiple different paths to get the means with which to open another path or area.But besides the super satisfying combat, it also has both a phenominal atmosphere and soundtrack, some of the best I have seen in a game in a while. The dialogue itself is generally a mix of hit or miss lines (and a decent, but heavy accented voice line occasionally), which is the only really glaring issue I have seen so far. But all of the character designs are great, with the main character being one of my all time favorites nearly instantly. The helmet light images shown and silent body language he conveys during dialogue are great, and really make him pull off the silent badass character stereotype well.Overall, I would say it is definitely worth the full price if you are willing to overlook the eh dialogue and somewhat lazy level design for a game with astoundingly fun and fast paced twitchy combat drenched in atmosphere."
76561197972887959,Recommended,464060,35249062,Posted: 27 September,all,Leegend,"Even though i have not played on Ruiner enough time to finish it yet i would certainly give it the thumbs up. Graphically excellent once you get into a skirmish there is a hell of a lot going on and gets hard real fast, but it's so satisfying when the words Stage Cleared appear on the screen, the only down side of the game for me are the controls, they can be hard to get into sometimes, helping you die a lot.The overall Soundtrack for Ruiner is one of the best and most suited i have heard in a game for a long long time, it certainly stands out similiar to the likes of old school classics like Streets Of Rage 2 or the more recent Mother Russia Bleeds.Quite like the chill level of wondering around Rengkok doing small tasks too. Overall i would say a solid 8/10 and one of the more enjoyable cyberpunk games i have played, it even reminded me of Snatcher sometimes."
,Recommended,464060,35321099,Posted: 29 September,all,Clams,"This game is incredible so far. I'm only 3 hours in the game and I have only finished the ""2nd Mission"" (No spoilers) :), the graphics are insane and the gameplay is smooth. I highly recommend playing this game with a controller, I see a lot of people complaining in reviews about not being to aim correctly, its real simple; move the thumb sticks in the same direction and you will run and gun.RUINER so far has a great story to it and even gives the vibe like you're right there in the story and action. Some challenging bosses that may take some time to beat (for those that are far in the story you know who I'm talking about :P). If you can't complete them do side quests until you think you are a high enough level to move on!"
,Recommended,464060,35328792,Posted: 30 September,all,dushFack,"saw this first time on twitter and thought it was pretty rad.love the overall designs of it, pretty darn artistic and different compared to nowadays gamesthe gameplay was pretty satisfying and also challenging so it keeps you focus in ittldr: just buy it whenever u can"
76561198046665186,Recommended,464060,35316128,Posted: 29 September,all,Fatal Pastry,"To quote a friend, ""Hotline Miami on cocaine""."
,Recommended,464060,35316663,Posted: 29 September,all,Captain_Tardigrade,"Totally a good game for a humble price. Beautifully directed and stylish, it's packed with fast-paced action, a load of customizable abilities and a lot of weapons. Dunno why ppl complain about controls, it seems pretty fine to me. Game is a bit bugged at times, but nothing to make your time completely ruined."
76561198151036848,Recommended,464060,35311486,Posted: 29 September,all,DFW,"There are three good things about this game that stand out: the art style, which is, despite being somewhat generic in terms of the cyberpunk aesthetic, very pretty; the gameplay, which, with a few exceptions, is satisfying, fluid, and fun; and the soundtrack, which is very well done and surpisingly diverse.That said, there are also three bad things about this game that stand out: the difficulty, which, on hard, ranges from♥♥♥♥♥♥easy to frustrating in a bad way (talking about you, King); the story, which was largely contrived and uninteresting; and the bosses, which were disappointingly static and lacking in memorability.Overall, the game was, IN MY OPINION, a solid 7.5/10--worth playing, but not worth replaying for any reason except to get called puppy by a hacker girl with a violent streak."
76561198295267656,Recommended,464060,35302966,Posted: 29 September,all,kazumashirou,"Aside from the immersive cyberpunk atmosphere, the cool hack and slash battle system, the occasionally cool moves i managed to perform and the amazing art stylei still can't get over the fact that i suck at this kind of twin-stick games. It gives off the ""git gud"" gameplay that is quite vexing sometimes...Oh and I dunno about the rest but i'm having some performance issues. The framerate isn't consistent despite all the graphics been toned down to the minimum. Perhaps they'll update the game later to fix this issue...Overall, very nice graphics but an OK gameplay."
76561198064239388,Recommended,464060,35322589,Posted: 29 September,all,Reverend Dunn,"First of i'll just say this is one of my favorite games to come out this year. Its atmosphere is incredible, the cyberbunk aesthetic combined with the soundtrack make the game very immersive and very replayable. Gameplay is fast and well balanced at most times.Pros-Sound track is excellent, it both fits and enhances the gameplay while also being great to listen to on its own.-The gameplay is fast paced fun and, at higher difficulties, very rewarding. The wide range of waepons make it so combat never becomes stale (mele is particularly cool)-The characters, while not incredibly deep, are still very interesting and entertaining. Her's taunting apon failure and praise apon success is....pleasant.-The abilities are fun, they foster a sense that you have tons of options to defeat each enemy and the skill tree is well constructed to be easy to understand-The enemy designs are all very unique, each area comes with new and interesting foes. I particularly liked the intro cards when encountering a boss or a  new enemy type.-The environments are linear. Its not the worst thing, a few more side areas wouldve been nice but its not supposed to be an open world game or anythign like that.-Insert other things I love about the game but cant think ofCons-Its short. 6-8 hours is enough to finish the storyline. It fits the deffinition of ""short and sweet"", i would have loved to see it hit more around the 15 hour mark but for $20 its just fine-Playing through the game there are points where the difficulty spikes like crazy unexpectedly. Its beatable but very jarring when you go from kicking♥♥♥♥♥ezpz to dying 30 times in one boss. and these spikes appear pretty randomly. For example the final fight took very little effort on normal but the boss in the first level is much more difficult (this happens once or twice in the whole game)All in all I loved it and anyone who likes cyberbunk aesthetic, games with great soundtracks and perhaps enjoyed Hotline Miami will too."
,Recommended,464060,35323430,Posted: 29 September,all,Zyn,"Loved this game.  It oozes style and while the combat can be unforgiving and the difficulty can be punishing....it feels a little hollow for $20.  Short of working on achievements, there's little to no point to replay the game."
76561198043672640,Recommended,464060,35323144,Posted: 29 September,all,Jakesaurus,"great game but  wish there was only 1 thumb stick for movement, games way too fast to face directions with right stick i just dash everywhere , other then that its quite slick and sound track is booming"
76561198170861563,Recommended,464060,35303211,Posted: 29 September,all,Nudenjigger,"Graphics 9/10, Soundtrack 10/10, Gameplay 7/10"
76561198008410573,Recommended,464060,35308222,Posted: 29 September,all,Dandelion,Nice game
,Recommended,464060,35343983,Posted: 30 September,all,Hypocrite,"This game is good, but both control schemes have fatal issues. Controller has garbage aim and multi-dash functionality, and Keyboard for some silly reason lacks a seperate melee button. In a fast pace game like this, needing to switch weapons in order to attack nearby is fatal. This game can easily be fixed with mappable controls."
76561197972266460,Recommended,464060,35252613,Posted: 27 September,all,Twosday,"I enjoy the twin-stick shooter genre quite a bit. Nuclear Throne and Enter The Gungeon are a couple of my all time favorite games. At first glance this game seems like it would be really good, and to its credit it does look really nice and is highly optimized, i got a silky smooth 120 fps nearly constantly.The gameplay itself is pretty solid. Combat is fast and you dash around killing enemies with disposable weaponry and it can be pretty frantic and fun when it all comes together. Unfortunately the pacing is somewhat off, it actually has more padding of just running around getting to the next combat area than actual fighting somehow. It has many long drawn out corridors with nothing in them just to stretch the game out, and even with that I finished the game in 4 hours on normal/easy (would switch to easy on sections i was getting 1-hit ko'd.)You have a lot of abilities to choose from, but you run out of energy so fast you can barely use them until a late game perk that helps you regen energy shows up, so its kind of like the abilities are there for not much reason.Overall, the game is OK, but not great.It would be easy to recommend as a $10 game, but at $20 i would say wait for a sale."
,Recommended,464060,35346247,Posted: 30 September,all,enko,"Reikon nailed it. Original art/gameplay reveals for art direction, sound design, gameplay were really impressive. And the product delivers.Incredible attention to detail. Very satysfing gameplay. Fresh story telling through 2D/3D art combination.Absolutely immersive and hynotizing world. Sound and music.Boss fights feel a little out of whack due to insane difficulty level. First boss on normal - 50 tries. Nerve - 27 tries. Is this by design? My only real gripe with the game. A lot of people will pick normal and give up as a result of exponential difficulty scaling.Other than that... this game is worth the price (why only 19.99? I'd pay 29.99).Absolutely recommend."
76561198060153235,Recommended,464060,35360047,Posted: 30 September,all,NoNickName,"https://soundcloud.com/jakeleeismyname/sleep-paralysisMusic from the second trailer, you are welcome!Great explosive ultra cool game.Don't listen do the bad reviews, there are many noobs out there hahaha"
,Recommended,464060,35359290,Posted: 30 September,all,BlizzThe45,"Absolutely heart pounding intense game with amazing enviorment and soundtrack. Like a good book, I couldn't walk away. Dev's, you did amazing."
76561198043296659,Recommended,464060,35357685,Posted: 30 September,all,SirHologram,"This game is for anyone who loves cyberpunk fiction, and dystopian asthetics.Gameplay is very much inspired by hotline miami, and once the combat starts it rarely lets up for long, throwing mixed challenges of enemy types, weapons, and envirormental hazards.The story not revolutionary but the world itself feels lively enough through simple things I found myself immersed eveyr time.The game isn't perfect but well worth the cost."
,Recommended,464060,35357377,Posted: 30 September,all,snowlg,ye
,Recommended,464060,35369045,Posted: 1 October,all,"Euron ""Thots Begone"" Greyjoy",Great game. Occassionally frustrating till you realise the need for a different ability or weapon for the situation. Not quite Hotline Miami but good enough. WE WERE NEVER FRIENDS.
,Recommended,464060,35360665,Posted: 30 September,all,RedMarz,"Everyone's thinking in their minds that it's like cyberpunk Hotline Miami. Nobody mentions that it transitions to DOOM halfway through with demonic robots instead of robotic demons.EDIT: Oh yeah, and teleporting around like Tracer feels pretty cool too."
,Recommended,464060,35361633,Posted: 30 September,all,spoopy boi,"♥♥♥♥ yes I recommend this, if you love Hotline Miami or Furi, there's a good chance you'll like this.Edit: I have a weird side effect from the game where I like being called puppy, so beware"
76561198125911867,Recommended,464060,35372981,Posted: 1 October,all,Suny,Absolutely recommendable
76561198073169891,Recommended,464060,35367717,Posted: 1 October,all,Cyntarius,Awesome game!!!
76561198086484625,Recommended,464060,35380771,Posted: 1 October,all,"Lo-Lo, the Wireless Owl","Above all, it is a grim cyberpunk game. I has a rather wild difficulty curve and if you have the right build, even the 'hard difficulty"" becomes easier. For me, the hardest part of the game was the creeper's parking garage because I didn't have all the cool tools at my disposal.The game plays well, everything feels satisfying. Melee is great, shooting takes a little to get used to. Once you learn how to lead and get used to the pace, the game's combat shines.I have encountered only one bug over my 2 playthoughs 9second one is ongoing atm).Overall, get it if you're looking for a fun time for a few evenings.Oh, abd characters in this are just... awesome. Good job on them, Reikon."
,Recommended,464060,35236737,Posted: 26 September,all,xxWeebLord420xx,"This game is hard. The controls of this game take some getting used to. I died 50 times on the first boss on Normal, and I threw my arms up in the air when i finally killed him. It felt good.This game is stylish. The character art looks fantastic and the graphics are great too.The soundtrack is probably the best part, I'm a sucker for an amazing soundtrack.You're gonna die a lot until you get good and kill the boss.Get up and try again, puppy."
,Recommended,464060,35233302,Posted: 26 September,all,megamilk,"90% of people complaining about the gameplay seem to lack the attention span to just sit down and learn the proper movement, shield and blinking (three things which you'll be doing the most in this) during the tutorial, which takes a whole of five minutes to grasp and a further ten to start really getting good at. There's no clunkiness, no forced mouse acceleration, or anything unreasonable or uncomfortable to get used to.The game absolutely has issues, but they aren't major, and they certainly have nothing to do with how the character controls, you're given tools to very easily achieve that visceral combat edge where you just act without thinking and clear entire rooms of enemies. That part of it alone is extremely enjoyable, and that's of course disregarding the stunning audio-visual presentation.If I had to point out any cons after five hours on hard with this (so, roughly, half of the game) I could only say that the inclusion of the hub area that you go back to after each mission, while packed with NPCs and some small pathways that change over the course of the game, leaves you wanting for a bit more. But that's a minor thing which I'd say borders on being a nitpick. Additionally, there's the lack of the option to rebind keys which kills some of the appeal for those who like to try out different control schemes.Also, for those who're wondering about the length of the game, RUINER judges you after every encounter and level (ala the Shadow Warrior reboot or something like DMC/Bayonetta) and gives you an appropriate rank and a picture of the reaction of your female, hacker partner. The better the rank, the better the reaction. It's not spelled out for you, but it's obvious that the game has been designed from the ground up with the idea of constantly improving your rank and trying to ace all of the levels, which means that you'll probably be playing this for way longer than just the ten hours that the main story wraps up in.Decide for yourself if that's worth the equivalent of 19,99 euros."
,Recommended,464060,35232815,Posted: 26 September,all,Drop Rate Gregg,"Gameplay here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZxJId-hXCM&feature=youtu.beI wasn't sure what to expect, I heard it was part Hotline Miami and part Bladerunner.  I think its fair to say that was accurate, but its not a copy thats for sure. The movement is INCREDIBLE, everything is fast, and its not as much of a puzzle as hotline was. You have a lifebar and an energy bar for different abilities.JUST BUY IT!"
,Recommended,464060,35234224,Posted: 26 September,all,kernbat,"Tough game but I'm already too invested to quit. Overall aside from the difficulty, I'd say this game is a nice gem with a fantastic soundtrack. #gocyberpunk"
,Recommended,464060,35404515,Posted: 1 October,all,8x Scope Master,"Really hard, really satisfying. Its like eating a hot food."
,Recommended,464060,35357970,Posted: 30 September,all,Mad Hyena,Hotline Miami 3 looks good so far
76561198013733837,Recommended,464060,35382955,Posted: 1 October,all,Lahoo Eckbert,"What a refreshing game.  5 hours in. Never got bored. Love the cyberpunk theme. Visuals are great, especially the lights and effects.  Combined with the amazing soundtrack, it becomes very immersive. If you are a fan of Ghost in the Shell or blade runner, you'll love the game simply because it'll remind you of those things.I wish there was more depth to the gameplay and the story.   Not sure where the developers will go with the game, but if they add more rpg elements, with a bigger and a more interractive world design, they can come up with an amazing sequel.Gets a 9/10 from me."
76561198010021053,Recommended,464060,35396744,Posted: 1 October,all,Dan,"Brutally hard, and uneven difficulty feeling at first, but once you get through it once on easy it starts to open up and you get the flow of it. I'm having much more fun on my econd run through, now on normal!"
76561198044766554,Recommended,464060,35404270,Posted: 1 October,all,Raven,"It's flawed, for sure. But it's a damn good game and you should buy it as soon as you can."
76561198007507481,Recommended,464060,35455615,Posted: 3 October,all,Cobourn,"Loved the intial start of the game, but I got ruined totally in the middle.  I mean it's unplayable for me now, soon after completing the Mother Boss Battle-I  can't beat the enemies thereafer.  It's a common theme in this game, just to watch yourself die alot.  Very much like the game's theme, it's 'misserablely hard' the difficulty (even on easy!), which is totally ♥♥♥♥ing absurd.  There appears to be a terrible cluster ♥♥♥♥ of k/b bindings too and the soundtrack is only special if you've never exited the front door of your property, since 1965.    I actually ended up muting the annoying repetitive track beats, and fighting [in silence-no distractions] during the late evenings after finishing work, WTF there.   And I still bleedin diedQuick gaming reactions you need in this game; mine it seems are ruined.  You have to forget relying on the not-so-good arsenal choice of weapons, it's really just the blade, dodging, more blading ..and dodging that make this game the  slasher it is, rather than a cyberpunk shootout-fest.Still, despite my major problems I quickly noticed with this game and my gaming ability, I did get hooked, so I've gotta give it the thumbs up..just."
,Recommended,464060,35446862,Posted: 3 October,all,Kohn,HELLO DARKNESS
,Recommended,464060,35428483,Posted: 2 October,all,ShortAge,This game really needs to let us rebind the keys. I am having trouble with the game because i can't press shift while also pressing WASD (I can't feel/use my little finger). Aside from that a really hard game.
,Recommended,464060,35482687,Posted: 4 October,all,mantisenator,I've been waiting for this game for a couple of years. It's been worth the wait. Hopefully they release some DLC soon. The game leaves you wanting more.
76561198008088676,Recommended,464060,35482827,Posted: 4 October,all,Ether Bunny,"So I'll first say that the gameplay itself is only good, not great.Secondly, the writing is a little hackneyed and a little video-game-ish.Thirdly the art is excellent.For some reason it feels way better than those elements would suggest to play. It's got the alchemy just right, the atmosphere fits the dialogue, and the artistry ties everything together exceptionally well. It's well worth the cost."
76561198025595517,Recommended,464060,35479134,Posted: 4 October,all,Zixpk,"Extremely slick slash-em-up...if you like Hotline Miami and Akira, you can't go wrong with Ruiner."
,Recommended,464060,35481772,Posted: 4 October,all,Ma Honey,"Fantastic, small learning curve, great soundtrack, remember you can switch abilities around as you please, there is no limit, and you'll die... a lot."
,Recommended,464060,35481895,Posted: 4 October,all,MajDroid,"A master piece for a very reasonable price, I look forward to more titles by Reikon Games"
76561198003015356,Recommended,464060,35481494,Posted: 4 October,all,3xpl0it,"The idea is really really good. The ambiance and the experience during game is incredible. I think they need to adjusto some mechanics and fine tune some abilities, but still, incredible game."
76561197974440181,Recommended,464060,35463259,Posted: 3 October,all,Gloam,Kill the boss
,Recommended,464060,35457391,Posted: 3 October,all,Helium 3,"To start off this review, I want to say that yes, this game is difficult.  Many people complain about that.  But that's part of the beauty of the game, it provides a challenge which you're prompted to overcome and improve your skills with each fight.  It feels great beating a part you're stuck on, the game is so adrenaline fueled.  Even if you just CANNOT adapt, and CANNOT beat that one level, you can change your difficulty at any time.  There's really no excuse not to play this game if you're even remotely interested in the premise (except for not being able to change controls).The great thing about this game is that each different person with a different playstyle is going to play it differently.  There is so much freedom of self expression in the skill tree and how you choose to overcome each challenge, it's great.  And also, you can respec anywhere for free if you have a change of heart.  Seriously, the gameplay is amazing.Great music, great universe, and SPECTACULAR art as well.9.5/10"
76561197994288080,Recommended,464060,35455655,Posted: 3 October,all,Bushidroid,"Bob Ross's least favorite gameSerious Review:Fun, dark, simple, and violent, RUINER nails the cyberpunk atmosphere and aesthetic perfectly. The synthwave OST is rad and that along with the visuals gave me a lot of Ghost in the Shell and Akira-esque vibes. The story is one of revenge; your mind was hacked and your brother was taken hostage to ensure you killed your target. Now your free (?) and looking to save him and get some payback in the process. Pretty straightforward stuff there. Between missions you have a detailed little hub world to explore with a few side-quests that add bonus objectives to the levels that you can complete for extra karma (XP) or additional story. As you progress through the game you also fill up a database with lore, something I always appreciate in games as it really adds to the worldbuilding.Gameplaywise, it’s pretty brutal. You always feel like you’re just one misstep from death, always dashing around hoping to stave off that one lucky stray shot that will end you. The good thing is that you have plenty of abilities to choose from, and you can respec them anytime you feel like you need a change. There's also some cheese potential in the later levels that can really help you out if you’re in a tight spot(Overload + Grid Converter ftw.)I had no problem with the default kbd/mouse controls, but it is worth noting you can't rebind anything.RUINER is an awesome game and super fun, and for 20 dollars you can't go wrong. Buy it, puppy! d(･∀･○)"
76561198080250250,Recommended,464060,35456682,Posted: 3 October,all,Inkwell,"Game is great definitely has a hotline miami resemblance and has a great atmosphere. It's is worth $20 easily. The only concern I have as of right now is that a couple of my achievements have not registered, and I am curious if anyone else is having problems with the CATS Quest achievement or the Mickey Mantle Achievement. Keep on making great games Devolver and I'll keep buying them."
,Recommended,464060,35458708,Posted: 3 October,all,klooj,"This game perfectly encapsulates what I personally expect from the cyberpunk universe, gritty high tech future. Its art style is impeccable, controls fine, and plays even better. Do not pay attention to the reviews which suggest that the controls are terrible, no one in there right mind should even attempt to play a twin stick shooter with a mouse and keyboard let alone write a negative review with their only judgement being based on that. Put on your favorite songs and enjoy the fast paced adventure that reikon games worked so diligently on."
76561198148910519,Recommended,464060,35471902,Posted: 4 October,all,HACK-Ata-48,Claims that Rengkok is somewhere in SE Asia...But everyone is speaking in Korean...Geography Fail
,Recommended,464060,35470677,Posted: 4 October,all,Super Hans,"It's got that perfect blend of cyberpunk aesthetic, edginess and uwu."
,Recommended,464060,35483334,Posted: 4 October,all,Badger,"Great artwork, soundtrack and gameplay, at £15 it's a no brainer, just buy it."
,Recommended,464060,35350914,Posted: 30 September,all,Amor Fati 117,"RUINER is a cyberpunk twin stick shooter focused on delivering a first rate visual and audial experience. The art style is gritty and stylish, using comic book style renders to set the pulpy cyberpunk tone, and the soundtrackrocks... expect a bit more bark than bite, but the game is still fun to play and it doesn't overstay its welcome (expect roughly 7-9 hours on Hard).Pros:+ The art direction is excellent.+ The soundtrack is excellent.+ It's fast paced and never really feels like a slog.+ Some bosses are really satisfying to fight and beat.+ Once you get past the controls, the mechanics work incredibly well.+ I personally really liked the story and writing. It's simple, but feels nuanced anddefinitelylike pulpy cyberpunk goodness.Cons:- While the game has an excellent style, it would have benefited from more environmental variety.- Some bosses are weaksauce, like Hongshi, which is a shame because I thought he had a very cool design. There were a few like him that turned out underwhelming.- It lacks endgame content and is short.- It was easy for me, even on Hard. I would have liked a mode that forced limited retries before full mission restart or something along those lines.Overall, it's a good game and I recommend it. I look forward to seeing more content for the game."
76561198148921733,Recommended,464060,35465579,Posted: 4 October,all,Neopolitan,Cyborg-Warfare Training SimulationWill harness the inner cyber-ninja in you 10/10
,Recommended,464060,35465379,Posted: 4 October,all,Option,"First,  I want to say if you liked Hotline Miami for PC (and its controls), get this game. You will not be dissapointed.Soundtrack - 10/10 GODLIKEGraphics - 10/10Controls - They're Hotline Miami controls. Top down, move the cursor in the direction you want the protagonist to face.Story - Can't comment as ofyetCombat - 10/10Fun factor - 10/10 Cyberpunk Hotline Miami with over the top boss battlesCons* The world looks alive, but it's just for looks. Nevertheless, it doesn't take away from the game. It just feels like they could have done more. Does it hurt the experience? No not really.The good outweighs the bad."
76561198202143295,Recommended,464060,35465515,Posted: 4 October,all,HADOUKEN!!!,我很喜欢！！！
