user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,464150,31821224,Posted: 18 May,all,BloodyPork,"Regalia: Of Men and Monarchs is a solid turn based strategy game. I recommend it for SRPG and/or Turn-Based Strategy games fans.+ Good writing - funny dialogues and witty conversation+ Fun combat - exciting combat, mechanics are neither too simplistic or too complicated+ Diverse battle skills - every character has different skills, instead of sharing boring generic skills like in other games+ No grinding - experience is gained party wide, so you can use use that party member that you never use without drawbacks+ Relationship building - think like Persona games, you get perks by building relationship with your party member and townsfolk npcs+ Time limit - makes you think carefully of what to do instead of doing everything in one playthrough, but endless mode option is there for completionist+ Choices matter - makes for great replayability+ Fast loading time - after dealing with horrendous loading time of other turn based game such as Expeditions Vikings, Shadowrun, Wasteland 2, etc, it feels good to finally play something that loads fast.- Challenge in battles. Not a fan of ""bonus objective"" system; I'd like to take my time and enjoy battles, not min-max to win in less than X turns.- Can't pan camera with WASD, this is rather unintuitive in my opinion. I accidentally used whirlwind on the second battle while trying to move the camera- Can't compare equipment. For some reason you can't see currently equipped item when trying to switch equipment.- Can't save the game anytime I want, only in town and dungeon camp (save point)."
,Recommended,464150,31896173,Posted: 21 May,all,bennyr,"I really can't recommend this game enough. For me it's like the best parts of all my favorite RPGs combined. Let's see..The combat design is amazing - Authority Points being a resource for both ultimate attacks and for extra actions in a turn is brilliant. You can control the pace of battle, focusing down dangerous enemies early if needed.Liking the sound design a lot, particularly the music. I usually mute games and listen to my own music but couldn't make myself do it with this one.The town building, while not as deep as DC2's Georama system, was a lot of fun and I liked the way it tied in with the personal bond system. Trying to figure out what to build early on to maximize my combat potential was a fun sort of mini game for me.The skill morphs unlocked by personal bonds with playable characters are great for giving you options to upgrade your characters later on. This kind of evolving skill is something I don't see games doing enough, it's a great feeling to re-evaluate what seemed like a useless skill later in the game, or just make an already-good skill a lot more user-friendly (looking at you Inferno).The characters' combat styles really stood apart and meshed well with their personalities. The assassin really feels like an assassin on the battlefield as you send him behind enemy lines with stealth, the blowhard archer gets in the enemy's face to build ""Overconfidence"" stacks, etc.In the later chapters, masterwork weapons/trinkets/potions (especially potions) combine to give you a very Bravely Default-esque feeling of breaking the combat in your favor. This feeling of having long-term planning and development pay off in combat is one of the reasons I think a lot of us play RPGs, and this game has it in spades.Of course it's not all perfect:Yes, the writing is (very) corny. If you don't take it too seriously you'll be ok. It's a game after all, and aside from the simple message re: right to rule, it's not trying to take itself seriously at all.If you're not focused on maximizing your progress, the chapter deadlines can be a little tight. Conversely if you're comfortable with these type of strategy games, you shouldn't really have any issue making them. If you have any doubts just pick the story-focused mode at the beginning.At the time of this writing, you'll definitely see some bugs here and there. Hopefully as time goes on more and more of these will be patched, so this may not be a relevant note for long.Anyways, I'd recommend this to anyone who loves tRPGs or would like to try one. Regalia is a real steal at $25."
76561198025268449,Not Recommended,464150,31862782,Posted: 20 May,all,Shagon,"TL;DRI can only ""recommend"" this game to any die-hard fans who played similar games because this one has major design flaws. I absolutely adored games like FF Tactics/ War of the Lions, Onimusha Tactics, Tactics Ogre etc which is why I had high hopes for RegaliaThe flawsa) Personal Bond systemb) timetablec) optional mission goalsd) save mechanicsThe Personal Bond can best be explained like a ""friendship bar"" that goes from 0% to 100%. Once you reach 100% you take the bond with that character to the next level ( 5 in total), unlocking perks (which can be used by anyone like +3% damage) and skill mutators unique to that character like -1 second cooldown on x skill or general benefits like +5% more gold.Personal Bond is increased when you spent an ingame day with a character. Either it's a generic cutscene you can skip or it's a dialogue which you can't skip. In these dialogues you will be presented with 2 questions, each having 3 answers. Based on what you pick, the Personal Bond will increase by a certain % amount.The characters either- fully agree ( 3 arrows pointing upward)- agree ( 1 arrow pointing upward)- disagree ( 0 arrows pointing upward)I'm not sure about the specific % values, but I think every arrow represents 20% on that Personal Bond bar. That means if you don't pick the optimal answer everytime it takes a ridiculous amount of ingame days to unlock all the stuff.This leads to -> saving before the dialogue -> hoping you get the right answers -> if you fail, reload. And that for every character! It's insane how much time you have to spent leveling up that Personal Bond. But you can't really skip them, the benefits are either too good or simply necessary to make a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ skill decent.b)This game some sort of an ingame timer, after you complete the initial part of it. Each chapter you have ~50+ days to finish a certain amount of quests. The problem is that many things cost ingame time.- Talking to a character to increase Personal Bond: 1 day- Upgrading a building: 1 day- Constructing a new building: 1 day- Moving on the world map: 1 day for each station- Fishing: 1 day- Clearing dungeons: 6 to 9 daysc)Optional mission goals grant you extra EXP as well as an increased chance of finding treasure. The problem here is that these goals are atrocious most of the time like fighting with 3 instead of 4 people or never missing a single hit the entire battle! Or never using a signature ( as in basic) skill. They are not challenging, they are badly designed. The difficulty they add is artificial, nothing else.d)You can only save in the main city or while you rest at a bonfire in a dungeon. However, you only visit that bonfire once and the whole dungeon has between 3 and 5/6 battles.If you find yourself overpowered because you didn't level up the Personal Bond enough, you still lose all the days you invested already should you leave the dungeon."
,Recommended,464150,32820785,Posted: 26 June,all,damowhalo,"Highly recommendedFrom artstyle to storytelling, from humour to character voiceovers, brings an immersive experience similar to that of the old-time FFTactics favourite, but better."
76561198007627359,Recommended,464150,31832484,Posted: 18 May,all,Charlie,"Positives:++ Nice & fresh combat system with great ambient enviroment.++ No grinding and no repeated battle so far, a big big plus.++ Very intuitive tactical and strategy system, not difficult to learn; and the time limit in strategy layer serves the story and playing purpose well.++ Beatiful graphics & cute characters for this genre.To be improved:- Need better and full keyboard support. In particular, need a key to go over conversation other than mouse clicking!!!- Not even a trace of romance...This is unacceptable for a king!! Well, at least I can still imagine being Aegon the Conqueror under the setting of two sisters...- It seems one can only play normal / story mode on first playthrough.Overall, worth the price & good enough for any people loving this genre."
76561198042280538,Not Recommended,464150,31847845,Posted: 19 May,all,Barilius,"EDIT: Changed the wording to sound less like an angsty teenager.I really wanted to like this game. I was really excited because at it's core it has a lot of things I likePROS+ Strategy RPG: I am a huge fan of FF Tactics and Tactics Ogre+ City/Base/Army: The City building mechanics is one I was waiting for a long time. Far too few games allows players to build themselves a base.+ Party Level / No grinding: Basically all party members share the same level which is good because all party members all relevant and available for any content.+Visuals: The game looks really nice. I like the art style and the painty backgrounds.+ Character relationships: Just befriending your people. Building your relationships give you unique bonuses based on the people you are befriending. (like in Persona Series)So I said I really wanted to like this game, but there are too many things that annoy me.CONS:- 20 Mins of dialogue before the game really starts...- Story: Lazy hero learns that he is the sole heir of a prestigious family and is forced to restore the castle againsts his will.- Protagonist has no agency: He is given quests to restore the castle by his grand-father who's ashes he drank. All his choices are who to spend time with. I long very much a game when the protagonist decides by himself what he wants to do and why, instead of being given arbitrary choices.- Characters: Cliché characters are cliché. I just didn't find any of them likable.- Humor: Sorry, the humor of this game doesn't reach me.- Voice Acting: typical anime-like voice acting that usually is the reason why I watch anime in jap with subs.-Music: If you like elevator music, buy the OST! (The battle music is good though.)-Time limit: So you have a limited number of game days to complete a number of quests. each interraction that you do take 1 day. if you reach the limit and you failed the complete the number of quests, it's game over. I don't like it. It's just a personal preference. Also what this means is that you'll almost always want to really get the optimal outcome in each encounter otherwise you would be gimping yourself (catching up to a bad interaction will cost time, and time you don't have).- No Grinding: and by grinding I mean, taking time to get stronger in order to complete difficult content. There are a limited number of battles in the game, and limited time to complete them. So basically, the devs have set a very specific progression of battles that you should do. And each of these battles are hard (even harder if you try the bonus objectives). So if you find some content too difficult, then tough luck... git gud or play story mode.- The enemies scale based on your level: So basically, the only reason to level is for perks. The rest of the stats mean nothing because wherever you go, the enemies will scale.- Character skills: right from the get go, all characters have all the skills they will use in the game. They don't seem to learn anything new. With some progression,  you will be able to modify/upgrade some of these skills. Also, skills have cooldowns, I don't like this. Again, personal preference.- Protagonist is THE main healer: so basically there is no ""healing"" in the game. Your characters get shield points that allows them to prevent future damage. At the begining of the game, your main tank has 1 ability to generate shield points which is a melee aoe with 2 turns cooldown, which is bad considering it does not generate that much shield points anyway. The only other character that generates shield is you main character, who is a leader type (does not fit his personality at all IMO). He has a ranged no-cooldown spammable give ally shield ability. and there is no reason to do any other ability (except his ultimate, which gives lots of shields, and a banner that is very situational). Personally, I find it boring.- Almost all enemies are have ranged attacks: So basically positioning your tank becomes almost useless when enemies can circle you and do ranged attacks- Characters get unconscious after battles: If a character falls in battle (no possibility of revive during battle mind you), the character is out for the rest of the dungeon (you can revive them once in consumable camp). That means that if you fail to protect your party members early in the dungeon, it will only get harder and harder (the game is already hard as it is). That would normally not be a problem but since you can't grind, it's going to be that much harder. Again the git gud or play story mode.- Rewards vs Failures: The rewards are ordinary, some XP and trinkets, nothing fancy. Loot is boring. Even doing the super hard battle objectives give you just a little bit of XP and a +15% chance of getting loot. But when you fail, you not only did you waste real time, but you also wasted game time, and game time is important because it's limited and it's counting down to your doom.Save Locations: You can save anytime when you are at home. But when you leave, you can only save at camp. You'll have maybe 3-5 battles per dungeon (earlier dungeons) but only 1 save point. And it's consumable, meaning that if you save to soon, you'll have to go through many battles without saving. This is what the game would call risk management, while I just call it annoying.- Save Scumming: because of all the mechanics in the game, you will save scum a lot. If you don't know what that means,  it's when you save at a specific point and get throught content, and if you fail (or don't get the outcome that you want, you reload and retry until satisfied.) Dungeon are the worst offenders.Conclusion:I'm happy I got a refund after 3 hours."
76561197993816248,Recommended,464150,31893171,Posted: 21 May,all,HappyFreek,"Kinda first impressions, my review may change after I spent more time with the game.PROs:- cool art style, visuals- the story isn't a typical RPG cliche- combat system spices up already known mechanics with own ideas- soothing soundtrack- brings back some memories about similar classics- great characters so farCONs:- lots of info to take in at the start- the general pace of the game could be a bit faster- quality of life issuesWORTH MENTIONING:- some mechanics needs some getting used to- there are puns. If you're like me, it's a positive thing :)- you have to read alotOverall it seems like a very solid game. Keep in mind that this game is made by a small studio, not a huge AAA developer ""syndicate"" :)Looking forward to the rest of the game and the updates the guys have in store for us."
76561198069099942,Recommended,464150,31854572,Posted: 19 May,all,Generalphone,"I kind of dumped my last few days into the game, but I can safely say it was worth my time. I loved the game and for a kickstarter credit is given where credit is due. They made a fantastic game with the money they raised and I enjoyed even the smallest parts (yes, even fishing) I achieved admirer status with all but a couple of the inhabitants, something I'll be going back to do, and haven't finished exploring the entire map yet for quests and materials. I may have beaten the game once, but I've still got quite a bit to do!Loveable characters, check.Enjoyable character by character stories, check (I liked Theo the most)Great artwork, check (Sometimes the backgrounds reminded me of Deponia style artwork, which I loved!)GREAT voice acting, check (I didn't feel dissappointed in anyone's voices)Excellent RPG quests, check (I thought it was intuitive to give you around 55 days to finish a few main quests, then see the story, I often found myself having 20+ days where I could just go around and spend time with the inhabitants, and I never felt like there were long streches of me doing nothing)Enjoyable battles, check (Only once did I feel like the battle was total bs. At the beginning a battle against those tree guys where I had I think 3 characters, once they put up the petal shield and I couldn't walk without taking damage was hell. Really balanced otherwise.)Good character dialogue when not fully voice acted, check.I could sing its praises all day, or I could say something like ""oh I wish there was more of this or that"" but really, cmon, it's a 25 dollar game. It's a fantastic piece of work and really shows how much blood sweat and tears pixelated milk and the guys put into it.10/10 would rage at the Bink/Tag/Dragon negotiation again~"
76561198080692626,Recommended,464150,31958197,Posted: 25 May,all,Pepelatcce,"Actually a very nice game. It is funny, interesting, very easy-going and all that alongside with some challenge in gameplay. There are bugs, of course, but they are mostly sligltly irritating and not game-breaking. Like some kingdom quests bugged with count, some abilities overlooping or working not like they are described. And i bet they will be fixed soon.Cool game, folks."
,Recommended,464150,34502056,Posted: 26 August,all,Drakk,"This is a charming game. Its biggest strengths are its writing and its combat system. The characters really make the game to the point I would argue it's a game about its characters.ProsCombat is fun. It's not overdone with mechanics and there's a good amount of strategy to it. It's not a matter of grinding until you're high enough level. You have the tools to win, now git gud.Excellent writing. I found it hilarious.Freedom. The game offers you a lot of freedom into what you want to do. If you want to do nothing to explore dungeons, go for it. If you want to do nothing but chat up the townspeople for an entire chapter, go for it. As long as you're ultimately being productive, there's no penalty for chosing one action over another.ConsThe game suffers from what I call ""XCOM accuracy."" This was my major source of frusteration. ""What do you MEAN you MISSED, KAY? HOW DID YOU MISS YOU HAD A 95% CHANCE OF HITTING!"" Next turn, ""HOW DID YOU MISS AGAIN?"" I swear Signy is the only competent fighter. No one else knows how to actually hit their target.It's a little boring in the later chapters until the plot picks up again. I think there's an actual lull where nothing really happens, and the chapters tick by without any real progress.Freedom has a drawback: there's no pressure to level up, so I literallydidspend an entire chapter chatting up the townspeople and fishing. It got a little boring. To keep the game interesting, you've gotta be responsible enough to vary your own actions.This is a solid game. It's a cute RPG with cute characters and challenging gameplay."
76561198001629284,Recommended,464150,31889147,Posted: 21 May,all,Sophisticated Mama,"this game is great, I see alot of people complaining about the time limits for each chapter. after the first chapter i have been doing so much without trying that the subsequent chapter goals are automatically done giving me the whole chapter to do whatever i want. this system is nowhere near as stressful as people are making it out to be."
,Recommended,464150,32480375,Posted: 16 June,all,Trent Gear,"If you enjoy turn based RPG-Strategy hybrids (so more Fire Emblem-inspired than XCOM) you'll enjoy this. Maybe a more limited roster of characters than you'd expect from the genre but the characters play very distinctly; each with a very different set of resource/positioning/combat role considerations. This game is clearly indie, but the production quality on everything is top class. Clearly some very talented people behind this game.Scattered thoughts:*Difficulty curve was a siggly line - Get the weakest point out of the way first. There was absolutely a learning curve, first few instances of combat seemed very difficult and then I figured out how to manage the 70~80% hit chance you are stuck with for a while. Then some later party members are comically overpowered, and then some late game enemy types are living nightmares. Overall it was appropriate but there are some enounters that are serious outliers, so be ready for the occational whiplash.* Overarching time management system - there's an overarching system of days to complete a set of X objectives from a master list in each chapter with each town building/overworld movement costing a few days. If you don't plan out how you will tackle them you will run into the day limit. They are easy to reach though unless you were looking to mindlessly wander through the game. I enjoyed it as a solid balance between letting players sandbox thier way through the content and providing the structure needed to challenge the player's planning ability.* The shield/health system I felt was very well executed, you can't stonewall a choke point forever with a healer, tank, and a ranged class. Using terrain to maximize the number of 2v1 situations in your favor or forcing enemies through environmental traps you lay down is vital.* The plot is servicable as a method to help direct your focus, but not much else. However, the inter-character dialogue is perhaps best described as a similar flavour to Borderlands 2: the 4th wall is frequently MIA, its on the groan-inducing side at times, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't laugh and enjoy it. There is a suprisingly large amount of fully voiced dialogue. Every line has a professional production quality.* There is some hard core waifu bait. There are husbandos as well, but the waifu bait is more intense than I expected from something from outside Japan. So I guess there are Fire Emblem comparisons to be drawn here as well."
76561198048052733,Recommended,464150,31852251,Posted: 19 May,all,Hiruko,"I highly recommend this game!!Regalia takes a little bit of persona 5 role playing elements, mix it with some base building mechanics and throw in the combat system of tactic games such as Final fantasy tactics. All of the playable characters are really cool so far, and it seems they each have specific roles and unique abilities."
,Recommended,464150,32023320,Posted: 28 May,all,ChickenDinner,"I'm going to be honest, I pirated this game before buying it.Then I accidentally played this game for two days without realizing I hadn't bought it yet. I won't be giving arbitrary number values or positives/negatives, I'll just talk about my opinions of the game.Gameplay------------------I didn't know what I was expecting at first, but the combat in Regalia plays just like other tactile RPGs; you move, you perform a skill, maybe you move again. What took me a little getting used to is the lack of a standard attack. In Regalia, there is no regular stab or slash, instead characters will have a Signature Move with no cooldown that serves as their standard attack (Not all characters have an attack here). Authority Points are great. Whether it was for activating special skills or chaining attacks, it was a mechanic that I very much enjoyed, despite my stinginess with them. The combat stats are nice and simple as well, no crazy pages of minutia to pore through.Enemies and Allies will all scale to whatever level your party is, so there's no need to individually manage your characters. Any character will be viable to use at any point in the game without grinding.The Text Adventure portions were also fun to go through. There's nothing quite like dancing to please a crowd of drunks in text form.The time limit situation isn't a problem at all. It requires you to complete a certain number ""kingdom quests"" within a certain number of in-game days, which I often completed in excess just by playing normally.Personal Bonds------------------I'm a sucker for this type of stuff. And it happens to be very easy in this game so that's a plus. Leveling up your bond with a character will unlock perks, be it a skill improvement, crafting better items, or higher bond increases. Maybe I'm just a pleb but I found the characters to be likable and interesting (Max bond with everyone except the Merchant and Alchemist as of writing).Character Customization------------------This is also pretty simple as well. Characters will have a number of perk slots equal to the level of the party. A nice sense of balance arises due to more powerful perks taking up more slots. So unfortunately, I can't turn Signy into an ultimate death machine, but I guess a regular death machine will suffice.Characters will have 1 slot for a weapon and 2 slots for trinkets. Doesn't get much simpler than that, does it?Miscellaneous------------------The writing is cheesy, but I love it.The music is great, especially the boss battle music. I knew I was in a boss fight before I even read anything just by hearing the music.The art for the characters is amazing. I can't say so much for the in-game character models, but the character portraits were very pleasing to look at.rip I'm in a rush so I can't finish this properly, but hopefully you get the gist of it."
76561198210995124,Recommended,464150,33640561,Posted: 18 July,all,GameBot,"This game has been a blast.  I don't normally write reviews, but want to here as I waffled back and forth for over a month on getting this game because of the so-so review scores, and I think it needs more positive votes.  Takes me back to JRPGs of yonder year in a ton of great ways, but with a lot of modern touches.  Not a fully robust RPG, but I that's not what I was looking for - and at $25, I've already received tons of value personally.  I've been sitting down with it when I have a decent block of time every few days and have recommended it to friends/fam already.  I love the thoughtfulness of the combat, all the different things to do, the bright/fun art style, and I always go for the challenges in battles which makes each one a good puzzle.  To me, this isn't the quick $5 burger or the rich $55 steak, but the yummy $25 meal that hits the sweet spot.*One change I would love to see is the ability to rotate the screen in battles.  Often things are in the way and I can't see obstacles and characters clearly, even with the ability to hold down ""L"" and see what blocks line of sight.  Thanks!"
,Recommended,464150,31835039,Posted: 18 May,all,WoefulMe,"I'm just gonna say it, this game is amazing.I love tactical rpgs anyway, so this game is right up my alley, and I've been following the dev team since PAX, so I may be a bit biased in that regard. That said, there are several reasons why this game is worth buying at its price point.The gameplay: gameplay is tight, feels fairly balanced from what I've seen of it, which, arguably, isn't much yet. Quest and overworld system is really refreshing and unique, and I really enjoy the battle/dungeon style the game offers, as well as the exploration and character interaction in the town and while camping.The characters: the characters are lovable, quirky, unique, and feel very real. The character interaction and dialogue is really really well done, and I found myself getting through the gameplay to get to more narrative, which is telling in this kind of game's experience. (Note: the gameplay isn't bad at all, I just really enjoy the narrative + character building.)Enjoyability: I really enjoy the game, as can be seen from the favorable review. It just feels like a really tight tactical rpg with interesting mechanics that I haven't seen in a lot of the genre.Cons: These things said, the game isn't perfect. There are a few bugs I've encountered, which is to be expected on days 1 and 2 of release. This said, none of the games have really impacted my experience outside of minor annoyances here and there. There are also a few QoL changes that could be made that would make a difference. Not being able to leave from the town menu (having to enter the castle and click the globe to leave) is a bit annoying and largely unnecessary in my opinion. Movement in battle is also a bit off at times, which isn't a huge deal due to the ability to cancel movement (provided you haven't done or taken damage) but can at times be frustrating.Overall: Excellent game and worth 25 dollars for sure. Gameplay is intriguing and solid, overworld is unique, and the characters and story are top notch and are worth the lion's share of the dosh you'll be paying for this game. Honestly, even if you removed the gameplay, I'd still enjoy the game for just the dialogue and characters.Really really fun game and worth picking up. Easily one of my favorites of this genre, (and of the year) for sure."
,Recommended,464150,31883692,Posted: 21 May,all,Redhotviking,"A very fun Tactical RPG with some Resource managment, companion friendship, rebuilding a lost kingdom.It has a rather simple ""dungeon"" system, crafting system and yeah simple is the correct word about everything in this game, BUT it is very fun. The combat can be rather harsh but once you get the proper trinkets, weapons and can take without a wide arrange of characters to solve every situation then you are good to go. the most complex part of this game would be the talent points, finding the various talents to upgrade your allies is found by building up friendships with them and from diplomacy towards the four factions you can befriend.Another thing i liked in the combat was Authority point, it gives you character an extra turn of sorts, they cannot move any additional movement, but they can attack or use items. Some characters like Griffith can charge towards an enemy, this does not count towards the amount of movement he has done, and since you can move after doing an attack and not only before attacking it will make it possible to move much in a single turn and as some quests have a lot of enemies but all you need to do is to kill a single target, usually leaders or bosses of sorts this can be done to quickly position Griffith in a battle with the boss or leader, using his taunt ability to keep them occupied.Personally i prefer to use:Kay, his character abilities are low offensive but powerful for support.Griffith is a decent tank, moderate dps with the option to equip a talent to make his main attack impossible to miss or get dodged. making him a very stable member of your team.Alissa is a ranged fire mage, with a fire wall attack and a powerful summoning that can really turn the tide, her main attack is somewhat like a chainlightning in other games jumping to more opponents, in short a powerhouse in dps and her best weapons even build up Shield, which is a form of HP in this game. Making her able to survive a lot of troubleThe last spot is usually filled with Theo, great aoe and status effect attacks with amazing dps potential as he has an attack that deals more dmg depending on the various debuffs the target has, this include debuffs from other characters and items, easily dealing 2-3k damage at max level.The only times i replace Theo is against enemies with high ice dmg resistance, and i only replace Alissa during fights with high fire resistance. I replace them with other high dps or debuff characters."
76561198019672075,Recommended,464150,33252946,Posted: 4 July,all,{HWG}Geoclisymmk2,Depth and humour 2 thing lacking in most games.Along side the above mentioned is a suprising amount of number crunching and time and personel managmentshort though my play time is so far I find my self quite enthralled by it to the point I've stayed playing it when I've only 4 hours till im supposed to wake up for  a morning work shift..... my only gripe some of the voice acting is very cheesy
,Recommended,464150,31890677,Posted: 21 May,all,ZOOM,"If you like tactical RPGs in the vein ofFinal Fantasy TacticsandX-COM, and if you like Atlus's""Persona""series on PlayStation, then you'll like ""Regalia: Of Men and Monarchs"". It mixes JRPG sensibilities with a solid grid-based tactical combat systems and an engaging presentation - though its indie, Kickstarter roots do shine through on occasion in terms of production values and polish.Thegame's highlightsfor me are:Challenging and deep turn-based tactical combat system, with a broad range of combatants and tactics.""Persona""-inspired system of time management and social links (er, ""personal bonds""), giving the game a second, visual novel-like layer.High-quality voice acting, appealing music.There are somedrawbacks,none in and of itself a big problem, but they show that the game could well have used a few more months of playtesting and improvement:Obnoxious loading screens between every screen, frequently breaking up the flow of the game for a few seconds - I'm sure these could have been avoided on modern systems.Very limited opportunities to save the game.The writing is serviceable, but a bit heavy on the references and clichés. The story is ... forgettable but inoffensive, at least in the first three chapters.Stuck in the 1990s (or today's Japan...) in terms of diversity: the protagonist is your default spiky-haired white male dudebro, his sidekick is an older version of the same, all the girls are young, busty and attractive, and most companions are walking, talking clichés. The merchant character is uncomfortably close to a caricature of a greedy Jew, too. (Though the dwarves being Asian rather than Scottish is at least original.)Clunky UI: No controller support, no way to rotate the combat map, not all functions are explained in the UI (e.g., rotating spell effect areas with Tab). Awkward dialogue controls (no fast-forwarding or auto-advancing conversations).Only two difficulty levels: normal (actually fairly challenging) and ""story"".On the whole, though, well worth the 24 Euro for me."
76561198155883969,Not Recommended,464150,32033231,Posted: 28 May,all,Travispollett,"All the pieces are there for this to be a very enjoyable game. The story is interesting and has enough references and humor to satisfy anyone looking for a laugh. Unfortunately; the execution of the combat system and the difficulty ruins the entire experience. There are only two difficulty levels: way too easy and way too hard. Especially considering there is no way to level up or really get stronger outside of story battles.  At least unless you want to spend hours upon hours fishing to make money. And that is a significant problem. I don't want to play on the easy setting as I enjoy some challenge; but I am unwilling to spend a full day fishing in order to make enough money to upgrade my equipment to the point where the fights are possibly winnable.Basically the combat system and difficulty of fights combined with a lack of options to advance in other paths ruined this game and that is a shame because it is otherwise a game I would recommend to anyone looking for a tactical rpg. I can't even recommend this to people who enjoy stupidly hard combat games because it's not a fair difficuty level. The enemies have better stats, better abilities and better passive traits than your party and there is no method of healing in combat, The shielding system has a significant problem in that it is effectively unavailable at the early stages of the game due to a lack of characters which can generate them, particularly in regards to shielding other characters in any meaningful amounts, Out of the first seven characters there is only one which can reliably generate shields on anoter character and that is only 20% of the target characters maximmm and is limited to line of sight, which deserves it's own section on how much ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that is. Contrast this with enemies who gain 10% of their maximum shields when hit with any damage, can instantly generate 50% of their maximum shields while removing all negative status effects (though I believe it does come at the cost of two minor status effects that are applied for two turns incluuding the turn it was  applied during) or generate 100% of maximum shields and deal 70% of maximum health to any enemy who is too close to them when they end their turn.  All three of those enemies are in the regular dungeons and hit as hard if not harder than my units while having similar hit points and a numerical advantage in every single fight. Hell; they even have larger movement ranges than my units so kiting isn't even an option. Which I would like an explanation on why a dwarf gets 50%+ physical resistance and a spear which can hit two squares yet can move as far or farther than any of my units. They suffer from initiative but that isn't as important as it doesn't allow me more turns, I just get to move before them which is less important when compared to the other factors.Regarding line of sight issues. There are way too many objects which block it and the rules that govern it are ridiculous. Basically if you are not in a straight line in one of the four cardinal directions with nothing between you and the target you will not be able to attack that target. Even typical rules regarding LoS are not applicable here. If someone is standing in front of a doorway there is no way to attack anyone except that unit. No angles allowing attack to another unit, which is a serious problem when many of the enemies have abilities which don't require LoS but almost every singe abiity available to the player requires it. You can use your limited perk slots to help with that in a very small number of cases; but out of the first seven characters the number of non LoS abilites that are available even with perk slots can be counted on one hand. Your own allies both block LoS and block friendly movement so if one of your characters gets stunned in a bad place you literally cannot help them in any way shape or form until they either wake up or die.Which brings us to death in the game. You can take a maximum of 6 units out with you and deploy 4 of them in  a battle. If they die in a battle they are unavailable for any other battles until you rest at one of the very limited number of rest spots or finish the dungeon. I don't mind this at all as at the point I got to as there were always enough rest areas to handle the situation. The individual fights on the other hand were the problem.The fishing system is fine for small stretches but as it is button mashing it gets very tedious after a fairly short time. It being the only method of generating resources outside of combat makes it an obstacle to overcome rather than a diversion or something to supplement the combat, If I ever play the game again I will be looking at probably two hours of fighing in order to generate the resources to craft/purchase the equipment necessary to be successful at any of the combat locations."
76561198026275144,Not Recommended,464150,33000207,Posted: 29 June,all,Taffy,"Characters are colourful and unique. Combat is decent, with options and tactics involved that allow the player to think and plan accordingly. Grap[hics are also very nice, I really liked the artstyle involved.However, a personal 'hate' of mine is when enemies level up along with your party - I just don't see the point of this at all as it makes levelling completely pointless. Also, I found some of the humour rather unhumouring, but that's personal taste.Sorry, but this one wasn't for me. If these don't bother you, then go ahead and give it a go."
76561198117231018,Recommended,464150,34738666,Posted: 4 September,all,dollmanc,"Wow! Just wow. This is the first time in a long time that i played a game that just knows what i like. Personally i would just give this game a 10/10 and be done with the review. But i pride myself for being unbiased. So lets review.Pros: The Fable like Charm and Humor. From its Writing and art Style. This world is simply a place you would want to be in as much as possible.The Turn Based Combat. Xcom players will feel right at home. And if you haveing a rough time, just remember you have items that can make things a whole lot easeir.The Calander Mechanic & Kingdom Quests. Like Dead Rising, spend your days wisely and have some fun at the same time.The voice acting is superb.The quality of life mechanics sprinkled all over the game. Its gonna be hard to get upset through a playthrough.The serviceable story with its characters being the true bread and butter of the enjoyment.The Exploration. A great mix of combat, choose your own adventure incounters and camping segments seeing your characters interact with one another. And they always had something new to talk about. No repeats.Cons: The rare bug of getting stuck when trying to talk to npcs. Easy to over look just try going from a differnt angel.The Diplomacy. You will have to playthrough the game twice to experiance all the potential companions.The Negotiating. A steller mechanic that is only used once in the intire game. More of a shame then a con.No Visual Customization despite there being items you can wear. Its more just for stat boosting. Let me change their clothing colors at least.Dispite all the minor cons, this is one of the best rpg games i have had the pleasure to play in years. This gets a 9/10. Highly recomended for people looking for a light, fun, charming, rpg, strategy game."
76561198010083833,Recommended,464150,31834010,Posted: 18 May,all,dadvocate09,"This is a very light, fun game. The tactical layout is easy to figure out, but rewards thoughtful consideration. The voice acting is top notch, and really brings the game to life without expensive CGI-esque animation work. The characters are fun and feel worth exploring through roleplay. The multi-faceted resource management (time / construction materials / combat power) gives the game a strategic feel without being burdensome. 10/10, would absolutely recommend to anyone who enjoys RPGs and not spending a fortune for each game."
76561198120134131,Recommended,464150,32277908,Posted: 8 June,all,Havelock,A blast to play on easy (skippable battles ^o^) for the well-written and funny adorable personal quests. don't judge me :)
,Recommended,464150,31866442,Posted: 20 May,all,SuRge,"10/10 Waifus.Good voice acting.Amusing writing.From cute little sisters, savage barbarian-ladies and musclebound manly men, you're sure to find a character that you'll really like.Oh and the gameplay's pretty good too, I guess."
76561198340789629,Recommended,464150,34779185,Posted: 6 September,all,Skyreach,"Surprisingly good. I wasn't expecting much going in, but the cast is charming, the combat is fun and deeper than it looks, and it's pretty unforgiving. Which I like.Worth my money, and probably yours too!"
76561197984007986,Recommended,464150,33160969,Posted: 2 July,all,TrashCanGammy,"This game is the best tactical RPG I've played on Steam thus far, and compares remarkably well to classic JRPGs considering the resources the developers had to work with.The game's best quality is its well thought out combat system which is challenging and diverse. The game has around a dozen characters each of whom are powerful in their own right, with unique abilities that give them a really varied feel in combat and allows for a wide variety of strategies. The characters also have a lot of personality out of combat. Each has a quest chain and many, many chances to interact through conversations.The writing is excellent, and although I don't say it lightly, sometimes even laugh out loud funny. It frequently uses subtle geek culture references, from Warhammer 40k, to Recettear, to Dr Who, to Despicable Me to Fallout. It feels to me to be a labour of love for the writers.The graphical quality is excellent and you can judge this for yourself from the store page. Music and voice acting are also very good, and after seeing the credits I was surprised to see the game had more voice actors than developers.In summary, I was very pleasantly surprised by this game. Despite some flaws, I feel it's well worth a purchase for those of us who would like to see more quality TRPGs made. I finished the game in just over 30 hours, with many dungeons still available to complete once the main story is over."
,Recommended,464150,31964588,Posted: 25 May,all,ruff1298,"Do you want to fight evil monsters and world-threatening horrors with a Vampire Hairdresser, a Pirate King Elf, an Arabian Pyromaniac, and a Half-Naked Amazon Lady?Do you want a rich, deep RPG full of story, charm, and world-building that is incredibly colourful, lighthearted, and funny, while still managing to be serious?Would you like your gameplay to be full of humour, bordering on the ridiculous with deadly, adorable kittens that shoot lasers and sprout wings, to the meta, with the main currency Dilac being ""DLC"" for short, and the hilarious exploits of a manly blacksmith with a pink apron and an adorable pug in a tutu?Then take a look at Regalia: Of Men and Monarchs.There's so many things I can talk about with this game, but I'm not a comprehensive reviewer, so I'll just go with the part that resonated with me the most:The Characters.I love that this game has the Personal Bond system, where you, as Kay, the monarch of the kingdom, hang out with, bond, and get close to your subjects in purely platonic relationships. No romance to be found here, just befriending folks, earning their trust and learning their deep, dark secrets, and ultimately helping them achieve their goals in life, while also getting perks and abilities to help you in the combat.Among my favourites of this system are:Baz and Lillka, the co-owners of the Placeholder Inn. What might at first seem like a giant who only speaks in grunts and his hyperactive preteen daughter actually turns out to bea former mercenary on the run, after his company had him burn down villages with women and children, and he defected and adopted one of the orphans he had helped make.Valen, the Pirate King Elf (and I should mention, Elves are Blue-Skinned Vikings here and I love them) talks about himself in the third person, is boisterous, loud, and proud, but underneath it all hehides a dark and gruesome past where he learned the terrible secrets of his race's mind-link, and took out his own eye after he saw things no mortal was meant to knowalong with being universally loved by his crew, and being a nice guy, all in all.(The figurehead you help build for his ship is also just majestic. I wish I had taken a picture of it.)Then there is my first favourite, Signy, a wild woman who goes around headbutting moose, suplexing wolves, and petting kittens in her search for her totem animal, will rip and tear her enemies with vicious claw attacks, and speaks almost exclusively in really obscure nature koans with a sexy, growly voice, along with being hot as hell.There's so many great characters here, and the voice actors and actresses really did a fantastic job bringing them all to life with their various personalities. I could go on and on about my other favourites, like Alissa, the girl constantly on the run thanks to powers she didn't ask to be born with, Theo, the wannabe vampire who you help accomplish his true love in life, and Diego, the womanizer who isn't as shameless and completely interested only in pleasure as he seems...It's just so good, the writing in this game. There's even a story mode that helps you skip battles if you happen to suck badly at tactics games like I do.I sincerely do not regret this purchase. It's a wonderful experience just for the depth of writing, characterization, and the expansive world alone, filled with all manner of twists and interesting takes on Fantasy staples. The plot itself is also quite good, especially the twist near the end whereit turns out Kay, the protagonist, isn't really the true heir of House Loren, and the real one is a giant douchschnozzle."
,Recommended,464150,32033681,Posted: 28 May,all,NarnoldPT,"This game is really awesome despite it's flaws. Let me start off by saying I love tactics RPGs and simulations so having both together is just really fun. The voice acting, art, combat and story are all top notch and great for such a small team. The only issues I've had with the game in general are as follows: The load and the save being on the line and no conformation for loading has led me to clicking load instead of save a few times erasing 30 minutes or so or at the very least a battle or dungeon worth of progress. The other is the scroll wheel on my mouse not working in menus, maybe it's cause by my two monitors (seeing how the mouse is not contained on one screen) but in stores to browse products is annoying without it, lastly the pace of the game seems rushed, I feel like theres no way to grind which I personally like in RPGs even similar games with a time system like this seem to be a bit more laxed. Overall a great game that I couldn't reccomend more despite minor UI faults."
76561197997561416,Recommended,464150,32287250,Posted: 9 June,all,Yami Kero,"I'm not one for long reviews but this game is simply amazing! Great tactical combat, funny dialogs, cool and funny characters, and great polish.(Slight spoiler) The only con I can give it is that there is no option to marry on of the characters.Overall one of the best games I have played in quite some time!"
76561198158149244,Recommended,464150,32379082,Posted: 12 June,all,tuckboat,"Damn steam approval rating and review system just doesn't get it done anymore. I get some of the com[laints but only 80 percent approval for this game is truly shameful. Do yourself a favor and forget the noise if your a fan of this genre and you haven't hit buy yet quit wasting time reading and buy it. If you want to stick around or come back while it's downloading read on I suppose but you won't be disappointed.So what's good?Sweet Sweet Tactical Combat (Turnbased SRPG Classic)Outstanding Production Values - Voice Acting, character and world design, sound effects, etc. all would grade out around 8/10 for me...Innovation - From Little Tweaks Such as a premptive ""shielding"" mechanic replacing tradiotonal ""heal em' up with skills"" you'll get a game that takes a few risksWell fleshed out and memorable charactersEach Character has their own unique feel and the Abilities are well executed and for the most part interestingWriting and humor were pretty solid and reminded me of DisgaeChoose your own adventure side quests were well written and a welcome additionThe Town Building/Choose your own Adventure/Tactical Combat combo is a nice blend that works together pretty well hereAC/DCStory is just kinda there. You won't find a strong narrative driven game and given the depth of the characters and quality of the writing elsewhere the mediocre story almost landed on the 3rd tier but it technically functions and gives some reasoning behind certian mechanics.The Friendship Bond/System was to me and many others a welcome addition however it's one of the things alot of other people seem to be complaing about. As I really liked the concept but also see obvious ways it could have and probably should have been improved I decided to list it here.Not so great...That finaly battle was terrible....I mean make some kind of an effort rather than just stringing a bunch of random enemy types together on a map with a final ""boss"".Postgame doesn't have much to it.Could use more depth as there are limited in certain aspects as far as Town Building and Relationship System. Both are somewhat interesting to begin with but wind up being far too linear and unfold with a littel alwer much choice involved.Balancing seems a bit off. A few of the characters are much more powerful and it's not really a close call either. On the normal mode (there is a story mode offered as well and allegedly a nightmare mode forthcoming) I found early battles to be easy to moderate in a few spots before hitting a difficulty spike in the midgame (which was welcomed) and then a few unbalanced additions to my roster later and the endgame was a cakewalk.8.4/10"
76561198067112815,Recommended,464150,31828843,Posted: 18 May,all,Tibetan Fox,Great game so far. Great humor and the characters all feel different. A very fun rpg with great turn based combatOne complaint - On the save screen please move the load button or ask for a confirmation lost a few hours of gameplay because i went to save at the camp and accidently clicked load.
76561198101561172,Recommended,464150,31911546,Posted: 22 May,all,Wiror,"I haven't played this game for really long but I can tell I already like it.This game is a tactical rpg and sets the TACTICAL word upfront in battles while using the rpg part not for grinding like most games like to do but more for relashionships and influences. They even put a city building experience. Every battle here feels like a challenge and some will be harder than others (thinking of my first ogre battle here or against the petal shields of the treants, thought you can manage the latter by letting them come last and abuse of the battle cry of your berseker to finish them once the shield kicks in)The bookworm in me is very happy to see lots of lore and text but most people might not like it and yes you have to read a lot at first to make sure you get everything before going in and die because you didnt read there was no healing up but a shield mecanic instead which is to basically prevent the damage instead of coping up with it later. This gets a little time to adjust I admit. The intro is a bit long and while the main character is kind of a pushover the voice acting really helps make everything come together. Those accents are great!Anyways sorry for this kind of rambling. I just think that for a 25 bucks indie game you may have found a little gem that will last for a good decent 20-30 hours at least in normal difficulty (normal beeing fair but harder than what people might expect)."
76561198053395284,Recommended,464150,32076046,Posted: 30 May,all,Feo,"Great game for all jrpg fans.While it's not extremely innovative, the witty writing and intriguing characters (with a huge array of those to pick from as well) make the game a great experience.The combat is easy to get the flow of and a lot of fun.Definitely recommend it!"
76561198063621150,Recommended,464150,32111345,Posted: 1 June,all,Phantomthief,"So, i just finish this game.. for only 24 hours.. all i can say is.. the story is nice, and funny, i like the humour..but i hope this story was not end so fast.. but still nice..8/10 from me!^_^BUY IT!"
,Recommended,464150,31987183,Posted: 26 May,all,Choubugioxkei,"Regalia is one of the funniest games I have ever played.It's also a wonderfully challenging tactical RPG, if you try to complete the optional objectives. If you're not into challenge, you can play story mode and skip all the battles.Play this if you like happy, joyful games."
,Recommended,464150,34662568,Posted: 1 September,all,pixelelf21,"Its pretty good, recommend"
,Recommended,464150,31991346,Posted: 27 May,all,[MG] Medic!,"Cute JRPG, a light-hearted atmosphere and simply oozing charm. All wrapped up in a neat little package that is this game. It's not the deepest, but it'll definitely keep you entertained."
76561198133796150,Recommended,464150,31854210,Posted: 19 May,all,aylwin.s,Good game and quite funny. My only issue is that there's too much loading screens. It loads fast but still annoying.
76561198035805486,Recommended,464150,33199742,Posted: 3 July,all,efoxy06,"If I had to sum up this game in one word, it would be ""Enjoyable.""  The artwork is great, the voice acting is as good as I have ever witnessed, the story is clever and unique with all of its' characters being quite original, and most importantly the gameplay itself is well-tuned and fun.Fans of SRPGs will appreciate the battles.  Every character you recruit is entirely different from the next.  The path to upgrading characters involves a sort-of skill tree, where you have a number of passive abilities to choose from (Health +100, damage +3% etc) with a few unique individual skills that upgrade their battle abilities.  Leveling up has a sense of importance to it, and as you graduate skills and stats, you feel a real sense of accomplishment after seeing how effective your characters now are in combat.  There are a thousand ways to win a battle with the varying make up of your party at anyone one time.  My only knock here is that you have free reign to choose your entire squad for 99% of the fights, which at least for me fell into a pattern of the same team almost half of the game.  I would have liked to have seen more variety, with story related battles forcing the usage of certain characters and combinations.  The enemies are well varied, and several stages have interesting circumstances (survive X turns, one battle with a mother bug and the field is surrounded by eggs that turn into bugs in X turns.)Fans of story driven RPGs should also be in for a good time.  The story itself is perhaps a bit short, I suspect I will be completed with the game around the 30 hours mark.  But the best part of the story isn't the main plot itself, it's the development of the individual characters through a series of Personal Bond quests.  They are all at times hilarious, sad, and even philosophical, but consistently well written and thought out.  These quests are also rewarding, as they unlock abilities for use in the skill tree I referenced earlier, and also allow you to upgrade stores in your castle.My only knock on the game is that it appears incomplete, which you can read about more in the Discussions.  I don't know if the intention is a paid DLC or an update in the future, but I don't intend to replay the entire game again once released, so now I feel like I am potentially missing out on something."
76561198010365747,Recommended,464150,32233674,Posted: 6 June,all,Boyinleaves,"Cutesy ridiculousness done right.I don't usually like 'humourous' games, nor the characters that typically comprise them, but Regalia manages to get (most of) the humour right. Pop culture references abound, both brick-to-the-teeth obvious ones and those as obscure as Vinicius Quesada, and more often than not - which is a massive step up from most such outings - they actually manage to be entertaining.Bear in mind, this isn't really the sort of game you play for either the character development or the plot - both are ludicrous, and you shouldn't expect either to leave you thinking for more than 2 seconds after you close the game.Thankfully, Regalia has some reasonably meaty turn-based tactical combat to enjoy. A cast of 12 characters - each with 5 unique active skills and a passive skill, and a maximum party size of 6 with 4 typically being deployable - offers quite a variety in approaches one can take to fights. Characters can be tweaked with perks and 3 pieces of equipment to suit your style even further. There are some pretty groovy combos between characters to pull off, and most characters have clear synergies with others. Many fights will see you up against unique or relatively rare opponents, and each has up to two optional tasks to complete for a minor benefit (but mostly for the challenge of it).The game operates on a time-limit per chapter, a feature which immediately turned several of my friend off playing it, but the time-limits are incredibly generous and unlikely to impact anyone but the most negligent, wasteful players. They serve more to progress the story than anything else.The music and art have both had a great deal of passion lavished upon them, though the art does perhaps give one the impression of some of the more well-developed flash games, which could turn you off if you only looked at screenshots. Suffice to say, this is not a cheap, quickly-turned over title. The developers have done an amazing job in the style with which they've worked.Loving the game, and though I still haven't completed it, I have built everything there is to build and recruited everyone I can. Would definitely like to see a follow up with even more depth."
,Not Recommended,464150,32194022,Posted: 5 June,all,Xarai,"TL;DR: There is nothing badly done or incompotent about this game, but almost every facet is done better in another game.This is a turn based tactics game. It has some sembelence of relationship management. It threatens to have kindgom building without getting quite there in the first 4 hours.The combat is okay. Battles feel challenging enough while staying fair, but there is no real basic attack to be found. This means that at times, you might need to use a character to get a kill, but because of how their most basic ability works, you will be forced to hit one of your own units as well. Everything has some kind of added (sometimes bonus) which in theory is cool, but is far more limiting than you would think. Want a better tactics game? Play Fire Emblem or Children of Zodiarcs when it comes out.Then there is relationship management. You can spend a day talking to someone to increase your relationship with them for some benefit. The characters, while relatively interesting (at least in the first 4 hours) dont have very much to them. You have the stingy shopkeeper, the burly feminine man, the ridiculously obsessed/danger ignoring journalist. The time you spend with them just feels like a chore and a waste of time, and the dialogue choices (3, picking the best one gives better increase in relationship) don't feel like they give you a fair chance. For example, once I had the choice between 3 forms of the word ""no."" I guessed the right one, maybe you got an increase in relationship for all of them, i dont know. Either way, you want good, time based, relationship mechanics? Play Persona or Stardew Valley.The game starts with our main character moving to an abandoned kingdom he has been told is his, and he has to build it up. As far as I can tell, you really have no choice as to how this happens. Sure, you can upgrade buildings, but its pretty clear that you just upgrade whatever is going to give the best rewards. Also, you dont choose the order people come to your kingdom. Want a blacksmith? Cant build a forge until the blacksmith guy comes in the story. Want some kind of enchantor? Probably not in the game, but you wouldnt be able to build an enchantors lab until the enchantor came in the story. It doesnt feel like you're building a kingdom, and I guess that wasnt what the devs were going for when they made it, but it feels lacking because of that. I can't think of many examples of this off the top of my head, but I'm guessing things like Little King's Story or even Terraria do this better.I think this game should have focused more heavily on one thing. There is nothing terrible here; nothing specifically that makes me think its a bad game. Altogether though, I would not recommend this."
,Not Recommended,464150,33484491,Posted: 12 July,all,Ma5kot,"I realy wanted to love the game. Its colorfull, it has witty humor characters that are one of the best iv seen this year. But there is one thing that i can not. And will not forgive in a title like this. And that is level scaling. It completly robs you of the enjoiment of leveling up the team and having a smooth breez of a ride. And instead it turns the game in to a shlogfest, especialy if you want to finish all the added objectives. I will not recomend this game even tho i wanted to."
76561197998187459,Recommended,464150,32689176,Posted: 23 June,all,Tombles,"A funny, well written script, good voice acting and a well designed combat system. About the only real negative thing I can say is that the RNG seems bizarrely off kilter, generating far more misses than the numbers would suggest, but it's a minor flaw in an excellent game."
,Recommended,464150,31904610,Posted: 22 May,all,ColonelSanders,"It might be rough around the edges, but the game is fun."
76561198040838912,Recommended,464150,33644824,Posted: 18 July,all,Algorithm,"Regalia: Of Men and Monarchs is a solid game that delivers in some areas and leaves more to be desired in others.They did a great job designing the strategic combat. Each character feels unique and has their uses, but as expected once you learn some of the stronger mechanics in the game a certain set of characters starts to lead the way. I would have preferred a class system myself since i loved FF Tactics so much, but i did grow to appreciate how they set up the characters.The story is mostly forgettable. You will definitely be playing this game soley for the combat and maybe some comical appeal. There is even a part mid-way through the plot that almost caused me to quit the game. You have to mediate between 3 parties and try to make everyone happy. The issue is the game will not let you fail so you must keep repeating the sequence over and over until you get it right (causing you to manually click through about 20 blurbs of unskippable dialogue each time). The most frustrating part about this is that in almost every other situation in the game if you make sub optimal choices you have to deal with those choices not be forced to repeat until you succeed.Some features are not quite in the game yet as well. In game you can see two locked symbols for visual upgrades (different skins for characters). It mentions it is not available yet in game but I was confused at first and thought that meant I needed to progress further to unlock them.Overall I would rate the game a 6.5/10. It deserves the positive standing but does not quite garner the praise the picture shows above."
76561198057438152,Recommended,464150,35054368,Posted: 18 September,all,Hexxer,if you like tactics and a good rpgBest game ever xD
,Not Recommended,464150,32724804,Posted: 24 June,all,husky_m,"I bought it today and it crashes 3 times already, the gameplay is good but I can't have fun when I'm interrupted constantly, I fought 3 battles and the game just crash, with no backup save, so I have to do this all over again. I will edit this review when the problem is solved"
76561197998135672,Recommended,464150,33681886,Posted: 20 July,all,Remcycle,I love this game ^.^
76561198047685962,Recommended,464150,32011353,Posted: 27 May,all,bryan.knedgen,Great Game!
76561197993288786,Recommended,464150,32116464,Posted: 1 June,all,Invest,This game is really really beautiful and the humour is very good - Loving it!
,Not Recommended,464150,31853195,Posted: 19 May,all,Koulmaz,"Liked the game at first with it's colorful art and I enjoy my SRPGs but then once I started to get into it, it slowly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off to the point of rage-quitting.First, there's time limits on chapters and although it's not terribly punishing, it's somewhat annoying.In regards to that, I wasted 6 days trying to build up my relationship with a character only to realize (for some reason unknown to me) that none of those days added to anything. She was still at 0%. Which, would be fine BUT time is a bit of a precious resource. And yes, I made sure I was spending time with her on her personal bond days listed on the calendar.Combat is kind of interesting. There's zero healing in the game, only shield boosting. Which is different from your HP bar and some attacks go through shields so if you got a character low on HP well... hopefully they have a ranged skill.Battles have optional challenges which range from ""fun thing to mix it up"" to ""absolutely impossible"" One of them was to beat the stage with only 1 character. Which would be fine if it wasn't a 5 vs 1 match and your highest HP character has 900 HP and the enemies do 200 damage per attack.Just about every battle I was in was an edge of the seat ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t fest. The line of sight mechanic is bogus and infuriating. Unless you like not being able to target things one square in front of you cuz your ally is in the way. I understand not being able to launch missle attacks but when the character can cause an explosion with her mind, the person in front of her shouldn't ""block"" where she wants said explosion to happen. Dumb. And then you also can't target diagonally apparently when you have one in front and to the side. The characters are seemingly blind as bats. Additionally, if you've played xcom, you'll be sure to enjoy the amount of accurate MISSES you'll get from point blank attacks. Again. characters are blind as bats.There's also light base building and a fishing minigame which was aight. Real shame because I love the art style"
,Not Recommended,464150,32403962,Posted: 13 June,all,๖ۣۜAutopsi,The game is slow and forces you to do tedious chores. Fights are few and far between.
76561198016318236,Not Recommended,464150,31878793,Posted: 21 May,all,madoverlordstudios,"I wanted to like this game... I really did.As a huge fan of Tactical RPGs (FFT, Ogre Battle etc) I thought this is the game for me.But its not.The Bad:The writing is GOD AWFUL (I have read better dialouge on the back of milk cartons). The time limits are horrendus, the combats are not fun.The Good:The Artwork is amazing, the music quality is good. I give the team KUDOs for hosting a kickstarter and seeing it through to completion (In a day and age where more and more kickstarters take the money and run, the team needs to be commended for completing this).But for $25? It is so not worth it. Pease save your $$$ and wait for it to drop until $10."
76561198042585090,Not Recommended,464150,34497437,Posted: 25 August,all,Sahmosamson,"I really want to like this game. I really do. But the accuracy is TOO frustating especailly combined with the enemies that level with you and the battles that have to be won in a certain number of turns. I'm just dragging my party though these dull , frustrating, overly difficult fights just to get some cute dialog? Naaaah....."
76561198052527375,Not Recommended,464150,31858457,Posted: 20 May,all,PIT,"I am an old gamer,big fan of TBS- HOMM 1-5, King's Bounty, X-COM,Space rangers et.c. I was waiting for Regalia eagerly,but today,after playing of 13 hrs i am just disappointed. Start of the game was interesting,but so more you play,so more you realize,that this is not what you expected. I will continue to play Regalia,try to love it,maybe i will change my mind,but at this point i can not recommend it.PROS:Nice graphicsTB Battles are challengingCONS:Loading,loading,loading....screens appear all the time,they are quick,but neverthless-annoying.Main character during the battles is limited,primarily he is doing the job of healer(shielding). If he is killed during the mission after camping, where revival is still possible,all mission is practically failed,as other healing except during camping is not available in the game.RPG elements are not interesting,all the same for all,no feeling of improving your character as you like to.Loot is limited and boring.Town construction-just for the sake of fulfilling Kingdom's quest,otherwise at this moment i can not see any benefits from it, maybe later...Too much talking, quite childish..."
,Recommended,464150,32111828,Posted: 1 June,all,Koushin,Good game.
76561198025434087,Not Recommended,464150,31888936,Posted: 21 May,all,robertdrake910,"This game dissappoints right from the starting gate.  Our story begins with a mix of the old cliche ""you're the long lost heir of a kingdom"" and cliche ""you must earn money to pay off your family debts"".  The characters we are introduced to are almost immediately tiresome, to the point that you'll be wanting to skip cut scenes entirely.If you're looking for deep character customization, such as in Final Fantasy Tactics, you won't find it here.  You can make modifications to character perks and equipment, but the actual difference it makes is modest at best.  Your fighters will never be able to escape their pre-defined roles.If you want deep city-building, this isn't the game for you.  What we have here mirrors the amount of depth you'd get in one of those cookie-cutter browser mmos, where you place and upgrade buildings.  Less so, each slot in your city is for a specific building and can never hold any other.The best thing I can say about this game is that the tactical turn-based combat system is adequate.  Fights are moderately challenging and the diversity of skills amongst both characters and enemies is enough to keep it interesting.Overall, absolutely not worth the price.  Avoid this one."
76561198041400335,Not Recommended,464150,31887391,Posted: 21 May,all,matty1monopoly,"It's not as good as I want it to be. What it does well it does extremely well. But I hate the combat which is why I'm glad they have a skip combat button. I just wish that I could automatically skip combat. The other problem is the socializing stuff isn't deep enough for me, I don't feel like I have a connection with the characters, just that I talked to them and then I got a higher social link with them. Also the dialogue is wayyyyyyyyy too meta and comedic. It definitely takes me out of the game. The tavern is literally called ""Placeholder"", these kinds of things just break the game for me. Overall I do like what they're going for, it's just not enough to keep me. I would say that 99% of my problems with the game are nitpicks, not actual structural problems with the game. It's just this game is a death of a thousand cuts to me, sadly. Also the town building system wasn't as strong as I wanted it to be. It's just upgrade buildings to level 3 and that's it. It was rather bland, I was hoping for something more like ""King of Dragon Pass."" That's my ideal city management sim."
76561197969430631,Not Recommended,464150,34705505,Posted: 3 September,all,cash22,Great Idea but falls short.No healing and time limit to game.  Both of these things make it a refund for me.I really liked the graphics and the voice acting was good.
76561198032773979,Not Recommended,464150,31848898,Posted: 19 May,all,Gorillastache,"If you enjoy mediocre voice acting, tactics and dialogue than this is the game for you. Lots of better srpgs out there that don't bore you to death before you even get to combat."
,Recommended,464150,32180518,Posted: 4 June,all,No hope For humanity,"After a marathon on one playthrough, its really funPros:Writing is decent + funnyDeadline thing isn't that hardCombat is fun and the skill morphs are interestingCons:Deadline ( Some people dont like it)Diplomacy (a character recruitment limitation, requires 2 playthroughs for achievements or save file)SpoilerPost game = endlessFishing is repetitive but the rewards at times can squeeze out that spare dough for upgradesStory spoiler (General)You got stuck with a debt, hillarity ensues, as you attract weirdoes somehow..."
76561198061880713,Recommended,464150,32188050,Posted: 4 June,all,Federok,"Regalia had a big task ahead, i was going to be the game that would try to entertain me after finishing persona 5 (two time) and while the to are different games with very different budgets, i have to say that Regalia did rise to the task.First of all i find the writting really funny on the ridiculous level, the characters somewhat stereotypical had a lot of charm,  wich brings me to the top notch voice acting.Now thats it with the presentation the game it self is very fun. The combat is nice  while sometimes is very easy to enter on a battle that you are not prepared for, the party size is pretty good with 10 characters ( and two of those can be diferent depending on your diplomacy choices)Is worth to say that on the launch at lot of people complained about imbalance on impossible to win fights ( or really hards), must been patch since because i havent exprience such things any fight that gave problems was because i was using the wrong people or under geared (freaking cats)the reconstructiong side is pretty basic but its always a good insentive, i would prefer if the building changed a little wich new level of improvement but hey i understand that just a very minor thing. there is fishing, of course there is fishing what bloody game doesnt have fishing nowadays? i just a way to pass a day nothing more complex than that.the skill system is basic but interesting enought Each level you gain a skill point and you can chose from a pool of perks for the character, there general perks and character expecific ones and you change it at anytime outside combat.There is a calender with a two month limitation for each chapter, wich means that you will have to manage how you spend your time. Im not gonna lie im not a big fan of that machanic, i didnt like it on persona 5 and i dont like now but its not super annoying i enjoy the game regardless. The worst that could happen is getting stuck in dungeon with the wrong party member (always take signy or aliss dont make the same mistake that me)  near the deadline so make sure to have a spare save at the begining of each chapter.i haver to add there are some minor bugs here and there, didnt notice nothing game breaking just annoyancesAt the end i really enjoyed this game and im on my second  run so take that as you will."
76561198033586487,Recommended,464150,32057855,Posted: 30 May,all,Takoita,"What is this game?It's a an rpg with turn-based combat on a grid field. There are elements of base management, dungeon crawling and 'choose your own adventure', but the combat is the 'meat' of the equation, so to speak. You are tasked with completing 'x' tasks in 'y' of in-game days in order to not fail, although there is a fair bit of flexibility in terms of what objectives you can accomplish in what order.Combat gameplay manages to balance being both simple and complex at the same time, in my opinion. On one hand, there is no difference a unit's facing makes and the playing field is a flat table with some line of sight and movement blockers placed on it, on the other hand there is enough variety in field layouts, enemy types and player character abilities and their interaction between each other to keep it all engaging and challenging throughout the game.Party member customization does the same approach: there are no individual levels (everybody levels up as a group) and all characters have a predetermined set of abilities and stats, but there is enough room to customize your build with perks, equipment and character combinations to keep an enjoyable level of variety among the effective loadouts you can bring into combat.My biggest complaint here is the draconian party size limit - it's four in most scenarios, sometimes less. And there is no option to tag a party member out in exchange for somebody out of the reserve or some kind of reinforcement mechanic either. Reserve characters can't provide off-field support as well. I maintain that this kind of game would only benefit from being able to field bigger parties, or, better yet, the whole party at the same time.I also disagree with limiting times at which you can save your game - it is very easy to get locked into a half an hour or longer of tough combat to go through without any opportunity to quit the game without losing progress in between. Seems like a bit of a hassle and artificial difficulty that is completely unnecessary.UI seems a bit bare at a first glance, but is surprisingly functional in terms of what information is available at a glance or one click away. Some things could've been done better, but it is a solid job as is regardless.Music and sound effects don't irritate me, but they also don't stand out in my memory. Some songs sound pleasant to my ear, some leave me indifferent; overall my biggest complaint for the soundtrack is the lack of tracks - the basic combat theme is used for almost all fights, for example.VA work varies from okay to excellent. I think that in some cases the voice director dropped the ball; a couple of actors seem to struggle with staying in their assigned roles too much to allow for much range on their part, but otherwise I feel that it adds to rather than detracts from the experience, as all properly done voiceovers should.The story doesn't stand out to me as particularly engaging. It is one of those cases where the burden of success hinges more on characters and delivery in general than in the underlying plot, setting, themes and all that jazz. I feel the writing of said characters is good enough to do it in this game though.The narrative is generally humorous through and through, starting from loading screen messages and all the way down to tooltip popups. It is not an easy task to make a game consistently fun throughout its entirety, much less funny. I believe Regalia manages to accomplish just that though. You may or may not find the particular brand of tongue-in-cheek humour jell well with you, but the project lead and the writing team should be commended for a job well done on this front, in my opinion.Overall impression: worse than I hoped but better than I feared. I found this a surprinsgly enjoyable experience even if lacking in several areas (base management in particular feels vestigial). I would recommend it if the gameplay footage looks like something that might interest you."
76561198042768697,Recommended,464150,32073969,Posted: 30 May,all,howardwillard,"Engaging game play.Compelling storyline to the RPG parts of the game.Loads of humor (has me laughing out loud constantly) and unique characters with well developed personalities.Very interesting mix of tactical combat, RPG and city/kingdom building elements.Beautiful anime style graphics.Only downside for me has been the very high number of loading screens between zones. Far too many small zones with load screens between each.Of note: The tags say JRPG but I would venture to say that some of the humor and comments by some of the NPCs are not for very young players. Some swearing and sexual inuendo."
