user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011645610,Not Recommended,464340,32210473,Posted: 5 June,all,Stormaxe,"So I am a huge fan of the first two games. This game however is NOT like those. The first two were clever, beautiful, mysterious, and compelling. This one is boring, obvious, or obscure, The puzzles are either obvious, or rely on an object that you needed to pick up that you had no way of knowing was there, unless you happened to have been close enough to see it. This is not in anyway a good sequal to the marvelous games Syberia and Syberia 2"
,Not Recommended,464340,31296290,Posted: 22 April,all,Tatsumakisen,"It pains me to have to write this review but I still hold out some hope that what I'm about to say, will someday be addressed in the near future.As a huge fan of the series having bought numerous copies of the original on both the Xbox and PC, I had high hopes for this game; indeed fans have waited over 13 years for it.Starting out in some shady hospital/mental asylum Kate will once again find herself embroiled in the affairs of the Youkol (who featured heavily in Syberia 2), only to identify a plot to somehow disrupt their traditional ostriche migration. On top of this Kate discovers that she will need to avoid being captured by both the Feds back home as well as an unknown military figure the player is introduced to early on.What’s different here is that unlike the previous two games, Syberia 3 sees Kate Walker continue her journey without any clear direction. Whereas with Syberia 1 her mission was simply to gather the signature of Hans Vorelberg for her company’s takeover bid and with Syberia 2 following on directly, Syberia 3 uses the uncertainties as to how she first became admitted into the hospital after being discovered by the Youkol as means by which to start ‘a clean slate’ (at least as far as the story is concerned).This I found to be a cynical attempt to allow newer players into the fold without the necessary background knowledge, which is further reinforced by snippets of information provided during some of the loading screens which hastily try to fill the player in on the necessary details relating to the previous games (such as the relevance of Oscar and the pendant she wears). This I felt didn’t work primarily because it was never enough information for newer players to take in prior to initiating the game. The simple truth is that had I not experienced any of the previous games, I’d have had absolutely no clue as to what was going on for the first 6hrs of play. By contrast Syberia 2 had a video section that introduced the events of Syberia 1 in an easy to absorb package.In terms of sound the music is almost as good as the original with some pretty complex compositions, though some of the voiceover acting leaves a lot to be desired (the voice of Simon Steiner’s daughter for instance is a complete joke).Which leads me onto the game’s major drawbacks - its PC control scheme and optimisation.At the start of the game you’ll be informed that the game is best played with a controller but as if to stick a finger up at those who have already ordered the game, you will soon find that no matter what you try to do it will not recognise your controller. As such and as it currently stands the WASD configuration is a nightmare, and this problem is further compounded by sudden changes in the camera angle. Such is the problem with the default control scheme, that it’s difficult even to walk in a straight line.Now Microids could well have learned from the mistake Revolution Software made with the Broken Sword series here. After the gloriously animated 2D offerings of both Broken Sword 1+2, for Broken Sword 3 Charles Cecil decided upon the idea of bringing their game ‘up to date’ by incorporating 3D graphics and thus a 3D control scheme for the sake of 3D itself as opposed to the element bringing anything meaningful to a series that was already regarded as one of the best within its genre. Syberia 3 reminded me so much of the disappointment I found when first playing Broken Sword 3 because the game’s accolades derived from a relatively simple 2D mechanic, and for Syberia 3 to fall hook, line and sinker into the same abyss almost brought me to tears. It’s a terrible system, and the only reason I can think of for them to have committed this act is to entice console players. As an aside Revolution did later make amends and realised their errors with Broken Sword 5: The Serpent’s Curse, by incorporating 3D but nevertheless paying homage to what made the first two games so great.In terms of optimisation the game is poor. Though you’ll find many people that criticise the Unity engine for its lack of optimisation, in good hands the engine can work wonders, however it’s pretty obvious that Microids lacked the necessary technical know-how to incorporate the engine into its detailed world. Whether it was due to having had to accommodate the upgrade to Unity 5 or whatever, there are noticeable instances of slowdown throughout the game and certain instances where my character simply ‘vanished’.I’m going to end this review here because I’ve certainly gone on for far too long, and to be fair I’m deflated anyway. If you’re new to the series I’d still suggest you play the original games, though I can understand if fans like myself were to feel similarly let down by Benoit for his latest effort.To Benoit/Microids/Anuman if you’re reading this, here is a video appreciation I made for the original games and what they inspired in a great many people (I’ve provided a link to the relevant timestamp so you don’t have to watch it all). These things are all but absent in your latest offering.https://youtu.be/gCHpXrJjJEU?t=13m52s"
76561198048581574,Not Recommended,464340,31345867,Posted: 24 April,all,Kalimeris,"To start, I never leave reviews on games because I generally just... don't really feel strongly about the gameplay. I play a lot of adventure games. A lot of old point-and-click adventure games. I play and replay them.  I am a forgiving person when it comes to graphics, because I enjoy older games, and for me it's almost always more important to have a good story than it is for it to look amazeballs.The TL;DR is this: I don't recommend this game because it's 40 dollars, and for 40 dollars you should expect a game not to be broken when you play it.  If you can get it on sale, or wait until maybe they release some patches to fix the save issues at minimum, definitely wait.  (I am not the only person to have this problem!)I am a huge fan of the series. I loved Syberia I and II. I wanted to love Syberia III.The good: The story is decent. Mostly. So, I suppose I don't really understand the motivation of the antagonists, and that kind of grated on me as the story went on.  I get that they ARE enemies, and I get what they are trying to achieve... but I'm just not convinced as to why they've landed themselves in this desire to begin with.It doesn't really get better in that regard. But, some of the characters were loveable, and I did laugh quite a bit. I enjoyed wandering around talking to everyone I could, and overall I enjoyed the ""journey"". Despite the ""why even?"" of the enemies, I did feel sufficiently pressured at times to escape, so that was well done.The voice acting isn't great (in English? Haven't tried it in other languages) but that's another thing I could get over despite all the other things.What was surprising: Believe it or not, I didn't actually mind that you use WASD controls to move around.  There were times when it felt natural, and when the camera wasn't screwing me up, it was great.  I explain this below. It doesn't NEED to be point-and-click in my book, and this COULD HAVE been done very well. I mean, it WASN'T done very well, but it could have been.What was bad:Sweet mother of God, if this were Google these developers would have been fired forever.Reasons:My save broke when I was about 3/4 of the way through the game. Randomly. I made a point to make sure I followed directions. I waited until it wasn't auto-saving. I exited the game through the menu (Menu --> Exit). So then when I go to enter the game again, my save wouldn't load! It just hung on the black screen. I lucked out, that another user had something similar happen. Their solution was to start a new game, and load their old save from there. This worked for me too! Thank goodness. But then when I got back into the game, I couldn't leave the screen! So I reloaded again, and finally everything was okay and I could continue.^^^^^^^^^ This is a deal breaker for me. Everything else, and I was like ""Eh, okay."" This is the point where I said, outloud, ""Man, I shouldn't have bought this game. It's just completely and inexcusably broken."" I understand save corruptions, but if you search through the forums, you'll see a lot of people complaining about that same issue. This was the point where I very nearly lost an entire save -- and you know these point and clicks. They take hours. You try to talk to all the people. You don't want to have to do it all again because your save gets corrupted.But you have no way of saving a second copy of the file ""just in case"", because there is no way to manually save!! So you're just stuck hoping nothing bad happens to your only save.Anyway, another time, I got stuck in a scene where I couldn't leave the room. The camera wouldn't follow me, there were no clickable options. I had to reload the game and start the whole scene over again.And what even is this ""autosave only"" feature anyway? I don't understand why there isn't manual saving in this game. Autosaving is nice and all, but sometimes I like having multiple save files, sometimes I like to just... you know, save and go to bed and not have to wait for autosave to save my progress. The autosave is semi-frequent, but not always as frequently as one might like. And it's just silly -- this isn't a survival game, and there are no timed puzzles, so who cares if you have the ability to save on your own?The camera controls were weird. I felt like I was playing an older Resident Evil game, or one of the early Silent HIll games... you know. Where you're running down a hallway, and they suddenly switch up the camera angle and it screws up your running? And then you run into a wall, or the monsters catch you, or whatever? It's exactly like that. How many times did I go up a set of stairs in this game, only to immediately find myself coming back down the stairs? How many times did I exit and reenter a screen?  Anyway, this was only semi-annoying, as there are no chase scenes in this game. But seeing as other games have progressed past this, I'm not sure why this was the design choice they made. Aside from maybe not wanting to flesh out the scenery in all directions in order to give full camera control to the player. Like I said earlier, it didn't need to be point and click for me. But the camera was just all sorts of screwy and I don't know that a patch would fix this.Also, randomly? They use a lot of Russian in this game for signs and letters and documents, which is awesome! But a few of the documents ... weren't translated? Like you get this whole letter and there's just no translation, at least, there wasn't when I played. So, I got to put some of my rusty Russian skills to the test, but I imagine that would be annoying for other people.  So. Oops? I guess?"
76561197993476899,Not Recommended,464340,31687314,Posted: 11 May,all,owowg,"As a fan of the original two Syberia games, this is a hard review to write. Syberia 3 sat in my wishlist top 10 for a long, long time. Now that I've played the game, it will unfortunately not be added to my favorites list. It is both an enjoyable adventure game, and one of the worst adventures I've ever played.Positives:- Just like in the first two games you follow Kate on her travels through Russia with multiple stops on her journey. That's good continuity with Syberia 2.- Some of the puzzles are quite good. I love tinkering with broken machinery.- The music is incredible.- The jump to a fully 3D engine was a good move... in theory. Unfortunately that brings me to the:Negatives:- The graphics. It looks like the devs were not quite up to the task of creating a Syberia game in 3D. While some areas look ok, the majority of the locations are bland, lacking detail and not all that interesting to look at. You'll visit dull locations such as a boat, a hospital and decrepit buildings. Where is that special Syberia 1&2 ambiance and mystery? It is gone. What a downgrade!The facial animation was awful. A tragic story told by a stiff and motionless mask doesn't exactly evoke compassion. If you don't have a budget for facial animation, just don't use closeups ok?In spite of the subpar graphics, the game still has trouble delivering a smooth framerate. I don't know how much of this is the Unity engine's fault, but you better have a high tolerance for microstutter if you want to play this game.- I didn't like the story. The mystery of the automatons and mammoths & the quest to find and help Hans Voralberg. They're gone and replaced with....the Youkols; one of my least favorite things from Syberia 2, and now they're the main focus. In my opinion they're unbelievable, annoying characters I'd rather abandon than help. How they managed to survive for thousands of years is a mystery to me.The villains are only slightly less irritating than the Youkols. Why are they such caricatures? Why do they even want Kate?And the ending? I rarely felt so insulted by a game's ending. I did all that for THIS? Unsatisfying is putting it mildly.Speaking of the ending, there was NO music during the credits (!) And why didn't the game have a beginning? For a game coming out 12 years after the previous one a recap would have been nice. Now the game just sort of begins.- It didn't help that the voice acting of most characters was bad. The voice actress who returns as Kate Walker does a good job, but the rest?""Took took"" didn't sound like an indigenous person asking a question, but rather like some bottom of the barrel voice actor reading his line out loud incorrectly. And the recording supervisor was ok with it.The Steiners were the worst. The old father sounded like a bored 20 year old, and the daughter like an emotionless google-translate voice synthesizer. Awful.- The controls. THE CONTROLS!!!! WHO thought it was a good idea to make a controller almost a requirement, in a sequel to one of the most well loved PC point & click games of all time? Nothing less than an insult to long time fans. It screams lazy console port.And even playing with the controller feels uncomfortable, because Kate gets stuck on everything! She bumps into every little thing laying on the ground requiring a detour. Stairs are a chore to navigate, because Kate is apparently 90 years old and sllllowly approaches each stair and even then sometimes refuses to take the first step until you position her jjjust... right.The inventory is also a nightmare to navigate with a controller. Slowly going through each item one.. by.. one.. everytime you want to find an item. Excruciating. What is wrong with a good old inventory-bar at the top of the screen where you can see all your items at once?- There were a couple of very unfair puzzles. One of them was a classic pixel hunt where you had to find a hidden box that contained a crucial item. Another one required the use of an item in inventory when it wasn't even made clear or even remotely logical that said item should be used.Coal cart- Bugs and performance problems. The game was patched twice while I was playing it, so I'm not sure how much of this still remains in the game, but oh my.... was this even playtested?I already mentioned the microstutter. There's also: insanely long loading times. (Even for looking through a telescope!) Items appearing in inventory that shouldn't be there anymore. Controller becoming unresponsive requiring game restart. Halfbroken puzzles.In summary, somewhere in here is a Syberia game with some fine puzzles, but it's buried beneath a mountain of annoyances, bugs and bad decisions by the devs. When you look at it without the Syberia name, it's a way below average adventure. And I'm sorry I have to say that. Big adventure games such as this should be cherished these days. But there are limits. Syberia 3 crossed that line for me. Unless you are a diehard fan who just wants more Kate Walker, I cannot recommend the game."
76561198296763520,Not Recommended,464340,31310299,Posted: 22 April,all,rhan.howe,"I really, desperately want to like this game because the story is compelling, the environment is interesting, the music and voice acting are great*, and I want to see where that goes. Like most people who have reviewed the game at this point (just after its release), I enjoyed Syberia I and II immensely and had high hopes for the next installment of Kate Walker's adventures. The hype and trailers were promising, so I happily shelled out the $40, expecting another great cinematic game.However, gameplay is TERRIBLE. The camera angle changes frequently and unexpectedly...and changes your controls with it. Even once you get accustomed to WASD being relative to the camera rather than the character, you can't account for the fact that the controls are slightly different in each camera angle, so you have to mentally step out of the game and focus on the controls in every second. Worse, the proximity triggers for interacting with people and objects are fairly narrowly defined, so exploring a scene is arduous. Even when you're interested in the story and have a clear objective, it is nearly impossible to execute, much less enjoy.This is also linear gameplay at its worst. Kate (your character) can walk up to a box, identify that the button doesn't work, find the instructions for fixing it, and tell you that she needs something to act as a screwdriver. You see a knife sitting on the table next to her, but you cannot interact with it until you walk away, talk to another character, and have him tell you to look around the room for a tool. In another early instance, Kate can identify a problem with  a key, inspect it and tell you what's wrong and what needs to be done...and then refuse to continue with the puzzle until she has conversed with her friends about the problem and *then* inspected the key in that order. She doesn't tell you that she needs to converse, only that she needs to inspect the key (even if you have already done so). The conversation is the same whether or not she's looked at the key, and it doesn't help her identify the problem, but the game requires that order of events. When solving puzzles, you can never be sure that your solution or instincts are incorrect; you may just be smarter and faster than the developer wants you to be.The game actually penalizes you for doing well. It's infuriating!Dialogue is also a chore. When you choose to speak to someone, a small wheel appears with short prompts about the direction of your response. However, you can't always scroll or interact with the wheel to choose a response, and may have to reboot once or twice before the game recognizes your mouse for inventory or dialogue. That wouldn't be so bad except that you have to read the prompts, guess what that means Kate will say, and weigh how that might influence the conversation (she's being interrogated at the beginning and hooked up to a lie detector, so this is important) while your conversation partner badgers you to give them a response every few seconds.I hope that these are issues that Microids will be able to patch in the next few months. Unless that happens and you can verify it in later reviews, my strong recommendation is not to buy this game yet. Especially if you loved the first two Syberias. Wait until Microids has made some serious patches.*In French. The English dub is like every C-rated 1980s kung fu flick you've ever had the pleasure of viewing while inebriated."
,Not Recommended,464340,31268614,Posted: 20 April,all,KamilZm,First impression:Too many problems:(- invisible mouse cursor (small white circle isn't visible on the white backgroundhttp://i.imgur.com/waidics.jpg)- keyboard don't works in the fullscreen- terrible control via keyboard- can't skip animation- can't speed up dialogs  (by click)- long loading time- bad optimized- Xbox 360 controller doesn’t worksI don't recommend this game atthis time. Wait for big patch.
76561198038483587,Not Recommended,464340,31282241,Posted: 21 April,all,Paprika,"I've been playing for around 3 hours. I do not recommend this game at this stage.. The amount of visual and audio bugs is huge. I hate the keyboard control. Kate can't go basically anywhere, she bumps into every single thing. That's really annoying:I Animations (especially faces and mouth) are robotic and stiff. I'm sorry but this is not what I was waiting for:( Not after so many years. I will keep on playing, because I love the series, but I really hope for some quick patch...I'm disappointed :("
,Not Recommended,464340,31990797,Posted: 27 May,all,Tachyawn,"It breaks my heart a fair amount to write this review. After spending over 20 hours in this game (and writing a full walkthrough for it), I am sad and disappointed. I was a fan of the original Syberia game back in the early 2000's, and enjoyed its sequel, too. I waited over a decade for Syberia 3, but it did not deliver.WHAT I LIKED:- The gameplay largely felt like it did back in the first two games. It brought back a bit of nostalgia.- The graphics were slightly updated, but the style was very true to the series.- We got totravel with Oscaragain, which was a fun throwback.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE:- The controls were extremely clunky. I can't count the number of times I walked up and down a set of stairs because no matter which controls I pressed, I'd turn around and walk back where I came from.- The inventory system is inefficient. I'd much prefer a system like we saw in Syberia 2.- I found it frustrating to rely on auto-save points, rather than manually saving your game.WHAT THOROUGHLY DISAPPOINTED ME:- We barely get to delve into the world of automatons and wonderful creations like we did in the past two games. The town of Valsembor slightly reminded me of Valadeline, but it was quite boring, to be honest. Mr. Steiner's clockwork shop would have been a great opportunity to explore automatons more, but we barely got to explore it at all.- The plot was confusing at best, and boring in reality. It has little to no relevance to previous games, but still relies on knowledge from the previous games to get the background of the Youkols and other minor plot points.- The English voice acting is simply terrible. Monotone, emotionless, and awkward. I hope that it is better in the original language of French, but that doesn't help me much.- I felt no emotional attachment to anything or anyone. The first two games pulled at my heartstrings during a few times. This did none of that. I know I was SUPPOSED to feel something during a couple of the theoretically tense scenes, but I didn't. I simply did not care about the characters or what they were going through.Last, but not least, the game ended on a cliffhanger but regardless, I don't really care to play another game. Unless they brought back that SPARK that made the first two games lovely and emotional for me, I can't see how this series could turn around.This is one of the greatest disappointments in my gaming career. A very sad review to write."
,Not Recommended,464340,31290502,Posted: 21 April,all,Micheal2,"Only buy this game if you are a fan of the series or it is on a good sale. The story is good but, the gamplay is medicore at best. The controls make you want to pull your hair out. The lip sync is for the french version so you will feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ watching them talk. Buyer beware. $40 is alot to ask for this very unpolished game."
76561198129378314,Not Recommended,464340,31579006,Posted: 6 May,all,Intrator,"This game is just must not be played by anyone. And here I will try to describe why. Microids, please read this text below.First – the game look. Many critics are saying that it is an industry trends to make game in 3D in 2017. And maybe Microids really thought so while making this game. But guys, this is bull♥♥♥♥♥♥ Take a look at Inside, Unravel, Little Nightmares. These products prove that it is possible to develop astonishing games in 2,5D with good selling indicators in 2017. Syberia in 3D became non-point-and-click game anymore. Movement mechanics now require controller or WASD, and their support is implemented very poorly. But I’ll return to this topic a little bit later.First two parts of Syberia had brilliant graphics for that time. Backgrounds were so beautiful detailed. And moving the sequel in to 3D made an audience waiting even more beautiful graphics. But no. The picture is just crappy. Water looks awful. Face animation is just like in “Mass Effect Andromeda”. Shadows just freaking me out. But the worst case is cut scenes. Pre-rendered video resolution is even lower than the resolution of the main game. Can I ask you why?Second – gameplay. Character control is absent. At all. At the beginning of the game, there is a disclaimer that it is better to use controller. Guys, PC gamers don’t like to stroke nipples of console controller. They have keyboard and mouse. You made one of the clumsiest Console-to-PC port ever. BTW – many people say that navigation with controller doesn’t solve the problem.Camera is doing everything to not to show you what you want to see. You developed it this way to make a reference to the original two parts and to show the beauty of the locations. But it’s just annoying user and makes gameplay even worse. Nothing more.Oh yes, locations. You made big locations to make the world larger and more interesting. But this is also not working in this game. Locations are empty. Nothing happens in this world. Rare NPCs do nothing there. Guys, this is not a GTA. There are absolutely no fun in traveling around these locations. Mostly because of control and camera problems. 80% of Valsembor are not needed at all. There are no any quests of valuable dialogs on its streets. And the only their goal is to annoy user making him run across.Third – bugs and optimization. This game is made of bugs. They are everywhere. Problems with textures, problems with screen scale, sound interruptions, inventory problems, sometimes you even can’t go further through the story because NPCs don’t interact with you according to the script. Huge fps drops even with g-force GTX980 and download screens last for up to 1 minute from SSD. Microids, you are the developers and the publisher. You are the product owners! You have a full control on your releases. If you have lots of TOP issues you can move release date a little bit. No one was forcing you to release the game on 20/04/2017. Ubisoft delays release of “South Park: The Fractured but Whole” already twice. For sure, it is a little bit disappointing for me, but from the other side, I know that on 31/12/2017 I’ll receive a product with a perfect quality.Fourth are the quests. Here will be some SPOILERS!!!!Game doesn’t make you wish to solve them. They are simple and sometimes stupid. It is seen that you tried to make them more tricky but you chose the wrong way. Instead of making the tasks more complicated, you’ve made more complicated the way these tasks needs to be solved.Let me explain my statement. At the very beginning of the game, we need to repair locker button to get out from the Hospital room. Button is located in the iron box placed on the wall. The lid of the box is screwed. Also there is a knife on the table. Why? Why can’t I just grab this knife and use it as a screwdriver??? This is ♥♥♥♥ing obvious thing! But you’re making me look on the side of the box and see the stupid scheme there… Why? To make this quest more interesting and complicated? This is not working. In the Siberia 1 there was a perfect quest to make a cocktail. The task was to find vodka, blue curacao, honey and lime. Sounds simple. To make this quest more interesting you’ve brought in to game a massive shaker machine. And it took some time to figure out how it is working. It was really fun to solve this task. And how the same quest may look in Syberia 3? I assume it may be as follows: you need to get a job, earn money, go to the market place, buy vodka, blue curacao, honey and lime, stood in the line on checkout, take a taxi, go back to the hotel and finally drop everything in to one class. Cool enough…Underwater lockers quest. Could you please tell me how the ♥♥♥♥ did the locker chain get in to the wrecked ship outside of the harbor? Did someone dived, grabbed a chain out of locker and brought it on the ship? Or it is a very universal chain that applies to the locker and also presented on every ship as a mandatory mechanic part?Saving Kurk quest. Kate grabs the radio from the helicopter. Then for some reason she is going in to the hospital’s hall and hides in 5 meters in front of colonel and his soldiers. Guys, this is a ♥♥♥♥ing wireless radio!!! It can work outside of the building on a long distance from the other radio. Why she went inside of the hospital to use it and call colonel? And how she didn’t get caught?Next, Kate made Kurk an injection of some unknown potion to wake him up. Really? Some strange women gave Kate some strange liquid and Kate makes an injection of this strange staff to one of the most important character? Go and make yourself an injection of pineapple juice next time you got sick. Let’s see what will happen.And after all this delirium we see the most idiotic cut scene ever. Kate and one-legged Kurk meets colonel and his soldiers right in front of elevator. And how do you think, is there a chance for a lady and a handicapped dwarf run out from the three huge military mans armed with automatic rifles standing 3 meters behind them? Off cause yes! Kate and Kurk on one leg easily get out of the hospital and colonel sadly says that they underestimated her. Underestimation indeed. After this crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥I deleted the game. My wife was able to finish it, but I couldn’t.And now we finally get to the fifth point - story impressions. No story here. First two Syberia parts told us about the man’s dream coming true. Kate as a lawyer was chasing Hans Vorarlberg to get his signature, and Hans was chasing his childhood dream. At the end of the first part, Hans shared his dream with Kate, and she accepted it. She completely changed her live because of one old men and his journey.And what we have in the third part? Youkols save Kate from the death and bring her to hospital. Then Kate understands that some colonel for some reason chasing youkols and want them to stop to lead a nomadic way of life and to settle down. Youkols don’t want to settle down and want their ostriches to have sex in some place very far away. Locals don’t like youkols. Youkols can’t do anything by themselves and it’s strange how they are able to get food and dress. Kate does everything for them. And at the end don’t even get any appreciations.Why colonel wants to settle down youkols? We’ll never know. Why Kate thinks that it is bad for youkols to settle down? We’ll also never get the answer.As a result, instead of a touching story about chasing a men’s dream we have a strange thing about infant dwarfs and xenophobia. Maybe you thought that this is a very actual topic and it will be interesting to everyone? Well, it is not!This game is the biggest disappointment of the year. Of the last 13 years! I’m very upset that I bought it. But this is not about the money. In Russia it costs 17.3$. It’s about my time and my childhood memories. Time is much more valuable to spend it for this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ And I want to keep my memories about Syberia as in was 13 years ago, without this crappy continuation."
76561198160633748,Not Recommended,464340,31276065,Posted: 21 April,all,delanogarner,"Not ready for Steam. Unfortunate, because Syberia 1 and 2 were incredibly awesome experiences. The voice syncing is bad, but the navigation and player perspective problems make it unplayable for me. Hopefully, it's better on the other platforms. Also, the experience may be better when using a controller (Although not needed for 1 and 2)."
,Not Recommended,464340,31310766,Posted: 22 April,all,Jon,"Although I've only played for a couple of hours thus far I can definitely say that it's still very rough around the edges. So much so that they probably should have delayed it further. Starting with the issues I have thus far:Negatives- Movement/interaction: It's extremely clunky, especially on keyboard/mouse. Sometimes it completely breaks as your character moves on her own despite input.- Camera angles: I know they probably are a staple of previous games but they just don't give any good or useful angles and are even contributing to the problem of movement. It simply would have been more appropriate with a 3rd person camera like that of e.g. Life is Strange or any of the Telltale games.- Lip syncing: Aside from often being completely out of sync sometimes there's not even any voice at all for speaking characters.- Voice acting: Good for some characters, not so much for others. Dr. Olga's voice e.g. does not fit her looks.- Optimization: Frame rates can dip down to 40 and 30 FPS even on high-end hardware.- Overall lack of polish: One example of this is in Dr. Olga's room near the beginning of the game where it's just completely silent. No sound effects, no music, not even any footsteps from your character. Sound design could really use some work throughout the game.- Poor logic in several puzzles: It's easier with an example (minor spoiler).As you visit Mr. Steiner in his shop he has a heart attack and you have to get him his medicine with haste. He will gladly complain about you not finding his medicine if you look at the wrong stuff but he simply won't tell you where to find it (why?).Ultimately it becomes extremely contrivedand you end up having to spend half an hour or more finding that you have to turn back a clock to a random time in order for it to make tea and add pills to the tea which you can then give to Steiner...These types of illogical puzzles are just tedious and should be left out in my opinion.There are a couple of good- and potentially good things however:Positives+ Mechanical puzzles: Unlike in any other game I've played this is a very interesting and unique gameplay mechanic.+ The game doesn't rely too much on previous storyline which means new players to the series (like me) can get into it. Though I was confused a couple of times who Oscar was. Like in Dreamfall Chapters, they should have added a recap video of the previous games at the start.+ Music is good:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpFwrvuaGdc+ Dialogue wheel: I always love having choice in what the protagonist says. Even if it's just an illusion of choice.Last wordsI will comment further on the overall story and characterization after I've finished the game. Thus far it's unfortunately not all that intriguing for me but Kate Walker is a fun protagonist so I hope it'll get more interesting.These were just my first few hours of impressions. Given these, I do not recommend the game currently. Especially not at €40, unless you're a hardcore fan of previous games. For everyone else, wait for it to be polished and reduced in price.I hope none of this discourages the developers. You guys got something good going on here and with a couple of patches many of the issues could be remedied."
,Not Recommended,464340,33143713,Posted: 2 July,all,lizziedream9,"Wow, I didn't think it could be done but they did it. They made a far worse, even less satisfying game ending than Mass Effect 3. I actually yelled ""WTF?"" at my computer and tried to click ""continue"" when I got to the main menu thinking there has to be more, but no. I can't believe I paid $30 for this game. I've been a fan of Syberia since 1 was released and I have been eagerly awaiting Syberia 3 since it was announced years ago. Words cannot express how disappointed I am. I'm torn between being angry and heartbroken. Forget the bugs, all I care about is story and this... this... I wish more than anything that I could get my money back. I've never wanted my money back on a game as badly as this."
76561198007091223,Not Recommended,464340,31380828,Posted: 26 April,all,edgy.rhinx,"I used to love the series, but this sequel is weak.1. The story is not engaging.2. Plagued with performance and technical issues.3. Fixed camera is outdated and inconvenient.Personally, I abandoned the game after 10 failed attempts to go up the stairs at the metro station. One needs to approach at just the right angle to make it work. Devs, we are not in 1990 anymore - you have no excuse."
76561198071118750,Not Recommended,464340,31272572,Posted: 21 April,all,Voomy,"It pains me to say that this game really isnt good. I completely loved Syberia 1 and 2 but this one is just horrible. I cant really say much about the story because the gameplay is so extremely bad that it's pretty much unplayable.Im not one who cares all that much about awesome graphics but the animations in this game is so bad that it hurts my eyes. The one thing they should have put some extra effort in, Kate Walker herself, is pretty much a joke. Just looking at her walking gives me a headache.I really cant recommend anyone to buy this game, not even hardcore fans of the first two games."
76561198348029265,Not Recommended,464340,31262804,Posted: 20 April,all,Justin_760,"I am very dissapointed with this game. Its main gameplay aspect is puzzles, which are mostly tedious and bland point and click sort of interactions. They are not clever or rewarding like good puzzle games are, and theres no sense of accomplishment when you complete them. Hiding an obscure item in a room and making the player navigate with a clunky movement system and even worse camera system to find said item, and click on it, is not a puzzle in my opinion. And in the first 2 hours of my play that is basically 90% of the gameplay so far, wandering aimlessly back and forth through the rooms of a building, scouring and searching for something to click on to further progress in the game. Somehow the devs thought that people would enjoy having to find lost items all while fighting with the camera to navigate the tight corridors and rooms.If the story was compelling, or the characters were even just half interesting, I would probably put up with the mediocre gameplay. Unfortunately the animations and voice acting are so terrible that I have had absolutely no interest in the central conflict of the plot. Its hard for me to get emotionally invested, or even mildly interested in a character when they talk in monotone and robotic ways all while looking like an antique mannequin with their jaws dropping up and down in a disturbingly mechanical movement. The characters who are not essential to the story, bystanders etc, have terrible voice overs. Not only is the writing sub par for the dialogue, but the voice actors speak the lines with no personality, often in horribly artificial and unnatural ways. Like that kid in school that would read in an empty and uninspired tone during popcorn reading.Considering that character interactions are solicited as one of its standout features, I simply cannot fathom how or why they decided to skimp on the animations. It makes no sense in a story heavy game. Considering all youll do the entire game is walk around and talk to people, youll be seeing quite a lot of the unacceptable animation quality. For a game in 2017, it is in my opinion a complete travesty to slop and half♥♥♥♥♥a game to this degree. Especially such a beloved series. The devs clearly threw this game together with near broken mechanics, and most gameplay aspects archaic and aged.They keep selling Benoit Sokol as a mastermind genious of some sorts, considering his name is slapped on every video, image, or poster of the game. I fail to see the genious, as this game is very shoddy and slopped through. Even ignoring all the technical and gameplay blunders, the game still falls into mediocrity with its plot. It is lackluster and uninteresting and has failed to grab my attention or interest like the past installations did. It still, albeit barely, has the Syberia charm that people have come to love from the series. However they made the mistake of banking on nostalgia alone, and relying on that to carry the game through the crap fest of other issues it has. No matter how much I loved Syberia II, the nostalgia and affection for the series cannot undo the missteps and shortcomings of this collosal let down. Truly a dissapointment.I wouldnt recommend this unless you are a die hard Syberia fan, or if you want a laid back and slow pace click adventure game. I emphasize CLICK because 90% of puzzles in the game are click here click that interactions disguised as puzzles. Sadly they take little wit or smarts to solve and typically take luck and trial and error with using the esoteric and clunky gameplay system.5/10I am refunding the game. $40 isnt a whole lot of money, but it feels wrong to give my money away for a product that is half finished. It feels like an early access title, and it probably should have been. If you dont mind unpolished alpha games like EA titles then this game will most likely be easier for you to handle. Considering they had 10 years to make this game since the last one, yet it barely feels or looks any better than the previous title, is shocking. Also considering the legacy of the series, it feels like an insult that this game is so hollow. Truly a missed opportunity and quite a shame."
76561198026070185,Not Recommended,464340,31289320,Posted: 21 April,all,Dragunova,"This game looks and feels like it's never been through any kind of QA process.You don't even need a QA process for the issues of this game - you simply need to apply common sense.First, on the main menu you have a white cursor on a snowy background. My first impression was that there was no cursor at all in the main menu. How could anybody not notice this issue?Then, the graphics are OK for an adventure game with 2 strong previous titles and an emphasis on story. But the controls are absolutely horrible. You don't know how long to press the movement keys in order to make a certain number of steps.And the biggest issue here is that the game lags and looses FPS while moving.My PC is i7-6700k, GTX 1070, 16 GB RAM, SSD Samsung 850 EVO, a configuration which is able to run recent games at 1080p resolution max details with no problems.However, Syberia 3 does't. So it's clearly a engine optimization issue.So the summary of my review would be: I'm puzzled how people who created this game did not see these obvious things."
76561197995372382,Not Recommended,464340,31275662,Posted: 21 April,all,Dragon,"Very disappointed..Screen scrolling poor, controls bad and when combined with changing camera views, you can end up walking into and then straight back out of a room if you keep a key pressed for a bit too long. Can take numerous attempts to get Kate to go where you want her to. Animation and synching poor, can't run on fullscreen - limited to 2560*1440. On my PC 4.6Ghz, 16GB ram, Titan X Pascal this should run silky smooth especially considering its an adventure game not a FPS but unfortunately it doesn't. PC owners have not been looked after in this latest release. Will be requesting a refund and then may try later when on sale and hopefully patched to run better and resolve all the gameplay issues."
,Not Recommended,464340,31330929,Posted: 23 April,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"am a straight to the point person.Game too buggy,Unoptimised from 60 fps to 30 to 45 to40 to 50 to watever jumping infinitie number you can think of.Lip sync AWEFULGraphics BACK TO 90sanimation Broken. Movment is very sad and bad like a crippled robot.no love in the game. just waiste of talent and money to milk the frenchise.terrbile audio dialogs doesnt belong to the game.So sick of rushed and non polished games.THUMBS DOWN ! DO NOT BUY"
76561197971239165,Not Recommended,464340,31340584,Posted: 24 April,all,Ken_Tucky,"I had been waiting for this game for several years, but what a disappointment it is.I quit this game after playing for half an hour.The interface and keyboard/mouse-controls are just terrible.I thought this would be point and click like the previous 2 games, instead they made a game that seems to be only for game consoles and not pc.Maybe it's better to play with a controller, but that's not my style.So many years in the making, what a shame."
76561197998343816,Not Recommended,464340,32121274,Posted: 1 June,all,Frisbeeman88,"This game was a complete disappointment. It didn't hold a candle to the other games in this franchise. Bad camera, Bad movement. All-in-all just an unconfortable game to play. Not nearly enough puzzles, and the puzzles that are in the game seem to be an afterthought to the ""beautiful artwork."" This game is not worth the $40 i spent on it. I would say this game is worth no more than $15 in my opinion.I expected more..."
,Not Recommended,464340,31469699,Posted: 30 April,all,nos4atugoddess,"Very disappointing. The game mechanics are absolutely terrible for PC playing, and the game itself is more like a very expensive interactive story instead of an adventure game. The game is very glitchy and unless you are really good at manipulating your computer settings, you may have trouble playing it or opening it at all. The game has little to know graphics setting to play with to make the game run soother either. It's all or nothing. I'm disappointed because the first two games in the series were beautiful with a great story line. This game feels cobbled together and clearly was developed around the scenery and not the game play or mechanics or even the story. Since it was so long since the second game was released I'm confused as to why the designers decided to release it when it so clearly needed more thought and working. All in all, I would not spend the money on it if I could go back and do over."
,Recommended,464340,31280962,Posted: 21 April,all,kyriores,"+ Great story+ Great environments+ Great puzzles+ Great soundtrack+ Decent length (~12 hours)- Bugs that force you to restart the game- REALLY clunky controls, both with and without a controller- Some hotspots appear after completing certain tasks- Abrupt endingSince the majority of its flaws could get fixed with patches, I'm not going to give this a negative review. You might want to wait a bit before buying it though."
76561198157335910,Recommended,464340,32738400,Posted: 24 June,all,parker1212,"Hey Gamers - It's exciting to see that Syberia 3 is on Summer Sale and I can tell you at this time IT IS WORTH BUYING!  Especially fans of the series - you can't miss it - and you will LOVE it! I'll let you all know I'm a huge fan of Syberia 1 & 2 and waited many years for this game and I did purchase it on the release date in April. At THAT TIME I was not at all happy (you'll see negative reviews and comments from me around these boards and I don't regret them because they helped to get Microids to fix the game. When the game came out it was almost totally unplayable as point and click (I'm a PC - Mouse fan!) and people were also saying they weren't having much luck with controllers. Anyway - I trudged through quite a few hours of the game back then and was so unbelievably frustrated with it that I gave up. I still HOPED so much that Microids would fix the problems, because not only did I spend $40 on the game - I still REALLY wanted to play it. And now that Microids has recently released the PATCH that enables you to PLAY WITH YOUR MOUSE! YAY! The game is indeed point and click now - it is absolutely playable AND more importantly, ENJOYABLE. I started all over and I am now about 3/4s of the way through and I am very much into it - I really love it. In fact I like it better than Part 2!  I'll give a few Pros and Cons:Pros:- Kate - is voiced by same actress as previous games and that is delightful!- The graphics and scenes are excellent- interesting and pretty.- The locations to explore are great - some better than others  - I'm loving Baranour... ;)- An OLD FRIEND comes back and its very nostalgic and good for the heart and soul :)- The story CONTINUES where Part 2 left off - no surprises. Story is excellent - what it should be.If you played the previous TWO games - there are references to the Voralbergs all over the place!- Point and click mode - you can play with your mouse!- The puzzles are intuitive and fun - I only rarely need to consult a walkthoughCons:-  Some of the voice acting is lame - like and old guy has the voice of a young guy; and the Youkols have weird, goofy accents, but I got over it. Its not a deal-breaker.-  Although now easily playable in point and click mouse with just your mouse - there are still some issues controlling Kate - i.e she keeps running past your target or in circles, but its not oppressive, nor a deal-breaker. You still can play the game rather smoothly - a minor annoyance.- The load times between scenes are pretty long - i.e. between 15 seconds and almost 2 minutes sometimes - that's my biggest annoyance - but again, not a deal-breaker - maybe Microids will fix that too.Anyway - I believe if the game was released today, in as good, near excellent working order, it would have garnered stellar reviews!  I believe that if you haven't already purchased it, you should and you'll enjoy it (its nice and looooong, too!) and if you tried before the fix and walked away - I'd same come back and give it another go. Pretend it your first time and maybe even update your prior reviews if you enjoy it now!  We now have the game we should have had at launch and I'm thankful for that. Maybe a second launch date is in order?  :)"
,Not Recommended,464340,31323843,Posted: 23 April,all,C@TR00T,"A lot of work has been put in this game and yet it fails to entertain. Good soundtrack and interesting artwork are buried under clunky controls, unpolished graphic engine (texture glitches, lack of model antialiasing, issues with character models animation) and 'flat' sound positioning. As a result, magic of Syberia disappears instantly.This is a good example of advanced technologies and 'cool features'  ruining the atmospere of game series. I'm sure that authors could make their new 'vision' work well by dedicating more efforts towards implementation. But they did not do it.Refund."
76561198144305951,Not Recommended,464340,31659316,Posted: 9 May,all,nikhil.mehral,"Not what I expected it to be. Compare to first two games this game is not upto standards. Game was buggy, story and puzzles were mediocre. Not worth the wait!"
,Not Recommended,464340,34569975,Posted: 28 August,all,RavagerOfDreams,"Syberia 1 & 2 are amazing games, but the matter of the fact is that Benoit Sokal is somewhat talentless at game design and on this one, it REALLY shows. There are tons of bugs, the graphics, while kind of pretty, are nothing spectacular (why on earth they focused on making next gen graphics for an ADVENTURE GAME rather than making a good adventure game is beyond me), the choice to redevelop in order to port to the Nintendo Switch means the PC controls are all manner of ♥♥♥♥ed, and even the story, a hallmark of the other games in the series, is completely devoid of emotion and any depth whatsoever. The puzzles are either ridiculously easy or absurdly hard and the terrible controls make everything that much harder.Benoit Sokal is normally good at making things look beutiful but has always struggled with actual game design. He should be a game artist, NOT a game developer.This isn't the first of his games to suck♥♥♥♥♥either: I played both Paradise and Sinking Island and I hated both of them. I hated Paradise from the first few minutes of the game and barely played it at all, but I played a good 3 or 4 hours of Sinking Island before I had had enough of the terrible dialoge and ridiculously bad overall design.Benoit, Syberia is a great world you have created, but please stop making games, or hire someone else to make them while you produce art for them. Because you SUCK at game desgin."
76561198073587007,Not Recommended,464340,31970968,Posted: 26 May,all,Lone Adventurer,"As owner of the two other Syberia games this game was a must have for me.I now regret that i bought this one, it is unfinished, buggy and the story line is not as you should expect from a ""Syberia"" game and a worse ending.Adventures don't use controllers! Because they are most of the time PC-Players.They went here for the quick money, due to the fact that the console market is a big one.My advise is not to buy this game.It is not that good anyway. Syberia and Syberia 2 are 9/10, for this one, I cannot give more than a 4/10.If you still want it, for the ""series"" sake, wait till the price is dropped below the 5 euro's"
76561198040058393,Not Recommended,464340,31608228,Posted: 7 May,all,fuckyou1234,"Brief review of Syberia 3.It sux.The clunky game play isn't much improved over the original series - technology has advanced in the last decade, where were you?The puzzles do not advance the story, they stop it.Scene transitions are interminable.And I feel that the creators are abusing our affection for Kate Walker, the only motivation being our wish to follow the story, with an incomplete narrative and not terribly rich environment.Since Steam has a no questions asked refund policy, it's a good way to buy games."
76561198042773039,Not Recommended,464340,31281627,Posted: 21 April,all,d1i9a9z2,"This is a mystery game, which is fine. No combat. fine. Mostly cutscenes. fine. But bad voice sync in a game that is 100% dependant on dialogue and  cutscenes, not fine. Clunky contols, getting stuck going up and downstairs, are you serious ? Soundtrack is horid with excemption of two songs, the world is bland, even at 4k 60fps still looks bland, beautiful settings. I tried to grind thru it to the end but, no , I will not, 5 hours into this game, and I can say whithout spoilers its not worth it. Instead of making sure you guys had multiple languages, you should of picked one , make subtitles in stead , and actually spend time on the quality of your game. Game is unplayable at times, sometimes it will hit single FPS in towns, I crank down the settings to 1080p on Gtx 1080 and same thing happen."
76561198098000251,Not Recommended,464340,31362248,Posted: 25 April,all,VG-C | SilverGrouwl,"My only review is that the developers should take a very long hard look at all these comments and fix all (or at least most) of the issues infesting this game right now. I like many so wanted to enjoy this game, and I'd love to give this a thumbs up, but as it stands right now, I can't justify getting this game at full price until all the bugs have been fixed. It's great the developers wanted to try things differently with this game, but as it is they should've stuck with the point and click formula of the first two games."
76561198021856321,Not Recommended,464340,31364506,Posted: 25 April,all,lovemachine,"-Unoptimised-Cluncky controlls-AWEFUL camera angle-Terrible voice acting, voices don't fit the characters AT ALL-Lip sync failI feel scammed."
,Not Recommended,464340,31570756,Posted: 5 May,all,Quiet Siren,"Ugh...just ugh.  6.1 hours which includes a boatload of AFK from being so frakking frustrated with the clumsiness  of the worst controls I've ever had the joyless experience of ...well can't even use the term ""navigate"" because that would be giving far too much credit.Had I *any* notion prior to buying that ""experienced best with controller"" I wouldn't have spent a dime -- definitely not what you want to read after ponying up the money for the game, and opening it up.Imagine my frustration when 99% of the time spent in game was trying to throw the protagonist around like a zombie -- oh wait, zombies actually can move in a manner that makes sense.Dialogue is terrible, and the scene transitions feel so capricious that I was getting pre-navigation stress syndrome becuase after bumping around like a blind fish who has been dropped into a new pond every time I tried to make a move the next thing I  knew I'd be transported back through some scene that I had just been relieved to have blindly bumped my way out of.Ugh. Ugh. Gak. Ugh.6.1 hours of my life that I will never get back.  Best thing about this game? The scotch that I was drinking when AFK!"
,Not Recommended,464340,31312735,Posted: 22 April,all,lordmechanic,"Well after 3 hours in I can tell you this...The game needs to be played with a controller.  I tried the keyboad and the controls are an awful mess.  Much, much easier and more intuative using a controller.So far the story seems...ok.  The voice acting is attrocious. I mean most of the voices sound like no one told the actors they were playing foreign characters.  Everyone sounds like the're from California and you're supposed to be in Russia somewhere?  It's really laughable how bad it is.  The only decent voiceover is the woman reprising her role as Kate Walker.I don't know, I guess I'm glad I bought it but $40 seems a little much.  Maybe $20 would have been more palatable.*Update 06-21-17*Just finished the game and all I can say is ugh. I could go on a rant but no. Just ugh is all I have to say.  This game is so poorly done it's a disgrace."
76561198032050025,Recommended,464340,34595916,Posted: 29 August,all,shotgunn66,"If anybody reading this is a fan of the first two games give this one a try and don't listen to all the negative reviews.  Out of love for the first two games I shrugged off the negative post and gave this a shot and was not dissapointed.  A lot of people complained about the controller controls and I don't for the life of me see why, especially if you have ever played a Telltale game, its very similar.  The story line is a bit different/darker than the originals but with the visuals, soundtrack, writing and voice acting I very much felt like I was enjoying another long awaited Syberia game.There are only a few things about the game that were annoying, but nothing major.  One being camera angle switches, as I said before I played with a controller so when the camera would change so would the joystick angle so if you don't adjust fast enough you might go back to the screen you just came from.There are some video and audio syncing issues but not enough to make me care.Lastly there were some puzzles that felt a bit like pure guesswork, where I didn't have many clues to go off of or the way the puzzle was completed with the clues I found did not really make sense.  For the most part they all made sense but some left me scratching my head as to how that made any sense.Overall this game is every bit worth any price you pay for it.  I am quite shocked it continues to get poor reviews, my guess is because people waited so long they expected something better?  I don't know.  I thought this game was great! If you like the other games this will not dissapoint!"
76561198080250864,Recommended,464340,34300673,Posted: 16 August,all,davvero,"I'm one of those devoted fans who'd been patiently waiting for the 3rd part to be released, and I do recommend it despite the numerous issues mentioned by the fellow players.While I understand the frustration of the gamers who found the new controls annoying (I felt in a similar way when I launched the game for the first time), I can say that I don't at all regret giving the game a second chance after the release of the point-and-click game mode. It literally resurrected the game for me. Earlier, I'd found it quite hard to operate Kate's movements, especially in the puzzles involving tools, and that was quite disappointing. But my most recent gaming experience was absolutely enjoyable.I did have a few troubles with Kate's movement once or twice, but it didn't spoil the excitement of the puzzles and scenes that come after the grim scenery of the Valsembor clinic. The town and every other location after it (that I won't describe to avoid spoilers) are implemented in an amazing way. On multiple occasions, I was like, ""Oh, that's THE old Syberia I'm playing now"".I wasn't bothered by the quality of the graphics at all. Once again, I sympathize with those who feel disappointed because they had expectations, that's your right to expect something from the creators. Personally, I'm very satisfied with the release after the latest fixes, and while some more things could definitely be improved, I loved playing it and I felt like it was an intense journey.About the plot, I have no feeling of dissatisfaction at all. It was nice to see the influence of Hans's genius in other parts of the land, it gives some backstory and I don't see why not. Making a Part 3 is always a risk, and in my opinion, the creators team has rather succeeded than failed. Like many others, I waited for a long time, and I'm satisfied with being now able to play another episode where the atmosphere and the style of the original are well preserved. I wasn't nostalgic about the old game when playing; I _recognized_ the feeling, and it was awesome. This release has definitely given closure to my long wait. (It's a bit worrying that we need to wait for Part 4 though!)The soundtrack deserves a special mention. I would play through the entire game once again just to listen to it and to feel how the change of music proves that I'm on the right way. Amazing job by Inon Zur, as usual.Syberia 3 now has lots of negative reviews. Give it a chance guys, it's not a waste of time."
76561197975583215,Not Recommended,464340,31435411,Posted: 29 April,all,Jontos,"One of the most frustrating games I've ever played, a majority of the puzzles' difficulty lies in understanding exactly how the developers wanted it to be solved, or running around like a maniac because the NPCs refuse to do even the simplest task themselves or telling you where to go.Game is extremely unrewarding, story is uninteresting, and they even managed to lose the wonderous feeling of the earlier games world and complex mechanisms."
76561197994722169,Not Recommended,464340,34492741,Posted: 25 August,all,mdwill03,"Wow.  13 year wait for this.  Should have kept waiting.  What the hell was that ending? Can you even call that an ending?  Bugs galore and just boring.  Another poster said the characters lacked personality, and I completely agree.  I loved the first two, and I'm not one to hate a sequel due to the love I have for it's predecessors.This game was just... bad."
,Not Recommended,464340,31286707,Posted: 21 April,all,Rymorea,I played point and click games till fllopy times. I preorder but hate myself now. Devs must be drunk when they writen codes.This is the most buged game ever I try to play. I can not refund because time passed. Dont play if you pre-order untill any patch done if not refound immadiatly.Stuck some where trying play more then 9 hours and give up and saw that some patient players also stuck and write same point at bug section.From now on waiting patch :( We are not the beta testersEdit : After another 9 hour I need to write some oppinionsI learn how to pass the bug sections here it is my tests-- if wall disapear or not able to use stairs close game open again and change graphics quality some time more then 2 times try it works-- if some click point not shown or not working close game change fullscreen to windowed some time more then 2 times try it works-- some points you need to change resolution to see click points cause of camera angles-- some time stuck walking near walls or tables crates change windowed fullscreen modeand finally get more cooffee be relax and dont give up to try cause story realy goodhave fun guys I hope patch comes asap :)))
76561198061769646,Not Recommended,464340,31454277,Posted: 29 April,all,bias99,"I so wanted to like this game as I loved the first two and while the graphics, sound and story were what I had hoped for the the mouse and keyboard interface are abysmal. I spent most of the time bouncing Kate Walker off walls and other objects trying to get to the objectives and the mouse sensativitiy is not adjustable so you overshoot the object you want to select. The other minor fault would be when dialog trees occur, you get two seconds to consider an option befor the person starts nagging for a response. Still going to complete the game and hope they tweak the navigation for better PC use to make it more like the point and click it should be."
,Not Recommended,464340,31458165,Posted: 30 April,all,OBookman,"I'm just so sad to see a Syberia game disappoint me so deeply.ProsNew object manipulation systemConsEverything else, no seriously everything else sucks, the story is bland, the inventory system sucks, the character animations suck, graphics are really bad, the NPCs are badly written...This is a big mess."
76561198172613714,Not Recommended,464340,33758171,Posted: 23 July,all,Nafaei,"As of right now, this game is a bear to play. I absolutely love the franchise, and I was so excited to play the newest installation and catch up with Kate Walker's antics, but there are just a few things that I cannot look past with this game.Firstly, the control scheme is atrocious. I don't mind that the developers have steered away from the traditional point-and-click style of the first two games, but I do mind that the controls they replaced it with are touchy at best. This game was designed to be played with a controller, but the sensitivity is extremely low and unchangable. The laggy controls make it almost impossible to complete timed puzzles, causing the player endless frustration before even leaving the tutorial level. The recent update added the point-and-click option, but I haven't had a chance to try it out, so I don't know whether it works as intended either.Secondly, the loading screens. are. ridiculous. It is so hard to make forward progress with the game due to the sheer amount of time the player spends on loading screens. To boot up the game, you wait through a loading screen for anywhere between 2 and 10 minutes. If you go into or out of a building, or any other major scenery change, you wait through another loading screen for 2 to 5 minutes. There are several areas in which you have to leave a building (another 2 minutes loading) just to walk 10 feet and enter another area (another 5 minutes loading, longer if there is a cut scene directly upon entering). And if you are unlucky enough to enter an area accidentally and have to immediately turn around and leave, you get to sit through the full loading screen twice. I don't know how the developers decided to partition the active memory space, but obviously it doesn't save recent areas, because you shouldn't have to wait 5 minutes to reload an area you just left.Thirdly, there is no usable save mechanic. The developers have decided to rely solely on autosaving. This is an understandable choice, as they tried to implement more meaningful interactions between the player and NPCs (dialogue choices affect a character's disposition/willingness to help you), and autosaves make these choices more impactful. However, the autosave feature is ineffective in that it only autosaves after ""important"" events, so if you want to close the game and have already solved half a puzzle, but not reached a check point, you will be set back to the last autosave and have to re-collect any necessary items/re-solve the puzzle.Smaller qualms are with the unpolished nature of the dialogue. The subtitles often do not match the actual spoken lines, there are many typos in the subtitles even when they do match, and the dialogue has odd pacing and often skips.I really want to like this game, but I have no motivation to play it as it is so difficult to deal with in its current state. I really wish the developers had stuck with what they knew and kept clean controls with a meaningful story rather than experimenting so much. The fact that the game is so unpolished even after being postponed for so long really makes me think that the developers bit off more than they could chew. While it has nice graphics in comparison to the first two games, the animations are approximately the same and it is nearly unplayable because of the control scheme."
76561198086613604,Not Recommended,464340,31982110,Posted: 26 May,all,AyBRK,"This game is an insult for the legend of Syberia. Not enough puzzles, very bad camera, terrible controls and bad graphics that requires good system. As a very big fan of Syberia, after some time in game, I hardly convince myself to finish the game."
,Not Recommended,464340,33995631,Posted: 3 August,all,TaktiskT,"- Graphics and animations looks like straight from 2005 (in a bad way).- Controls are downright horrible (mouse for turning dials(?!?))- Gameplay with no option for skipping through dialogue and no way of fast-travel throgh the (beautiful, but empty) world.- Voice-acting (for english, I wonder if it is better in french?) is bad with no immersion- Story is *meh!* (specially ending)- Puzzles are ok in design and complexity but fail in implementation beacuse of crappy 3D-engine and the aformentiond controls.I cannot but wonder if this would have been a much better game in a 2D-enviroment similar to the first 2 games...and released shortly after. As of now, it is a bad implementation much to late."
76561198294715378,Not Recommended,464340,31500999,Posted: 1 May,all,BladeDraconis,"THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS!I'm going to start by saying that I am VERY conflicted here. Syberia is my favorite adventure series of all time and I really want it to do well. However... I just cannot recommend it at this point. Halfway through the game I was willing to leave this chapter a positive and mildly threatened my friends to do the same. I closed my eyes on everything mentioned by the community:- mediocre story- terrible controls- all-wrong voice acting- and robotic Kate WalkerBut as I progressed through the game, I became more and more frustrated with, well, everything.Loaded up the original Syberia just to double check myself... and I'm sorry... 2002 Kate Walker had more emotion than 2017 one. I'm not going to comment on the graphics because I feel like they were purposly nostalgic. The controls are terrible though. Camera doesn't follow you where you need to go. Sometimes, characters don't voice out the subtitles. Cut scenes are glitchy and the loading time is abnormally long. And that's AFTER the patch was released.Yet, despite all that, I was mostly hurt by the story. Sentimental, yes but I cried when Oscar 'died' in the series (something I never do in game). His death was symbolic and meaningful. How exciting it was to see him back.... oh wait! Except, the scene was completely emotionless and he was needed to operate a vehicle no one else could. Just as he was needed to do the same in the end and then was discarded like a piece of garbage.And what ABOUT the ending? I never really cared for the Youkole tribe but character wise, it just makes no sense. Kate's whole mission was to help them but they abandon her, when she is the one in need of help? REALLY?!? What made you go in that direction? Possibility of Syberia 4? I highly doubt it will see the light of day after all the feedback on this one. So thanks for leaving me with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥feeling that Kate Walker will be rotting in jail or some asylum for the rest of her life! Real cheerful.I'm not sure what happened here, but so much could have been done with this game and it just failed as much as it could."
76561198045676923,Not Recommended,464340,32698444,Posted: 23 June,all,lemon,"source:http://steamcommunity.com/id/tachyonic/recommended/464340/#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorIt breaks my heart a fair amount to write this review. After spending over 20 hours in this game (and writing a full walkthrough for it), I am sad and disappointed. I was a fan of the original Syberia game back in the early 2000's, and enjoyed its sequel, too. I waited over a decade for Syberia 3, but it did not deliver.WHAT I LIKED:- The gameplay largely felt like it did back in the first two games. It brought back a bit of nostalgia.- The graphics were slightly updated, but the style was very true to the series.- We got to again, which was a fun throwback.WHAT I DIDN'T LIKE:- The controls were extremely clunky. I can't count the number of times I walked up and down a set of stairs because no matter which controls I pressed, I'd turn around and walk back where I came from.- The inventory system is inefficient. I'd much prefer a system like we saw in Syberia 2.- I found it frustrating to rely on auto-save points, rather than manually saving your game.WHAT THOROUGHLY DISAPPOINTED ME:- We barely get to delve into the world of automatons and wonderful creations like we did in the past two games. The town of Valsembor slightly reminded me of Valadeline, but it was quite boring, to be honest. Mr. Steiner's clockwork shop would have been a great opportunity to explore automatons more, but we barely got to explore it at all.- The plot was confusing at best, and boring in reality. It has little to no relevance to previous games, but still relies on knowledge from the previous games to get the background of the Youkols and other minor plot points.- The English voice acting is simply terrible. Monotone, emotionless, and awkward. I hope that it is better in the original language of French, but that doesn't help me much.- I felt no emotional attachment to anything or anyone. The first two games pulled at my heartstrings during a few times. This did none of that. I know I was SUPPOSED to feel something during a couple of the theoretically tense scenes, but I didn't. I simply did not care about the characters or what they were going through.Last, but not least, the game ended on a cliffhanger but regardless, I don't really care to play another game. Unless they brought back that SPARK that made the first two games lovely and emotional for me, I can't see how this series could turn around.This is one of the greatest disappointments in my gaming career. A very sad review to write.nothing more to say. the end is awful, you cut it in the middle of the game.the controlling is terrible, still with pointing with the mouse. there are some spots, where i have to use the keyboard.inventory is dumb.the only good thing is the soundtrack.i preordered it to get a full game, but it's not even the half game for the price of a tripple A title.wow, you know how you can grab our money easily!"
76561198032261537,Not Recommended,464340,31634328,Posted: 8 May,all,SW,The failure of 2017.
,Recommended,464340,35150377,Posted: 23 September,all,✪Psycho,"A worthy successor to the Syberia series, with a good storyline, interesting puzzles and a very good OST.In other words, it is just what I expected from this installment, to continue the legacy left by the previous two Syberia games."
76561197998977029,Not Recommended,464340,31389264,Posted: 27 April,all,Haruko,"I own 188 games on Steam and this is the FIRST time I have ever requested a refund. And, I have NEVER waited with so much anticipation for a game.  I played the first two with my son who, despite being exclusively into violent games, enjoyed the games as much as I did. They are some of my favorite memories and I was looking forward to making new ones.  The main problem I find with the game is that it abandoned the point and click navigation that the first two games used.  The moment I realized I had to navigate with my keyboard, disappointment set in.  Using the keyboard completely ruins a games emersion.   Further, I like to play in the dark and my keyboard is pushed under the desk.  So if I need to look for a key, it's quite a nuisance. And that's before even considering performance issues...which this game has a mountain of!  I encountered problems moving immediately and struggled to get close enough to a hotspot for it to activate.  Once I conquered that task I was immediately faced with another   very next one did not respond to a command.  I was clicking where I was supposed to but could not get a screw to turn no matter how many different ways I tried.  I was dead in the water.  After reading this site, I found others were having similar problems.  I believe these problems come down to the developers overreaching.  In an effort to make this game for other platforms outside of the PC, they had to abandon the point and click navigation.  I have seen this before with similar unfortunate results.  Third person adventure games should be point and click, period.  As they say, “If it’s not broke, don’t fix it!”"
76561198041368788,Not Recommended,464340,31673812,Posted: 10 May,all,Detective,"Grossly overpriced for the valueUnessessary back storey...horrifying controls...I felt the game was thrown together because of the fan pressure.  Once completed, I very much felt ""ripped off"". I expected good value for my good money. Play Edith Finch.....half the price and twice the game."
,Recommended,464340,32907205,Posted: 27 June,all,Sirisian,"I played the first two a while ago and loved them. This is a very fitting addition and hope to see a continuation. Maybe I've played too many puzzle games, but I found the puzzles to be fairly obvious. I'm not sure the circle over everything was the best game design choice. I would have preferred no UI at all with clickable items possibly designed to stand out slightly with a changed cursor. It felt like the game walked you through stuff a bit too much. That said the story was nice to follow with a good set of characters.The settings in the various locations felt very well designed both from a gameplay perspective and artistically. My only critique is it might have been nice to see a few more steampunk or automaton elements. I felt like it didn't bring that feeling of complex engineering back.(Ignore the timed played. I had it minimized playing casually between other things. Felt like 15 hours maybe total which felt perfect).I only had one bug that forced me to reload. Character got stuck running in a loop, but other than that and a few navigation issues it was fine."
76561198017243702,Not Recommended,464340,32764674,Posted: 25 June,all,veronica.harrison,"Very Frustrating.I cannot recommend this game as, although I love Syberia 1 and 2 and was excited for this new game, I simply cannot enjoy it. It takes ages to load and I now have a bug I do not seem to be able to bypass so I have given up, yet again. I think I've installed and uninstalled about five times. The mouse makes gameplay better, but Kate is still hard to manouvre. Very disappointed."
76561198041105968,Not Recommended,464340,34539251,Posted: 27 August,all,TiagoPadua,"The controls and camera angles are so bad that I could not play for more than 40mins.Asking for refund, unfortunately.I was so hyped for a modern Syberia, after playing the 2 previous... what a disappointment. =("
,Recommended,464340,31904952,Posted: 22 May,all,Sidea,"I normally wouldn't review a game after only putting in 7 hours, but due to the reviews so far I felt obligated to speak up.Let me address the elephant in the room first: Yes, this game is in need of fixing. It's buggy, it lags, the frame rate is all over the place, the graphics occasionally get really messy, and the controls need some work. I have a PC controller, which the game recognizes because it changes the command signs to contoller symbols when I try to use the controller, but the controller doesn't work. So I'm playing with keyboard and mouse. It's clunky, but certainly not as bad as others have made it out to be. The problem isn't with the keyboard controls being complicated (they're not), the problem is entirely with game responsiveness. That can be fixed in patches. I believe that if we wait for this game to get patched and we can stop complaining about technical issues that the game will succeed. As it is now I'm able to play it and get fully immersed in it without being too distracted by bugs. No bug has made any task impossible, it is playable. And I have almost entirey good things to say about it other than technical issues that will probably hopefully get resolved in time.If you're upset because you were expecting a point-and-click game, then take a deep breath and relax. It's still basically point-and-click. The ONLY difference is that you move Kate Walker with directional keys instead of the mouse, and you have to use two hands to play. This is designed so that the game works on consoles so it sells more and reaches a wider audience. It's not complicated, and once the technical issues get worked out the game will be easy to play. Don't be afraid of the new format - it's not THAT much different.Now onto the game itself! You really do need to play the first two games to appreciate this story - otherwise the story might feel a little disconnected and dry. Go play the first two games - they're classics for a good reason! Excellent games! So far this game fits in perfectly with the first 2 games, picking up right were 2 left off. If you're here for the story, you're here for the right reasons. It has my full attention and I'm thinking about it when I'm not playing it. I'm not far enough along to make better comments, but I'll update this review once I beat it. I'm toally happy to be playing Syberia again!!!The puzzles are typical of Syberia, only there is more depth to solving puzzles now because you can interact with objects more. For instance, you have to move around parts and levers of a machine to make it stamp a paper, where as in the last two games you would have just pressed the stamp and it works. I'm really enjoying this. It's like I'm actually Kate and I have to operate a machine myself instead of letting the game do it for me.The voice acting is just as silly sounding as in the first two games, and that's okay. It's part of the charm of the game series. If this bothers you that much then you probably will be bothered by the slow moving story and puzzles, the story you have to pay close attention to, and the fact that this isn't a AAA action game. I like it as it is - it's funny and endearing to me. If these things bother you then this game just isn't for you. This game does have a certain type of gamer in mind, and it's not for everyone. But I LOVE it.If you're a fan of the first two games, you owe it to yourself to play it! Don't be afriad of bad reviews over technical issues or the fact it's a point-and-click adventure game (know what you're getting into!) It's so refreshingly awesome so far.UPDATE:Now that I have finished the game, I can say more. There were a couple of updates since I wrote this review. The game can now be played entirely in point-and-click mode (mouse only.) After this update I felt as thought the keyboard controls worked a little better too, but I no longer had to navigate stairs to test them out.Controls:3/5. I like having the point-and-click or controller options available. They're not smooth, navigating can be a chore at times, and depth perception is off at some points so you can't actually tell how far you need to run to turn a corner or pick something up. But the controls are the biggest problem with this game, and they're not enough of a problem to ruin my enjoyment of it. If you can look past them, and you should be able to (especially with the point-and-click option now), then you can get into this game.Story:4/5. I like the story. I like the set up of traveling with the Yukols on their migration. The characters make it fun, the places they go are interesting, and the situations that need to be solved (while ridiculous and makes the Yukols look pretty helpless at times) make for some good puzzles. The only reason for docking one point is because some parts of the story are just TOO far-fetched. I enjoy the ridiculous fantasy elements in the Syberia series. I enjoy the slightly over-the-top aspects. But there were a few points in this game that were a little too over-the-top, and I couldn't continue to suspend my disbelief for them. Also, there wasn't enough character development of the bad guys, who were not good at their jobs, lol.Puzzles:5/5: This game was easier than the last 2, so if you're looking for a big challenge you might be disapointed. I only had to use a walkthrough once, and it turned out I was actually doing the right things and wasn't far from figuring it out on my own. But that said, the game didn't leave me frustrated or annoyed. Some adventure games have puzzles that are arbituary and you only solve them by guessing, and I get annoyed with those types of puzzles. Syberia 3's puzzles were ones that made logical sence and you could think through them. The quality was very good, but the challenge level wasn't high enough for some gamers. I'm okay with it - I was able to enjoy the game without frustration. I was able to stay in the story instead of forgetting everything going on because the puzzles took way too long to figure out. The creators were certainly creative with the puzzles in this game! Obviously some puzzles were weaker than others, but overall great.Voice acting:3/5: Kate and Oscar were the only two good voices. All the other ones were ridiculous. The voices didn't necessary fit the age or look of the characters. I'm not bothered by this at all - I thought it gave the game a funny charm. The Yukols were done well, I thought. This isn't Lord of the Rings where a brand new language was invented for these people - this is a simple game with a very quirky group of nomads. I think quirky voices and vocal mannorisms were very fitting.Graphics:4/5: Once I got used to the style I grew to like it. It feels a little underwhelming at times, and the choppy cartoony-realistic look made some environments that could have been gorgeous look like a late 90's cut scene in high resolution. But the clarity, style, detail, and art was overall very good.Locations:5/5: Great variety of places to explore, each of them really interesting. The first town you end up in is supposed to feel large, so there's a lot of scenes you can wander through. You don't actually need to ever go through some of these scenes, though. It ends up being tedious walking around that town when there are only a few places you need to go. But I'm not docking a point for it beause it did make the town interesting and gave a good scense of where I was in the world. I honestly though all of the locations were fun and had a lot to offer!Overall:4/5.I really enjoyed it! It's a refreshing adventure game in the same spirit of the 90's and early 2000's adventure games I loved. It has faults, but looking at the big picture, this game is very enjoyable for what it is.The faults are forgiveable, and the adventure worth it!"
76561198029164034,Not Recommended,464340,31497203,Posted: 1 May,all,contact,"Addendum: I'm getting close to the end, and I've spent a lot of time on this game. The storyline and characters are wearing thin, and the Youkols lack of effort on their own behalf is disturbing. I won't spoil the ending, but, it feels really painful, not at all what I had hoped when I so delightedly purchased this game...This was a hard review to write, because I still am on the fence about recommending it. I chose in the end not to, for the reasons I list below, although I'll play it again and again and manage to love it. I also appreciate the tremendous work and effort it took to produce the game, and I'm grateful for it.I'm an original fan of the series, and I played both Syberia I and II in the point-and-click days. I'm missing those days, frankly, because I'm playing on a PC with a xBox game controller. Word of warning to all folks on a PC: if I had to use PC controls, I'd be bald by now tearing out my hair. Just try not to go there. PC'ers, do yourself a favor and get a game controller. Keep your hair.That being said, here are the enjoyable parts, first:- Love the graphics, the characters and the beauty of the environment.- Love the continuity of Kate Walker, Oscar and the folklore of the Youkols- Loved Oscar's resurrection (sorry that's a spoiler folks!)- Happy with the choice between playing just for the story with prompts or more like the older adventure games that don't give you lots of direction.- LOVE LOVE LOVE no action sequences that are badly grafted onto an adventure storyline. No dying, no freaking out racing time, no breaking my keyboard buttons mashing frantically, none of that miserable BS. (I'm looking at you, Sherlock Holmes - The Devil's Daughter). THANK YOU DEVELOPERS, from the bottom of my pointy little heart!!!Now for the not-so-great.- Buggy, buggy, buggy. So far, I've managed to overcome various barriers like the game refusing to boot a saved game beyond the walking ostrach icon. Clipping paths gone crazy. (Oscar decides he hovers in mid-air instead of using a ladder.) All the journals and stuff to read are BLANK. I'm still working on that one. Had to replay several times to trigger certain events that got 'stuck', like putting out my torch in the tunnel. And all these little gems happened AFTER the latest patch. Like, an HOUR after the latest patch was applied. (I'm on auto-update).- The voice acting. Listening to Olga (I'm American here folks, betcha could tell the moment I started typing) with a midwestern American accent was really disconcerting.- The language translation itself was a little rough. Spots in the game still had the wrong language showing as dialog choices, not the English I was playing in. That looked like another bug.- The HORRIFIC game controls. I longed for the day of pre-rendered graphics, I'm telling you.- The camera angles. I can't tell you how many times I walked up and down the same staircase, cursing my fate because of the perspective switch.- The odd plotline. The old mystery was gone; now it's just migrating and being chased for somewhat mysterious reasons. I *think* it's because a) Olga hates the Youkols and think they need to stop being who they are; and b) well, I have no clue what the military is doing chasing Kate Walker. The private investigator I get. The other folks, not so much.- I really hate that it looks like it was developed for game consoles first and PC as an afterthought.I waited 13 years for this, and although I'm happy it finally arrived, I recommend folks coming to these titles new, go play I and II. I think you'll be happier with those titles first. Unless you're a diehard fan of this series, this title may not be worth the effort."
76561198137806883,Not Recommended,464340,31554089,Posted: 4 May,all,eric_isbananaman,"Really? That was it?Syberia 1 & 2 were 2 of my all time favourite games so I very much wanted to love this game but sadly did not. At least I waited until it had been patched  and used a controller so did not have too many tech issues. I enjoyed playing it a little bit as I do love point and click adventure games in general but it was still lacking so much in the way of a story and way too short it was hard not to be disappointed.  That ending truly sucked!! I even said out loud ""is that it? Really? Wtf?""I paid for a full game and feel like I got episode 1,2 and 3 and am waiting for  another 2 - 3 chapters in a series. So very disappointed. Or worse am I expected to wait god knows how many years to finish the story? If so then I am sadly out of this waiting game pal!!. Thanks for ruining Syberia for me. You had 13 years to get it right and this is what you give your loyal fans? Why dont you just roundhouse kick me in the face instead or maybe a sharp whack with claw hammer to the eyeballs? Seriously it would be far less painful than the experience of this game.Advice: Wait til its on sale cheap. Not worth the price. Feel ripped off."
76561198004065416,Not Recommended,464340,31303431,Posted: 22 April,all,jackiefm,"I am unfortunately so disappointed. I waited years for Syberia 3. I really like the point and click. I commend you for trying the 3D but your graphics are not up to par with faces and voices. I can't navigate. Kate runs into everything and it's next to impossible to figure out how to use an item from inventory. I don't need a weekend to play this game, I need a month at this rate. Please develop a patch for this! I don't want to feel like I wasted my money."
76561198206043565,Recommended,464340,35152684,Posted: 23 September,all,gTc Snakeeyez,"The experience of the game is full of surprises and nice puzzels not hard nor easy for the user, graphics looks very nice and the characters really knows their places in the story. Music has a nice sound and keeps the user entertained with the things that are going on.One thing that i will say is that the game deserve to be played.The story is preatty interesting, the migration. With all that been said i recommend the game."
76561198354166340,Recommended,464340,34802143,Posted: 7 September,all,samK,"I just finished the game, and with everybody's complaints about this game, I expected it to be much worse, but I actually really enjoyed it! I am a HUGE fan of the original Syberia games and this one did not disappoint me! The controls are a little weird to get used to at first but once you get used to them, they're not bad. The controls kind of remind me of The Room controls (you have to turn your mouse to turn a key, etc.) and I actually liked it. The voices also threw me off a bit at first but I was able to look past it after a while. For anyone who was debating on whether or not to get this game because of the mixed reviews (like I was), I would say definitely get it if you are a big fan of the old Syberia games. Crossing my fingers for a Syberia 4!!!"
,Recommended,464340,35151273,Posted: 23 September,all,Artamess™,Beautiful music that surrounds perfectly the whole environment. Kate has unique and vast personality since you can choose to be rebel or silent and sincere in interactions with the NPCs. So far I enjoy the game and it made me curious about the whole Syberia trilogy since this is the first one I play.
,Not Recommended,464340,31522662,Posted: 3 May,all,mandouh,Big name. Big deception. This is an adventure game that drags and drags for ever. Aufull voice acting and silly puzells. I so sorry that Syberia ends this way.
,Not Recommended,464340,31737118,Posted: 13 May,all,kristiofca,Unplayable with the terrible movement controls. Don't bother unless developer fixes this game changer. I loved the previous 2 Syberia games; this one is ruined by the rush to get published.
,Not Recommended,464340,31437463,Posted: 29 April,all,EuroSong,"The update did NOTHING. The mouse is STILL glitching and disappearing.It's still impossible to use this game with a mouse. I was excited to see that there was a recent update, and I was hoping that this issue had been addressed. However I just tried the game again today, and there was no change.The mouse cursor (circle) still keeps disappearing when hovering over interactive areas, and when the ""action ring"" pops up, it's still impossible to accurately select the action you want, because the mouse keeps DISAPPEARNING and GLITCHING.The ""refund"" button is looming closer and closer....If this is not fixed within 2 weeks of when I purchased the game, I'm giving up."
76561198306672213,Not Recommended,464340,31474066,Posted: 30 April,all,kennethhessing,"No good experience!After release I couldn' t start the game - also after the first patch I didn't play the game for a second. Two times I asked for a refund, but you will walk against a wall of bureaucratism.Although I wrote that I didn't played the game for a second, support/refund replied that I had played the game for more than 20 hours!!?? As if I want a refund after so many years of waiting for the game or"
76561198263585746,Not Recommended,464340,31739292,Posted: 13 May,all,Stone N Bones,If you are after a traditional Point and Click adventure game like the first two Syberia games then stay away from this game. THIS IS NOT A POINT AND CLICK GAME! I wasted $56 Australian dollars on this and it's not what its been promoted as. So disappointed.
76561198306539086,Not Recommended,464340,33461351,Posted: 11 July,all,Audrys,Crashes after new game before reaching anything interactive.
76561198267801937,Not Recommended,464340,34811563,Posted: 8 September,all,mri90,People have already mentioned the good and the bad points in this game so I keep this short:+ Music+ Graphics+ Kate's voice actress is the same- Tons of bugs- Controls are messed up- Poor voice actingI really loved Syberia and Syberia 2 but this one is a major disappointment.I'm glad I waited for a big sale since the game isn't worth of 40 €.
76561198034545992,Not Recommended,464340,31831865,Posted: 18 May,all,female protagonist,Good story but absolutely awful interface. Kate gets stuck on stairs and in other places. Needs a lot of work to make it play smoothly.
76561198125561358,Recommended,464340,35089953,Posted: 20 September,all,Zesty of Xeniphers,"my best friend and i bought the game when it was on sale with the point and click feature already applied. the game is delightful so i can't really understand all the negative reviews. it is the same lovely Kate we used to love, the same mysterious atmosphere, with stunning graphics and beautiful music. i highly recommend this game especially if you can get it when it is on sale since its price is a bit high otherwise. love, love this game and hope there will be part 4."
76561197973866826,Not Recommended,464340,35349026,Posted: 30 September,all,怠惰なヒョウ,Nothing like the old ones. They definately should have sticked with point and click instead of that 3D nonsense
,Not Recommended,464340,35493764,Posted: 5 October,all,Stravagante,"This game is a huge dissapointment.12 years we waited for a conclusion to Kate Walkers story that started out as one of the most memmorable experiënces I've had in in gaming and what we get is a let down on all fronts.The series has shifted it's focus from the journey of self discovery and wonder, to being an errand girl for a group of chubby eskimo's that at one point are actually called yokels.Gone is the focus on wonderfull automatons, gone is the sublime musical score, the voice acting is terrible, the characters that serve as the main antagonists have no clear purpose, the game is full of bugs, the camera is a constant struggle, the movement controlls are aweful, the inventory system is backwards, and there's pathing issues everywhere. Oh, and the lip sync only actually sincs up if you play the game with French voice acting.To add insult to injury, this game does not connect to the previous installments at all. There's a gap from where you left off in Syberia 2 that is never explained, it retcons every established bit of lore, and the game ends on a cliffhanger that can only take the story further away from what made the first game so special. So there's still no conlusion to this story.And to top it all off, this game somehow manages to look worse than how it's predicessors did. I ran this at 60 fps on the highest settings, which isn't saying much because this game isn't optimised at all, and it looks ugly as hell.I can find nothing redeeming in this game and $30 is a waste of time and money.Get the original 2 games, they're $15 in total, and you'll get an infinately better experiënce out of it.This has tarnished my memory of those games and I wish I could erase it from my mind.Don't. Buy. This."
76561198053791074,Recommended,464340,34797093,Posted: 7 September,all,marydmoomey,"I just finished Syberia 3 and let me just say I liked it. The graphics were lovely and I liked the storyline. It made me kinda sad and happy in the end. The only complaint I would have is the mechanics of movement was kind of clunky. I wish there was better camera angle/movement. Sometimes it was difficult to get the character to move in the direction I wanted to go. Also, it leads you on a certain path and if you do one thing out of the ordinary, you can't go back. Example, I was exploring the abandoned underground station and went one direction down steps and couldn't get back to where I needed to solve one puzzle before I was faced with another puzzle. I also went through a gate before I should have and the game wouldn't let me go back through the gate. I had to quit and reload from my previous save. I also got stuck on stairs on the Krystal and became the running in place person-it wouldn't stop-again I had to reload my save game. I did like the story line and it was worth the glitches to finish the story."
,Not Recommended,464340,34768757,Posted: 5 September,all,Omen UK,"I got told that Syberia is a good game, a point and click adventure so when they were on sale I bough the first two games which even then were fairly old, never really got into them, seemed ok but got distracted with other games bad never plated it.  When Syberia 3 went on sale i thought iI would take the risk, it was a pretty good discount, and the reviews seemed about average and gave the impression it was a marmite type game, you either loved it or really hated it.So I played three hours and, man some people must be really easily pleased, considering this game was released in 2017 it is hard to tell unless you look at the release dat or any copyright information, it looks dated and even on the higherst settings looks really bad.  That isn't to say the Syberia 3 doesn't look nice, it does, just about 8-10 years ago when full priced games (which at RRP of £40 it is) looked like this does.In addition to that there is the controls, and menu system, while there doesn't seem a problem witht he keyboard controls as far as I can see using a controller is really bad, yes I understand this is PC gaming and the majority of people use keyboards supposedly, but it feels a little off I mean they are neither fish nor fowl they are just 'MEH'.One of my main gripes is the script and acting, it sounds like it was done by people picking up a paycheck with little to no interest or passion in the lines they were reading or understanding of the story they were telling, which honestly is understandable as from what I have read the story seems to be less a feature film and more a badly patched togetr collection of small sketches meant to tell a story but ultimately leaving you baffled by the logic in the writing and just how bad the writing is.As I say for me the controls are an issue, but worst of all are t he camera angles when you move it feels like you are waiting to see where they will be pointing when you stop I mean it's at times ridiculous out low or far back or completly off center the camera angle is when you have barely moved and there are seemingly no onject to block a direct view of the character.The fact I got three copyright claims for a three hour walkthrough video I posted online doesn't really help this game either, not that it wasn't going to be anything but a thumbs down review considering how bad the cap from top to bottom is.  The only reason I run adverts is in the hope I can hopefully make enough to  improve my set-up and be able to provide a better quality service to the few viewers I have and to the developers when I try to showcase their games which is what I try to do (no fancy graphics or talking heads just the game and where possible even the music when it's popular music, rather than being music made for the game being copyrighted) the claimant is the composer of the game, so thanks for that really appreciate the fact I am having to remove parts of the soundtrack of my video to show what the game is like because someone involved with the game is so desperate for the money, or maybe they are doing it to stop the music being heard idk.There is one good thing about Syberia 3 I guess, I mean it is so bad that I doubt anyone would want to pirate it so I suppose it has that going for it."
76561198159011339,Recommended,464340,31307096,Posted: 22 April,all,Aleksey,"There is a lot of negative commets here, and I truthly believe that over 90% of them are because of poor technical realization of this awesome adventure. I actually struggled myself with a lot of bugs, visual glitches, what to say - even my controller stopped working in the middle of the walkthrough like 3 times, not because of hardware problem, but because something broke at the game itself.I can build a long list of the negative things from tech perspective, I also can build another list for scenario issues of this game, but at the end of the day I really enjoyed this amazing experience in overall.As a conclusion:1. If you played first two games of the series and you liked them - you defenently should give this one a try!2. If you not familiar with the series, but you like good story-telling games - I'd rather recommended to wait till several patches will came out, so you will not screw your first impression of this universe.3. If you don't like point and click games that full of small simple puzzles - its defenently not for you."
,Not Recommended,464340,34990818,Posted: 16 September,all,dvvelzen,To linear and simple.Voice / mouth movement not even close to be in sync.very simple puzzles.Moving around and moving objects in puzzles work really bad.For example turning a valve open can take up to a minute because the game doesn't respond properly to the mouse movements.
,Not Recommended,464340,35024568,Posted: 17 September,all,Dvorkin,Syberia is great game and with my friend we expected that Syberia 3 will be the same great but interface is disaster. Story and artwork still nice but control and amount of stupid operations that you just need to perform with mouse is too much. We quit from gaming with my friend who is fan of Syberia after several hours of playing. Sad.
,Recommended,464340,35025088,Posted: 17 September,all,JKDarkseid,"While this game was barely playable at launch, they've made a lot of patches that deal with all the major issues and replaced the awful control scheme with a far better point and click one. With the improvements, I can definitely recommend it to those who played the first two Syberia games. It's like those games but much larger and a few of the old issues are ironed out (like the constant going up and down stairs).That said, you should be warned about a few things.-Awkward Camera Angles: The original control scheme was built with consoles in mind, so some camera angles don't work particularly well with point and click controls. You can still move with arrow keys ...buuuuut that takes forever on even just middle graphical settings due to ridiculous input lag with that method.-Loading Issues: Even on the lowest graphical settings, expect some long loading times. There are also bugs at a few points that have a lot of NPCs in the area that causes the game to be stuck in transition from in-game graphics cutscene to gameplay. I encountered it twice, lowering to low settings overcame the issue.-Cliffhanger Ending: This game took over a decade to make and they gave it a sequel hook ending. Based on the sales and reception this game has gotten, don't expect any resolution coming.This game definitely has a lot of problems from development hell, but I'm glad I finished it all the same. Sokal's writing is still as strong as ever, and there's some truly beautiful moments to be found. It's a mess of a game, but then again, the other two kind of were as well.Very light recommendation, and only for those who played the first two. It's more interesting than anything else."
76561197989918696,Recommended,464340,35052848,Posted: 18 September,all,SillyNelly,"As a fan of Siberia 1 and 2 I was disheartened to see the initial reviews of Siberia 3 after it launched.  After a price drop and addition of a point & click Adventure mode patch I finally pulled the trigger and got this game.  I did not regret my descision.  Artwork is gorgeous, Kate is charming as usual and the puzzels were mostly intuitive and fun.  On the downside there were a few frustrations with camera angles and pathing...especially on some staircases.  The narrative was simple and to the point but I never quite bought into the threat of the Bad Guys.  If you liked the first two games I wouldn't hesistate to buy this with confidence especially if you can score it on sale."
76561198000984603,Recommended,464340,35059620,Posted: 19 September,all,jezz006,"Despite the many negatve reviews of this game I went ahead and purchased it when it went on sale as I enjoyed the first two games in the series.I must admit that the PC controls took a little bit to get used to, but once mastered after using a few of the help articles,this is a gorgeous game with interesting video additions.It reminds me of the TinTin adventure comics which as a young boy I found both thrilling and absorbing.It's a game that can be savoured and not hurried from talking to all the people in a scene to exploring the different scenarious the game leads you into."
76561198259469118,Recommended,464340,35210485,Posted: 25 September,all,cursedsakura46203,"I need to mention that I have played the previous titles as well and I must say Syberia 3 was truly worth waiting for.The background music beautifully accompanies the players in their journey, offering an immersive experience.When it comes to characters and action, they are well designed and I must say that they keep the player's attention drawn.Furthermore, the puzzles were engaging yet enjoyable as they were nicely woven along the story.In my opinion, the title is certainly worth purchasing as it provides a pleasant experience and definitely an exciting journey!"
,Recommended,464340,35134182,Posted: 22 September,all,Lirik^,"So, i’ve waited for this game a lot, with many expectations from him as the first two parts were awesome. Since i’ve played the first two games of this series i was familiar with the lore and the power of the game to emerge you in his world for hours. The 3rd game of the series kept me from the start for 8 straight hours in the front of my PC. The story is very entertaining and the music adds so much more to the lore of the game. I would recommend this game not only to the fans of the series but for the casual players as well. You won’t be disappointed as the world created for this game can keep you stuck on your chair in front of the PC while the game unveils his awesome story."
76561198146907095,Recommended,464340,35182613,Posted: 24 September,all,Cry For Portocale,"From the mysterious and well written story, to the intriguing characters and vast world, Syberia 3 offers the players a great adventure filled with interesting puzzles and exploration. All things considerate, this third installment is a great addition to the Syberia series."
76561198076203978,Recommended,464340,35179748,Posted: 24 September,all,Mithaias,"This game is awesome, great puzzles, really staying close to home with the rest of the franchise. The music from Inon Zur, as always, is great .I really enjoyed it verry much."
76561198110284833,Not Recommended,464340,35257456,Posted: 28 September,all,jackalac33,"I dont get all the positive reviews of this game. Listen Syberian Fans this game is no where near as good as 1 and 2. I'm really bummed that the people who made this game did'nt make the effort to make this game as enjoyable as the first two.Man what a disgrace to the Syberian series. My advice, Save your money!"
,Not Recommended,464340,35293306,Posted: 29 September,all,Tibromatic,"I'm very disappointed about this game. I had high hopes. There are bugs everywhere, the controls are terrible!I hope someone makes a ""mod"" for the original game engine and uses the assets of this game to recreate the well-crafted story into a playable game."
76561198062837507,Recommended,464340,34919966,Posted: 13 September,all,captawesome17,"I wanted so badly to give this game a positive review, and for the first 12 hours of gameplay I was planning on doing so.  I played the first Syberia back when it originally came out and I adored it.  I played the second game much more recently and I was a little let down, so I wasn't expecting this game to live up to the first one by any means.  It's a tough act to follow.  Plus I was 14 when I played it so who knows if my opinion is trustworthy.  That being said, I was giving Syberia 3 a lot of leeway in the interest of nostalgia, and going into it expecting the worst.I played Syberia 3 with mouse/keyboard, and it was a bit of a struggle at times.  The controls themselves are not the worst (not the best either though, very clunky), but the camera angles are atrocious: at times overly dynamic, at other times fixed in the most bizarre and uncomfortable ways.  How can one climb a staircase that she cannot see?  That's the real question here.  I wanted to use strictly WASD or mouse, but getting to some places was impossible with one or the other.  I forgave this until it started to be a detriment to my willingness to play the game.  I enjoyed most of the puzzles.  They were easily the best part of the game.  But navigating the world to find necessary clues and items was a constant headache and it made the solutions less satisfying.  That, and either no hints are given, or Kate stands there and tells you exactly what to do.  I was told I could press ""O"" to view my current objective.  I could not.Enough has already been said about the embarrassingly inconsistent voice acting.  All I will say is that I was much more excited for the return of Kate Walker's original voice actress than she was.  Hard to blame actors for lack of enthusiasm when dialogue occasionally borders on nonsense due to lack of subtlety and some really odd word choice (translation issues?  I really hope so).  The story suffered greatly from the bad dialogue.  And the ending was incredibly dissatisfying.  But the overall concept had its merits.  It was a bit darker and more real-worldy than the previous games, which I assume was an attempt to grow with the target audience, and I appreciate that.I did enjoy the look and feel of the world.  The game was beautiful.  It was, however, also chock full of odd glitches.  At one point a character was operating an invisible console because I suppose they just forgot to finish that part of the cutscene.  And I stumbled upon a pointless Area of No Return: walked innocently through a gate, wandered around to find nothing of use, could not get back through said gate, had to reload game from previous autosave.  And please do not get me started on duration and frequency of loading screens; I will be forced to ramble for another half hour.Short answer, this game could be a lot of fun (and occasionally was!) but it is such a mess in so many ways.  So why, after all that, am I recommending it?  Because it is of interest to fans of the original games, and really it is not as awful as I was expecting from all of the negative reviews.  That, and all of its terrible quirks are more humorous than anything at the end of the day.  If I had paid more than $15 it would probably get a thumbs down.  In my humble opinion, you may enjoy this game if you do not pay full price for it and do not take it too seriously (and secretly enjoy a little frustration)."
76561198079149745,Recommended,464340,35133527,Posted: 22 September,all,Evil 1v4 ace ☑,"Very cool game, the story is intriguing and as a fan of the Syberia series this one stood up to my expectations! Really nice job Microids!"
,Recommended,464340,35211215,Posted: 25 September,all,kat,Great game! The addition of top notch graphics to a set of mind twisting puzzles fits verry well. It is my first experience with the puzzle genre and I’m quite impressed! I really enjoy the plot of the game and how you can shape the main character based on your decisions. The music helps A LOT to keep you hooked in Kate Walker’s adventure.
76561197995014359,Recommended,464340,31283548,Posted: 21 April,all,hulk,Hi. The game looks fine but there are a few bad features:1. You can not save the the game whenever you want. This means that if you did not reach the next  saving point of the game you need to start from the last save point. Very annoying.2. Mouse cursor is barely visible.3. You can not skip video .[Made me watch the whole starting part again].4. Moving Kate with the arrows is not intuitive.[ I prefer moving her with clicking the mouse]I do hope that the above will be fixed
76561197997901309,Recommended,464340,33346873,Posted: 7 July,all,whistlestopursus,Beautiful and loveable Kate Walker is back. I wasn't going to buy this game because of the console semi-requirement. The puzzle I solved has the unique Benoît Sokal tangle that I fell for more than ten years ago.It is of course too early to personally recommend the game as Kate has only just left the room but I will officially.  All the Sokal games i have played are enchanting.
76561198245270016,Not Recommended,464340,31550363,Posted: 4 May,all,virtualbill,"The best thing I can say about this game is that it continues the story from the earlier two games.  I did expect a lot for a game that took so long to complete, and Syberia 3 was not what I expected.  Kate still looks like Kate, but seems to be a much less asssured and whiny version of her former self.  After years of waiting, and expecting a worthy successor to Syberia and Syberia II, what I see is a clunky 3D game with clunky controls.   It is not, as stated in the intro, a better experience if you use a controller.  I am using an Xbox 360, and also using keyboard and mouse.  I switch back and forth to whichever seems more convenient to use.It appears that a LOT of effort went into myriads of facial details  for closeups of conversations, but the facial movements for speech are inferior to almost any Nancy Drew game.  All the characters in Syberia III seem like they are wearing masks which don't quite move in a natural manner.I am probably nitpicking, but it could have been so much more than it is.  Syberia III is to Syberia II what Dreamfall is to The Longest Journey:  OK, but trying to be too many things at once, largely to attract cross platform players.That said, the graphics are good, there is a story developing, the puzzles are OK (if you overlook some of the rather obsure details), the characters are believable if a little over the top in their performances.    I'm currently 8 Hours into it, and I will finish it.  I don't think, though, that it has any replay value.After additional play, and frustration, I have changed my review to thumbs down.  Benoit Sokal  owes us all an apology.ADDENDUM:  22 hours and it is finished.  I have seldom been so glad a game ended.  It was tedious to play with ugly locations, and there is none of the magic of discovery felt in the first two games.  I can see what the team was trying to do, and they even succeeded in leaving some haunting characters in the story:  The forlorn Katarina in her decaying amusement park; the half-Youkol girl in Baranour; maybe even poor Oscar, but overall the story lacks any involvement by the players.  You always feel like you are on the outside of things.  Kate says she is ""one of them, now"" ,  but you never believe it.  The one thing I do believe, in the context of the story, is that Kate Walker, whatever her fate, will live on in Youkol legends.Obviously the ending leaves the story open for another sequel, but that is just standard procedure for game makers.  I suspect the next installment will be viewed with a lot of suspicion by those who bought into this one, and yes I bought this game months before it was released.  I will be more cautious next time."
76561198185527942,Not Recommended,464340,33773224,Posted: 24 July,all,Rue,"Why did they bother!! This is the most annoying game I have ever played, which devstates me to say as the 1st  games are with out a doubt 2 of my favourites!There are so may glitches the game freezes constantly! I have had to restart this games over 20 times, (noting to do with my computer as I have had no problems running much higher spec games)The controls are infuriating trying to navigate Kate is like trying to control Lara croft Circut 1996 and Derek Zoolander's love child (can't turn left)- she runs in to walls or going completely in the wrong direction if using the mouse- If using the keyboard the navigation is box like you have to walk to a point stop turn walk again which for a new games makes if feels so dated hence the Tomb raider reference-The camera in attempt to add scope and I assume atmosphere makes it hard to get the right angle needed catch clues which is frustrating.- The puzzles are long, tedious and make harder buy the glitchy controlsI love love loved the previous two games but I feel like the developers spent a lot of time trying to add needless details to the games play while neglecting others. I do not feel the need to rummage around a box moving items when it takes me 2 extra minutes to get to said box because Kate is busy running in circles! Literally!Playing this games became a chore at times and only my love and loyality to the old games will make me finish it."
,Not Recommended,464340,31281848,Posted: 21 April,all,[HUN]DP,"10 minutes was enough to tell this game is unoptimized, and the controls are useless...after delaying the release due to quality reasons I do not want to know how was the previous release candidate looking like..."
76561198218211123,Not Recommended,464340,34551648,Posted: 28 August,all,rcluttsak,I was really enjoying the storyline and I was willing to deal with the unwieldy controls. It was all the freezes that required me to reload the game and restart a puzzle over that caused me to have to quit. I really hope they fix that problem because I really loved the first two games and want to finish this one
,Recommended,464340,32772050,Posted: 25 June,all,KAKATURO,"I didn(t want to buy it full price so I waited the summer sales...and I was right, first because it gave more time to the devs to fix some issues... and the game is so cool.It is great pleasure to see Ms Walker again, love the atmosphere and the music is just fantastic...really enjoy to play !"
76561198040668863,Recommended,464340,31264667,Posted: 20 April,all,Cpt. Cluzers,"Even though the game has some visual bugs and is very stiff to control, the overall graphics and atmosphere is just magical. You can sense Benoit Sokal's creativity from the very beginning. The dialogs are cool and overall world creation is very much on point. Was the actual playability a little bit better, this would be one of my favourite adventure games. All things considered i really recommend it for any die-hard fan of the franchise cause you'll love the story. But if you want to start your syberia adventure with this game, go back to 2002 and play the series from the beginning and find out whether the story captivates you. Than all the flaws of the new game won't matter for you. Trust me :)"
,Recommended,464340,31889429,Posted: 21 May,all,Gargaj,"Clunky controls and miscast voice acting aside, the moment the intro rolled I felt teleported exactly back to where I felt like when I played the first games ~10 years ago - and that's no small feat."
76561198036824651,Not Recommended,464340,31267827,Posted: 20 April,all,Walkingd623,"(minor spoiler) Terrible controls for the keyboard. No running on the stairs *sigh*. The puzzles are too easy. No skipping of terrible dialog. The Oscar voice is from another actor. The ending is [cruddy] with the expectation of a sequel that should never be. All in all a terrible ending to what was once a great story. I'm sorry Kate Walker... They had forEVER on this game, why did it suck so much?!?"
76561197971806273,Recommended,464340,33489109,Posted: 12 July,all,cold_silence,"Overall: despite its many faults (and many they were), I was ultimately left satisfied and charmed (albeit not as much as with the previous two games), and hoping for a fourth installment.I'm giving this the thumbs up, but not without considerable ""buts"".The good:- Some good puzzles- Charming artistic style- Great music that's still in my head while writing this review- Kate Walker's voice (the same voice actress as before)The bad:- Bugs. The worst one of which left me with a useless savegame (something with a crane, see here if you're having the same problem:http://steamcommunity.com/app/464340/discussions/1/1319962417039855866/)- The controls and camera positioning are very clumsy at best. Many of the times that I was somewhat stuck, it was because I wasn't aware of some playing area, because you could go around some corner or the like. It got a bit better when I decided to use a gamepad instead of a mouse. It leaves me wondering if the traditional (2D) point-and-click formula wouldn't have been a better choice.- Apart from the main character, the voice acting is usually mediocre at its best and terrible at its worst.- Many of the visuals seem to be rather low res for this day and age. The style is fine, but apart from that, the graphics are rather underwhelming, even taking into account that this is not a high budget, ""triple A"" production."
76561198262533524,Not Recommended,464340,31285583,Posted: 21 April,all,adirondackserver,"looked foreword to new adventure games, it had been a while waiting for Obduction and a new Syberia (10+ years) for both.  Specifically on Syberia 3.. Navagation controlls horrible on all hardware, inexcusible.. How did the creators even test, a magic wand?  Cudos to to creative, Story, Art, Writers and all supporters. I will get through it happily as i appreciate your efforts. Please address navagitation and audio sync. Groove on Syberia. I am with you."
,Recommended,464340,34867893,Posted: 10 September,all,Lena Kuester,"Great game with nice old-styled graphics, fantastic music and good puzzles. Waiting for the next episode..."
,Recommended,464340,34892150,Posted: 11 September,all,Ines Waechter,"I don't understand the bashing on this game...I wait for a drop price and don't regret my purchase.The game start and you don't know what the game will be, a lot of mystery at the start..what happens at the end of Syberia 2 ? Where is Oskar ? Youkol, hum, may be not the best choice but we will see..."
,Recommended,464340,34906305,Posted: 12 September,all,GravedigGER,Despite the -all enough mentionted negatives (won't sum them up again)-it seems to be a walk & click adventure puzzle game withreal logical puzzles to solve!That's one big point lacking some other (comparable point&click) games....
76561197972279378,Recommended,464340,33497551,Posted: 13 July,all,mystemo,"Just finished the game and I have to say I enjoyed it. It had the same spirit of the original two games, but has copped a heck of a lot of criticism mainly due to control issues. I started playing the game after the 'point and click' patch and I utilised a combination of keyboard and point and click to navigate with very few issues. Probably the fixed camera in every scene (which gives the game a cinematic quality) causes some of the dramas but is perfectly fine once you get used to it. The actual highlight of the game are the visuals, if you can run in the game on the 'Beautiful' settings. It is stunning and creates such a beautiful world that you want to escape to right now. This is Sokal's strength, alongside a story that is engaging throughout. Some people have expressed their annoyance at the ending and, without giving spoilers, will not appeal to those wanting everything tied up with a neat bow. Highlight characters are definately Kate Walker, who is performed wonderfully by Sharon Mann who voiced her way back in 2002 for the first game and again in 2004 for the second one, Kurk as the Youkal leader, and Captain Obo. Unfortunately in this English voiced version a clearly older Russian woman (visually), Olga Efimova, was voiced horrendously by a young actress and really felt totally miscast. The puzzles and inventory manipulation is very good: not too hard to slow down the story but not too easy like many casual Hidden Object games. I am looking forward to Syberia 4, whenever that may be, and I think after reflection on the issues addressed already by the public it's only going to make the next one amazing."
76561198074646948,Not Recommended,464340,34857875,Posted: 10 September,all,LEFTY,"It's a NO NO for me . I'm a huge fan of Syberia , but this one dissapoints . Lip sync fails. Olga's voice sounds like 20yo and shes like 55 or so. The boys voice is from a 40yo marine or so and the boy is like 12. The walking , the interaction and so on.... I'll wait for 90% discount and then get it , 10$/EUR at most in my opinion."
76561198128307938,Recommended,464340,31299025,Posted: 22 April,all,eigenbasis,"Syberia is part of my childhood. I loved the games as a kid, mostly for how they made me feel like I'm on this big adventure. While waiting for this new one to come out I (after all these years) replayed the previous games and what now I liked most about them (besides the spirit of adventure I still got) was Kate as a character.Now about this new one. I played it on 'Good' graphical settings, with a wired Xbox360 controller and on Adventure difficulty. So far I haven't ran into any major problems.Cons:- At times horrible voice acting. Mostly the problem is caused by casting too young actors for old people roles.- No manual saves.- Can't skip dialogue.- Some questionable animations (Kate's shoulders while walking stay still making her seem really stiff and I would advice against looking and people mouths while they speak).- At times unresponsive controls.Pros:- Kate Walker is still very much Kate.- The general atmosphere still makes me feel like I'm on a big adventure.- Even on not the highest settings it's still beautiful.- Music is varied and fitting.- Puzzles are enjoyable.- Writing is great,- Option to choose if you want to play with hints or not.All in all while mechanically being more of a Telltale than old Syberia's (this is NOT a point-and-click, don't expect it to be), I still am enjoying the game a lot."
76561198265038822,Not Recommended,464340,32374679,Posted: 12 June,all,katherine.janio,"I was so looking forward to this game after playing the earlier ones.  But was very disappointed.  I am sure the story itself is very good, but actually getting the character to move about was really very difficult and took any fun out of the game.  I asked for a refund.  I am hoping that maybe, the game will be ironed out and I can come back to it later on.  Very disappointed.  :("
76561198168775971,Recommended,464340,31366812,Posted: 25 April,all,Laumyus17,"I have been a fan of the Syberia series since I played the first one. When I finished Syberia II, I couldn't wait for a sequel, and now that it's here and I have played it... well...The Good:The story is amazing, the characters are interesting, the puzzles entertaining (although I didn't find them as hard as the ones in the previous chapters) and it absolutely feel like a proper Syberia title. I even like the new visual style (even if a lot of people are criticizing how ""dated"" the model and textures look) and the amazing music, which fits really well with the gameplay. The French voice cast, from what I can tell, is actually pretty good, so for you people out there who dislike the english dub as much as I do, play it in French with subtitles (which is the language they probably based the lip movement of the characters on).The Bad:The first thing that I was displeased with was the lack of an Italian language dubbing, which was present and very well done in the past chapters (yes, I am actually italian and I speak Italian). The second thing was, as I said before, the English dub. My god... just awful, it really made me want to quit the game. If you want to hear how bad it is, well, just go on YouTube and listen to the English trailer for the game. I'm baffled that Microids didn't care about having a good english voice cast to do the voices: the english language is one of the most spoken languages in the world, in my opinion doing a poor english dub means doing a poor job in making english speaking people caring about your product.The Ugly:This game was released unpolished and full of bugs. It seems to be a very common practice nowdays, because we have updates, and we can fix everything later... hopefully. I can't say that I was happy spending 40€ on day one and receiving a product so full of bugs and glitches.Where do I even start?The movement is jerky, both with a controller and with mouse and keyboard (no, wait, ESPECIALLY with mouse and keyboard. A little disappointing, since the older titles were point and click, and they were made for PC, but I guess they did this to have an optimized interface for the console releases). Sometimes I get stuck when I try to open doors or walk on stairs, having to rock the analog stick back and forth to free myself.There is a noticeable delay from the moment I press a button or move and the moment the action happens on the screen, and this can be really annoying in the long run.The game has huge framerate issues and freezes momentarily in certain areas. Now, I know that my system is not the best, but my PC meets the minimum requirements, and I am playing at the lowest graphical settings; besides, a friend of mine has the game on a PS4 and he lamented the same framerate issues. I think the culprit of this might be the anti-piracy system (Denuvo), which is known to cause performance issues on games.Other occasional graphical issues include broken animations, disappearing skyboxes, being teleported out of rooms (it happened on the ship) and object models twitching. I was also able to interact with speech or observation points that were still there despite the fact that the character or object they were related to was long gone.I REALLY hope they will be able to fix these problem soon, and provide the product that should have come out on day one.However, even with those issues, I will still recommend Syberia 3. Just wait a little while to buy it, so Microids can fix at least the most annoying bugs."
76561198358694990,Not Recommended,464340,31389879,Posted: 27 April,all,fabio,"Imac 5K .crash in start, crash when try to change option. Crash during the early stages of playImpossible to use."
76561198257930116,Recommended,464340,33657840,Posted: 19 July,all,AuntyJulie,"Like many other reviewers, I was disappointed in Syberia 3 after the two previous games had been so great. To begin with, I was unable to play the game without Kate walking round and around in circles, sluggish movements and constant freezing. The laptop I was using has played many other similar style adventure games, with no problem, however, the advice was that using an Intel graphics card was not compatible. This surprised me as many laptops or pcs use Intel and my laptop was a pretty good spec overall.  I was due for a new laptop anyway and bought a gaming laptop with Nvidia graphics then started the game again. Graphics problems resolved, back to the story:The good: Beautiful music, lovely to have Kate Walker's voiceover with the same person as previous games (Sharon Mann), some lovely settings and dramatic cutscenes. I quite liked the story line and I found most of the different locations interesting enough. Some of the characters were fun and some of the puzzles interesting.The bad: The ending - after waiting so long for Syberia 3, the ending left me hanging - are we going to have to wait another 5 years plus for Syberia 4 or is that it?The glitches - I experienced many, mainly with the graphics as stated above but also with speech interruptions, difficulty in movement and finding the right point to move Kate (I used a mouse). I often ended up going in directions I didn't want to go in!Voiceovers - apart from Kate and Oscar, I found most of them irritating to start with but as the game advanced I found them silly and inappropriate in many cases.Characters - so many duplicates of characters and so many voices the same as someone else.Translation - much of the texted dialogue did not match the voiceover.The story - the beginning - what happened between the ending of Syberia 2 and the beginning of Syberia 3?Aimless wandering at times - although there was a task list, I did do an awful lot of wandering around aimlessly, coming across fairly interesting things but there being no action to perform in many places. At one stage of the game (looking for the temple) I ended up by a statue and an interesting building, only to find that I couldn't get back out again, so had to restart from the last save.Save game - only autosaves, no way to go back to a previous save to look at things missed or missed achievements.Inventory - frustrating as all new items went to the end of the inventory and you have to scroll through to retrieve the item you want.The cost - I have purchased far superior games for much less money. In fairness, I chose to buy it as soon as it was released but I wish now I had waited until it came up in sales.Although the list of bad things is longer than the list of good, I still loved the game overall, particularly the character of Kate Walker. I still felt the ambience and emotions, I desperately wanted the youkals to reach their destination and for Kate and Oscar to continue their adventure together. I went on an adventure with them and the first thing I wanted to do when I got home from work was to continue the game.I recommend this game only because I loved Syberia 1 and 2 and Syberia 3 still held a certain amount of magic for me, albeit diluted. Benoit Sokal has a wonderful imagination and vision and Syberia 3 does stay true to the series and genre, also stays true to the traditional point and click adventures without spoiling this with the more modern options to skip puzzles (nice to use my brain for a change even though I did have to resort to a walkthrough a few times) or zip from one place to another with a map (I know I said I wandered aimlessly sometimes but at least I got to really appreciate some of the scenery).Would I buy Syberia 4 if there ever was one? Yes, without a doubt! Although I would hope that many of the negative issues that have been voiced by many people would have been taken on board and improvements made."
,Not Recommended,464340,34764513,Posted: 5 September,all,leahloo,"This game is terrible! I played the first two games and enjoyed them very much. Three has been a complete waste of my money, as I couldn't even finish the game because it crashes constantly. (I spent half the time restarting and trying to fix the issue) The voice acting is awful and the story is lacking significantly. I am also HIGHLY upset with Steam for not allowing me to refund this game. I bought this game yesterday and played for 4 hrs, which is over their 2hr policy(STUPID). I have been a loyal customer for years and have never asked for a refund until now.....awful policy!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!!!!!!!!"
76561198397704451,Not Recommended,464340,34765153,Posted: 5 September,all,natali22med,Not a real Point and click game. 3d controls a little nit dissapointing
76561198082574608,Recommended,464340,31274765,Posted: 21 April,all,Yazanova,the Story so far is great but the controls are terrible. specially when walking around the city. its clearly made for a console and another terrible thing is that i cannot interact with objects without being close im not sure if this was done to save on resources. puzzles are great and make sense so far.i would recommend this game. not a fan of the controls but after an hour you get used to it
76561198100439658,Recommended,464340,34787752,Posted: 6 September,all,Gerald_Tiger,"A new chapter in the Syberia series has been born. A very nice addition to the Syberia mythology, with upgraded graphics and new mechanics.Now, let me tell you something, this isn't an action or adventure game, this is a puzzle game. The things that made this game shine are its story and their puzzles. It's like reading a novel...a good one indeed. If you play trying to find a Tomb Raider-like experience, you will be very disappointed. On the other hand, if you like to hear a good story and get involved in it and you like smart puzzles, this game will deliver just that.One bad thing that has to be mentioned is the controls. Obviously, this game was design to be played with a keyboard and mouse, therefore playing with a gamepad is not the best experience but you get used to. It's like playing the first Resident Evil games (tank controls).Overall, this is a good game that deserves a chance from those that enjoy a rich story and puzzles.8/10"
,Not Recommended,464340,34903726,Posted: 12 September,all,Snacks,"I was a huge fan of the original 2 games and couldn't wait for this sequel. However, I am very disappointed.1. The game is very poorly optimized, barely running on lowest settings on a decent-spec PC. The quality of the graphics does not justify the extremely low framerates, I can run games that look just as good with no problem, but this one apparently requires a top-end machine just to be acceptable.2. The controls are awkward and difficult to get used to. The visual popups spoil the picturesque feel of the game, which has otherwise been preserved from the previous two.4.The characters feel weird - it appears that some, like Kate Walker, are very well-executed, but others (like Olga) appear very sloppy and lifeless.Conclusion: This game needs a lot of work. It should not have been released in this state."
76561198028196339,Recommended,464340,34135537,Posted: 9 August,all,AI,"Siren Kate Walker""What counts is not the destination....,but what does the future hold in store....?""Reference: Sirens and Odysseus"
76561198029544387,Not Recommended,464340,32651445,Posted: 22 June,all,Evil,"Well, I waited for this game since I played out the first two part anno, but one of my eyes is laughing, one is crying. The graphics is good, I brings the mood of the first two episodes, but the control messes up the whole experience. The camera angles are sometimes terrible, they don't switch in time, and the action dots only appear in certain angles. Like if the developers couldn't decide if it will be a 2D or a 3D game. And despite of the patches, the game still contains several bugs, and it freezes many times. The game still couldn't outgrow those annoying things, like you can't use a certain object until you speak to someone..The other side is the story. Nothing like the previous two, both in complexity and diversity. Ok, let's say it's a kind of sequel but I read this will close the story of Kate, but with this endig it's everything but a closure. Honestly, I can't put this episode anywhere, I'm disappointed..Other: I don't know whose idea was to put the savegames to ""C:\User\xy\Appdata\locallow"" folder, but after a few hours o fplaying the story, I had to reinstall Windows for other reasons, and my whole progress had lost!! And the game does not sync to Steam cloud so, I was a ""bit""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,464340,34789054,Posted: 6 September,all,tatankasamoyed,"I thought maybe the negative reviews were too harsh.   Nope.  The voice acting is sad and pathetic beyond description.   I had read that the same VA was playing Kate.   She didn't sound like her, so I googled. Yep, the same actress, but she sounds so very different.  Anyway, that's a minor quibble.     The lip sync is completely not in sync with the voices, which aggravates the experience even further.   Finally, what the characters have to say is bland and boring so ultimately better voice acting would only have gone so far.In fairness, I should acknowledge that the lip sync is mostly not a problem if  you choose French as your language.  The voice acting in French also seems to better fit the characters.  I don't mind reading subtitles, but there's still instances of broken animation with characters speaking and their mouths not moving at all.Visually, the game is okay.  However, at 4k the controller prompts do not scale and are too small.Syberia 3 was clearly done on a shoe-string budget.  Heck, they couldn't afford a bra for Kate in the opening part.When the price drops to around five bucks, I would recommend it to fans of the series.    For fans of adventure games, there is much better to be had in recent fare such as Dreamfall Chapters or Silence.  I refunded this.   Half-hour was enough torture and watching some gameplay convinced me that it does not improve the further you go into the game."
76561198045098943,Recommended,464340,31260786,Posted: 20 April,all,Wi-SiWi,"Now game work with xbox and ps4 game pad, thanks for the fix."
76561198005050318,Recommended,464340,31690950,Posted: 11 May,all,Momo,"---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------2017.06.15 REVIEW UPDATE---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------First, I left my old review intact but you can ignore it because my biggest complaint was fixed.Point and click mode finally arrived!I can proudly say that the game is playable now and finally has the true Syberia feel we always wanted.Performance also got improved quite nicely.I'd like to give huge kudos to the development team for listening to the fans. You showed a great example!I do recommend this game now despite the rest of its shortcomings.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Alright, so after beating this game I finally decided to write a review.The only good things are the music..and a select few puzzles plus some characters, I am dead serious. I want to forget that this game exists in the franchise. Only reason I haven't refunded is nostalgia even though I got ripped hard with 40 euro.And now about the negative parts...First, this series debuted on PC as a classic point and click adventure game. It would make sense to continue that platform as the main focus right? Well, no...we got controls targeted at consoles...in 2017... The game even smears it in your face by telling you it plays best with a controller....Mouse and keyboard are supported but moving only happens with W A S D and you can only click on stuff with the mouse. And this is the part where I have to say that going 3D completely hurt the series in this regard. It plays horribly with mouse and keyboard, Kate feels like you are driving a tank, overall it was really tedious.Point and click mode doesn't exist, some say that it's due to going 3D because you wouldn't be able to get to some areas with it but I call BS on it since some direction arrows you can click on could be implemented.But wait, the negative effect of consoles affecting this game doesn't stop here yet!Your inventory is a wheel, obviously targeted at controllers again. Say goodybe to the neat and tidy grid system you loved so much in the previous games. When many items pile up wheeling all the time gets really old and you also can't organize anything. Oh, and the wheel doesn't spin in a sense that once you reached the end of your inventory you have to wheel back up all the way if you want to access earlier items.There is no MANUAL SAVING. Like, really now!!!?? I could somewhat stomach the controls but this really made me super furious. Sometimes the checkpoints are close but often they are really far from each other. God forbids something comes up IRL and you have to abandon lots of progress.Perfromance is horrible, I am above the recommended and it chokes my 970 but don't worry, it also does that to 1060/1070/1080 users. I thought I could bruteforce it but the micro stutters won in the end. Performance issues are mostly due to the horrible choice of engine (Unity) and an even worse DRM (Denuvo).Graphics itself looks nice and has its charm but it could use some higher res textures.There are some ligthing bugs as well which are quite common. Mouse cursor separates from the ingame one. Small, but annoying things like this.Character animations are also pretty bad, lip syncing is often broken. I can't take the voice acting seriously, there are things like an old man sounding like he is 20 and so on. Some of the youkols got nailed though.Story didn't particularly keep me interested due to ""do this"" *done* ""oh we still need x y and z :D"" *damn you everyone lol*. I know the previous games did it too but not to this extreme extent.There are also some missing translations but those I can forgive.The horrible ending doesn't help either, ending on a cliffhanger yet again.. Looks like we will never know how Kate's story ends (this really only gave closure to the youkols) because I don't think this game will make enough profit to warrant another one.I really only recommend it in its current state if you are a huge fan of the previous games and your nostalgia fuel can last.Edit: Will update if it improves, gotta give that chance to the developers."
76561198176534477,Recommended,464340,31469566,Posted: 30 April,all,samonn2000,"Updated 16/06/17:Well, I have to say this is a very PLEASANT SURPRISE, first and foremost  because it means someone at Microids was very attentive to the initial reviews and decided to act upon them.  So thank you, Microids, for this patch.I only took a brief glimpse at the new interface, but it seems to be adequate enough.  No interface is perfect and if I'd really try, I could find something to complain about, but the bottom line is this transformation does allow for a more fun and intuative character steering and with it reasonably resolves the issues, which in my opinion were this games major downsides.Looking forward to a Syberia 4  :)    Personally, I would set it up on 2 time lines: one which continues from the point Syberia 3 ended and eventually gives the series a proper ending and another which takes place with Hans, on the island of syberia in the time between syberia 2 and syberia 3.   It seems like the ""nice"" people who grabed Kate at the end of syveria 3 are planning to ask her alot of questions, so she might as well answer them in a playable manner.=========To put it mildly, this game screams the word DISAPPOINTMENT to anyone, including myself, who was generous enough to pay Microids 39.99$ for its purchase.The thing about game sequels is, they come with expectations. They’re expected to deliver the same gaming experience as their predecessors. We want to re-experience what we remember as the magical hours of playing “part 1” by plunging once again into the same world, and accompany the same main character as he or she continues to explore the inside of the same story frame .  In short, sequels are expected to deliver more of the same.It should have been fairly obvious to the developers that their potential buyers for this games would be first and foremost people who played and liked “Syberia 1+2” and these people expected a classic Point&Click adventure with a classic inventory and classic inventory puzzles –  all of which Microids fails to deliver.The story line of syberia 3 is a question of preference, no point in discussing likes and dislikes, that’s what the author wrote – take it or leave it.  The game world does not differ much from the previous parts, expect for the enhanced graphics, to which I’m sure no one objects.Unfortunately, the game strikes out big time with an exceptionally annoying interface which on top of being exceptionally annoying, differs too much from the original Syberia interface to the extent that the entire puzzle design simply feels different, simplified and coerced to comply with the interface.All in all, Syberia 3 was a recipe which had all the ingredients to become a well prepared gourmet dish. For whatever reason, those ingredients were mixed in more than one bad way."
,Not Recommended,464340,31274940,Posted: 21 April,all,jackpopo,"This game is practically not playable on my system (iris 6100 graphic cards). I know it is way below the minimum requirement, but knowing it to be built upon unity engine made me expected that it would run as good as red thread's dreamfall chapter. I was wrong.Despite the requirement issue, I found the developer is still need to work on various joypads compatibility. I used logitech joypad. The start-up dialog window can detect my joypad, but not in the game.For the gameplay, I realise that this is a radical change of syberia series gameplay (a very brave and risky move). I think there will be some learning curve to get used to the new gameplay style. Once one already get used to it, I believe one can immerse to the syberia world, just as mr sokal was hoping. I took my time to explore a little bit. I found the experience is better when use French as the audio language, hence I must turn on the english subtitle.Overall I am expecting updates soon, especially regarding the performance optimisation. I am still having a very big hope that this new Syberia will going to work well. Play it only if you really have an adventurous soul.EDIT:Just watched someone played this game on youtube instead up to the end. My previous comment is about the game mechanic. And here is my opinion about the story. There is a huge difference between Syberia 1/2 and Syberia 3. In the previous games, every time the main character make a progress to the next place, I have some kind of curious feeling of what would await me on the other side. I felt amazed at every contraption as it is more a work of magic than steampunk technology. The conversations with NPCs were also rich of humour and surprise. And the motivation to make progress in the journey is very positive: to discover mystery about the 'syberia' world.[Might contain SPOILER]Unfortunately I don't feel the same with the new sequel. The NPCs characterisation is weaker. Most story is about taking the Youkols from point A to B, cleaning the way for Youkols, and that's it. There are antagonist characters in the game introduced to drive the story, but it doesn't help to build the Syberia atmosphere. They're just making the game to feel more 'action' than 'magical'. And yes Syberia 3's ending give clue for future sequel, but I don't have curiosity at what would happened next. I don't even have it for what would happened at the end of Youkol's journey. I think Mr. Sokal lost his passion in this game, just like the Beatles did in Yellow Submarine album.So, because most of us play Syberia for the story, I change my recommendation about this game: DO NOT BUY OR PLAY IT."
,Not Recommended,464340,31273881,Posted: 21 April,all,nanookmetaal,"Update (17/05/17): I no longer can recommend this game. After completing the story, I feel cheated and disappointed. The bugs and choppy animations (facial animations, audio-mouth movement desync) could have been forgiven if the story was worthy. There are a lot of annoying plot holes, inconsistencies, strange bits of dialogue that ruined it for me (for example, Kate sometimes can read and comprehend Youkol and sometimes she cannot).Characters in Syberia 3 felt bland and boring. Contrast this to the Walking Dead games where every character evokes emotions towards them, may it be positive or negative ones. In contrast to previous games, there was an attempt to introduce every character on a personal level. You often get to hear their life story only to leave them 10 minutes later and never see them again. On the other hand, there is not much meaningful dialogue going on between Kate and the characters that accompany her along the game.Briefly about the main story (NO SPOILERS). At times it felt like the developers were trying to push some agendas onto the player rather than focus on making sure they enjoy the game. Things like global warming, anthropogenic catastrophies, negative impact on native populations and culture have been mentioned throughout the game multiple times. These are important themes and raising awareness is important. There is time and place for this. The way it was implemented into the game was extremely awkward.Update (2/05/17): The patch has been released recently and it seems to have improved a few gameplay aspects and removed some bugs. There are still some performance issues in certain scenes (encountered 2 at the moment) and some audio desync issues but it is not too bad!The story picks up quite a bit after a few hours so if you find it boring initially, I recon it will become more interesting. This is especially true for the Syberia series fans!P.S. The comproser for the game is claiming the copyright for the music over on Youtube, what a party pooper move!Edit (24/04/17): A patch has been announced that promices to fix a lot of common problems. Wait with the purchase till then if you are not sure and see if the game gets better.Whoever dislikes this game has no heart.Whoever expected this to be an amazing game has no brain.The era of point an click adventure games is sadly over. Syberia 3 was able to evolve into something better than that by adopting gameplay and dialogue style inspired by the Telltale game series. This was a move in the right direction.All the problems and bugs that exist in this game are simply because of the lack of funding/mismanagement of resources. I am sure that if Microids had enough money to allocate to every aspect of the game it would have come out much better. Sad to hear but it is expected, this is a niche game company that does not have the budget of a major player like EA (for example).Voice acting is mediocre to say the least, voice lines are not synced that well in English, the Russian translation is in fact much better. This is probably due to the fact that a much more experienced company was in charge of the Russian translation. On the other hand, Syberia 1 had no mouth animations at all and it still was an enjoyable game. That does not mean that we should give this game any slack however.Story is not too bad but it feels like it is repeating itself somewhat. Puzzles and objectives in general did get better compared to the last few games where at time you were just guessing as the quests had no coherent way to solve them.I believe this game will get better in terms of general gameplay with patches. I also do believe that this is the last game in the Syberia series.Should you buy this game? Yes, for the old times sake and probably not in all other cases."
,Not Recommended,464340,31364933,Posted: 25 April,all,lnotermanns,"Gameplay took some getting used to (keyboard+mouse)I got stuck in the beginning because I didn't know how I could turn the camera and therefore I missed a crucial spot. (the manual next to the buzzer, who needs a manual?)I love the story, feels like being back in Syberia immediately.One thing I'm not to happy about: what is it with adventure games nowaday? Most of the time there is just one next step, very often logical, sometimes hard to find because there are to many beautiful things to look at. It feels more like an interactive movie than an adventure game. Sometimes you know which step is next to take but you can't because you haven't interacted with something yet (the manual on the side of the buzzer).So yes, I miss the ""adventure feel"" I had with the first two games but I still enjoy playing this gameEdit: Finished the game and it just got worse and worse. I kept bumping in to everything. All in all the game is short and, as I said before, I really miss the adventure feel...It's a shame because I was really looking forward to this game"
,Recommended,464340,35444492,Posted: 3 October,all,AssassinX,"Played Syberia 3 and completed it. This game is as fun as Syberia 1 and Syberia 2. A must try for puzzle solving, adventure (Point and Click) genre lover ! It has also many wonderful soundtracks !! A must try."
76561197975576085,Not Recommended,464340,33378621,Posted: 8 July,all,DaMuncha,"I finally worked my way through all the bugs and crappy dialogue to get to the sour ending of definately a dissapointing game. Bug after bug impeeded my progress through the game, from glitchy sounds, cut off dialogue, to the most frustrating bugs where anything you click on screen will not registed and make Kate walk towards the screen and get stuck.In multiple places, such as the room with metal dogs in it that growls at Oscar past the fair ground, to the area outside the Watchers hut, and the area under the ferris wheel, the camera would be positioned behind an invisible wall, and when you click anything in on the screen Kate will just try to walk through the invisible wall and get stuck causing me to reload the previous save because I cannot escape this invisible wall.There were many glitches in Kates movement as she walked aroubnd the enviroment, either buggy animations or kate teleporting around on the ground. and because of the camera postiions most of the paths you need to go are hidden behind other obsticles, so when you click to tell kate to walk past it she will walk to the obsticle and not arround it, maknig it near imposible to traverse around the landscape, the ship was horrible to walk around and caused bugs and glitches a many.Most of the voice work was OK in quality, but the voices did not fit the characters at all. The old clock maker sounded like a teenager, and both enemies chasing you sounded very very american. And when the Yukols gave you orders and tasks to do the broken english made it near impossible to understand what they were tryign to tell you. At the point where I gave the electric cables to to yukol to attach to the boat, he would only reply with some incomprehencable giberish and I had no idea what I was suposed to do next untill I read a walkthrough.The world art was profesional and very good quality, but Olga and the other guy with a patch on his face were extremely stereo typical russians and hideous to look at. But as good as the quality of artwork was, the scennes them selves were ugly. You go from a dirty asylem where you and the other patients are being kept 20 years for no reason, to a dirty small town full of drunks and everyone hates you but wont let you leave, to a run down boat piloted by a drunk, to a radio active contaminated theme park, through the ruin of a city, then finally into the snow.There were many many instances where the game would bug out and would either require a reload or a restart of the game. I eventualy got entirely stuck at the fire truck becaose the key for the truck was hidden off screen so I played with the ladder instead, but if you use the ladder before you start the truck with the hidden key, the game bugs and then saves the bug and wont let you climb the ladder latrer. and if you reload you still have the bug. I eventually had to download a save which had skipped the rest of the chapter cutting out that part of the game.As a story it was terrible compared to the previous games where you go on an adventure and explore new lands, in Syberia 3 you go from one crappy location to the next crappy location being chased through the game by the 2 worst (badly written) villians ever written. Why was the guy with the patch chasing you? because hes working for the americans? they send a private detective from America who thinks he has world wide juristication? Olga wants to keep you in the Asylem because shes just a psycho ♥♥♥♥♥ her self? and why on eath is everyone trying to stop the tribe of nomads who arnt bothering anyone? and all the bad guys are armed to the teeth with machine guns and AK47s and attack helecopters? just to stop a bird migration in the winter?This was a awful game, look I know the story is weak and the voice work could have been over looked if the game worked as intended, but but pathing errors, bad camera work, hidden keys, crahes, and corrupt save games make this game near unplayable without a clear walkthrough and backed up saves which I had to download.This game gets a big thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,464340,32356336,Posted: 11 June,all,TRYER,"Syberia 3 is just like play both 1 and 2 so long ago. Medium plus ranged puzzles. Great story and beautiful music as always.The scenery was not as nice as most games as today, but good for the type of game it was. The voice acting was horrible. Totally wrong English voice actors for the French voiceover charactors (old ueropean man or woman with young voices). The game called for an Xbox gamepad for better feel for the game. Game did not give any feedback to controller and controls were bad.Great game for fans of the Syberia Series. 3 out of 5 Stars. Worth $30"
76561197995894805,Recommended,464340,31763716,Posted: 14 May,all,Sefu,"Syberia 3 is a great story with solid puzzles and excellent locations, as you would expect from the series. However, although I'm going to recommend it, I have to say it well deserves its mixed ratings. Tons of glitches and bad design choices really muddy up the experience. It also has a cliffhanger ending, which is unfortunate since we may not get a fourth game.It has heart, but the Syberia series deserves a better level of production. I hope they get another chance. But at least the creators are actively patching it, even if they should have waited before release."
76561197972358009,Recommended,464340,31369358,Posted: 25 April,all,grassy49,"This is the first Siberia I have played and i like it, the puzzels  are good and the game is fun. The controls are not easy, but managable with practice"
76561197970695202,Recommended,464340,31282794,Posted: 21 April,all,dhark01,"The Story so far seems to be on par with the older Syberia Titles.Graphics and controls (Mouse and Keyboard) on PC are really a mess not to say super frustrating....It's playable, but how the hell did this pass QA ???I still will recommend it, because good Adventures are a rare thing nowadays.....;-)"
,Recommended,464340,31265020,Posted: 20 April,all,irulane,"Im quite enjoing this game so far. Nice music, nice setting, nice art. And most importantly story is quite engaging. If you love adventure genre its a must buy.I dont know why people expected some amazing graphics from this...its not like devs decived you with beatuful trailers or screenshots. And this game not costs 60-70$ either. FFS some pixelated 8-bit indy games cost this much nowadays and for some reason I don't see anyone complaining about them..."
76561198134526460,Recommended,464340,31368911,Posted: 25 April,all,MightandMagic22,"It's a shame that this game is getting so much backlask in the reviews. I'll admit, it's not the greatest game in the world, but if you loved the original syberia games, then I think you'll be able to find that same charm in this sequel. I would recommend that if you find yourself irritated by the akward lipsyncing, just switch the audio to french and put on english subtitles. I'm pretty sure the mouth movements were designed for the french voice acting, so it lines up better that way, and personally, I prefer the french voice acting.The controls do take a little getting used to, especially if you're using the keyboard, but it's really not as bad as most people are making it out to be. It's just different because in the original, we were used to the point and click movement method.Other than those few little things, I've found the game incredibly enjoyable, and even though I'm only halfway through it, I'm already emotionally invested. I should also mention that the music is incredible. I could listen to the soundtrack for hours."
,Recommended,464340,31852411,Posted: 19 May,all,GhostHuntMai,"Beautiful graphic and wonderful storyline. The story pulls you immedity into the  story. Plot is pretty well layed out. There some problems with it blacking out, but easyly fixed by changing the graphics setting. This is my favorite puzzle game."
,Recommended,464340,31310738,Posted: 22 April,all,NooNaN,"Such a hard one to pick a thumbs up or thumbs down...If you've played through Syberia and Syberia 2 and loved them, you should pick this up.  On the positive, it's got most of that charm, the puzzles are good so far and the story is interesting.  The graphics are mixed for me.  While the art style and choices are very nice and what keeps this as an overall positive for me, I don't get why this had to be 3D.  I won't get into it, but it's certainly not of the quality of a retail, 2017 ""A"" or even ""B""  title.  I understand this began development in 2012, but if it has to be 3D, it should be more polished.  The best part for me so far is the score/soundtrack.  It's amazing and definitely adds to the overall experience.On the negative, what the hell is going on with those voice actor choices.  Seriously?  Dr. Olga looks and should sound like a middle-aged Russian woman with a mean streak, but instead she sounds like a 17 year old co-op.  The Youkol boy at the beginning has the reverse issue.  It doesn't completely ruin that part of the story, but I can't understand how they could possibly think it was okay.  Also, there is absolutely zero localization for the lip synching.  Keep those subtitles on so you'll have something to look at.  I started using a mouse and keyboard and quickly changed to a controller.  It's nearly unplayable with a mouse/keyboard.  After using the controller for a while, I get where they were going with it.I'm only a few hours in, so my overall opinion could change over time, but I've got a feeling it won't.  This is assuming that the story, adventuring and puzzles continue on the pace they have started on.  The major negatives won't change...maybe slightly with patching, but I can't see them going deep to bring this game to more modern standards.If you have not played Syberia or Syberia 2, I'd strongly suggest buying, playing and finishing them both before considering this one.  They are both great, great adventure games.  If you love them and they find a special place for you, you'll likely find that here as well.  If you don't like them or haven't finished them yet, definitely move on.  I say ""finished"" on purpose.  I don't think you can otherwise get enough out of them to end up loving this one.  For me, it's a ""thumbs up"" as I loved the first two and this has the same feel, so far, for me.  There's something about hearing ""Kate Walker"" and now ""Kate Kate Walker"" that brings me back.  : )"
,Recommended,464340,31350341,Posted: 24 April,all,Galatefica,"Technical stuff that didn't really matter (in the end):- Launching and loading screens took long but not forever.- I got some use out of a dusty PC controller, then I discovered I liked it.- In game, walking onto stairs in some areas required few super-awkward approaches (and poses in real life), but not enough to break mentioned controller.Design:Syberia wasn't supposed to play like a typical action adventure and it also wasn't pretending loyalty to point & click. Having avoided being just a copy of its shape from 13 years ago it still conserved its essence well! It had to graphically evolve (I'm ok with nostalgia but perhaps not obsessive nostalgia) and it did, with the unchanged vibe of old.Character rendering is definitely adequate to nowadays standards; the environments slightly less so. I'm relatively pleased with the overall design, while some things just didn't seem all that important to justify a complaint.Localisation:To me, Polish translations unfortunately came off as dispassionate. :) I recognize these voices of multiple identities, living in way too many characters and beginning to sound a little repetitive AND bored. I mean, they must be!Voice acting in English however was truly satisfactory. Kate Walker sounds lively, soulful, caring, and everything that makes for her personality and wisdom is reflected by the voice of irreplaceable Sharon Mann! She worked on previous games and she is super talented.Most NPCs sounded decent. And did I hear Jesse Eisenberg - his voice so distinct - also as Steiner? Because the age disparity can't go unnoticed, man. Ok so it's just a minor oversight: he plays someone 2 generations (oops!) older, let's hope nobody notices!Unity of story and gameplay:The story is brilliantly designed and was clearly an inspired project. Like in previous Syberia gems it focuses on the high road journey of the protagonist. The moral purpose behind Kate's decisions couldn't be more relatable, personally...It's probably just me, but I think that puzzles in all games should occupy very little space in my awareness whenever I'm solving them. I don't want to be presented these like standalone problems that have no relation to anything and are devised just to slow me down.Syberia 3, like her predecessors, isn't like that. It has places worth going that these puzzles enable, but they are melted into the reason why you care. And while they are an integrated part of the journey, they become just things you are actually delighted to tinker with.Syberia 3 has upheld the standard of its beautiful world, though admittedly it is less detailed when not drawn. But it's still reminiscent of steampunk, art nouveau aesthetics that visually defined first two.Last but not least: I love that the series has quietly embraced, perhaps without meaning so, the often solitary lifestyles of the many encounters throughout it. We peek into fascinating lives organized outside of society, so often around some passion or necessity, ocasionally a need to escape... I'm happy to see the game hold onto the old traditions it created for itself and that it celebrates individualism.I would recommend it to all, but not all will be able to appreciate it. And that is a fact I'm all right with.Ending:I have a lot to say about it, but I'm not going to. It begged for a sequel, certainly. The future a mystery, maybe."
76561198045937448,Recommended,464340,32198866,Posted: 5 June,all,linda.ostrom,I really liked this game. The graphics were amazing. The only problems I had with it was saving the game and keyboard controls. I like to save the game at the spot I'm in when I want to quit. I didn't like the fact I had to replay what I had already played because it decides when to save it. Overall I enjoyed playing it.
76561198319950096,Recommended,464340,31408581,Posted: 27 April,all,Alex Lazareff,Great story.Hopefully the controls are better with new patch.I recommend to play this game!!!!Thank you developers!!!
76561198087437508,Recommended,464340,31276435,Posted: 21 April,all,hopheylalaley,"Been waiting for the game for many years....and finally its here. People have some issues with game like optimization etc. I honestly didnt experience any bugs or lags during the game so i wont mention it as a con.The start made me quite worry...clinic...sick yukol in clinic of other people culture...i was afraid that the game would lose that atmosphere of previous games, that it would feel that i enter journey not with kate walker, but i was wrong. The more deeper my traveling led me the more i felt like its old Syberia.Another fear i had is that the game would have taken a casual way of modern games that it would make things quite simple. The design of quests changed indeed, now instead of tons of items, u have quite a few, but u solve things manually, not in tedious puzzle way like in Myst games style, but more like logically-thinkin-puzzle. And if u liek the challenge in games, u like to think and have another hour of thinkin and exploring til it hits you and u feel reliefed...then this game is what u want.Storyline is amazing, with pleasent surprises throu the journey and fascinating ending....if u have finished the game u might ask me what fascinatin did i find in the ending? My answer is that its promising us Syberia 4...journey is not over and that truly warms my heard amongst syberian snow.Thank you Benoît Sokal!P.S: I live in Syberia (Russia) and this game makes me have fantasy about what a fairy tale could  lie behind mountains in here"
76561198140890584,Recommended,464340,31263544,Posted: 20 April,all,Vinnie,"It's finally here, and it has been so long.Pros: Great story lines as always.Graphics are passable by today's standards.Cons:Performance is not good.Too many audio glitches.(all sounds like editing errors)Facial animations and lip syncs are poorly done.So, it's a good game, but it seems rushed, hope they will fix these in the next patch. I would have asked for a refund if I wasn't such a big fan of Syberia."
76561198176517653,Recommended,464340,31279473,Posted: 21 April,all,ooleksiiuk,"Oh come on you guys complaining about lips being out of sync and weird game controls. Syberia series of games is like a girlfriend you love more than anything and she suddenly starts producing death-smelling farts. I mean you don't quit loving her, do you? DO YOU?!Syberia 1 and 2 were just perfect and I hardly image an adventure game that tops them. The 3rd one made a bold decision to step away from the game flow we all got used to, and to adjust to the modern world adventure games. I am not a gamer, but it did not take me more than 5 minutes to get used to controls and the fact that you need to get close to objects to interact with them makes this game even more exciting. I enjoy that much more than a game set where I can discover all I need with just some mouse travel.I am so happy this game is finally released and despite some minor bugs it has, Syberia 3 makes me feel good."
76561197998067852,Recommended,464340,32112225,Posted: 1 June,all,Anne Frank,legit
,Recommended,464340,31365130,Posted: 25 April,all,Mitch_no_one,Waiting for Syberia 3: Episode 1 ... I guess.
,Recommended,464340,31266079,Posted: 20 April,all,レッドパンダRedPandaレッドパンダ,"I wish i was point & click but i love the graphics it goes back to syberia 1 and 2 with a lil more flavour, the controls take a bit to get used to but the game is amazing so far love the voice acting and the story is great."
76561198121144116,Recommended,464340,31276299,Posted: 21 April,all,FraCtureD-Muffin-cAKe,"With the long wait it is finally here and my excitment nearly overboils for Syberia 3 as a lover of the previous 2 games.On starting the game it does recommend a controller, we will just try the keyboard...........Damn where is my controller,the controller is the better of the 2 for this game :)On first look its very pretty and i would expect no less from ""Microids"" I am in love with this game even with its flaws.This is apperant in the lipscync issues and the characters speech cutting out midway through the occasional sentance.The story once again has pulled me in to another world of mystery and mayhem.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaMlOJRPoJ96meteoPLt5MD0Lc8Kjukcw"
,Recommended,464340,31336487,Posted: 24 April,all,FatSackMonk,"Syberia was one of my favorite point & click AVG games. A classical point & click game has its unique game play, and it's the base where a point & click game is built on. When the developer decided not to keep the classical point & click style, it had already half dead.The game quality is terrible, no doubt. When the developer decided to use Unity, they had already decided to ruin the game. I don't want to repeat what others say how terrible and problematic it is, those problems are all true.But I still recommend this game. It has successfully brought back my memories that 13 years ago the good days I enjoyed Syberia, and I can ignore all of the terrible bugs and lags, I just can. The story is not as good as the old series but I'm still enjoying it. This is the only reason I recommend it.If it was built with the old Syberia engine, kept the classical point & click game play, I think it would gain a very high rank today even with the same graphic quality that 13 years old. The developer should've known that, however they decided not to do it in the right way, and further more they preferred spending money on Denuvo to make the terrible game engine worse. And they made it."
76561198256325431,Not Recommended,464340,31261463,Posted: 20 April,all,ljoneshav,I will stick to syberia 1 and 2. the graphics looked wonderful in the video introduction but the controls are dreadful. So disappointed. It  also kept freezing.
76561198082032795,Recommended,464340,31306549,Posted: 22 April,all,Talk Show Host,Just like Dying Light only with more automatons
76561198031158396,Recommended,464340,31354154,Posted: 25 April,all,Youtube=Hippo Reddy,Controls are bad but Puzzles are good
,Recommended,464340,31561804,Posted: 5 May,all,OutlawBlade49,"If you enjoy playing a game with great puzzles, story and beautiful scenery to look at then this game is for you then.I enjoy every second of this game. It felt great to play another Syberia game.The only problem with this game that I notice were three things.1. The game did have a bit of lag now and then not sure why but still love the game though.2. Even though you can play with the controller their were moments that if I wanted to go up or down the stairs I would occasionally get stuck trying to walk up or down the stairs instead but everything else was okay though.3. Rarely sometimes the characters wouldn't open their mouth at all when they were talking to Kate.But overall I give this game 10/10."
,Recommended,464340,31473268,Posted: 30 April,all,lightbrand33,"Just started playing so story wise no idea...but...pc gamers be ready for the worst ever controls.... moving is insane... why they did not stick with point and click.....Lack of manual save is really bothering me.... I want to play... but well I need to make time and sometimes I need to end the game meaning I probably will loose all the progress, I hate that....But If you love Syberia like I do, you will buy it... and finish it even with all the problems it has...."
,Not Recommended,464340,34659808,Posted: 1 September,all,A Bananna[SuperEvil],"Bloody awful voice acting. Why was the Colonel and Olga set on coming after the the Youkol's and Kate, hard to belive that they are just that racist. Hopefully this is adressed in Syberia 4, along with better voice acting. Whoever voiced Captain Obo was the best voice in the game, but you killed him, thanks a lot.And the controls suck too."
76561198127825728,Recommended,464340,31360672,Posted: 25 April,all,partyfearstwo,"Noticed game contains ""Kate Walker"" sideboob..... immediately purchased!!!  10/10"
,Not Recommended,464340,31261241,Posted: 20 April,all,ZiCell,"Well, here we have it. Excuse me, sir, what year is it now? No, seriously. 2017? Are you sure? No, no need to call the police, I'm fine.You see, I just played a videogame that came out literally couple of hours ago, and it felt like I'm in 2006. Yeah, it's really bad. No, 2006 is not bad. 2006 in 2017 – that's the thing. Sorry? Anything good about it, you asking? I guess, the adventure itself is kinda nice. It's Syberia, after all. What else? Nothing. I wish I didn't have to disparage it, but it really hurts. I'm sorry.I'll finish the game anyway. I have respect for the work. I like adventures. I feel bad for leaving a thumbs down, but I cannot recommend it to anyone who's never played and enjoyed games in early 2000s and specifically Syberia. I mean, to anyone who expects a modern quality game. And this is a review of something that was expected to be of modern quality.It looks bad. It sounds bad. Controls are bad. Story is cute. It just does not belong to the current generation. Videogames can do so much more nowadays. This piece would've probably earned my recommendation somewhere 10 years ago."
76561198045398611,Not Recommended,464340,31266190,Posted: 20 April,all,Peter,"The game is just AWEFUL, save your money. Voice sinking is all out of wack. Keyboard and mouse controls are just atrocious trying to move the character around. They say it's best played with a controller yet the XBox controller doesn't work at all !!  The game is a BIG Failure !!!"
,Not Recommended,464340,31292001,Posted: 22 April,all,PINKIE,it's one of the worst pieces of♥♥♥♥♥♥in the history of ♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970609628,Recommended,464340,31290138,Posted: 21 April,all,Budoshi,.
,Recommended,464340,31259842,Posted: 20 April,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561198043328925,Not Recommended,464340,35006303,Posted: 16 September,all,Mariaralyn,"I grew up playing Syberia 1 and 2, and when I heard another game was finally being made, I ofcourse got very excited about it. After waiting so long, finally getting a conclusion to the story of Syberia seemed awesome. Boy was I wrong...Die hard Syberia fans will be disappointed by this. Not only are there numerous bugs in the game, but the story itself is just... weak. There are hints of the whimsical and inventive story of Syberia 1 and 2, but not many. The ending especially was very disappointing to me. The game just seems very rushed and unimaginative. The only redeeming factor for me was that that a lot of the original voice-actors came back to reprise their roles or take on other characters. In my opinion, if  you want to play this game, wait a bit. Wait until you know that there's another Syberia game in the making. Otherwise, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,464340,31277400,Posted: 21 April,all,C L A W,"Pros:-graphics are beautiful-the world is very detailed-the music is beautiful-I liked the story although it could have been better-the puzzles are challenging enoughCons:-I liked the story although it could have been better,alot better-the graphics are badly optimised-controls are horrible-bad voice synchronisation-camera view is horrible-there are many bugs-doesn't feel as magical as the first two gamesOverall:I would say stay away from this game if you are not a syberia fan ,especially because of the camera view and the controls. IF you are a syberia fan then give this game a try and if you find thecamera view angles are too much for you too handle then refund it. I would say it is an OK game but doesnt even come close to the first two syberia games."
76561198271993083,Recommended,464340,35246877,Posted: 27 September,all,WatchMeStun,"I was looking forward to playing the 3rd part of the series since I enjoyed the first two a lot, and I was not dissapointed. The complex narative coupled with a strong voice acting was what sold me in the first games and I'm glad to see that this hasn't changed. Additionally, the graphics look better thanks to the Unity engine and the little changes like being able to control your character using WASD just add up to the emerging experience."
,Not Recommended,464340,35261323,Posted: 28 September,all,Mine Turtle,"If there was a ""Maybe"" selection i would have picked that but for now I'm leaning more towards a ""No"". So far from what I've played the graphics are beautiful and the story seems to be ok. But that seems to be where the good things end.The voice acting isn't that great. It feels like they just rushed out their lines. And at times they kinda sounds like the google translate voice. Also the lip-synching doesn't the voices that well either. The controls feel really awakard and clanky. You can tell it was made more for a controller, not for mouse and keyboard. The cutscenes don't seem too bad but while playing the game there seems to be quite alot of lag/stutter.I wish I could say more good things about this as I was a fan of the other Syberia games."
76561198424342767,Not Recommended,464340,35502403,Posted: 5 October,all,hatesbgates,"I loved the first 2 Syberia games so much that I didn't listen to the reviews. Talk about one CRAPPY control system. It is NOT mouse friendly, nor is it controller friendly. I spend most of the time recrossing back and forth between the same 2 screens because of the fancy camera tricks as you move around. Completely stuck trying to change gears (fast). Can't happen with the sloppy mouse control. By the time I finally shove it into 1st, the cursor is imbedded into the top of the screen somewhere and by the time I get it eventually into 3rd and BACK into 2nd(?) it is WAY too late. Stuck big time. Thanks to whoever came up with the abortion of a control system I will never even think about buying another in this series again."
76561198176169069,Recommended,464340,35502980,Posted: 5 October,all,Vantage-Meez,"Except for the unnecessary end and -frankly- the horrible water animations, the game is fine. You could feel the whole development team was out of breath at the last two chapters. Still, the general atmoshere bears the imprint of an exhausted Benoit Sokal. This means many overused game cliches, few surprises and stale dialogues. The music is quite good, however, but characters are  .. meh."
