user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198037116261,Recommended,464350,23746703,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Atavus,function screepsReview(person){||    if(person.isProgrammer() && person.isGamer()) {||        return SCREEPS_LOVE;||    } else {||        return LEARNING_OPPORTUNITY;||    }|||}
76561198034613083,Recommended,464350,32153007,Posted: 3 June,all,SekRanger,What do you do for your job? .... CodingWhat do you do for hobby? ... CodingTruly a game for coder.
,Recommended,464350,23669365,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,BonzaiFerroni,"First things first, I have many more ""hours on record"" than will show on the review, I've been playing in the browser for several weeks now. Actually I'll let my github activity chart speak for me:http://i.imgur.com/MaBBLLN.pngOn to the review. There is nothing else to compare this game to, it is a shiny gem sitting all alone in the genre it just made up. As the description talks about, your job is to program an AI to do your bidding in the world of Screeps. You are not alone. There are other AIs inhabiting this world, some programmed for evil, some for good, and some with tons of bugs (mine). If the idea of of a RTS MMO where you control your units, base, combat, and resource gathering 100% through code intrigues you, then you are exactly the type of player this game was made for.Pros:-Completely new game concept that appeals to programmers or people wanting to learn programming-Friendly community to pester with questions-Well-documented API-Balanced game mechanics that rewards more seasoned programmers without punishing newcomers-A chance to be a clever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with your coding skills-Best way imagineable to learn Javascript, if you've been meaning toCons:-Pricing structure might be a bit confusing, subscription is likely needed for MMO play-Early access game, occasional bugs, mostly cosmetic-Pretty steep learning curve that won't be forgiving for casual players or those who aren't really into programmingJust a word about the pricing. Basically you are paying to have your code run 24/7 on a remote server. In light of this, the 10 free CPU is fairly generous and would be enough to have a smaller-scale operation in the game world. Half of the fun is optimizing your code, so it would be possible to participate and enjoy the MMO from that angle. But if you want to be a kingpin in the MMO world, you are going to want a subscription, plain and simple. It isn't like Guild Wars where you buy once and have lifetime access AND be on the same footing as everyone else. I think the devs could be a bit more clear on that.If you don't know Javascript, you are probably wondering if you should even try. Learning Javascript was actually the main reason I was interested in this game. I can't think of a more engaging way to learn a new coding language. I wish the had a game like this for all the languages I wanted to learn/maintain. There are nicely padded novice areas where you can start and learn at your own pace.If your main interest is the RTS elements and you are hoping the coding thing won't get in the way, you'll probably want to avoid this game. You'll easily spend 1/3 of your time in a text editor/IDE, 1/3 observing the game world, and 1/3 in the IRC chat asking questions or looking things up in the API. If that actually sounds FUN to you, get this game right away.edit: as another reviewer mentioned, there is a risk-free way to find out if this game is right for you, you can do the tutorial athttps://www.screeps.com/"
,Recommended,464350,24292932,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,anisoptera,"Help me, I can't stop writing code for my digital ant farm.Sometimes I manage to stop writing code and then I can't stop watching my digital ant farm.I've set up an Elasticsearch/Kibana instance to monitor my digital ant farm so I don't always have to look at it directly.I've learned an entirely new programming language (TypeScript) because of my digital ant farm.I often see the sun come up now. And it's all thanks to these jerks and their amazingly ruinous game.And my digital ant farm.I'll go to bed eventually, but first, I need to implement better spawning mechanics..."
,Recommended,464350,32577090,Posted: 19 June,all,AmandaRekonwit,"My god. This game is crack for programmers.I love this game with a passion, but there are some things to note.1. As of this date, 6/19/2017, the main server is overloaded.As such, the game crawls at a snail's pace....This will hopefully be addressed relatively soon.In the meantime, I recommend getting a basic resource mining base running, and testing more robust live code on private servers or the simulation before deploying more complicated code to the slow as all hell main server.2. This is a subscription based game in addition to the base game's cost.... Unless you're intending to play solo forever (dumb), or join up with only a few friends on a private server for all eternity (also dumb, in my opinion) ...The monthly fee is fairly reasonable given how unique this game is.But it's not apparent right up front, that you need to buy CPU processing power monthly.3. They really need to give us more CPU processing power.That all said, I love this game. So, so, so much."
76561198000942680,Recommended,464350,29156238,Posted: 9 January,all,Just A Robit,buy gameknow nothing about programmingdo tutorialstill know nothing about programmingwatch tutorial videounderstand a littlewrite basic command in consolewatch little baby creep be bornwatch little baby creep not movewhat do I do nowwatch move videosunderstand a little morewrite basic codewatch baby creep start to movefall in love with baby creepwatch baby creep die of old agefeel sadwatch new baby creep be bornfall in love againmake baby creep mine energyfeeling so proud of baby creepfeeling like a dadfeel like he needs a brotherbaby creep 2 is bornlove my little babiesfast forward a dayhave full family nowmany generations of baby creeps have passedbaby creeps repairing building harvesting and scoutinglove my baby creep familyattackedall diefeel devastateddie a little inside myselfrespawnwatch little baby creep be bornfall in love again
76561197994785615,Recommended,464350,24521290,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Cysote,"I am not a programmer, but I got my creeps to harvest some energy.  I got my creeps to make more creeps.  I got my creeps to improve their colony.I am not a programmer, but I got my creeps to build some containers, to build a storage, to build defenses.I am not a programmer, but I got my creeps to gather arms, to rally together, and to defeat my enemy who was camped right next to me.I am not a programmer, but I got my creeps to establish a new colony, to expand into a new area, and to work together with my main colony to become stronger than ever.I am still not a programmer, but maybe my creeps will eventually get me there, as I teach them how to dominate their world under my name."
,Recommended,464350,31267433,Posted: 20 April,all,Spike Fingercot,"Last year in October I suffered a stroke resulting in partial paralysis in my left side. Since then gaming has been an exercise in frustration. If you can't reliably hit WASD with good timing, most games are a waste. A coworker introduced me to this game though, and it's quickly become my obsession. I don't need lightning-fast reflexes or extreme precision to excel; I simply write code that lets the game run itself and refine as I go along."
,Recommended,464350,30596083,Posted: 18 March,all,LeonidasFett,"public PlayScreeps(player: Player): void {|    if(player.HasRealLife) |        throw new Exception(""Not anymore"");|}"
,Recommended,464350,33549839,Posted: 14 July,all,Dan,"if (You.knowHowToCode) {⁢ ⁢ ⁢⁢⁢⁢⁢⁢⁢⁢purchaseThisGame(cardNum, expDate, secCode);} else {⁢ ⁢ ⁢⁢⁢⁢while(!You.knowHowToCode) {⁢ ⁢ ⁢⁢⁢⁢ ⁢ ⁢ ⁢⁢⁢⁢You.learnToCode();⁢ ⁢ ⁢⁢⁢⁢⁢}⁢ ⁢ ⁢⁢⁢⁢purchaseThisGame(cardNum, expDate, secCode);}"
,Recommended,464350,28199746,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Krampus,"To call this a ""niche"" game would be understatement of the year.If you have ever fantasized about being on the winning side when Skynet takes over you may be within the target audience."
76561197994458769,Recommended,464350,26637509,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,"Billy Bill ""The Bill"" Bill","Note about hours played: I started playing with the steam client, but soon moved to the web interface (It's the same world/account, it doesn't matter which you use). Hours spent is more in the 600+ range by now.Great game, I heartily recommend it! To thoose on the fence regarding programming background - I took a few programming classes in college (6+ years ago), but haven't done anything with it since. I did the tutorial for Screeps, and went through some of the free javascript courses and was able to get into it. The first couple weeks were a struggle as I got all of the syntax down (and was killed once), but since then my code (and knowledge) has grown a lot. Those who are already experienced programmers can get into it a lot faster, I'm sure.The fun of the game primarily comes from first figuring out how to get things done (holy crap my creeps are actually mining energy and returning it to make more!), and then for optimizing it (uh oh my creeps are mining energy but are blocking each other....). There's also a flourishing alliance system, with wars being declared on other players/alliances, with WW2 blitzkrieg attacks overwhelming players in a matter of an hour or two, to established alliances/players nuking and fighting back and forth for days at a time, a war of economies and attrition.Like most multiplayer games, the game will be what you make it. Join the active slack chat, interact with the players/neighbors, ask for help, and it will be a lot of fun. Every new problem/issue you solve in the game brings a great feeling of accomplishment with it. There's nothing quite like coding a little army to attack your annoying neighbor and destroy them!"
76561198247182854,Recommended,464350,28643383,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,FlyingPiMonster,"This is an amazing game. You will spawn in. You will write some code, get your units to harvest some energy, and think you are awesome at this game. You will come back the next day and be dead. So you will respawn. And you will do it better this time. You will write some quality code, and plan strategically, and then you will imagine your empire in its full glory.Then you will hit the CPU cap. So you will refactor. Then you won't like your code anymore and think it is a mess. So you will rewrite everything from scratch. And you will enjoy every bit of it. (Well, most of it.)If you're not sure about buying this game because you don't know how to program, don't worry. Programming isn't hard. There are plenty of tutorials online, and once you get the basics of Javascript, the awesome community on the Slack channel will be glad to help you out.Happy coding!"
,Recommended,464350,23974317,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DuhbleB,"As an avid programmer, I don't think I've ever been so happy with a game purchase in my life.It's been years since I've woken up in a buzz, wanting to see how my colony is going and if my code messed up.I hadn't taken the time to learn this particular language yet, so it was a wonderful way of expanding my arsenal of binary-speak.Heed this warning, all ye non-programmers: I'd rather not take away from this game's sales, but I would absolutely recommend heading over toscreeps.comand scrolling down, clicking on the LIVE DEMO button, and running through the tutorial. Because this game is programming, and if you don't like it, you won't like it.EDIT: Formatting"
76561198001410500,Recommended,464350,23775970,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,trollberry,"There are many games out there that claim to improve your brain; increasing memory retention, attention to detail, improve problem solving and prodding creativity.  This game claims nothing of the sort but it could do so and be fully justified.It is not a game for people that dislike thinking about problems in depth or just want some light entertainment.  There are plenty of other games for that, rather it is a game that lets you stretch yourself and feel like you just got a tiny bit smarter for each new challenge that you solve on your quest to evolve your domain.I would reccommend this game to anyone interested in general programming, computer science, engineering, logic and World Domination.If you want to IMPROVE (not start from scratch) your knowledge of Javascript, this game is for you.If you want to build autonomous rovers, this game is for you.If you want to study data storage and retrieval, this game is for you.If thinking about pathfinding logic keeps you awake at night with excitement, this game is for you.If you like to plan out contingency scenarios, this game is for you.If a book on genetic algorithms sits dog-eared on your bookshelf, this game is for you.If you secretly harbour a desire to eliminate all life on the planet via murderous AI, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,464350,28937878,Posted: 2 January,all,Syncaidius,"This game is amazing. I found it accidently while browsing the steam store. At first it looked like nothing. A game where you program creeps (more like ants) to collect resources and build stuff for you. I was wrong.It turned out to be an MMO with a world full of players, all of which are programmers from all walks of life.When I first tried the live demo, my Javascript skills were extremely rusty. Last time I did any real JS work was back in college. I found myself googling lots of JS-related ""how to"" and after a couple of hours I finally had a working AI that could build and use harvesters. At this point I bought the game and never looked back since.If you want to start learning Javascript and need a fun way to do it, or want see how your skills hold up against other programmers, you'll like (maybe love) Screeps. Literally everything in the game can be controlled via your Javascript AI. Construction, resource-gathering, defense, attacking, trading, alliances. You name it, your AI can control it.The tick-rate on the MMO side of the game isn't crazy-fast, but that shouldn't be a problem if you're not sitting there watching time slowly pass by, because that isn't what this game is about. It's about making an AI that can pretty much play the game for you and beat other people's AI. But if you really want a faster tick rate, you're also able to host your own private server and configure numerous options, including the tick-rate.The game is newb-friendly. You'll be given the option to spawn in ""novice"" rooms, which likely have other newbies nearby, as well as receive a safe-mode each time you (re)spawn, which protects you for a short time against attackers.Death/losing is another thing the developers managed to get right. Getting beaten by another person's AI feels more like a learning experience instead of an annoyance. Each death reveals a weakness in your AI that you can work to improve over time. Every room in the game records its history, which you can replay to see what went down while you were away.11/10 - Probably the best accident I've participated in. Also the must fun I've had re-learning a programming/scripting language. :)EDIT 02/02/2017 - Having been around for more than a month now I can truthfully tell you, the developer really does support this game to the best of their ability. Despite not being early-access, there are some pretty big things on the way.If you're wondering why my play time is only 12 hours, its because I mostly play via a browser. You can literally play Screeps anywhere."
,Recommended,464350,26667692,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Abeltensor,"Screeps is a pretty fun game if you already understand the basics of JavaScript.  If you are an expert in some of the other languages that can be compiled down to JavaScript, there is some support for Scala, Fsharp, Dart, CoffeeScript, TypeScript and clojurescript etc. I'm sure it wouldn't be hard to implement the game in other languages if you prefer.  I see the potential for this game as a teaching software but I also see it as a really fun Video game. As a expert JavaScript programmer, I had no problems reading the admittedly skimpy documentation and building some fairly complex AI systems.The Cost to play the game could be a gate to stop some people from trying it, but unlike other Sub based video games, you cost is actually justified. The actual CPU/Server cost of hosting this many javascript game loops in a concurrent real-time system is pretty steep. Also, if you want to try the game, just go over to their website and play through the tutorial and simulator.  This will give you a decent idea of if you like this style of game or not.There are many ways to approach this game.  You can build an AI system that dynamically shifts based on the rooms you are in and the events that are happening in the world that you can see.  You can choose to make a set of AI that uses just a bunch of simple If/else statments or build up large classes and prototypes.  You can completely overhaul and create your own methods that help you accomplish things that aren't currently in the API. Having to script on the fly when a player attacks you can be quite a bit of fun and can be a bit intense.Overall, I can certainly recommend Screeps but only to people who have a solid understanding of programming. If you don't have at a basic understanding of JavaScript or programming in general you might find yourself a bit too lost to be able to fully take advantage of your free first month. You can certainly sit down with the tutorial and simulator and try to sharpen you skills that way, but I can't recommend buying the full game unless you are confident enough in your programming skills."
,Recommended,464350,30715261,Posted: 24 March,all,Komir,"If you enjoy writing macros to automate games more than actually playing the games, this is for you.If you want to spend weeks learning Javascript (or any language that compiles to JS), this is for you.If you like the idea of writing an AI to control a robot army, this is for you.If you enjoy finding and fixing logic flaws, this is for you.If you like solving infinitely complex problems, this is for you.But seriously if any of these appeal to you check out thetutorialathttps://screeps.com"
,Recommended,464350,34121652,Posted: 9 August,all,Kupo!,"EDIT:If you are still unsure after reading all the other reviews, please use the simulator athttps://screeps.com/a/#!/sim/tutorialYou do not need to register or anything, just try it and see how this game looks for you!This game is a programing game, and a programing game only.So it comes with all its advantages and disadvantages, for example the relief and accomplishment feeling if something works as intended but as well if something goes horribly wrong.If you do not fix your mistakes, either because you can't find them or don't have the time to do it, this will slowly have an impact on your colony, as creeps die approx. every hour (on shard1) and you lose controller level if no creep upgrades it resulting in fewer construction possibilities as well as no new energy to do things if no creep harvest it.You can always rehab from this as your scripts stay and you always have a base energy you can work with to spawn simple creeps, so there is that.Everyone who programmed, knows how frustrating it can be to not find an error in your program or something does not behave like you want it to do. You will have that. A lot. Like always in programing, so keep that in mind. For me, the advantages of actively seeing my steady improving code in a live environment visually outvages the disadvantages heavily.If you ask yourself, can i program in this game with javascript? Can i learn with it?, i have an answer for you. It depends solely on you. You see reviews where people complain this is not for learners, others say it is easy to get into.I can only share my experience i had, and i tell you: I've never done anything in javascript. Nothing. I worked a little with C, with C#, PHP, and other stuff, but always just a little. Not that i would call me in anyway some expert, i don't do it for a living. And i can well maintain my colony, you just need to understand logic to program, programing language matters little as you have some code snippets in the api where everything is well enough explained (i used it almost always for everything) as well as more and more users releasing some of their starter scripts where you can copy it, use it, and then improve it to your advantages. So i would say: Go for it, go and buy the steam version without subscription in the first place. But if you know yourself you struggle with simple coding (no matter what language) or just hate to be frustrated because of syntax or non-syntax errors, as well as never haven't programmed even something basic yourself, you may as well be better without it. You decide!"
,Recommended,464350,33600853,Posted: 16 July,all,PeekItUp,"What Screeps isn't: a way to learn about programming or even Javascript.What Screeps is: Create your own RTS AI. The tutorial is essentially just ""Here are a few examples and here is the API. Have fun!""I highly recommend it to anyone with programming experience. I could program but did not know Javascript. This was a good excuse to learn Javascript syntax."
76561198006646476,Not Recommended,464350,25632947,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Harrier cz,"Overall rating is very positive, but i don't think this reflects current state of game.Here is what i got on my mind.little update: I didn't really wanted to downvote screeps, i just want to point out some issues that aren't disclosured on store page.Response to dev: I aggree with some points, but i'm not going change opinion about subscription trading.You may see fast swarming creeps in trailers, but the game is VERY slow. Tick rate is constantly raising from what i read ( 1.5 to 2.5 steam release and currently  3 seconds per tick).For example if your creep is not fatigued (eg. walking on road) he can move once per 3 seconds and if you have colony (like me) in swamp it's very annoying.Check current tick rate yourself  (3.30 at this time)Which also mean you will get less value from subscription (less ticks per month).If there is still chance to buy screeps without subscription like was before i would do that. Because before you hit 10CPU limit subscription will expire (maybe little exaggerating, depends how successful you will be).Then there is subscription token trading (you can't trade first month you bought with game), thing i fear most. When you get controller level to use market you can sell subscription tokens for (any?) resources. I'm trying to avoid pay to win games and this still isn't disclosured anywhere on store page.Novice areas aren't really novice, it's place where everyone (veterans and new players) can start from scratch without being wiped by fully developed players.Most players in novice will die out because got error in code after going offline.If not and  player is not fast enough to build tower before first free safe mode runs out he is in big trouble. He get's rushed or is forced to waste safe mode by low effort rush attack.Rooms get safe mode every controller upgrade (it's very slow and limited) or by using ghodium which i bet you can buy with subscription tokens.Safe mode length by current tick rate is 18 hours, no cooldown on safe mode in novice area is verry annoing.I got more things on mind, but these are main issues."
76561198011701234,Recommended,464350,31691614,Posted: 11 May,all,Ian,"I am a teacher and I use this game to help students understand the basics of conditional logic, variables, classes, loops and functions. It is a fun way to dive into programming."
,Recommended,464350,25257000,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,mooncommander,Just fended off an attack and then counter attacked by writing code under pressure.Amazing.
,Recommended,464350,32923013,Posted: 28 June,all,Avoyt the Wolf,"I could sleep...but what if this new code I wrote for my harvesters has a glitch? I guess while I'm waiting to check that, I can improve my spawning algorithm some more..."
,Not Recommended,464350,28173252,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Gricey,"Not a bad game persay, but worth nowhere near the price and definitely not worth a subscription, even if you buy 6 months at a time for the cheapest subscription.Tick rate is too slow for the game to be exciting to watch like it is in the crazy sped-up promo videos, which are very misleading to how the game actually plays. Instead of the 10 moves a second you see in the videos, the official server runs at more like one tick every 4 seconds.In-game editor lacks syntax highlighting or warnings for simple things like missing a semicolon, meaning you'll want to also set up something like WebStorm to actually play properly.Debugging is hard because the game lacks breakpoints or even being able to log objects to the console and inspect them.If you like programming and watching paint dry, then this might be for you. I'd pick it up if it either didn't have the subscription or if it didn't have an upfront cost and was subscription only. If you like programming, just buy TIS-100 instead, it's programming but more fun, more polished and less than half the price.I wish I could get a refund, but I left it open while setting up webstorm and reading how to set up my own server to get any sort of decent tickrate and now I've got 3 hours. Edit: Steam gave me a refund"
,Recommended,464350,27972432,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bovius,"Survival advice:Join the slack channel! Recent studies have found that regular slack activity reduces your chance of !murder by 80%.Losing Is Fun. Your first attempt at an empire will fail. Learn from it and try again. Improvements to your code base are far, far more valuable than any rooms you might have lost.This isnota zombie apocalypse; don't roll out with your creep shotgun ready to shoot every shambling 1-room AI you can reach. Your neighborhood zombies are providing you a useful service. Think of them as a warm corpse blanket that you wrap around yourself and help you hide from the nearby 300 CPU titan.You know that lab / mineral compound stuff that you'll ""get to eventually""? Every player around you that ""got to that eventually"" can wipe you whenever they want to. They haven't yet because you are providing them a useful service. See the above point.Your walls and ramparts do not have enough hits.Your walls and ramparts do not have enough hits.Sooner or later you will have TooAngel trying to move in next to you and will have to regularly spray for his creeps. We think there's a nest somewhere. Don't leave any energy crumbs out.Play with the market! You can start getting benefit from that mineral source pretty early. But don't worry when prices swing wildly. It is almost certainly dissi's fault."
76561198013635344,Recommended,464350,25746497,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Poelie,"Alright I've got a nice little base set-up over here. Got my energy miners, got some creeps hauling energy from the miners to the stores. Got a nice little tower set-up to defend against any attackers... Oh, there's an attacker right now.♥♥♥♥♥♥MY TOWER CODE IS RETURNING ERRORS, QUICK FIX THE BUGS WHILE THE ATTACKER IS COMING FOR MY TOWERS! That went alright. OH♥♥♥♥♥♥MY SECOND ROOM IS UNDER ATTACK, IT HAS NO TOWER DEFENSE, AND I DIDNT GET TO MY COMBAT UNIT CODE YET.Never have I coded under this much pressure. 10/10"
,Recommended,464350,26729901,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ross A. Lyghna,"I found this lovely game by accident while browsing through Steam, and since then I've lost several hours to it writing, revising and perfecting code. It's strangely addicting.The fun lies in successfully automating the script. It's especially satisfying when I come back from a tedious day to see that my base has grown by itself.It was rocky for me at first, since my programming was absolutely rusty: I needed to take several hours for one step of a tutorial just to analyze the practices and methodologies used (along with the documentation). I even needed to look back at my course notes to refresh my memory. However, afterwards it was smooth sail: the game's mechanics became natural to me and I decided to refine some scripts to get a good start in multiplayer.I'm very happy I found this game, I have finally something productive AND fun to do."
,Recommended,464350,28053976,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Maxion,"Note: I am not associated with the developers in any way, I've just been playing a lot recently.Screeps is a game for programmers.But it is possible for someone without any previous programming experience to learn it with enough dedication, though I recommend at least learning some basics of programming/JavaScript from somewhere like codecademy first. And try the free tutorial before you buy the game (I am still running code that started out based on the tutorial code, 2 months later).The game has deceptively simple visuals, but a lot of increasingly complex systems that you gain access to as you progress within the game, providing interesting challenges for your programming ability. How complex it ends up getting depends in part on how much of it you end up wanting to automate. Pretty much anything you can do, you can get your code to do for you.Like most programming, you are going to want to look things up in the documentation, which covers all the different elements your code can interact with, and has examples for most functions.I also highly recommend joining the excellent and helpful community on the Slack chat.I recommend that new players spawn in the green novice areas around the edges of the map, so that any combat you get into is at least with someone of relatively similar power to you, instead of getting wiped out on a whim by an established player. You will want to get a tower and some defensive code up by the time your safe mode ends, and remember you can activate another safe mode from your controller if you have any available.Your main progression is your continued improvement of your code, most players respawn a few times.As for what I think of the game, I love it!This game has really reignited and fueled my passion for programming unlike anything before it.The learning curve may be a bit steep, but that is part of the fun/challenge.The community is great, and I spend a lot of time chatting on Slack and helping people with their questions and figuring out problems with their code. :) (helping people is optional of course, but I enjoy doing that)The developers are pretty responsive, and are continuing to improve the game, and fix issues that may be raised by the players.I find the subscription model fairly reasonable, and it is even possible to fund your subscription through your in game activities if you are reasonably good/developed. Though some choose to take on the additional optimization challenge of playing without a subscription and the additional limitations that gives.Buying the game on steam also gives access to private servers, which is an alternative/additional way to play the game, and is a good place to test your code before deploying it to the live server."
,Recommended,464350,23673438,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Figgis,"Fun programming game, I highly suggest you go through their tutorial before you buy it though.You can find it athttps://www.screeps.com/Also their documentation could be presented in a cleaner way."
,Recommended,464350,26729655,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,muppetarms,If you want to build your skills before testing the online subscription..CAUTION - pressing CONNECT starts the 30 day count down immediately!!I was hoping to learn the basics offline before trialling the 30 day subscription and got caught out.I'm sure it's not intentional and the concept is fantastic.If you want to learn the basics go toscreeps.comfirst and play with it until you're comfortable.To play in a local sandbox select Change server  -> Start server then CONNECT.This will give you best chance to evaluate your initial subscription. Happy coding!
76561197986407027,Recommended,464350,24751159,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,saturn__7,"This is one of the most fascinating games I've ever played.Screeps is basically a 24/7 MMO-RTS game where you write the AI of your force, and fight against other players' AIs. A large part of your AI is the management of your economy, which becomes progressively more challenging (respawn creeps, build roads, exploit other rooms, settle other rooms, combine minerals, and so on). The mechanics feel very fun and polished, and the devs have plans to add more challenges for experienced players.At the beginning, you control just one room, and start in a novice area where you fight for domination with other new players. The area opens up over time, becoming part of the whole world over 30 days, where you compete or trade with all other players,  and build an empire spanning more than 30 rooms. Even if you're wiped out, you can quickly reach your old strength, as the number of rooms you can settle never decreases.As this game is one of its kind, there are a few things to consider if you want to play it:Almost all interaction is done by writing JavaScript modules, so if you don't consider programming fun, you won't enjoy Screeps. You can start even as a complete programming novice, but you will need to invest a lot of time if you want to go beyond the basics.Also, if you spawn close to a more experienced player, she will kill you easily if she wants. So if you're unlucky, you'll wipe repeatedly until you know how to defend your base, and where it is safe to spawn. This will be challenging and frustrating, so be prepared for that.A third point is that the progression of the game is rather slow; you will build only a few buildings each day, and settle a new room every week (up to a month later). A single organized attack takes 1-2 hours at least, and taking a well-defended room will take days."
,Recommended,464350,32871779,Posted: 27 June,all,IndiJosh,I go to work and write .js all day. I come home and write .js all night. No regrets.
76561198011513057,Recommended,464350,30243267,Posted: 28 February,all,Squished,"As a programmer and a gamer I'm currently hyper addicted to this game.  I was hesitant about buying it because I was worried it would feel too much like work.  Delightfully, it doesn't at all.  It feels like I'm in the honeymoon phase of writing a game where the engine and all the assets are done and I can now happily tinker away at AI for the game.There is a very light touch of Eve Online in this game, where every player shares the same world, there's a market, and a real sense of distance and scale.  There is offline progress, and the excitement of getting up the next morning to see how your creeps did overnight.  There is ""city management"", optimizing how resources flow through your base(s).  Creeps are born, they die, and there is a constant need for resources to maintain a lively base.  There are occasionally NPC raids to keep things interesting, but they stay in one room and if you're not prepared for them, don't worry, they die from old age and you can start anew.In this game, progress is your code, and your global level.  Your base is just a means to those goals, and if you happen to get wiped out (I haven't yet), you keep both your code (so you can start up a new base quickly and efficiently with minimal intervention) and your global level (which determines how many rooms you can claim and how much cpu you can use).A fair review lists cons as well, and I can only think of two.  (1) There is an awesome feature which lets you replay the history of a room (so you can watch the entire night's goings-on at fast-forward pace if you want to) but there are unfortunately numerous gaps in the history due to bugs.  And (2) the MMO world ticks at a slower rate (once every 2.5 seconds or so) than private servers can (once per second, or even faster with caveats).  This is because there are so many players being processed simultaneously, even while offline.Overall, I'm hooked.  Great game."
76561198285179120,Recommended,464350,31827788,Posted: 18 May,all,bushdoctor2008,"I am old. Last time when I programming something for fun in real programming language, that was on C64.I almost forgot about this kind of passion, when i found this game.It's gave me a reason to start coding again, and feel the joy of logical thinking.Thanks for teaching me to fishing, and not gave me a fish;)"
76561198120487619,Recommended,464350,23667903,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,10 Pants,"this game is amazing, true if u dont know code it would be a bit difficult to get to grips with this game.i had never used javascript before but i am pretty good with C# C++, so im using this to learn javaScipt.if u enjoy programming or arent afraid of using your brain to play a game, then play this one."
,Recommended,464350,32936505,Posted: 28 June,all,Ghawblin,"Love this game, I'll list my personal PROs/CONs.PRO:Great way to get into programming, specifically JavascriptOn the above point, it has a great tutorial with a good starting point for your code, so you can ""add on"" to what it gives you instead of making everything from scratch.Solid Base Building ConceptsYour ""units"" are entirely of your design. Image starcraft or Warhammer Dawn of War, but you can make the units literally anything. I made a unit to upgrade my base, a unit to repair walls, a unit to harvest energy, and a unit that has crazy ranged attack, and a unit that specifically follows the unit with the range attack. You add ""body parts"" (WORK, CARRY, MOVE, TOUGH, ATTACK, RANGEATTACK, etc) to customize units.With one click of the mouse, you can start a personal server offline so you can play against computers (Who are dumb as hell). This is good if you're nervous about being bad at the game at first and don't want to go onlineCONs:No sounds or music. I understand this game is meant to be a ""Make your code, walk away for a day, come back and make updates"", but it'd be cool to have some.Not a lot of documentation. There's a website that has functinos and whatnot, but I found explainations to be lacking. For example, on the official website I couldn't find how much unit body parts cost, I had to go 3rd party. For something like Minecraft, and having to go to a 3rd party wiki, that's fine. But this game is very indepth.No UI scaling. I have a 4k Monitor and clicking around the UI and trying to read text is a pain."
76561198009981613,Recommended,464350,25220487,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Scruff McGruffin,"It not often that a game compels me to stay up till 2am making multipage excel spreadsheets with charts and graphs, color coded and loaded with functions. This game presents you with constant challenges to which there are numerous ways to solve.  It is Dynamic, expansive, and challenging."
76561198020967622,Recommended,464350,31012691,Posted: 8 April,all,Blurns,"What a great addictive game. My knowledge of scripting is basic and I’ve been wiped once already but it’s a great game. Spend hours upon hours trying to get things working just how you want then another hour looking for the typo. A game you can play between work then eats every spare hour you have.'99 little bugs in the code99 little bugs in the codeTake one down, patch it around117 little bugs in the code' @irqed"
76561198001588454,Recommended,464350,28245443,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Atomoton,"At first, I did not feel like this game was worth the subscription price.Then I realized I couldn't stop playing.I literally cannot stop. It's very slow paced. I seriously can't stop. It's sucking up all my productivity for other activities.I've never encountered a more addicting game.The time spent playing is not accurate, as I actually play through the browser, and I write my code using Webstorm. (you can get it for free with a .edu email address)."
76561197999105098,Recommended,464350,26487718,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TTR,"First of, a little bit of background: I am a Computer IT. I have a diploma and a degree. Started building computers around the age of 8 with my father.During my degree, which I just finished recently, I had to program a lot. Most of the time what I would program was for class, so not necessarily useful or interesting. That made me lose a bit of interest in coding. I know many languages and I've gotten to a point where I feel like I can learn any new language. It's just a matter of syntax, I already have the logic dialed in.Javascript is the most used scripting language on the web. Needless to say that I had to do a lot of it during my degree. I have worked with the framework upon which the game is built: NodeJS. Even made my own chat-server with NodesJS. It was built by google and can be very good for asynchronous operations. I have yet to implement asynchronous functions in screeps but I'm planning to use memory and callbacks to minimize CPU usage.Anyway, I diverged a bit there, my main point was that the work I had to do during my degree made me lose my interest in coding a bit.. okay maybe more than I can admit. But Screeps, I must say thanks. Thank you to the developers, this sparked my interest back. I am constantly thinking about algorithms, that's where I want to be, using my brains.I wake up in the morning thinking about my creeps, my new-born AI, how I need to check if everything is going alright. I have all sorts of designs and I cannot wait for the private servers to be available. Definitely going to make my own.I 100% recommend this to anyone, but my opinion is a little bit biased :P. Steep learning curve if you don't know programming but sooo worth it. Learn how to code in fun.My advice: when you don't know the javascript syntax then google ""javascript function"" and find your answers directly in the javascript documentation. For example array.sort() doesn't belong to the screeps libraries but to javascript. Learn to see those things. (If you can't find it in the Screeps documentation it most likely belongs to javascript)When you don't know what is going wrong use the console: console.log(whateverisuseful). Debug your code.When you don't know something about the screeps classes look at the API documentation onsupport.screeps.com. For example everything you need to know about creeps is in the documentation. Every single property the creep has and every single function. Every single body part you can give... Error codes are listed and even sample code for each function is under the ...Same for structures.. Everything is there, you just need to read it carefully and use it with your code. Don't trust people who will not take the time do their homework and who give poor reviews to this game. The documentation is very full and the game is fantastic.I have played everyday since I got the game and I am pretty sure there was an update every single day.(Today that is three days) The devs are very busy and the game is very alive.In case you are wandering about the lifetime CPU limit of 10, it's more than enough to increase your GCL(Global control level) with proper code, and the CPU limit increases with GCL. Gotta search onsupport.screeps.comto understand better. Basically, if you play well(optimized code and maximal usage of what's around you), you can increase your CPU limit without paying anything.A little bit more about GCL. Basically, every room has a controller which has a controller level. To increase the controller level you need to upgrade it. Every ""point"" you put towards upgrading the RCL(Room control level) counts towards upgrading the GCL. With one room you can upgrade your GCL, thus upgrading your CPU limit.The GCL does not decay so if you managed to achieve a certain CPU limit you will keep that for lifetime. The one month CPU limit of 30, that you buy with the game is mooooore than enough to increase GCL and get setup for future games. Increase it as soon as you buy the game and then you will be able to come back and get setup more easily.EDIT: It seems your GCL increased CPU limit is only active while a subscription is active. So even by playing there is no way around paying. Shame.. Oh well there is still the private servers.Oh if you want to see screeps videos they are a looot easier to find atsupport.screeps.comunder ""what's new"" in the monthly ""world reviews"".(The entire screeps world gets reviewed on a monthly basis and top activity is shared)If the CPU limit still deters you think about this:- EDIT: The private server is now released! You can play on your own server without limits.-You can also do like me and test the demo onscreeps.comthen decide.This is not a game that will teach you how to program per say. It will teach you the basics of how to manipulate the world but you will learn by yourself how to program. You will have a sandbox to experiment with. You'll see your code function/or not. You'll see it grow or perish! It is very rewarding. Even just the first steps.Hope this review helped! I'ma go check on my creeps :P. Cheers!"
,Recommended,464350,33661129,Posted: 19 July,all,Oldman543,"Overall 8/10;  A simple game with complex problems to solve.Overview:Excellent game for Programmers.!!!!!!Free version available via web browser!!!!!!- check that out before you commit to buying anything!!!!!Would recommend beginners use TypeScript. Languages other than JavaScript are supported. See below.Warning: building from scratch is time consuming.First I have enjoyed this game a lot.  Good enough that it is the first non-work programing I have done since college.  Like most good programs however this will take time, especially in getting the basic framework up and running.  Not necessarily a bad thing in my opinion but still a hassle.  If you can find someone’s code that you can understand and figure out how to modify after you get a hold of the commands and API I would recommend finding someone else’s already built basic functions code and modify it to your tastes.  There are lots out there and even fully automated complete ones.Basic functions include: harvesting energy and minerals, auto build basic buildings, auto repair, auto basic defense with at least turrets and 1 unit type available,  and auto spawn units/ hopefully with a priority que or similar.  Bonus if it includes building, pathing, and harvesting in other rooms.  From there you can tweak the code for optimization all you want and build your custom units/defense and plan your expansion/domination.  It takes a bit of the fun and challenge out of it but it will save your countless hours.  At the time of this writing I’m 75 coding hours into my session and i have only managed to do basic harvesting of energy, build, repair, and poor spawning method without a que yet.  I have much planned and could probably spend the same number of hours optimizing the pathing and functions of the units I have without even getting to defense or attack.Second, I bought this game without realizing that it has a free version which disappointed me as, more than a week in, I have not passed the free 10 CPU limit on the main server so I’m pretty much wasting the extra CPU I paid for.  Check out the free version, get your basic code setup, as soon as you are happy with the basics move on to the main server.  Honestly I’m not even ready for the main server yet but I wanted to give it a go anyway.  you can do almost everything in simulation with unlimited cpu without paying so I would suggest you do that and then if you want to go to the main server and you need the extra CPU buy it them.The game is written in JavaScript.  The steam client version has a built in IDE for JavaScript but it could be a bit better.  That is mostly JavaScript's fault however.  I would recommend looking up articles about TypeScreeps.  It shows you how to code in your own IDE with TypeScript for screeps which is a lot friendlier for programers, especially beginners.  There are setup instructions and everything out there.  More importantly it supports some other languages via conversion and even a portion of c natively for pathing and some other stuff so if you would rather use those then I would recommend it. Honestly the steam client version vs acess via web browser is that there is no setup on your computer to do.  It has its own premade environment with easy to use commit, branch, and change active code functions.  Very nice but probably doesn't make up for it not being a professional/your favorite IDE.Cheers."
76561197965554259,Recommended,464350,26704890,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,IACFI,// goOutside();|playScreeps();
76561198250607700,Recommended,464350,23905943,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Richie,"This game is great, that's my opinion.For my work i have to program in javascript and i'm just learning it. I got the game round the time it became a Steam game and i have learned a lot about javascript since then.The fact that you have to write smart and efficient code is cool and a great idea.I see a lot of people complain that you have to pay to play the game or that you have to pay to win the game. The Steam version gives you access to 10 cpu's that should be enough to play online. And if you don't want to pay to get further in the game then that you can get with the 10 cpu's then don't. I probably won't get a subscription either but i'm happy with that. The 30 cpu's that i got with the starter pack is more than enough for me right now.I can't wait till the stand alone/LAN world will be availible then i can do what i want and i could then even make my scripts work over the LAN on 2 pc's and see what one will win :)For me this is 1 of the best games i bought on Steam and i would give it more thumbs up than 1 if i could."
,Recommended,464350,28799425,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Vaelek,"This is it. All those pseudo coding battle tank / robot games WISH they were Screeps.The best way I can think of to describe this game, would be to take the oldschool Warcraft, keep core game mechanics and rules, and strip away all entity logic, which is where you come in to create it. 99% of the game is Javascript, with 1% being driven via the UI (though anything done via the UI can be automated as well).-Unlike another recent Javascript-centric game (Hackmud), there are no limitations here. If it is valid Javascript, it is useable.-Don't like the Steam or web clients? Roll your own using the API with the dev's blessingsI'm not really a fan of the subscription thing.. but after the trial month I will likely mostly stick to playing on a private server anyhow.. Though who knows, I may get sucked into a subscription off and on.The biggest challenge so far [at least for me] is making everything work under varying scenarios. As your AI code evolves and your colony grows, often code written tends to have quirks that don't work out so well and needs tweaking for example after being wiped out by an attack and starting back with 0 creeps again.Coming into this game without any prior coding knowledge could be rough, but definitely doable if you have the motivation to learn it.All in all, if you're a developer, this game is porn. 'Nuff said."
76561198013815057,Recommended,464350,26651790,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Cage,"I am a programmer and initially when I was first introduced to Screeps by my brother I thought oh no I really don't want to program after work when I've been doing it all day! But i tried it and loved it. If you like programming or want to learn it then this is the game for you!The reason why I like it is not because you can program but simply because the game presents you with many challenges that need to be overcome and you have so many ways of doing this! It is very interesting to also see how others have solved the problem by watching their room for abit as well.For example the main tutorial teaches you to send a creep to harvest energy and it goes backward and forwards to your spawn, but do you continue with this method? Or do you build one creep to work on the source (energy) and one creep to pick up the harvest? Do you put a container below him or beside him? So many possibilities and that to me equals endless fun.console.log('Just five more minutes to figure this out...');"
76561198075202019,Recommended,464350,28087294,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Loomy,If you are hesitant try the demo on the website. It made me buy it and I'm glad I did :)
76561198015232268,Recommended,464350,29008389,Posted: 4 January,all,Greenfox21,"... i hate it.I never hated something more.*shivers*... it's too addictive xD...Way to much fun to stick your nose into code.AND way to good.q,q devil of an game.--After alot of respawns i finally conquered myself an place in that world.I would suggest everyone to play screeps. That is able to logicaly think and has time to learn.The community on slack is helpfull and friendly.Ingame you will spawn in an newbie zone... but don't misjudge it!NEWBIE ZONES ARE DEATHMATCHES!Either you kill them or they kill you.(or you politicaly agree on an NAP ... which will just be the prep time for murder and massacer.The energy sources are limited.CPU is limited.Rooms are limited.Guess what, everyone wants your room probably. And already is planning to overtake you.Suit up.Code up.And go to war!!"
,Recommended,464350,30993881,Posted: 7 April,all,Makkusu,"Great game if you know just a tiny bit about Javascript and want to know more.I really love Screeps. It's fun, interesting, and sometimes pretty tense.The real-time-strategy is very slow paste, but that's okay. In case you need to change some code during the action, that just makes things less stressful.That being said, nothing in this game works without the player (or players) writing code for it.This might be a turnoff for everyone who is not a programmer, but listen to me: The basics of Javascript are easily learned, and you can build off of that. You will know how to write working Screeps code in no time.Personally, I knew some Java beforehand, but nothing about Javascript. In about one week I had a thriving colony nevertheless. And I keep learning more about Javascript. It's great.I like the UI of Screeps, it's simple, it works. The only thing that I'm not too fond of, is that the official servers are really laggy. There are so many players, and the servers have to run everyone's code... That makes the flow of the game slow down to a crawl.I mostly play on a local server, and invite a couple of friends.All in all a great, fun, and interesting game, if you are willing to learn some Javascript!"
,Recommended,464350,29117142,Posted: 8 January,all,Korro,"Best.. game.. ever. If you like programming I mean. And even if you don't know if you like programming this can be a good game. Community is awesome and there are already YouTube instructions on how to get started (thPionGaming). So far I have enjoyed this game a lot. It improves my programming skills and it is fun.+ Improves something that can be really usefull in real life (programming skills)+ Tons of fun+ You don't need to play all the time to be good. You can improve by babysteps if you wish, or spend nights (or days) programming+ Community+ You don't actually need to buy that subscription at start or even after 30 days. My current cpu use is around 7 and I just got to level 2 which gives me ten more. So currently 7/20 cpu used.- Hmmh, addictive?If not sure about buying this game you can ask questions on screeps slack channel. :)"
,Recommended,464350,26698650,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Hawthorn,"Recommend? Yes, Yes a 1000 times yes.I have a background in C# and Java development  (mostly Web Automation with Selenium Web Driver). So I am familiar with basic programming concepts, but have never used Javascript and thought this might be a fun way to spend a few hours.Now I am 20 hours in and hooked.I spent 3 hours setting up an IntelliJ, Git, ScreepsAutocomplete setup .. where I do all my coding in IntelliJ and commit/push it to Git where it autoupdates the World screen (which I have fullscreen on a spare TV 24/7) .I fancy myself a petty dictator in a small banana-republic somwhere .. here is the main part of my loop :)if(defenseCzar.areWeUnderAttack() == ""true"")defenseCzar.executeRoomDefenseStrategy()if(defenseCzar.areWeAtWar() == ""true"") {defenseCzar.executeWartimeStrategy()}else {interiorCzar.maintainInfrastructure()interiorCzar.executePeacetimeExpansionPolicy()}economicCzar.decommissionUnusedResources()"
76561197993297398,Recommended,464350,29261502,Posted: 14 January,all,Silvertop,"So you want to be a programmer?Screeps is just a really entertaining game. The basic concept is you use javascript to code for the creation, management, and replacement of your creeps. They die over-time so you have to have some code in place to automate that function as the game continues to run whether you are there or not.I started the game with no knowledge of javascript programming. In fact, the only programming experience I had was all done in Visual Basic back in High School. I started up the game anyway, did the tutorial, and got the basic idea. I played around with the tutorial scripts that the game provides and was easily able to understand how some of the syntax works. From there, I went and did some free javascipt tutorials online (freecodecamp).I am slowly progressing now and still encountering some difficulties as my knowledge of programming expands. This game has a massive learning curve. As I write this I am still only in one room building roads, harvesting energy, and repairing my structures. The idea of expanding into another room and ferrying resources around, opening a chem lab, and so forth all within autmoated code is daunting! But - I am enjoying learning the programming language and enjoying the challenge.Overall, if you are looking for a game to challenge you to learn a new skill and you are willing to do some self-education and learning, than this is an excellent opportunity to learn javascipt in a fun way."
,Recommended,464350,31928902,Posted: 23 May,all,atanner,This has become my favorite game. I originally found the game while looking for a way to learn javascript. The game is well documented online and has a good tutorial to teach you some of the basics. Many members of the community are willing to help and mentor you. I have been playing now for about 7 months and have logged over 1000 hours. It has helped me to accomplish my goal of learning javascript.
76561198007887730,Recommended,464350,25444176,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,WarWolves,"At first I didn't like the game. When you first start off it feels shallow, but after you start to learn how to play you realize that there's alot to it, and you kindof get that factorio draw to it ""i'll just do this one last thing, and it's 4 am"". One thing I think needs to be improved is that once you get your code written, there's nothing more you really can do but wait for the next level. It needs like minigames, or something. Another concern I have is about code that has just been copy pasted from github. Another issue, it seems is that occasionally the world will slow down, and take a few seconds for the next tick.I know there's a lot of prospective programmers that are coming to this game, and I would tell them to learn how to program before investing in the game first. They do have the simulator for you to use for free in the meantime."
76561197970876127,Recommended,464350,25353176,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Pig...In...Space!!,"Excellent Game!Screeps is a very well executed universe in which you can program your own A.I. In order for your AI to learn, it should have the need for resources, experience threats and live in an ever changing universe.The Screeps world delivers exactly that. The fact that all players inhibit the same world, only amount to these benefits.You're programming skills will develop. Nothing pushes the envelope as a Screep invasion....The free Demo and the API closed the deal for me."
76561197976259471,Recommended,464350,26701656,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,AZSLIMJIM,"So I got this like 2 days ago... It's become a problem. If you like programming, get it! It is an RTS game that you program and optimize yourself with the goal being that your AI is self-sufficient. The game runs 24/7 online on a single server to duke it out among players. Versatile creeps, constructed and customized from 7 unique parts and up to a max of 50 appendages makes up your force. Make guys that mine, chop, shoot, build, or whatever you want within the JavaScipt API. There's just something satisfying coding something, then immediately watching something happen (or maybe not happen). Tutorial walks you through gathering resources, autonomous respawning, building, turrets, and upgrading. Other than that there is a chat and the internet!Screeps.comfeatures the full tutorial for free and play afterwards in that simulation room as long as you want. Steam edition allows for unlimited single player sandbox world vs AI, unlimited private server, or access to the single MMO world. CPU subscription basically means in MMO you get 30 days of 30 starting cpu max, capped at 300, rising by 10 per Global Control Level (Account XP basically). CPU is essentially amount of code used per turn, such as how many creeps you can have simultaneously. Otherwise if you don't subscribe after that it is 10 starting capped at 10 permanently which kind of sucks but its only on MMO server. I saw someone mention code for an enemy AI was available on Github but never found a link.My recommendation if you are new to programming (I would do at least a course in programming or the JavaScript tutorial linked by the game before playing) is to go through tutorial (obviously) then take the code from the respawn AI tutorial 4, and the constructing buildings in tutorial 3. This will let you get guys gathering resources, upgrading, respawning, and building while you perfect your code and/or rewrite the tutorial code. th_pion also did a pretty long tutorial series I just found,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edBMmOAfJ-Q&list=PL0EZQ169YGlor5rzeJEYYPE3tGYT2zGT2EDIT: Saw an old offer for lifetime cpu subscription and that would be awesome to do again as an anniversary deal or something, although I know it was a backer offer. I hate subscriptions :(((("
76561198024629098,Recommended,464350,33698121,Posted: 21 July,all,Chanito,"Love the game.  If you can code you'll love it.  I was very hesistant to buy at first because of the subscription and a couple of bad reviews, but unless you're trying to dominate the world you can have a lot of fun from the start.  I started building good harvesters, then builders, then figure how to make them more efficient so I could have more creeps within the 30 CPU you get as a newbie.  Stuff like finding more efficient routes, not getting in the way of each other... actually use the roads efficiently, don't change paths or building targets every 5 ticks, etc.  Now, after a week and about a couple of thousand lines of code I have 15 creeps running with about 12 CPU, so I could go to 30, but my problem is I'm already using all the energy available in this room... So time to expand and go harvest in nearby rooms.  And I haven't even started on war creeps.  8/10"
,Recommended,464350,34052558,Posted: 5 August,all,KarateSnoopy,Excellent game for programmers who want to write AI without writing all the rest of the game
76561198081793446,Recommended,464350,25100698,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,K e d d s,I have no idea what I'm doing.
,Recommended,464350,33420445,Posted: 9 July,all,sync0s,"Great game, very addictive. Fantastic way for people who want to learn how to program to learn. Good documentation and some good tutorial series if needed out on youtube."
76561198168212883,Recommended,464350,34261741,Posted: 15 August,all,Adun,Disclaimer I am not a programmer and went into this game with little to no programming expireince.This game so far is very fun to play. I have enjoyed learning the language and coding my AI. if you have patience then this game will be for you.prosyour colony is always online so if your code works it will continue to work always.good comunity welcoming of new players.conscan be quite hard to start out.takes a lot of learning to play well.
,Recommended,464350,25011606,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Drowsy,"Love this game! Never played anything else like it. After playing this for a month now, I've learned a lot more, not just about Javascript, but about programming in general. If you have any interest in coding, even if you don't have any experience yet, this is a great game to provide you with a reason to write code.Keep in mind also that you will likely need to continue purchasing CPU subscriptions if you want to continue playing after the initial month included with the Steam purchase. The 10 CPU it provides without a subscription is not enough for more than 1 or 2 well optimized rooms. Although, perhaps squeezing as many rooms into that narrow CPU bandwidth would be an interesting challenge for players so inclined."
76561198048943063,Recommended,464350,33878591,Posted: 29 July,all,claptan,"I always wanted a MMO game, where I do not have to be online all the time, but where I can write a script to do boring stuff for me and I can concentrate on the actual strategy.That game is Screeps for me. It is quite hard at the beginning (I myself got destroyed completely after a month or two), but it is quite easy to restart, since you keep your Global control level.You should know, that you need to buy subscription tokens as compensation for the server costs, but it is also possible to buy the subscription ingame from other players using resources."
,Recommended,464350,31460755,Posted: 30 April,all,.DaFuq,"I personally didn't know any JavaScript except for what I learned from CodeCademy when learning jQuery. But even though I wasn't any good at JS I still managed to setup a basic base of operations. So if you're looking to buy this game, don't worry if you don't know any JS, you can always look for some tutorials on YT."
,Recommended,464350,29592230,Posted: 30 January,all,NobodysNightmare,"This game presents a pretty nice programming challenge. If you want to know what programming is like, you get all the facets here:* quickly hacking around* reading up on documentation how stuff works exactly* rethinking the decisions you made a while ago* iterating on your implementation, improving it regularlyWhat I really like about it: From the programming side there is no artificial barrier, but all the challenge is real programming. The most arbitrary barrier is the CPU limit. But it is of course neccessary, since you could also spend hours on calculating your move for the next tick otherwise. The CPU limit is what makes you think about efficiency after all.You should play screeps if:* ... you like playing computer games, but are undecided if you should go for a degree in computer science* ... you like playing computer games and you know that you want to go for a degree in computer science* ... you like programming* ... you are not sure if you like programmingYou shouldn't play screeps if:* ... you are not into programming"
,Recommended,464350,23683382,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Cake 🎂,"There are two things I enjoy doing in life - playing video games and programming. This is a combination of the two. I've always enjoyed tower defense style games, which this is. In terms of the game, I don't really know what else to say; if you enjoy tower-defense games, MMOs and enjoy/want to get into programming then this fits all of those criteria with ease.So, on to the elephant in the room. The subscription model. In an era where subscriptions have almost been wiped out. I think subscriptions are heavily outdated and expensive, however in this case it is justified. After all, this game is clearly going to have a fairly small niche playerbase, and they have to run servers powerful enough to run everybody's code 24/7, so relying on income from sales alone is impractical.I also let the subscription model off for a big reason. Once the game releases from early access (1-2 months from now) the devs are open-sourcing the server and allowing anybody to host their own. In doing so, the subscription model is removed and you can try your AI against friends with as much power as you like (or have).The developers also seem to be very engaged with the community - due to its relatively small size they are able to respond to the majority or forum posts and many suggested features are added.For those who are put off by the standard MMO playerbases, this one is pretty civilised. Because they're programmers and not 12 year olds screaming into their microphone."
76561198014673941,Not Recommended,464350,33598621,Posted: 16 July,all,Stupid Sexy Puppers,"Learn fast or be left behind.The biggest isue with the game is the combination of a high learning curve tied with a subscription plan. Individually they are not a big issue but combined they leave you with a bad game experience. You get a 30 day plan with the purchase of the game but after that you need to pay to continue this plan or are downgraded to a limited CPU. This is a problem with the steep learning curve the game has. You need to learn javascript. For a new player it can take well over 30 days to learn the mechanics of the game and the language. Unlike traditional online games with a subscription those games are at least playable while you ""use up"" the subscription. But the glaring issue with SCREEPS is while you are learning the basics of the game your 30 days subscription is being used up. By the time a player has learned enough to play the game your plan is over and you need to spend another 15$The game needs to offer the option to start the upgraded CPU plan at will and give the players the limited CPU from the start. Once they have learned enough to actually play the game they can join the online community and then the players can start the 30 day upgraded CPU.I wanted to learn the game at my pace without being rushed to beat the 30 day time limit or having to pay another 15$ but this game just doenst offer this."
,Recommended,464350,25256848,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,starwar15432,Screeps is one of thse games that keep you up at night wondering if your code works or if someone's going to attack you. A simple mistake could be the end of your colony. If you like programming this is a game for you.
76561198134661291,Recommended,464350,28773292,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Ario99,"This is a great game for programmers, there is a learning curve of course, but when you get going it's not bad. I kinda like how it enforces optimization of code with cpu usage but I also don't like it because it also allows for people to pay to be able to have bad code. It also seems like it would be very hard to make it by without it anyways so it could be looked at as a subscription."
,Recommended,464350,25419945,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Allieway,It's quite addicting to want to constantly improve your scripts to better your creeps progression.
,Recommended,464350,28724596,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,xxApvxx,"First of let me say I do NOT do many reviews. That said every now and then a game comes along that I just feel I should submit my opinion. This is one of those games.Wether you are and experienced with Java Script or not this game is a whole lot of fun wrapped in an easy to use package. You can use simple logic to experience all the game has to offer, and also put to use some of you deepest logic only for it to be more rewarding.I picked this up as I felt my Java Scripting could use some serious practice, but it has quickly become one of my favorites. I would recommend it for almost anyone. Especially for folks young and old that would like to learn how to code. It is a great and fun way to learn the logic. There is a great tutorial to get you started, and the resources/ help available for anything you can not figure out on your own is literally one click away.It is inexpensive, fun, educatinal, and entertaining with friends or alone. Highly recomended in my book. It is everything I have wished for in a game for a very long time. Give it a try at the site if your hesitent to spend the cash (there is a free demo atscreeps.com), but I truly believe you will be happy with your purchase as I have been.One other note I feel I would like to share. I had ran into a small issue with the pop out in-game editor. As a typical human I became impatient as it seemed the issue had been discovered by others. It was dated like two days earlier for the record. Anyway in my impatience I added a note to the thread asking if any news was avaiable on the issue. To my very much pleasant surprise within ONE (from my post) day the issue was all gone without me lifting a finger. My point the folks behind this one truly DO give a sh*t abouy thier community, and we would be honored to have you among us.Get the game jump on the server you willl not be dissappointed, and I for one (and I'm certainly not alone) will be happy to help you through any trouble you have."
76561197970397064,Recommended,464350,30022008,Posted: 18 February,all,Radeh,"Disclaimer: I only had very basic Python knowledge when I bought this.This game is a perfect example of something that is really hard (for a Javascript noob like me), but then rewards you with that special feeling when something DOES work out. I'm learning by back-engineering other people's scripts but slowly start to try my own things.I'm a huge fan of sandbox games, and this is about as sandbox as it gets. I'm not sure I would recommend this to someone without programming knowledge...but the game can be a great motivator for those wanting to learn.If you like Kerbal Space Program, Factorio, RimWorld and CitiesSkylines...you might like this too if you even have the slightest interest in programming. Steep learning curve though ;)"
,Recommended,464350,34226756,Posted: 13 August,all,KronicDreamz,"This is an incredible game if you enjoy programming, optimizing systems and learning game mechanics and how to best leverage them.As many reviews have stated, this game is most accessible to people with existing programming knowledge of the basics. For those interested in the game or having a difficult time getting up to speed, I highly recommend watching the Screeps videos by YouTuber thPionGaming(https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0EZQ169YGlor5rzeJEYYPE3tGYT2zGT2).Full marks to the developers for making such a unique, creative and innovative game!"
,Recommended,464350,34385186,Posted: 20 August,all,HYPE MAN,"If you're willing to waste countless hours and stay up in the pursuit of improving your program, this is the game for you. If you don't have time to waste, I'm sure you will find more time to gradually improve your code. No matter if you've just started or if you're 1000+ hours deep, if you have the capabilities you can become the best."
,Recommended,464350,30492289,Posted: 13 March,all,Matthew,"This game is definitely a challenge even for programmers who have programmed professionally for years. While it's a programming game, I have never programmed in Javascript before and had no trouble picking it up. The game is about strategy and learning to make programs to satisfy those strategies is not too hard, even for a newbie Javascript programmer."
,Recommended,464350,34591001,Posted: 29 August,all,vpostman,"First, a caveat: my only experience with this game is on a private server I run on my VPS.  Playing on the official servers is a whole other ball game, I'm sure.  I'm probably not going to mess with that for a while.I'm probably going to update this review eventually once my friends and I start getting more into the competitive aspects, but, suffice to say, I recommend it for anyone who knows how to code, appreciates strategy games, and wants a nice break from the sort of click-heavy, fast-paced titles that dominate the RTS genre.  The API is a little clunky and javascript is a poor choice of language for this type of application, but, once you get used to the environment, there are a whole host of interesting mechanics that make this game insanely fun to play.  It's complex, to be sure, but not so time-consuming as you might be led to believe---often, you don't have to do more than a quick check every now and then followed by a short bugfix or livecoding sprint to introduce a new unit type or behavior.  It's easy to get sucked into it late at night, but, other than that, pretty low-maintenance overall.  I could see playing this game with a full-time job and kids, which is not something I'd suggest about most games on the market today.  Again, that doesn't necessarily hold true for public server play, which requires payment of a large subscription fee I suspect the experience isn't worth.If you don't know anything about code whatsoever, I'd learn that first.  This is not primarily an educational game.  That said, expertise with javascript /per se/ is optional; it's more important to have a basic understanding of how the game logic works, and ---I cannot stress this enough---to have read the manual and played the tutorial."
76561198026857153,Recommended,464350,28715615,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,revrick,"Screeps is an MMO where one uses their programming ability to solve problems ranging from simple to very complex. The game is slow paced, with each 'tick' of the world occurring every 3-5 seconds. The javascript code you write stays active 24/7, so finding and eradicating bugs early (and before you go to sleep) is a good idea!This game has held my attention for months, and my javascript knowledge has increased many-fold. It's a fun take on the MMO genre, where one can use logic problem solving skills and time to get a leg up from the other inhabitants of the world.Solid game, and would recommend to anyone interested in programming."
,Recommended,464350,23703404,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Pirate Software,This is absolutely fantastic and a lot more deep than I expected.I can easily see myself playing this for many years to come.
,Recommended,464350,26501138,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,kamyl,"This game is so good I once forgot to sleep! It feels like there is always something to do, whether it's adding a completely new feature to your AI or improving optimisation or analysing some data or whatever you think of or want to have.Documentation is ok, but could be better.Community on Slack is fun, active and very helpful.Before you buy the game, you can try for free the tutorial and simulation mode on screeps webpage and see if it's something you like."
76561198037633383,Recommended,464350,25843444,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Gobbolock,I'm not a coder and knew nothing of JavaScript when I started playing - and I probably still dont but I've learnt tonnes from the game and had lots of doing so.
,Recommended,464350,24322616,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Linky,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥my programming sucks.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I love this game.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥everyone is better than me.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't care.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥go play this game.
,Not Recommended,464350,31452411,Posted: 29 April,all,JamieWx,"Not often that I feel the need to review a game on steam, but this time I did. I'm proficient in JavaScript, I got off to a great start, enjoying the simulation experience. However: Once you join an online game, the tick rate was so absurdly low that It wasn't enjoyable, I'd of had to wait hours to experience anything else, as the starter screeps move so slowly that at 1 tick every 5 or so seconds, it would take a minute to traverse the grid and back with energy. I gave up with this game before I even got to see some of my code executed.Absurdly slow gameplay, littered with waiting and subscription p(l)aygates is something we expect to see in mobile games. Getting to code your AI is great, spending 1 minute watching them gather a tiny amount of resources... not so great.No thanks."
,Recommended,464350,32912485,Posted: 27 June,all,B4RON V0N F4NG,I'm an intermediate programmer and this game is a great test of skill for me. The game is best described as a cold war of programmers--whoever can create the best systems wins.
,Recommended,464350,30715885,Posted: 24 March,all,Thunder Child,"Really fun game, I could see a CpSc 101 class being taught solely via Screeps.  You could introduce topics one at a time and clearly show the benefits of doing things the right way, vs the wrong way.Also, it's fun to be killed and do the killing which means the game has won at life."
,Recommended,464350,28910403,Posted: 1 January,all,[E] Karl The Pagan,"Even a novice programmer can have fun with a Screeps 10 CPU account.If you want to learn something, if you are a passionate developer, or if you are a competitive smart person Screeps has great depth and pacing.It's like an MMO you can walk away from and keep making progress... except when they kill you. This is the first persistent MMORTS to capture my attention since Time of Defiance."
,Not Recommended,464350,28613659,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Hodor Dies,"This game is a cool proof of concept, but there isnt enough here to ask for upfront payment as well as a subscription.Also the game being only in java script is also a bit of a bummer. If this game was free to play with a subscription i would reconsider, but im not going to pay for a very simple game, then pay again every month."
,Not Recommended,464350,28450290,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,zh32,"Why is the subscription starting when you buy the game? I want to complete the tutorials first and test my AI in the simulator! Now I have lost more than one week of cpu subscription.But that's no problem because I am not going to play on the official servers because their tickrate is miserable...The documentation and guides are very minimalistic. You just have to guess/try things out.The client runs very bad on my 2 years old Thinkpad. It gets hot and drains the batery very fast. Isn't it just a website in a app?The ingame-IDE is very basic but does it's job. I have set up a project in IntelliJ, with autocomplete and grunt. But there is missing some kind of debug-bridge.I tried to setup a github-Repository for my scripts, because I love git, but WHY THE HELL DO YOU NEED ACCESS TO ALL MY REPOS?????Very good idea, bad implementation."
,Recommended,464350,30624423,Posted: 19 March,all,Azza,"If you know how to program and are looking for a game more involved than most, pick this up. With a little knowledge of javascript you'll find yourself being sucked into this game for hours. It's challenging, rewarding and educational even to the most experienced programmers.If you're a beginner don't fret, the game has a tutorial to involve you in the environment you'll be navigating and teaches you the basics to get started. The community is very helpful and you can find various resources at the screeps website.For the experienced you can find dedicated players collaberating on AI codebases, I recommend joining up with a group once you've come to grips with the API. You'll be surpised with the depth of the game, even as a front-end web developer I found myself wanting for help from time to time.Overall, a very unique and involved game; excellent value for price."
,Recommended,464350,30864379,Posted: 31 March,all,_Guruputra,"Every wanted to play a game but not move like how the game intended to. Then this is your game, program how you want stuff done, do it excatly how you want things done. You have the power. Do what you want to do."
,Recommended,464350,25705238,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,OTMTURKS | ThirdEyeCyclops ☾☆,"Super fun for the creative mind. I stayed up until 4 am the first day trying to get my spawn up and ready. I picked a pretty bad spawn, so I ended up restarting. However, I had a blast trying to code a ""thief"" creeper that would go to my neighbours' land who had unguarded drop miners, and steal from him :P It was hilarious. I even had my creeps say ""Thanks bro"" as they walked away with 250+ energy each. Wish there were more claimable land. I spent a few hours just seeking out all the claimable land. All of them are♥♥♥♥♥♥ the good stuff is all taken and its hard to even think about taking it away from someone.. :P maybe one day >:)"
76561198207781423,Recommended,464350,31424730,Posted: 28 April,all,PanickingOctopus,If you don't know any javascript before starting its easy to learn and fun to play.
,Recommended,464350,31654636,Posted: 9 May,all,Harvey,"I've never previously wrote a review for a game and I'm glad it is Screeps that pops that cherry.Screeps is one of those games that comes around once in a blue moon and I'm glad I found it. The whole experience while playing has been enjoyable.Like a lot of people I assume, I saw Screeps and thought it would be a fun way into learning JavaScript. I'm so glad I did as I have learnt a lot in the past 67 hours and have been able to apply some of it to my everyday job too which is a bonus. The other side to that is that none of it felt like ""work"". If you're remotely interested in how things work behind the scenes in games, this is for you. If you like to solve problems, this is for you. If you like the idea of pitting your mind against someone else's, this is for you. Admittedly, I don't play on the main server so have yet to be fully tested as I play on a private server with 4 work mates and that is our competition.We've found that Screeps spills over into the workplace now and lunch times are filled with strategy talks and discussions on ""how do you do that bit?"" or ""how do you handle this scenario?""Definitely a good game and would 100% recommend to anyone even remotely into any sort of coding. FYI, if you're a complete beginner, there are YouTube guides to get you going and you can just tinker as you go along."
76561198186235262,Recommended,464350,34807173,Posted: 7 September,all,dylan,a pretty great game. lots to learn. rewarding. Documentation is good and the community is friendly and knowledgable.
,Recommended,464350,24529914,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Exonaut,"This programming game is great.Before starting, I just had basic understanding of JavaScript but now I keep getting better and better at it because you have to think of so many different problems and solutions, you discover amazing mechanics you never thought of before.I loved the moment I destroyed a big base which took days to build because the defensive AI didn't work. Now he has no spawner nor creeps but at least he repaired the AI ;DI don't know if I keep the subscription running over a longer time but I will open a private server on my own as soon as the local server feature is released (no, I will not open it to everyone).PS: This is one of the few games I actualy write a review for because it is so amazing and I want more to see it :D"
,Recommended,464350,23734191,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,UniQMG◙,"An amazing game with a well-laid out idea and execution. Screeps quite literally defines its own genre: Programming MMORTS. No other game has even attempted to make such an ambitious project, and it paid off well.However, I have noticed some visual bugs regarding the client, but this is forgivable at this stage in development. Currently, the client is basically exactly what you get in the web experience, plus of course the steam integration & ability to buy subscriptions using steam wallet funds. The permanent 10 CPU experience is useful in promoting it as well, but once you really start to get into the game you realize it's not really that much."
,Recommended,464350,32023755,Posted: 28 May,all,Maxi,"Would reccomend buying the game for some coding game play and to learn the coding along the way.But Stayaway from subscriptions is what i would recommond for longer or competetive game play not worth it but for intial fun and run its fine. longer runs not so great.why reccomend the game .1. learn while gamming concept. [real nice and exciting for a lot people.]2.you get the feel of achivment and enjoying the game forgetting you are even learning3. takes or motivates you to the next level of coading faster due to the challenges facing4.you will have the game with you so you can play when ever you feel like but just the online mode is timed.5. you can still play with your buddies if you can make an dedicated serer or by using lan and stuff as well, if you know how to setup but it wont be hard at this point. when you are able to get good enough to play the game you are good enough to know or ready enough to know how to do that.6.worth your money for the game itself, so it wont be such a down as you can always play it with your buddies.why away from subscriptions??1.check the negative comments to know it by yourself (y not)they are in detailed, it was well commented or reviewed by many.2. you will end up going an uphill for longer runs!! for pay to win or more like Hit the wall coding. or lack of speed or lack of resources to tackle the ones who already have them.(being lazy dont wanna write them all down when ppl already described it in so detail in -ve reveiw's ^-^, just check them out. )"
,Recommended,464350,31951770,Posted: 25 May,all,[Team Crowbar] Bugeyemonster,"Excellent Game, getting started is pretty simple with the tutorials but expansion and keeping all your creeps and stuff going gets harder and harder and requires you to learn more and more code."
76561197972278924,Recommended,464350,33871679,Posted: 28 July,all,Deicide666ra,"This is an amazingly deep, extremely well done, no significant bugs/issues, works from the web (there is also a steam client). It's pretty complex if you want to compete (you can always play locally on a personal server), but with enough time you end up with a complex library of code managing a bunch of stuff, balancing plates on sticks and jumping through loops to get things done.It's a 100% programming based game, you cannot control units or create anything without using code. I never saw that kind of game before and it's pretty damn insane, I really like it.If you don't know how to program, I imagine it would be quite a task to compete. I have a pretty buff experience in programming so I'm doing reasonably well but it's still a challenge.Last comment, the game has a slow pace. The tutorial is highly sped up vs the online experience, there is no speed button online and ticks are approx 3-5 seconds long, sometimes more, so it really takes forever to get anything done vs the 500 speed sim :)I highly recommend this game, it's fantastic, unique and a lot of fun.Ps: I have more hours than what's displayed here because I'm mainly playing the web version and it doesn't log into steam. I have prob 50 hrs so far prob more (at the time of making this review)."
,Recommended,464350,23758660,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,timvisee [Linux],"Screeps is a great game with an awesome concept.The game requires you to program your vary own scripts to conquer the world. The game is easy to get into and has various in-depth elements that can be used by advanced users which requires some more thought.JavaScript programmers will instantly fall in love with the game, while non-programmers have a great learning opportunity. The game provides some basic tutorials explaining the mechanics and is great fun to play. There are many examples available online already, allowing you take a look into the strategy of other players. Screeps provide an in-game code editor, while it's also possible to use your own favorite IDE and version management.The game seems very well balanced, whether your scripts are small & simple or huge & complex, everyone has a chance. And best of all, your very own scripts run 24/7 on their servers without the need to leave the game open.Try out the demo online, for free.The only game it's legit to say in people are scripting. Worth every dollar!"
76561198076205586,Recommended,464350,25027968,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Acuru,Game of my dreams *.*
,Recommended,464350,30110790,Posted: 22 February,all,rootchord,Cant talk. Must code.
76561198180499521,Recommended,464350,30621307,Posted: 19 March,all,Menos,"6/10Fun game for programmers, completely not for non-programmers. If you really dive into this game, you'll need a pretty expensive subscription later on, which is one of the major downsides of this game.Essentially this is a real-time-strategy game, except that you program all your units entirely and have no other way to control them. There are no limited rounds or anything, you just fight till you get destroyed, then you respawn somewhere else, start from scratch, rinse repeat. Essentially a fight of who is the best programmer.The graphics are the bare minimum you need to see what's going on, and could definitely use some improvements. The integrated IDE (Atom) works, but you can also use your preferred one instead. Which is about all you can say about this game aside from the programming aspect.Scripting itself is done in JavaScript, which is not the best choice for such a game, as it is inherently slow, yet execution speed is one of the resources you need to manage. The server itself is also written in JavaScript, which reduces the tick time to something around 2.5 seconds on the official server. Good thing this game is simulated even while you are offline, as it can take days at this crawling speed to get things done.The API is ok-ish and works for the task, but could use some polishing and additional functionalities. One of the bad things is that you are forced to divide your code into functionality and persistent storage, which makes a lot of code constructs impossible or very difficult. And then re-initializing your structures every game tick from memory eats a good portion of your limited execution time. This should definitely be improved.Aside from the flaws this game is however surprisingly fun. The concept is simple enough to to start immediately, yet leaves enough ""secrets"" for you to discover. Every time you have your new version of your world-dominating script online, you find new ways of approaching things. Also as you improve your code, so do the others, which makes it unlikely that someone will ever ""finish"" this game."
,Recommended,464350,23876420,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Morph,"So you think you can program? You love to compete with code. You like strategy games? I have good news: this game is for you! Don't let the simple graphics fool you, this game has huge depth. Essentially you are programming the AI of the game – or rather _your_ AI, competing against the AIs of your opponents.Find you starting place, decide on your strategy, pour it into code, and see your colony die, because you forgot to think about a special case leading to a deadlock when collecting ressources. Fix the bug, extend your code and find ways to do things more efficiently.My harvesters and builders were standing in front of the energy source if I didn't use up the energy in my spawn. Blocking the harvesters or builder and upgrader. My creeps didn't get anything done over night. My colony almost died, because the builders blocked access for the harvesters, So I could not create new creeps to replace those who died of old age. Now they park at the spawn, when full, allowing free access and depositing the energy as fast as possible when needed.My builders were first programmed to repair buildings with the least percent health. Result: Move to building (wall) repair for one tick, move to next building. In the end it was horrendously inefficient, as the builders were mostly just moving back and forth in my cell, painfully slow. A little modification et voila, way more efficient.Right now I am looking for my first prays. Yet I need to find out, how to actually efficiently fight them. Like: How only brake a small hole into their wall, walk through end get the actual objectives.I love this game. I would have preferred Java or Python as ingame programming language, but well, beggars are not choosers. :D"
76561198272699917,Recommended,464350,31712051,Posted: 12 May,all,jacobmentalconstruct,Excellent game really! Quite different from anything I have ever played. Its like having your own little ant/borg farm where you are god of your little ppl. I am very limited so far as I'm merely learning JS but have been able to make it work (slowly and not terribly efficiently) but its been GREAT FUN learning as I go. Thanks for the amazing game!
76561197983631245,Recommended,464350,24370223,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Pantek59,"Anyone who has ever coded or who as every thought about coding and likes games will adore this game. The possibility to play a builder game but control the actions with self-written scripts is amazing!There are tutorials and examples, so not being good at coding or not knowing how to do it, is no excuse! :)"
,Recommended,464350,26236226,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,tomister,brilliant game but requires programing knowledge
,Recommended,464350,26919254,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,biozork,"Can you code?Ifno, this game isnotfor you. Sorry.If you can code, and preferably in Javascript (there is compilers that can help you if you have another prefered languages) thenthis game is most definetly for you!I've become a much better developer due to all the refactoring and code decisions that I've made during my game time.Basically this game is about building an ant farm, programming behavior of the ants.Designing ants body parts to handle a certain task. These ants are called Creeps. The creeps only do what you tell them to (by coding their behavior).Your antfarm continues to work, even though you are not online which gives the game even more dept, because you need to plan for both resource gathering, spawning new creeps, and general survivability (defense).With both an open mmo world, and with the new localhost server - you have a perfect way to test out strategies in local server against bots, and implement the strategies in the open mmo world against real players.There is an amazing and helpful community ( screeps(dot)slack(dot)com ), and a very good API documentation. There is even a free tutorial that let you learn all the basics required to get started without too much hazzle.You can find youtube video tutorials, and there is even some players that shared their antfarm ai code on github (just search for sceeps).There are tons of hours of gameplay. I havent even scratched the surface on ""end-game"" stuff, likeminerals, research, boosting creeps, and trading on the market, so I still have a lot to look forward to (even after 176 hours played at the time of writing). A note about hours played, is that it only counts if you are using the steam client. Playing through the browser (which is also an option), does not count your hours in steam."
,Recommended,464350,31206292,Posted: 17 April,all,JestDotty,"I havent seen other humans for a bitIf this soundsa good, it is well done. Steam, browser, git sync, grunt push... I even set it up with a custom IDE (and using browser for GUI, so my steam hours are quite inaccurate lol). Loving it. So much depth. My creeps are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ right now, but they are my little ants and I will grow them to take over the world.Game has lots of depth. It is still under development and stuff could be improved (ie, the GUI on lower ends pcs gets like 10 fps, ouch. They did make a twitter announcement to switch to pixi.js / webGL which should help tremendously). Has some limitations I'd like for them to close in terms of code, but I can code around it np so whatever! There's also lots of resources available (tutorials, api, blogtorials), open source github AIs, and a very active slack. Overall though there is tons and tons of content already.Your programming ability far far far outweighs this CPU thing. Don't worry about it (I did). Also there's a market place anyway, but that's more end of game. Also seems the more levels you gain (which are tied to achievements per life, and permenant on your account) the more your CPU limit increases (up to 300 max)."
,Recommended,464350,34218493,Posted: 13 August,all,[∞] Avi,Very cool & fun game !
76561197971426896,Recommended,464350,24568478,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mal,"I'm very much a fan of this addictive game. I'm reasonably experienced javascript so about about 20 hours in I started feeling confident with the API.I can see the utility of this game in a teaching environment, as a bit of a fun aside.Now I can finally use my programming skills for to take over the world.. ***insert evil laugh***"
,Recommended,464350,30381652,Posted: 7 March,all,Foy,Extremely satisfying.
,Recommended,464350,27921058,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cae,"If you ever wanted to try your hand at writing an RTS AI, this is that, as a game itself. An enticing premise that is  -- mostly -- delivered on. The mechanics of the game are still in flux, but it seems to be headed in a good direction."
76561198000933004,Recommended,464350,24727797,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Ccomp5950,Terribly addicting.
,Recommended,464350,34695059,Posted: 2 September,all,NexusNull,"This game works great as a wallpaper, you always have something to look at.Coding your own AI is fun too."
76561198120888663,Recommended,464350,34598909,Posted: 29 August,all,Dehar,"Have some Java expirience before and no javascript at all.It wasn't hard to start developing colony, but became more complicated and interesting over time.This game is not a tutorial or learning book for javascript. But if you would like to succeed, you will have more that enought motivation to learn javascript yourself, according to tasks that games throws upon you.I'm definitely like it.BTW, not hard to start at all, if you patient enought to watch some tutorials on youtube, maybe go thru game tutorial and google some stuff (anyway programming is often about searching some information)."
76561197975957548,Recommended,464350,34567385,Posted: 28 August,all,tanail,"If you don't know any javascript (which I didn't), this is a serious challange.  You have to enjoy coding.  If you don't, don't buy! If you do, this is awesome."
76561198058031555,Recommended,464350,34496660,Posted: 25 August,all,LD-LB,Accidently commits self-genocide by deleting everyones brains in a coding mistake10/10 would commit self-genocide again
,Recommended,464350,33934338,Posted: 31 July,all,~Master-Guy,"Great game if you love to program, or would like to learn it. Has enough depth to keep you busy for a while, and optimizing your code can take months. Only downside is that your code needs to be running for about a month before you can claim your 2nd room as your own, instead of ""reserving"" it.The 10 CPU this purchase gives you is well enough to keep your scripts running for the first 2 or 3 rooms, and thus for the first 3 or 4 months. After that, you really need to start optimizing your scripts, earn CPU with ingame minerals, or buy a small package, as the 10 CPU is not enough to keep your scripts running for 4 rooms or more."
76561198037955303,Recommended,464350,24220815,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Toxifulable,A heaven for every programmer. Very well documented and endless possibilities even if it's just early access yet!
,Recommended,464350,27926617,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Glockshna,var life = null;while ( !life ) { screeps() }
,Not Recommended,464350,24376705,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,JackHammerOfLawl,"First of all, if you think this game will teach you to program think again.  You need to know how to program before playing this game because if you're struggling with that alone you'll never get anywhere.  You need to understand pathfinding, dependency graphs, etc, beyond just programming.It's also way too much work for somebody who has a life.  I'm a full time software developer and even with my experience there's just too much work to do.  Things break easily unattended so it takes a lot of time tweaking your software to handle various situations.  You can clone somebody else's repo (or copy paste somebody else's code) but that's not very fun and still needs close monitoring.It may be feasible if a few developers worked together optimizing the software for a single account.  But even then, I do this all day at my job.  This isn't a very fun ""game"".  It's work.This is an early access game and is missing the following as of right now:* No debugger capabilities (even in simulator)* Poor API documentation* API objects aren't unit testable (no dependency injection)* software syncing UX is poor* simulator state can't be saved"
,Recommended,464350,26483724,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gamin088,"This is an amazing game, it helped me learn JavaScript and I've already logged 24 hours in the past week. The only con? There are very few guides to help you if your code does not work, and even fewer past basic functions (ie auto-spawning or harvesting, building, and repairing). I have only found one vague guide about how to build screeps to defend your room, and I'm not even close to making healer creeps. However, if you can get past probably the steepest learning curve in any game I've ever seen, it is so much fun, combining conquest elements with defence elements, basebuilding elements, and tycoon elements. 10/10 would code again."
,Recommended,464350,28978467,Posted: 3 January,all,Zortxe,WHAT THE **** ARE MY BOTS DOING?10/10 Really good game and good for learning to program!
,Recommended,464350,28987067,Posted: 3 January,all,☭Ⓐ 𝘥ℛ ½➌,I love it. Im very very new and tried to make my code super complicated but nope. I watched tutorials from thPionGaming and I learned a lot from them. I now have a self sustaining colony :D.The code is very messy but im still a noob at javascript.
,Recommended,464350,32804250,Posted: 26 June,all,TitanGarvey,If programming is your passion then this game is an absurd amount of fun.
76561198013869820,Recommended,464350,34907115,Posted: 12 September,all,idlepigeon,"If you already have some experience with coding and have at any point thought to yourself either ""man, it'd be cool if I could use this to play a game instead of doing anything productive"" or ""well, I guess I should know *something* about Javascript"" drop everything and check out the free demo available on the games' website.If you *don't* have any experience with coding you should still head over and try the free demo on the the game's website, but be prepared for a stopover at the recommended Javascript tutorial. Screeps may not be the most practical introduction to programming, but it's both extremely fun and quite accessible, just be ready to do a little homework."
,Recommended,464350,35205742,Posted: 25 September,all,josh,"Great idea, well executed. More fun to play than I anticipated.Steep learning curve for newbies, but very rewarding. Long term motivation is definitely there.The only negative feedback I'd give the developers is that the payment model is a reach. I bought the game, but I'm not going to buy a subscription. I know of several people interested in the game but it's just too expensive for the kind of game it is.If it cost a third, people might think about it.My thumbs up means the following: Try the game in tutorial and simulation mode (even if you're not a programmer, but interested). If you like what you see there, think about buying it - maybe in a Steam sale. And if they fix their pricing model, buy a subscription."
76561198123166484,Recommended,464350,35015811,Posted: 16 September,all,Dimbledorp,"A great game for programmers that have a moderate knowlage of javascript programming. I wouldn't reccamend for someone who has never programmed before. because it could be complitcated at first, but once you get your ""civilization"" started it takes off and you can do basically anything with your Screeps."
,Recommended,464350,35261893,Posted: 28 September,all,R3V0LV,"Great game, the best community!"
,Recommended,464350,25223008,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Joshy,Pretty awesome game with a huge learning curve!
,Recommended,464350,27340693,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jack.BAUER,"This is way too addictive. I have so much work that I should've been doing, but that time was committed to improving my AI instead.I used to hate Javascript. Now I just dislike it a lot. I planned to leaver a longer, detailed and more in-depth review of this game, but I just noticed some ineffectiveness in my task management that I need to fix.Get the game."
76561198024874460,Recommended,464350,28146765,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"It is November 2016. COD, Watchdogs 2, BF1 and Titanfall2 just came out.I PLAY THIS GAME. xD xDIt's better than Watchdogs 2!! There you have to press the 'F'-Key to 'Hack'. Here, you can use your whole keaboard to hack code together! It's amazing!It's a typical strategy game but you can't do ANYTHING with it..... unless you write javascript code that does it! How cool is that??Everything tha thappens is happening because you programmed it!If you don't know a little coding, don't waste your money.However, if you want to play the toughest, most complicated game on steam....I've fallen in love with this. Honestly.There's a CPU and Memory Limit. Coding alone isn't enough. You have to be efficient and optimize what you build.It is a STEEP learning curve, for sure. But man, if you spent 2-4 hours on a tiny bit of code, and it finally works... It's something truly beautiful.For anyone who likes to code and spend hours building something, this is a definite buy.But if you think you can just do a tutorial and start rocking, save your money.P.s. I realize i have almost no playtime on steam. That's because I play on their websitescreeps.com- they have a webversion which you can play everywhere. :)"
76561198169131721,Recommended,464350,34623575,Posted: 30 August,all,Maximus Keksimus Meridius,"I installed Node.js, Atom, VS 2017 and Git only to end up using my old Javascript code when my advanced Typescript spawning code broke down for reasons unknown (aka I probably try to control someone else's spawner or something).11/10 would play it again.Oh, btw, if anyone knows how to make it work with coffeescript, please go ahead and let me know"
,Recommended,464350,23930083,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,[PrWh] Dragonisser,"This game is the heaven for every programmer. Without any game programming knowledge you can simply create your own one(with rules of course).Even though its sometimes hard for newer programmers to get a script working, with fixed bugs and any problem that would prevent a smooth run.I'm really looking forward to the own world stuff so i can compete against friends :DEdit: It's god damn addicting, i'm already at 115 hrs on record."
,Recommended,464350,30713287,Posted: 24 March,all,Slettal,Interested in writing an AI in JS? You also like the idea of a MMO RTS Hybrid? Then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,464350,23712096,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Super Special Guy,Perfect.I love you.
,Recommended,464350,29504107,Posted: 26 January,all,The Vergeltung,"One of the more novel ideas I have ever seen.Absolutely everything you can do in this game, you have to program yourself. In order to even get started you have to program some rudimentary AI into your creeps, and the tutorial helps massively with this. From there though, everything you want to do you have to figure out, and script. If you notice a few juicy energy nodes in a neighboring room, you have to alter your creeps to be able to find that room, those nodes, and go over and mine it and come back. If someone attacks you, and you don't have any scripts to fight back or run, you get to start over brand new in a new room!Your scripts persist between each room, and your global account level persists as well, letting you get a quick jump back up to where you were.I've been absolutely hooked on this game for the past week or so. I'll be up into the very wee hours of the morning, yelling at my tiny creeps wondering why my code isn't working, and fixing and refactoring it until they do.Amazing game."
76561198002075451,Recommended,464350,30385773,Posted: 7 March,all,Mr.PoopyButthole,"Honestly, this is a sadistic programmer's wet dream."
,Recommended,464350,24869150,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,demeter,"It's like MIT -- Battlecode: the MMO, in slow mo!Horrible rhymes aside, 90% of the game is staring at your IDE/text editor wondering why your code isn't making your creeps move. If you're into that you should get this game! (The other 90% is watching your ingame neighbors.)"
76561198345121322,Recommended,464350,28430323,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,khjgames,MY SCREEPS NOW HAVE A THEME SONG!
76561198032076110,Recommended,464350,32747042,Posted: 24 June,all,Zeus,Great game for progammers and people who'd like to become one.One of the best communities I've seen so far.
76561198086047337,Recommended,464350,23685510,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Baelmung,"This game just makes me happy. I have been programming, on a basic level, while working towards my PhD and have been looking for a way to get better. I have dabbled in Unity and Unreal Engine 4, but when I saw this, I knew my search was over.I want to make it clear, that to do anything in this game, you must actually write JavaScript. This game was made for people with a love for programming of any skill level. They start you out with a great tutorial, imo. I have only completed the first 2 sections in my first hour of play, and I am loving it. If you have any interest in or love for programming, this will be a perfect game for you.Thank you to the developer. I tip my hat to you sir."
76561198022445106,Recommended,464350,25599592,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ThePlayingMantis,"As programmer I can say, that this game is specially for us :) at leats no dumb kids in this game :D"
,Recommended,464350,24764118,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Yamist,Mom's spaghetti code
76561198034561823,Not Recommended,464350,35394400,Posted: 1 October,all,Crazy,"Watching people play this game was so much fun, I eventually decided to buy it.With my absolute 0 level of programming skills I've read some reviews and people claimed that they had 0 skills as well, but this game made them a Javascript Ninja. I said okay, if they could make it, I can do it. The sad truth is no, I actually can't do it. I would LOVE to be able to play this game, but after 2 hours (and earlier some more at the Tutorial) I'm still struggling to even create a Spawn, not to mention order them to do something. If I write a ~20 line command, it definitely has some errors I cannot catch, so the game becomes a boring CTRL+C and CTRL+V computing on the long run. This game is FANTASTIC (watch some people who can play it and you'll belive), but definitely not created for my kind. I'm sorry, there's a lot of work in it, but even playing the tutorial multiple times doesn't help me understand what's going on.Peace!"
76561198245195454,Recommended,464350,27957495,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Obelix,An excellent programming exercise. Very addicting
,Recommended,464350,31259455,Posted: 20 April,all,hollow1337,"If do you code, play it. If not , learn to."
76561198160412736,Recommended,464350,34365363,Posted: 19 August,all,lachlan.tierney1964,"Its good, but i think you should really make a DLC where there is no actual coding. Because me and most of my friends really want to play this game but don't know how to code!"
,Recommended,464350,32485929,Posted: 16 June,all,atabordachinea,Is a really fun game ^^ a great way to have fun while programming
,Recommended,464350,26285294,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Rain,module.exports.loop = {var players = Game.players;for(var id in players) {var player = players[id];player.code.write();player.code.debug();player.code.optimise();}console.log('10 Strict modes in simulation / 10 Strict modes in simulation.');}
,Recommended,464350,23812056,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,SwitchBL8,"As all developers know: without coffee, no code. You will need coffee, since this game will easily make you forget the time. Hey, it's 4:05am when I'm writing this.You definitely want this game when you are a developer. Javascript knowledge is a pro, but in my opinion not necessary when you have experience in other languages.I'm still learning the basics of creating creeps and let them do chores, and in the process getting to know the API. The game ""loop""  takes a little getting used to, but once you're past that, anything is possible.Highly recommended for developers or if you want to learn how to program. Please note that the game tutorial is not intended to teach you how to program. For that you would need other resources.Oh, the hours on record only shows how much you started the Steam Screeps client, not how much you actually spend online."
,Recommended,464350,28025203,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sackofjoy,Once in awhile my creeps will survive through the safe period.
,Recommended,464350,27231700,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,~#[T]obiti,I love this game :)
,Recommended,464350,32577765,Posted: 19 June,all,brianvoe,Love this game!
,Recommended,464350,26324973,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Your Waifu,"JavaScript, TypeScript, Scala.js, Python in the MMO?So!This is exactly what I need!"
76561198036562911,Recommended,464350,29565809,Posted: 29 January,all,youarethemusic,"Neat game. Worth full price, as the developers really came up with a good original concept here.It would be nice if you could activate your month subscription at a later date, because it takes a long time to learn the API and create your initial modules.If you know JavaScript, then great, you can dive right in.If you don't, you will have to spend considarable time learning in order to play this."
,Recommended,464350,29417143,Posted: 22 January,all,Crom,"Q: Do you need to know how to code?A: Yes. You need basic level javascript skills (or something similar enough), so you can learn more by playing.Sure this game is not for everyone (consider this as warning too), but for me it's already been worth buying many times over.Good...+ Coding & learning, it's pretty much everything in this game+ ES6 support. Makes javascript almost fine+ Forces you to think and learn new tricks+ You can easily use huge amount of hours to this one and notice it can be fun and educatingBad...- Javascript ... I really don't like javascript- In game editor and console could be much much better- There is no way to add any UI functionality. Not even buttons to run your functions.- Documentation lacks many things, you need to test to find out how it really works.- Some bugsDepends...* Official server tick is around 4 seconds, you don't see much fast action, but you have more time to respond..."
,Recommended,464350,29391411,Posted: 20 January,all,stsulliv,Who knew Java Script could be so much fun?  What a great way to get introduced to JS.  Hours spent watching my creeps.  Love this game.
,Recommended,464350,29372377,Posted: 20 January,all,Im a dickhead,"AWESOME GAME!I really like the idea, that you write your own code to play the game."
,Recommended,464350,29251144,Posted: 14 January,all,PapperWing,I really like the idea and also the realization of this game. I really looking forward to get some free time to get again into this game :)
,Recommended,464350,24184055,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Sir. Lovi,I CAN'T STOP
,Recommended,464350,24645306,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,cobalt,helios will attack u if u buy it so dont spawn near him
76561198069167030,Recommended,464350,23713777,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Muffin Man,Great game.
,Recommended,464350,25466964,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,.:{KinoriaN}:.,Built up for a week only to get demolished overnight...RIP
76561198043268694,Recommended,464350,33805092,Posted: 26 July,all,Nedrith,"Screeps is a really fun programming game that is basically all about efficiency.  Early on you have a lower CPU limit that you are unlikely to hit.  However you need to get your room up and running as quickly as possible.  Later on you have a CPU limit that you'll need to manager, a memory limit, while making sure that multiple rooms are being managed optimally.This game is not intended for someone who doesn't know or want to learn code.  It primarily uses javascript and without using code you can do nothing.  Every aspect of the game from spawning a creep(your units) to making a tower attack or a creep do anything has to be coded by the player.  The game's UI allows for some things to be setup without using code, buildings' construction sites can be placed, your initial spawn can be placed through the UI.  You can select a unit and see it's memory pretty easily as well.Even though the online game is running 24/7 and the game is made to use code that is constantly automating your units you will likely always find something to do and if not you probably aren't being creative enough.  My code has gone through multiple optimizations and will likely always be getting improved.  You can also play on a dedicated private server as well.  A lot of fun seeing a slow start at the beginning and then starting on a new map and seeing how much better the new code runs and how much easier the game is with my newer better code.If you like to code, love a lot of flexibility along with sensible limits you'll love this game.  While at it's core it's a coding game, the online gives it a bit of a RTS feel as well!"
,Recommended,464350,33147623,Posted: 2 July,all,Mr.Robot,Interesting
76561198065303206,Recommended,464350,31752129,Posted: 14 May,all,FappyHamSlappy,"For the time being, this is the only game in my library that matters."
76561198090635372,Recommended,464350,24025178,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Zois,"Holy cow, I can't even begin to describe how awesome this game is. If you like programming (and are good at it) and AI then this game is THE ONE!"
76561198110042524,Recommended,464350,31259533,Posted: 20 April,all,a Crazed Wizard,{ glowingPositiveReview.run(This.Game) }ActualGameTime = SteamGameTime * 2
,Recommended,464350,27602183,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Auguste_Dupin,"Great game, you know how t ogrite code on Java and how to make it works!! Awesome!!!!"
,Recommended,464350,23680281,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Fierfek,The best programming game I have ever played.I love optimizing my scripts and figuring out new ways to do things. I also like that my scripts simply run while I am away. At a certain point I am sure I won't even need to build the colony. I can just tell the screeps to do it.Seriously good.
76561197970545070,Recommended,464350,23680097,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,jay,One thing I've always loved is games that involve code and Screeps embraces this with a vengence.It has a serious learning curve and I suspect that 9-10 hours in I'm not even close to scratching the surface but I'm looking forward to delving deeper into what's on offer.probably not for the faint of coding heart but deeply rewarding for those who can stick with it.
,Recommended,464350,24645355,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,voximity,"Pretty good game. I have to be honest though, the trailer is a bit misleading. The game is not NEARLY as fast as that. The trailer makes everything look fast paced and fun. The game is very slow, and there's a LOT of waiting involved.It's pretty often you'll just spawn in and instantly die not long after. It's hard to ""be good"" at first. It's also worth noting since everyone can program here, most people are actually relatively mature and can get along with you. Sometimes reaching out to them and asking them to team is worth it!Other than that, it has a surprisingly nice JavaScript interface that makes quite a bit of sense. It's very fun to make your setup more and more optimized and pretty. I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone that likes programming, that is patient, and is willing to die a bit to start off."
,Recommended,464350,29321944,Posted: 17 January,all,Macs,"If you're a programmer and love, or hate, java than this game is a no brainer."
,Recommended,464350,24748578,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,MindSky,Addictive I am recomedning to programmers and NON worth the money.
,Recommended,464350,31554581,Posted: 5 May,all,IIIStrife,"The game seems interesting and really quite fun, however...I've never been able to play past the tutorial for just one simple reason.When it comes to learning programming, I am actually mentally handicapped. I have absolutely NO brainspace for it and worst of all, trying to learn frustrates me beyond any measure, as nothing ever sticks.Always willing to humor my friends in listenning to them talk programming, but yeah.Even if I had the world's greatest guide to Javascript and how to understand literally everything in it (A guide I'm sure doesn't even exist, atleast not yet), I'd still fail to learn it.To play this, I need ""How to Code in Javascript For Houseplants""It's good though! I... Think."
76561198006684815,Recommended,464350,23666618,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Chaos,"Ok I originally had a rant but I've since decided to take this a more logical way.The steam version you get a lifetime 10 CPU limit. This is good for a small group, one or two rooms and that's it. If that's all you plan on doing, which you can reach within 30 days, then you're good. However to go beyond you will need to pay a subscription fee.Now - you can also get a 30 day 30 CPU limit demo which again, is more than enough to get up and beyond the 10 CPU limit and warrent the purchase of the subscription.Thus, purchasing this is a waste of funds. Go to their site, try the demo and if you enjoy the game, pay the subscription. You get nothing else with this at this point and your money is better spent elsewhere.The reason for the downvote is that features were promised, and not delivered in the time they were promised. These features were the sole reason I purchased this version since I already had a subscription on their site. Now, I feel ripped off. But read the logic for yourself - it's solid advice.** Edit ** Changed to up voteThe reason for the change is because the personal servers are now available and you are no longer forced to pay a subscription to play the game. As it is, the game is really fun and a great way to get into programming. Now that it's as it should have been from day one, I can recommend it once more."
76561198006445344,Recommended,464350,24466645,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lecter-Specter,"Ok..... Look, I like this game.  I understand it's a work in progress and accept that there will be some bumps along the way.  My actual grievances are specifically targeted at the development team and not the software.  I have been playing this today and had to restart no less than 4 times to get new updates.  I mean, SERIOUSLY, are you guys a professional software development team and run 4 breaking-change releases in the same day?!  That is shameful!  I'm concerned about the long-term success of this project.  If it goes under, I'm betting it will be because of the development practices being used and not because the game wasn't good."
,Recommended,464350,24439930,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ralt,This game is really amazing. I'm able to get a grasp of code pretty quickly by seeing such quick real world disasters. I've killed 3 neighbours. Awesome.
76561198200081359,Recommended,464350,24467787,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,wyemine,"BRILLIANT GAME {screeps( 'AWSOME, AWSOME, AWSOME,)}NOTE: while this is a brilliant game it requires significant programming skills to play, so if you are new to programming i sugest learning the basics first."
76561198027029350,Recommended,464350,24391798,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Tanjera,"I really like Screeps. A game you play almost entirely through programming?! Awesome :D Test your programming skills, learn a ton, make a mistake that destroys your colony, rebuild even stronger... it's really cool. And it's easy to use your own IDE, sync through GitHub, or program via the Screeps interface that is complete with memory watching as well! And the API documentation is plenty sufficient.With that said, the downsides: I don't like JavaScript... I've always used C#- it's object oriented, typed, and compiled... and so I've had a *lot* of hangups with JavaScript since it's not object oriented, not explicitly typed, and since it's run-time scripting. Even though JavaScript is a huge turn-off for me (as are a lot of languages that run the web- PHP, PERL, etc), I have to say the game is a fantastic sandbox.10/10 would accidentally destroy my colony with a bug in the code just to re-do it all over again!"
,Recommended,464350,24583032,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Rymn [GE][BFG(Guardian)],"OMG this game is so great!  You start off with nothing, just nothing. you have to program you bots to do everything from harvest, to store and upgrade.  You're in control of every little behavior.  Nothing is canned.I think this is gonna beat out factorio in playtime this week.."
76561197994317691,Recommended,464350,28024598,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RedJustice,Great game.  Extremely adictive.  Say goodbye to all your spare time...and all your other games.
,Recommended,464350,29867410,Posted: 12 February,all,TheSlyFawkes,(Placeholder)
,Recommended,464350,29908885,Posted: 13 February,all,FeelsReallyBadMan,Awesome just awesome
,Recommended,464350,29795577,Posted: 8 February,all,Segmentation Fault,"You don't have to pay the subscription. You get 10 cpu for free (not very much) on the public server. You can also play on a private server, which isn't too hard to set up."
,Recommended,464350,23735906,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SpaceHamster,Recommended
,Recommended,464350,28878182,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,BigMike,Fantastic game!
,Recommended,464350,25778700,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,The Flying Husky,"Extremely fun game to play as developer! It's a bit hard to start, but after that it's very much fun to see your scripts take over the world!"
76561198010246302,Not Recommended,464350,30919067,Posted: 3 April,all,Crescent,"Interesting Concept, horrid Execution.Spent 2-3 hours comming up with code in simulation that I could use for the actual world, only to find that the world is slow as ♥♥♥♥. Literally same speed as watching the paint dry.Also, when you buy, u dont really buy the game, u buy the subscription which runs out in 30 days."
76561198065958189,Recommended,464350,34157986,Posted: 10 August,all,Ronnie Kong,Awesome game!if(u.code && u.playsGames){u.games.add(this.game);}
,Recommended,464350,23674838,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tayo,"Great game if you love programming and RTS based games.The only downside from my part is the documentation, it's not really clear where everything should be and I had a hard time figuring out where for example all Flags were.Edit:This runs great on Arch Linux if anybody is interested in knowing."
,Recommended,464350,25256294,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,T-850,"I wonder how my Screeps are going.I wonder how my SCREEPS ARE GOING.i played this game for about 1-2 weeks.learning this variation of the one i liked most.When its your Jerb, you don't have time to build someone elses game.i love the concept,  no time.learning a new language, again, the way i remember. but not in this, kinda frustrated me. and made me dedicated.a lot of this was sleeping.with my screeps open.5/10 Would never play multiplayer in this state again. needs to be bigger. and procedual. with better buildings.1/1 i recommend but i don't recomend playing it for a long time.not in its current state, is it worth playing anymore.but i did learn a few programming tricks."
76561197979404351,Recommended,464350,33497140,Posted: 13 July,all,Matteﾉヽ,Great game
,Recommended,464350,25086168,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,,"""I want to like this game...""Screw those reviews. I liked this game."
76561198070037088,Recommended,464350,33573559,Posted: 15 July,all,Jasmino,"Great, very addictive. Always a ways to optimize your scripts and improve stuff."
,Not Recommended,464350,30285484,Posted: 2 March,all,kirxcy,very slow paced.
,Recommended,464350,24328174,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,The Thickness,"Game has a great core concept and the excecution looks great, but I didn't get much playtime due to immensely slow tick speed. Maybe it's a bug, maybe I just have the most expensive/♥♥♥♥♥iest computer in the history of time, but the game was giving me about 1 tick per 7 seconds, and is unplayable at the moment.But I'll definitely be checking in periodically to see if it's fixed. Still excited to play!"
76561198012460339,Not Recommended,464350,25960081,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,State,Good game concept. Needs more rooms. No 2 resource rooms left.
,Not Recommended,464350,30267470,Posted: 1 March,all,Ignisfactorum,"I just can't recommend it. You're really better off playing a better game, or coding something, rather than trying to combine the two.EDIT: Like bcbc2425 in the comments pointed out, another major issue with this game is that you pay for it, and then it's still a pay to win game. That really did miff me quite a bit."
76561197970379492,Recommended,464350,26676784,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Buttercup,♥♥♥♥ it! This Game forced me to learn something useful in my life....
,Recommended,464350,26710038,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Neticulis,Love it!!
,Recommended,464350,23913323,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,alphabros,Confusing but Im sure people can figure it out.  NOT ME THOUGH :)
,Not Recommended,464350,35123975,Posted: 22 September,all,Harry,The concept is AMAZING! But the coding part can be overwhelming...
,Recommended,464350,34922562,Posted: 13 September,all,Private [GER],text needed to write review
,Not Recommended,464350,24690544,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,LaResistance Mike,"As the description of the game says, it's a game for programmers.Being myself a programmer, I just don't find this game is any fun or interesting enough as a programming practice.I enjoyed other programming games like TIS-100, but not this one.Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,464350,25134841,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,MAGE?,"I don't really like it, I spend a lot of my time programming, but there's something about it that I don't like, maybe it's all the random proprietary functions, but I don't know. It might be better with a functional programming language such as lisp or haskell, in general I feel like JavaScript was a bad choice for this game. I might try it again once some more languages become supported, but for now I'm going to refund it because I don't see myself playing this much."
76561197968475804,Not Recommended,464350,32029898,Posted: 28 May,all,Example,"I love the concept. I have participated in the google AI challenges exactly because I love to pit my AI against others...The problem with this game is threefold though (and just too much to look over)1. You have to write Javascript.2. The API to the game is far from being modern and ugly as♥♥♥♥♥♥(passing const numbers to functions to alter their behaviour all the time, checking for errors as expected behaviour (eg. do check whether a unit is out of range check for a returned ERR_OUT_OF_RANGE, instead of having - say - a method to check whether you are in range), you are required to give unique names to all units (why on earth would you care for their names?) etc.etc.)3. The buildin functions are badly programmed. Eg. you can tell a unit to go to a specific spot and the pathfinding will be done by the game - it will be done on every tick though, even if the old path would still be valid! In the process it will often swap between different paths, many of which are not even shortest paths! It is no wonder you have rent additional CPUs to do anything with such internals (+ point 1).All in all I am very disappointed. I was very excited when I first saw the description of the game. After playing the Tutorial I already knew that I would not waste any more time with this though :-("
76561198072370800,Not Recommended,464350,26756038,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TacoDude,"I don't really review games, but in this case I will.Screep should really be an early access game.The server ticks are very slow, and there is weird memory issuse serverside.Still buggy; do not recommend."
76561198021954420,Not Recommended,464350,30740304,Posted: 25 March,all,Molinari,Tutorial bugged out three times. *shrugs*
,Not Recommended,464350,34011146,Posted: 4 August,all,Nemeth782,"This is not a ""Learn to code"" game, this is an ""I'm already an expert in Javascript"" game.FWIW, I have some experience with PHP and SQL, but I've never touched JS.The learning curve is a sheer cliff. Might well be fun if you ARE an expert JS programmer, but then you probably do this for work and don't want to spend your free time doing it."
76561198041371573,Not Recommended,464350,32120629,Posted: 1 June,all,paul,"Video is extremely misleading. Online play is beteween 50 and 100 times slower than shown. And I bought this game to compete with other people, not to learn how to program.Tutorial / programming model is also atrocious, it's stuff you'd expect to find from a 1990's VB programmer. Not fun for a real software developer."
76561198066081044,Not Recommended,464350,32473766,Posted: 16 June,all,Isometric,After purchasing the game I still need to pay a subscription? forget it.
,Not Recommended,464350,29579687,Posted: 29 January,all,Bove,"The concept is cool and I was very excited to try it out, but it doesn't seem very playable.  I don't know if it was a problem with the tutorial code or if their servers are just bad, but the game seems unplayable.I copied the source code from the tutorial and my creeps wouldn't move at all.  They would sometimes do things after I made modifications to my code, but for long periods of time they would just stop moving entirely.  The tutorial code doesn't work and the methods on their website are not documented that well, so I wasn't comfortable modifying them to test things out.  The game did not behave consistently, as sometimes my creeps would move and sometimes they would freeze for long periods of time.I gave this game about 4 hours of my time and couldn't even get the basics done on their servers after doing the tutorial.  Everything worked fine in the tutorial, but using the exact same code on their servers produced very inconsistent results.  I bought the game after seeing the good reviews, but would hesitate to recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,464350,26528448,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MrBig2,Game is fun.
,Not Recommended,464350,32369696,Posted: 12 June,all,JAGame,THis game turns out to be very expensive and has a huge learning curve up front. To really enjoy the game it appears you will have to pay a monthly subscription fee. They offer a free Twitter promo that you take advantage of but it doesn't seemt o be enough to make the game worth playing. I'm not sure how this game continues to get suck high praise but I think it's a failure due to the upfront purchase of the title and the high priced subscription for what this is.
,Not Recommended,464350,34187284,Posted: 12 August,all,OLOZ,the game is good but its  too hard to people who dont learn java script
,Not Recommended,464350,31043619,Posted: 9 April,all,Krzysiu Jarzyna,"Boring, repetitive."
,Recommended,464350,26633524,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Septis,cant seem to close the game sometimes
,Not Recommended,464350,30457156,Posted: 11 March,all,HITTHERE,"this is a great concept, but it is to hard to learn, tutorial codes do not work, and overall it needs to be considered early access because it seems like it needs work"
76561197998605149,Not Recommended,464350,34095874,Posted: 7 August,all,Lee,Fun concept but it is hurt badly by the fact that Javascript is a trainwreck of a language. You can try using other languages that compile into Javascript but it's very awkward getting the Screeps API to work with it.
76561198107608898,Not Recommended,464350,34048536,Posted: 5 August,all,Harambe,Not worth paying the subscription unless you are actually willing to play
76561198043919656,Not Recommended,464350,24138033,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,kaja.fish,"The game itself is great idea, but in reality it is quite a pain.More support could provide better game experience."
76561198019866352,Not Recommended,464350,33146127,Posted: 2 July,all,Clarinet Player Person,"If you ever wanted to write an AI for a video game. Well the devs didn't do that here, its up to you!"
,Not Recommended,464350,32552477,Posted: 18 June,all,Tvanderb,It didn't even work. I tried doing it i checked tutorials and tried the tutorial again and it dosent work!
,Recommended,464350,30790020,Posted: 28 March,all,NajaTheNaja,10/10 excellent and fun way to improve coding skills
,Recommended,464350,30466435,Posted: 12 March,all,KillerTreat,"I understood the tutorials, the docs are great, and I think it's an amazing concept, but I really would like a mode where I can just play a quick(ish) game that's stored locally to my machince or something so I can just play around with it. Not the simulated room, but maybe a world with 4 - 16 rooms. This feels a bit too much like the tribal wars type games too with the alliances and massively established player bases, that it really doesn't do much to draw in a new player and make them want to stick around.Having said that they have a pretty well established reddit and the  3 game devs are great. I will most likely get this game again in the future, but for now I don't feel I would really enjoy playing it.Also, no sound effects or music. Regardless of what type of game it is it's still a game, so some cool UX features would be nice. Even if I had to code it in myself haha.Potential buyer:If you know don't know JavaScript and don't understand what objects and methods are then you should take some free tutorials oncodecademy.comfirst before you buy this. Those tutorials can take up to 60 hours, but they teach you practical, real-world knowledge. The game's tutorials will take about 1-2, and the game's tutorials will  assume you understand what you're doing when writing the code and will not teach you how to code or explain the code you're writing except in as far as how it impacts the game.I would also recommend you check out the screeps website and play through the tutorials before you purchase it. If you get through it and still want more, then buy it.Lastly, learning programming can be challenging and you would be suprised how many experienced professional devs have to look things up daily. Learning how to learn and get past a challenge is one of the main skills a good dev has, and if you give up easily, then you'll find it very hard to get gud at programming.tldr; great execution on the concept, but design choice is not for me. If you're new to programming read up on JavaScript and OOP- specifically methods. Try free version on screeps website first, then buy."
76561198125476721,Recommended,464350,25066330,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Choshek,"Very well done. I am a full time FE dev, so the JS is totally welcome. I find myself constantly thinking of new strategies and things to input. This game is the programming game I've been looking for!"
,Recommended,464350,30854730,Posted: 31 March,all,Insistent,"I'm still on my free month subscription, but so far the game has hooked me in a very good way. Learning and playing at its best. My review might change once I don't have access to a premium account anymore; we'll see."
76561198019271689,Recommended,464350,25894129,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Callin,"Spectacular. Great game with a wonderful community on Slack. I've gotten totally sucked in, and so has my not-quite-teenage son who is loving programming."
76561197972250892,Recommended,464350,26018909,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kpooz,Truly unique game. Great way to learn javascript.
76561198022392608,Recommended,464350,26071369,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SkynetOne,The game i always wanted!I will never have to search for an RTS again.
76561198031933986,Recommended,464350,27247644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zaza,"The game is awesome, even more so with the addition of private servers! Getting the creeps to keep the base running is quite easy but getting them do that efficiently and doing more advanced stuff without getting errors is awesomely hard."
76561197985132307,Recommended,464350,27249696,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Karl,"It feels so different to type commands instead of a simple right click! Makes you think about the underlying mechanics everytime! Now with the ddedicated server, it's purely awesome!"
76561198041086538,Recommended,464350,27050155,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Paisley Pleb,"Great game, great idea, even if JS is a piece of poo-poo.Wasted hours just watching my wimpy colony of creeps waddle back and forth.Wish there was a little better documentation."
76561198025354609,Recommended,464350,27223012,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jakubek278,"I've never written in JavaScript before, but I have a little experience with other languages, so I have decided to buy it for fun/educational purpose (and to motivate myself towards learning a new language). After taking half a night (steam lies, you can play on the browser) to solve a single problem my creeps finally are spawning automatically and collecting resources. What I have written isn't anything good but boy you know this feeling of satisfaction when your code runs without complaint."
,Recommended,464350,27175143,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gambit,Just got the game a few days ago. Already enjoying it alot.
76561198099310155,Recommended,464350,27020318,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Carmo,Great game that uses javascript coding to control your creeps.
,Recommended,464350,26917185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HBTV,10/10
,Recommended,464350,26754966,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Jonnerz,Massively addictive.
76561198018765451,Recommended,464350,27062305,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scouter535,"Screeps isn't going to be the game for everyone. But, if you like to code, and know a bit of JAVA or are willing to learn then go for it. A unique experience that has you checking back and continually optimizing your own literal colony."
,Recommended,464350,26875436,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jc,"Lovely. Hard, But Lovely. Now I can feel better than all my friends who play clash of clans."
76561198072217217,Recommended,464350,25194973,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,jbec1901,God I hate this game it is to fun it neads to be taken down. Can you report a game for that?
,Recommended,464350,27468498,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Conan the Casual,Really interesting.  Would recommend.
76561198043841103,Recommended,464350,30645562,Posted: 20 March,all,NorthRanger,"DON'T PURCHASE IT WHEN:1.) You haven't done the tutorial2.) Done the tutorial but didn't like it3.) Didn't read the API/Docs ( the first 30 days is crucial because of the CPU subscription)4.) Don't know how to code javascript yet..Other than that smash the PURCHASE button and happy coding!If you have novice-level javascript coding skills and wanted to enhance it further..1.) Play this game.2.) Start the tutorial3.) Build your code around that tutorial code.Do not rush into building everything, see how things work and code around that...10/10 my favorite IDLE game so far."
,Recommended,464350,24898930,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,yanamal,"Fascinating game.I've often played build/manage simulators and wished I could just re-script the character behavior to optimize for my own playstyle. Well, now I can!Thumbs up with a couple of reservations:This feels like neither a game for beginners nor a game for advanced programmers.It doesn't claim to *teach* programming, mind you, but I feel like it could be - with just a few more really well-thought out defaults, some more automatic instant feedback, and probably lots of good interactive tutorials. The goals/problems it sets are super appealing, and the naive solutions are *almost* easy to come up with for a highly motivated beginner, but I think still just out of reach without being motivated enough to spend hours reading through documentation when you aren't even sure you can figure out the documentation.For advanced programming, I have a couple of gripes:- No actual CPU profiling/detailed feedback on CPU usage in a game whose main constraint is CPU usage.- No (built-in) ability to make your own interface elements in a game about JavaScript programming. I want to make graphs and custom UI elements for my own crazy creep-management logic.- Lots of small annoyances that get in the way: The autocompletion and other Ace editor defaults; the number of clicks to access useful information; the strange choices the game makes about whether to email you about your runtime errors (if it came from the console, I'm pretty sure I know about it already!); the lack of documentation for simple things like: how much stuff costs to spawn; how the resource economy operates; what the frigging constants are that I'm supposed to use in places where a constant is a parameter to a function (e.g. FIND_*).But what's really cool about this game is that it *is* integrated with many open-source tools, and hopefully/probably standard JS libraries? so I imagine if I really wanted to, I could work around a lot of these."
,Recommended,464350,30794120,Posted: 28 March,all,\|/_twotrident_\|/,"Hardest, most addictive strategy game I've played. Warning: Not a game for mere mortals -- one must be knee deep in a computer science education to get your screeps even moving let alone harvesting, building, and fighting.Mind you, I'm only about ankle deep so this game can be as frustrating as it is rewarding. ""Dammit, Kevin, why aren't you working?!"" - twotrident, March 2017"
76561198035696110,Recommended,464350,27552540,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jakub.wojciech,"Awesome game. If you like programming and/or if you want to learn Javascript, this is definatelly for you. Great fun with learning included. I can't stop thinking abut my creeps and how to improve my code."
76561198014604142,Recommended,464350,27835910,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jayjay,Brillant!
76561197999835273,Recommended,464350,27710483,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bandit Dragoon,"Very fun little game, im quite in love with it. The comunity is really good as well, no real hate anywhere and everyone is real friendly great for those just starting or exspierenced people. there appears to be starting areas for new beginers and theres 30 days free trial so try it out."
76561198056351450,Recommended,464350,30943843,Posted: 4 April,all,slowmotionghost,"This game is great, the community are mature and friendly, and the game itself is engaging and fun, which regular updates and good balancing. I started with no programming knowledge and with a lot of hard work have developed a half decent AI and have some basic coding experience. Can't recommend it enough!"
,Recommended,464350,27515918,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SunFusion,Relatively easy to pick up. Good TutorialThe game is really slow on the public servers :(
,Recommended,464350,27582737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kerbinagent,"After the first few hour reading the doc and tutorials, the game became intensely fun and challenging. Easily one of the most innovative game concepts I have ever seen!"
,Recommended,464350,27576280,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Robot Vegetable,Great fun :)
,Recommended,464350,27586387,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,myrridin,"Definitely not meant for non-programmers. The building blocks are fairly basic, and what you can do with them is accordingly flexible but challenging. I like the feeling of building up various pieces of control structure, and watching my colony improve in the process.That said, if you're not already a programmer, this is not the most friendly introduction. The console is not fantastic, and the docs are technically complete but lacking a lot of examples and guidance.That said, if you know some Javascript, give it a shot. It's definitely an entertaining challenge."
76561197989212961,Recommended,464350,30970783,Posted: 5 April,all,[WwG] Gigeran,"Nice game, quite fun to program and not that hard with the tutorial to get a basic grasp on how to do things.Not been in the game that long, but allready I can see the more advanced behaviours appear within my creeps.Still a bit early at this moment to write my review, but am liking the game, check on my areas once or twice per day, fix or add something to some scripts, monitor then see what a new day brings."
,Recommended,464350,27917008,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kileak,The best game that looks like work.And feels like work.And actually carries your learnt skills to work.11/10 Will become an awesome node.js developer one day.
,Recommended,464350,27490685,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jackawaka,"Highly reccomended gameIFyou understand the basics of programming. You could learn the basics using a seperate course, and this would help with learning javascript, but don't use this soley to learn.I'm used to programming(Using GML(game maker language), Visaul basic and C#), but completely new to javascriptI'll describe my expenrience with it:So, I played the web browser tutorial after descovering this game and was like ""cool, I'd play this"". Bought the game, found a nice little spot with 2 energy sources in one of the ""Novice area's"". At the start of the game, your room is in ""safe mode"", meaning you can't immediately get picked off by hostile enemies, so they reccomend building your base and some defenses during this time.I spent 4 hours setting up the harvesters, upgraders and automatic spawning, I had to manually spawn for a little while after cause I messed up the auto spawn and I was getting to grips with javascript. I also had to keep tinkering to make it a little more efficient.I checked back on it at the end of the day and found that my upgrader's werent spawning, so I panicked and spawned another. If you don't have a creep actively upgrading your controller, you lose control of the room and can't build in there, so make sure this is one of your first priority's.After this, I started some code on builders the next day, I had the most bashed togethers builders ever due to me not knowing how to use the 'memory' variables. They travel to the source, grab one bit of energy instead of filling till their capacity. then wander over to the first construction site that was made to build it,then spend ages walking all the way back.My harvesters harvest one specific energy source, so I've set the builders and upgraders to the other one, conviniently the other source is right next to the controller I'm supposed to upgrade.The day after, I made my builders build on the closest construction site to them, meaning I got some roads near each source quickly.Carried on building up my base, and decided to be a bit cheeky and invade some base that wasn't stocking a tower that defends them, my unit's chanting ""VICTORY!"" as I destroyed their resources. After this I proceeded to another room and invaded that.Overall, I'd really reccomend this if you enjoy programming, may get a bit of getting used to but I enjoy it, might be because I also enjoy dwarf fortress."
,Recommended,464350,27672486,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jedislight,Ever wanted to write a bot for an MMO economy but didn't want to get banned? Its the whole point of the gameplay - go have fun!
76561198166886713,Recommended,464350,24264547,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,magi093,Hooo boy is this fun.Does it have a steep learning curve? Yeah probablyIs it fun as heck to climb said curve? Yes definetly
,Recommended,464350,24150058,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,GσттZ,you should go to this url:https://screeps.com/a/#!/sim/before considering it.you need to learn how to play this game before you can make use of your 30 days of higher offline cpu usage
,Recommended,464350,29231191,Posted: 13 January,all,Harkole,"So I discovered you can have a secret Screeps addicition by getting in on Steam then using a browser to play it, this way it only clocks a few of the actual play hours you do! :)Having played this at work, home, parents, social events and various other places from both PC, Laptop, Phone (not overly recommneded but is possible) I can say that as a want-to-be programmer this not only solves that ""itch"" but also provided a very excellent learning ground branching from C# CLR in to JavaScript and thus in to ""front end"" development.Loving every moment of it, even those points where it all goes wrong and that one typo causes every creep to stop, point and laugh before expiring through lack of co-oporation of buggy code!"
76561198218628800,Recommended,464350,29231266,Posted: 13 January,all,soheil1156,"very very good game, but game tick time is some how long, and the total player is now just 2500"
76561197983058564,Recommended,464350,29129199,Posted: 8 January,all,thehof,Incredibly amazing game for programmers.
,Recommended,464350,29176804,Posted: 10 January,all,a Ravun,"This is an amazing game that has had me hooked from the second i picked it up. I write JavaScript daily so the learning curve for me was non-existant. It's good for medium, to, advanced JavaScript programmers. You can also cross compile to JavaScript (node.js) using your language of choice if it supports it. It has a strong community, and solid architecture."
76561198028273979,Recommended,464350,29183435,Posted: 11 January,all,Alister,"High learning curve of course :)I mostly code in C# so had to learn javascript. Still getting used to it, but it is challenging and fun.11/10 === Fun way to learn a new coding language"
,Recommended,464350,29229560,Posted: 13 January,all,ctr.tanc,Fantastic javascript fun! This is really legit and a great fun way to get into some real javascript.
76561198042445596,Recommended,464350,28734345,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mordox84,If you like RTS/Resource Management games and are either a programmer or interested in programming/automation then this game is for you!Write CodeGet DestroyedDestroy OthersGrow an Empire
,Recommended,464350,28811757,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Flintheart Glomgold,Awesome game! Instantly hooked.Must be a programmer to be able to play this game.
76561197989716662,Recommended,464350,28823093,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Battlerite,"I really really really really like this game. I've played it on and off touching up my code for about two months now and I love it. I used to write bots for league and eve online and stuff, and I genuinely enjoyed coding and debugging and automating more than I did playing the game itself. I'm so glad I've found a game where I can script! It's easy to learn to interact with the game world via javascript, and the rest is just trial and error and checking the screeps api page :D! If you want to learn coding, or enjoy it, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,464350,28721979,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Skylight,Amazing game.
76561198025275960,Recommended,464350,28777974,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DewJunkie,"I have a programming background.  I had mostly done trivial things with Javascript.  For me the toughest part of learning a new language has been finding something you want to do in the new language.  So I wrote my first iteration in javascript.  Then my next iteration in Typescript.  I'm considering doing a 3rd iteration in closure-script.So you won't need to be familiar with any of these to get something working, but for me I got some good exposure to:NodeJs, Visual Studio Code, Typescript, Javascript, lodash, and probably some others that I am forgetting."
,Recommended,464350,28717778,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,datafreak,"Sandbox, check.Open World, check.Massively Multiplayer, check.Scripting, check.Solve your problems however you want.I code dirty, and nobody can stop me.You win some, you lose some. A lot of fun."
,Recommended,464350,29023567,Posted: 4 January,all,ensomoto,"There is not a better way to learn a new computer language, and Screeps is far more entertaining than I expected it would be."
,Recommended,464350,28725914,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,edigno,"This game is awsome, still in the first 30 day period but the possibities are endless as long as you're willing to infest a few hours coding to make your thoughts become reality. High geek allert, but if you like coding this is a game for you..."
76561197992546643,Recommended,464350,29072570,Posted: 6 January,all,spamcow_moo,"Great game. It's a fun programming challenge, and they don't dumb it down for you."
76561198036082806,Recommended,464350,28729700,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Khormac,Great game if you know how to program. I am mainly a C# and C++ programmer but was able to pick up the Javascript fairly quickly. The programming is challenging enough to keep my interest.
76561198002060184,Recommended,464350,28853699,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SilentSteel,Started with very limited knowledge of programing. Had no idea I would end up sinking nearly 180 hours within the first couple of weeks of buying the game. 10/10
,Recommended,464350,28932922,Posted: 2 January,all,Backbite,"Been 'playing' off and on for a few months.What that means is I occasionally come in to check on things and update code.The more you're able to expand, the more you have to learn to maintain the stability of your 'colony.'I like to think of this as a programming lesson in programming your own ant colony...Excellent teaching game for javascript!"
,Recommended,464350,29091732,Posted: 7 January,all,TurbulentWinds,"Screeps is a very interesting concept game that I definitely would want to see expanded. This game, as far as I know, is the only one of its kind. You play by coding little workers to execute tasks and create bases. Creating the AI that controls your units in real time has never been easier or more necessary. Screeps is a great way to learn JavaScript if you have experience coding in the past, however, I would not recommend that you purchase Screeps without basic programming knowledge. The game itself plays smoothly except for occasional lag when viewing the world map and other players' rooms. The tick speed is a little on the low side which slows things down a bit and the graphics are meh. Selling a CPU subscription makes sense, but limiting players to 10 CPU without buying it is a bit of a cash grab (30 CPU default would be fine). Other than that, there are few things that need improvement. Screeps is very fun to play after you read up on the documentation; I currently have 8 hours on Screeps but most likely I have another 16 or so from programming in Microsoft Visual Studio.Enjoyment - 95/100Replayability - 100/100Community - 100/100Graphics - 50/100Pricing - 75/100Developers - 70/100FInished Product - 100/100Grand Total - 84/100"
,Recommended,464350,28880150,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Zultar,"Okay, so I am a Javascript dev at work, at home, pretty much constantly. However, I'm reasonably new to this profession and all I can say is this is a freaking awesome game, lots of fun and lots to learn at the same time.Keeps the skills sharp! Even on downtime!Just get it."
,Recommended,464350,28885280,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,El Stigo,"Can't stop playing, send help."
76561198352393143,Recommended,464350,28919788,Posted: 1 January,all,Aspire,"I love this game, although I would prefer not having to pay for your cpu on the steam version of the game."
,Recommended,464350,31350026,Posted: 24 April,all,Seksys,"If you like programming, ""tower-defense"", and persistant worlds this is the game for you. And the programming isn't as hard as one may think.The learning curve is high, but the ""native"" language is one of the most forgiving and easiest to learn: Javascript. In addition to the games own doc's i would recommend using additional resources such as W3Schools, which shows the bulk of what pure Javascript and CSS can do.When you solve one of your own programming errors or problems it feels more rewarding than in a traditional MMO.Great concept, great game. I'm only about a week into the game so far, but its all been great. Documentation is pretty good, could use a few more practical examples. But doing so might defeat the purpose of learning. And what they have for a tutorial really does gives you the most basic understanding of what is required to get a room up and going. The API Doc has all the objects in it with very good descriptions and in some cases example snippets demonstrating the particular property or function."
,Recommended,464350,31566959,Posted: 5 May,all,ppumkin,It like building the mechanics of the game just the way you like it. And then putting everybodies mechanics to war and finding out who has the least JavaScript bugs :D I love the idea and its extremley addictive.
76561198013393677,Recommended,464350,31614507,Posted: 7 May,all,Petrov,"This game brings about an awesome concept forcing the player to develop real AI programming skills. Compared to a traditional RTS, strategy creates success vs speed and quick thinking. Love this game!"
76561198025048240,Recommended,464350,31814973,Posted: 17 May,all,talanb,I really am enjoying this game! I've been programming for nearly 40 years and have some experience with JavaScript but the week that I've spent with this game has made me much more confident in the language.
,Recommended,464350,32048771,Posted: 29 May,all,Drgs,great game for learning javascript or programming in general
,Recommended,464350,31929034,Posted: 23 May,all,Shibdib,"Game is gudSeriously tho, if you have any interest in coding of any kind. Grab this and learn/master/struggle with javaScript all the while expanding your circular empire."
,Recommended,464350,31929182,Posted: 23 May,all,Foogles,"Screeps is a multiplayer real time strategy game where everyone plays the way they want to. With a feature rich combat system, full freedom in base construction, and a real economy, I have the option of being a warmonger, an isolationist, a businessman, or anything else I choose.Of course, I will have to fight to defend my way of playing by using every trick in the book to thwart my enemies when they make advances.This game offers endless choices to the player, literally encouraging you to develop your own program to dictate how you will manage your territory, units, and structures. It has a great community of active and communicative players who love to have friendly brawls and surprise each other with new and unique approaches to combat and defense. Some players are bent on world domination, while others are engrossed in the details of maximum efficiency for resource handling and economics. The great thing is all groups of players tend to enjoy sharing their knowledge.The Screeps API is so thorough and easy to navigate that the only limitation you should ever encounter is your skill, and for that, practice makes perfect. Why not practice developing while playing screeps?"
,Recommended,464350,32484358,Posted: 16 June,all,Implaier,"Love the idea of combining learning something useful, and gaming. It is difficult to get started, but once you're in it's so satisfying. And don't mind that the game uses Javascript, you'll probably spend more time on your code and algorithms than on the language itself. I think it's a good investment to those who want to learn to code, but don't know what projects to build, there's plenty of opportunity in this game."
,Recommended,464350,25837491,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mindstyler,For all who love programming and who want to improve their skills is this THE GAME to praktise. The game is much fun and private servers also allow to battle your friends. BUT BEWARE: this is NOT a game for beginners and Script kiddies.
,Recommended,464350,32574570,Posted: 19 June,all,steelflame,Lots of fun to learn.
76561198014157925,Recommended,464350,24271016,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Golias,"[This is an edited review. My previous review was negative and it only represented a marginal part of the game, i.e. ~10h of game play. I thank all those that commented my previous review pointing this out, specially the developer who took the time to rebut some of my statements.]This game is a blast. I cannot stop coding it.The only concern I have is the pricing strategy. It offers 30 CPUs per one month upon buying, that most likely you will not need. After that, you are stuck with 10 CPUs (or buy a subscription), which I already find too little for playing the complete game (e.g. more than 1 room). Nevertheless, the 15€ justify what you will already play, specially because it is an early-access game.That being said, this is a great game, has well documented API, and you will have a lot of fun if you like to code for winning."
76561198025869757,Recommended,464350,32361443,Posted: 12 June,all,stevetrov,Great game. Good way to learn programming concepts.
,Recommended,464350,32705629,Posted: 23 June,all,Thur,"Really fun, great way to learn Javascript as well as basic coding techniques.Only issue isnt with the game, but with the download.For some reason I can never download it easily, it is only 92mb but Steam will drop to 0b/s and then restart the download. Not sure if this is on my end, although I have tried it on multiple installs/laptops and desktops.Other than that, really really fun!"
,Recommended,464350,33059008,Posted: 30 June,all,rrfarmer,"Great game, I'm learning and getting better at JS every day!"
,Recommended,464350,33203532,Posted: 3 July,all,MaikeruKonare,"Screeps is the first and best game I've ever found for programmers. I can get absolutely lost in the gameplay for hours (I.E. writing code) and you can even play the game from the website with no download, so I find myself checking in and making slight modifications to my scripts throughout the day on my mobile phone. The API is very well documented so it's incredibly easy to jump in, and building up your code base can be extremely gradual or very quick, so it's great for experienced coders and for those learning.I go to work and program in PHP, HTML, and JavaScript for 10 hours a day and yet when I get home, I find myself able to continue programming JS for Screeps for another 4+ hours; just can't get tired of it! This is an absolutely wonderful game for both experienced and nooby programmers. I highly recommend it!Since this is a review after all, I'll give my one criticism: they do run your scripts 24/7 on a server, so there is a subscription fee for the game. This makes it feel slightly pay to win, because if you play for free you get way lower processing power for running your scripts. I understand why it is this way, but that doesn't mean I have to like it. The initial purchase of the game does include one month for free, however, so try it out and decide if it's worth subscribing or not after a month."
,Recommended,464350,33193316,Posted: 3 July,all,High Tide,"I have to read documentation for my game, it's great."
76561198140826437,Recommended,464350,33186600,Posted: 3 July,all,eduter,"Best programming game I've ever played. Dangerously addictive. Now, when I stop  coding in JavaScript for work, I go home and code JavaScript for my creeps."
,Recommended,464350,33275551,Posted: 5 July,all,Fearlessagent,"Overall, I give Screeps a positive review. I've been looking for a programming based MMO ever since I was introduced to a game called Asheron's Call (now shut down) and the ability to use plugins to script bot control. It was rudimentary, but fun.Screeps is near exactly what I've been searching for, but it isn't without its caveats. I've been growing, testing, and refactoring my code for some time now, and I can say that it is worth its full initial price, though I happened to pick it up on sale. The API is well documented and thought out.What needs to be said though, is that in its current state, you are better off testing by running in simulation mode, than on the public server (you could also run your own private server for testing). The average tick time on the public server is around 4-5 seconds, where in simulation mode, 100% speed runs at 1 second per tick. As you can imagine, this could make it hard to iterate your codebase.There are some plans that have been made public to upgrade the servers, so only once those plans come to fruition would I reccommend purchasing a subscription for extra CPU - if you need it. You may find that if you only plan to expand to 2 or 3 rooms that the free 10CPU you get with the game is enough to sustain you, if your code is efficient enough.Overall, its a unique game you won't find anywhere else, it is truly in a genre in its own. That can't be said for many other games today."
76561198148097217,Recommended,464350,33294986,Posted: 5 July,all,DELTA IV,Not sure if this game will last because of  the subscription only thing. I like coding so this is cool to me.
,Recommended,464350,33354894,Posted: 7 July,all,Chrusciki,"programming MMO that easy to set up private servers to play with your friends.A+, lots of fun. has a decent amount of depth that i havent even scrachted."
76561198083322660,Recommended,464350,34436295,Posted: 23 August,all,ThaBomb,"Not sure if I'm learning to code or just learning how to get more efficient with rooms.Can be frustrating at first if you are new to coding in general, but after a few respawns and getting beaten up by other players, settling in the perfect room and getting things running makes the game fun to watch.Code needs to be actively adapted to your situation. Unless of course you plan on writing a code which can setup and progress without you taking a look at any of the rooms, which basicly means you beat the game and can now leave."
76561197991374416,Recommended,464350,34375500,Posted: 20 August,all,SphinX,This game is fantastic. You do need to have some basic scripting ability but not much. If you can work some simple websites with JavaScript buttons and navigation you will likely be able to get started on this game. Take a look at the simulator and do the tutorials before you decide to buy it.
,Recommended,464350,34386462,Posted: 20 August,all,Lighstagazi,"I screeps in the morning.  I screeps at night.I think they have started watching me.  I have begun to notice snippets of code in my dreams.  It is possible that really, the whole universe is actually a game, and it is the screeps are programming us."
76561198030725253,Recommended,464350,35264173,Posted: 28 September,all,holyschmitz,"Want to learn Javascript in the most fun way possible? This is your game.Already know Javascript and want to try to work on some A.I. logic? This is your game.Already know a lot about A.I. and want to show off your skills in a unique realtime mmo environment? This is your game.Enjoy gorgeous visuals, fluid animation and a soundtrack that you just can't get enough of? This is not your game...For an experienced programmer who always dreamed of writing game code but instead chose to get paid, this game is an 11/10.0 bugs encountered so far.frequent updates.good documentation."
76561197995190389,Recommended,464350,35507134,Posted: 5 October,all,Phi,"This is an awesome game, and one I really enjoy.Upsides include:- Deep gameplay (how much AI can you write in an RTS? Have you thought of everything?)- Surprisingly good initial tutorial (you don't need to know a lot of javascript to play this, any experience scripting will do)- A simulation mode that lets you test things out without risking your live empire- Multiple worlds (shards) you can play on- Co-op and competitive multiplayer (just make sure any allies start the same time you do), with alliances- Slack channels, wikis etc, and a very complete API reference mean you can usually get the answer to your question- Real sense of progess as you watch your empire develop - even more so if you've got the AI you wrote making its decisions and agree with them.- Beating another player because your AI is better than theirs is an amazing experience. So, too, to a lesser extent, is watching your AI systematically dismantle NPC invaders.- The community of players IN GENERAL is smart, knowledgable, and nice. Exception: the players near you are quite likely to try murdering you in your sleep using tactics you never thought possible. This isn't because they hate you, though. This is just because you're mining resources they want.- If you want practice writing JavaScript, this is an incredibly fun way to get that practice.- The ability to write JavaScript is an incredibly useful skill, so even if you aren't attracted to the game for the sake of practice, the practice will still probably be valuable to you at some point.That said, there are some downsides:- This is a subscription game, in an era where there's essentially no such thing anymore as a subscription game. There's a good argument for it (your scripts run 24/7 even when you're offline), ways to play without paying a subscription (buy it on steam once, get a small amount of CPU forever), even exchange game currency for subscription time. But, ultimately, you are either paying with money every month, or you're paying with time. For some people, the fact it is a subscription game alone rules it out.- Combat can be brutal as a new player. While I have been doing fine, the outright majority of players I've seen start in my sector have either been murdered or abandoned their game within the first few days. TIP: if you start playing this, DO NOT start near a well-established player, as doing this means you have little chance of fighting back if they decide they want your resources for themselves.- It is very easy to make almost game-ending mistakes. Not got any defense AI when invaders start showing up? Aggress a player you can't handle? Left a bug in your code that causes it to fail to run properly just when you need it? Empires can fall due to tiny mistakes like these. While the tension is sometimes great, some people will find it insufferably annoying that they can lose huge chunks of progress just because of a misplaced ';' in their code. These people should probably not play this game. You have to have some patience for debugging.- The tutorial approaches scripting your AI from the wrong angle. While it is somewhat inevitable, given that it is aimed at new players, that it would take the simplest approach, it leads players down the path of having each unit make its own decisions. This works when you have 1 unit. Or 5 units. Or 10 units. It does not work when you have 100 units. At a certain point, if you follow this approach, you will realize that what you need is a sort of 'director' AI that assigns tasks to your units/creeps. This is a whole new level of AI programming that you will have to be willing to engage in to make real progress in this game, and the tutorial never mentions it, which is a major omission.- The main server, shard0, has a tick rate of about 5 seconds. This means that units only move or otherwise act once per 5 seconds. There is a second server, shard1, which has a MUCH faster tick rate of about 2 seconds. As well as newer players in general. If you are starting out, you almost certainly want to start on shard1.... but shard0 is still the default, for some reason. This might seem like a nitpick, but it actually makes a huge difference to the game to play it at half speed. Whenever you're waiting for anything... you wait twice as long.- This is a 24/7 game. Your empire exists 24/7. Your code runs 24/7. You can be attacked 24/7. There are few things as annoying as getting game alerts telling you that your empire is being wiped out while you're at work, or otherwise busy. Or even worse, seeing them in the morning after you wake up. You can script your AI to deal with this somewhat, but you also have to be prepared that it might, at times (rarely) interrupt your life to push you to deal with some crisis - or you might come back to an empty wasteland next time you sign in.- You MUST be willing to read the documentation. You MUST be willing to read a lot in general. There are some things about the game, seemingly minor (like the fact that rooms beyond a certain level attract MUCH stronger NPC attacks) which aren't mentioned in-game, but are on the wiki/API documentation. If you've read the docs well, you will know them. If you haven't, you can get blindsided when the enemies you face are suddenly 4x stronger for no identifiable reason. That's just one example - there are many others.- The longer you play, the less your empire changes on a day-to-day basis. You still have work to do, but progress is clearest in the first few days, where you're expanding more quickly. After that, it becomes ever more incremental until, eventually, you will probably settle into a position of relative stability - unless you are willing to go to war with a neighbor to expand further.Who should/shouldn't buy this game:- If you want practice writing JavaScript, or enjoy scripting things in general, definitely DO buy this game.- If you don't like the idea of writing code, hate the idea of debugging, or aren't willing to read around, DO NOT buy this game.- If you're not sure if you enjoy writing code, but are an RTS fan, I still encourage you to pick up this game and try to learn to write code - its a valuable skill and it will give you HUGE strategic and tactical insight you can use in other games. Not to mention teaching you a valuable skill in a fun way. Plus, frankly, I find it more satisfying to write the code to handle attacking, defending, etc, than I do micromanagement. If you're big into micromanagement (a la StarCraft) maybe this is not for you. If you're big into big-picture thinking, automation, etc (a la Total Annihilation, Factorio, etc) then this may well be for you.- If you're not sure if you enjoy RTS games, and have no experience writing code.... play another few RTS games, and try writing some other code for something, before you try this."
