user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,464620,23237471,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Levity,"Dragon Warrior Monsters was a game from my childhood, and was hailed as woefully underrated by most outlets that reviewed it; ahead of its time.This game is that game, if it was left to evolve for an eternity in another dimension. A mixture of a monster battler and a JRPG, but with the depth of a roguelike.If you like complex RPG mechanics, then buy it. If you like satisfying progression, exploration and experimentation, then buy it. Support a fantastic developer who communicates with his playerbase, and make your monsters go and beat up other naughty monsters. That's my endorsement."
76561198013593378,Recommended,464620,24926615,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Glenin,"Can't wait until you can talk to the next tree-themed professor, pick the fire starter and then mow through a few hours of the pidgey and rattata variants? Try this game, the love-child of pokemon and a mythology book, instead!Like leveling and customizing stuff? Well, you can level/customize your own avatar, stats, kingdom, food, special abilities, creatures, artifacts, enchantmemts for your artifacts, spells, children of your creatures, the children of your children's creatures...you get the idea.Built by a developer who clearly loves this game."
76561198152845253,Recommended,464620,32213207,Posted: 5 June,all,Flinigan,"Very elegant game to play;-*Strategic combat*There are thousands of possible ways that you can form a team with creatures that have their own special abilities. Some aim for survivability, others aim for things like speed, damage, intelligence, etc...-*Plethera of creatures*Hundreds of creatures to be found or made; When you're out searching and on adventures in realms, you get the oppurtunity for battle, selecting the option to extract an enemy will allow you to have a chance of getting a core from creatures that will allow you to summon them in your castle. You can also breed creatures using luck by randomly choosing two parents or by unlocking them in ways, primarily by breeding notes found in realms.-*Buffs and debuffs*All creatures can be affected by buffs and debuffs; There are several ways to get (de)buffed. For example, spells, creatures' effects, interactive structures/items, consumables, etc...-*plethera of items*Tons and tons of items can be found in several different ways which can help you or induce a negative effect to you or your team.-*plethera of realms*Random generated realm layouts and several different types of envirements.-*Castle Expansion*Allowed the ability to add things into your castle to help you on your journeys. There is a list of options to choose from.-*Missions*Following the storyline, there are main missions you have to complete in order to progress throughout the story of the game. There are also smaller sidemissions that you can accomplish to get rewarded materials and items, sidemissions aren't mandatory. Finally, there are also castle quests which you have to complete in order to expand your castle.-Play-to-progressApart from paying money to ultimately buy this game, there is not really anything that makes this game pay-to-win. The only thing that I know of that you can buy ingame are skins for your creatures. They do not effect the creature's battle performance."
,Recommended,464620,26783473,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,↝ SgtFopper™ ↜,"I played Mystic Quest on SNES many, MANY nights as a kiddo. But almost 30 years later we have now Siralim 2 and, BAAAM, I friggin' love it. More .. than Mystic Quest!Ok, you can understand me or not. I can live with that!Great work, Thylacine Studios! :-)"
,Recommended,464620,24788006,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Blackfangx,"Quite possibly the best Monster Breeding game on Steam.-Sincerely, A Dragon Quest Monsters Gamer"
76561198037864828,Recommended,464620,23311318,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,≡DSN≡ Scheitan,"Everything that went ""wrong"" (can I say wrong when Siralim 1 was so addicting?) is now near perfect.A really addicting Capture-em-all-Game but in a more adult world. I can´t stop playing because I want to get better and better and just like Siralim 1 it is an endless road.High recommended. I will even buy it on PS4 just to support Thylacine(sorry for my bad english)Now as almost a year gone by, I would just let you know, that this game won´t get boring. Not with a great designer like Thylacine! He just released a patch yesterday after a year. Awesome new stuff here and there.No need to say, that it is getting more addicting over time. Don´t look at my steam hours, I play it on PS4 and Vita for some reasons. Even on my Android Phone Haha."
,Recommended,464620,24884726,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Ask Me About My Robot Porn Blog,"Siralim 2 is a dungeon-crawling, creature-collecting RPG with roguelike elements.Pros:-Tons of creatures to befriend, equip, level, and breed-Lots of variation in potential party strats-The grind is rewarding and battles are challenging-Active devs!!Cons:-Niche aesthetic (could be a pro)-Some players may find the grind exhaustingI enjoyed this game a lot. If you think you might enjoy this game, give it a shot; IMO it's one of those little indie gems that most people won't notice but that a small group of people will never forget."
,Recommended,464620,32026142,Posted: 28 May,all,Chordus,"The fact that I've sunk 250+ hours into this game should be sufficient evidence that I consider Siralim 2 to be an outstanding game.  The sole developer of this game learned from the faults of the previous game, and also listened to input from players during beta, making this game balanced and well-polished in every way.  There is so much content that it'd be difficult to leave a review for each section, so instead of making this post tl;dr, let me simply say this:  I unequivocally recommend this game to anybody who enjoys the monster-breeding genre."
,Recommended,464620,26397390,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Gordon Zola ♪,"Siralim 2Not a lot of words to say.Outdated graphics but, on those games, nobody give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about graphics.Basic gameplay, a big great Monster Grinding.Tons of items, leveling etc...Could spend ton of hours, to unlock the 520+ Achievement!"
,Recommended,464620,32807065,Posted: 26 June,all,Salvia Hardon,"An above average entry in the genre of RPGs where you make numbers go up. Procedurally generated dungeons where you unlock stuff and go deeper.Although Siralim technically does have a bare bones functional story - in reality it doesn't delude itself into thinking that its a game about progression. Now, there's several different layers of progression - actually learning the mechanics of the game, getting a good feel for creature traits that combo well with eachother, unlocking more creatures, leveling up your existing creatures, getting new artifacts for your creatures which in turn can have a creature trait on them, probably several other things that aren't even coming to mind right now.Combat is what you make of it. It can get a bit grindy and tedious over the long run, and highly tactical decision making has its place with certain party compositions and against some enemies. But probably, you're going to want to find a party composition where you can safely hold down the attack button and just have all of your creatures cycle through for all non-boss battles - yeah, it sounds pretty lame because it is.If you can tolerate the amount of grind/tedium that is endemic to the genre, I think there is plenty of complexity that is worth exploring in Siralim 2. If you can't, well, what are you even doing looking around in this genre?"
76561197970636586,Recommended,464620,23319178,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Mysterial,"Have you ever played Pokemon, Digimon, Dragon Quest Monsters or similar and thought ""this is kinda fun, but if only it were deeper and not designed for eight year olds?"" If so, then this is the game for you. A large array of monsters, spells, and items to collect all with unique abilities, random dungeons, boss fights, challenges, all kinds of interesting party configurations; there's enough here to entertain for longer than most of those other games combined. Story's not much more than an excuse to push you along to the next challenge boss, but if you're looking for depth in design instead of the details of an eight year old saving Pokemon Country (again!) then you're in the right place."
76561198007165194,Recommended,464620,23257705,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,[38NC.H]Patrick World-Star,"I was skeptical going into this because im seriously NOT a fan of 2d retro rpg's like this one, but with the delay of No Man's Sky and (if anyone knows what game this is) Escape from Tarkov, i needed something, anything, to hold me over video gamewise.let me tell you, if you are not into these types of games, THIS IS THE ONE TO GET YOU INTO THEM. My god i just started but the amount of depth, creatures, infinite levels, etc i could go on and on but i dont need to play a game more than 10 minutes to know if it will be good or not. They really have a true gem of a 2d RPG here. It doesnt even need to be in early access. it has so much content, it just needs a bit of polishing is all!It does bring me back to my pokemon days as a child though...Even if you are not a fan of these games, do yourself a favor and buy it."
,Recommended,464620,24902553,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Satyagrahi Zetto,"So, imagine a Nippon Ichi game; with the insane grinding and stat minmaxing/customization possibilities and a Dragon Warrior Monsters game; with collecting and breeding monsters as you go through random dungeons, and imagine if those two types of games come together to form a game with both of these things. Does that sound interesting? Does that sound like a good game to you?This is that game. I never knew I wanted this. A real gem of a game that just keeps on ramping up in fun as you go on and unlock more of the ""grind"", more things to alter your rates of getting items, or EXP or whatever.  I'm 15 hours in and I haven't scratched the surface of what this game has to offer. I'm pretty darn excited, to say the least."
,Recommended,464620,24868222,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Karp,"Compare and Contrast: Siralim 2 and No Man's Sky+ They both have procedurally generated levels.- Only one of the games features actual gameplay in said generated levels.+ You can acquire monsters in both games.- You can actually do things with the monsters in only one of them.+ They both came out on the same day.- Only one of them is actually in a playable state at launch.+ They're both considered indie games- One of them responds to comments and questions almost instantly, going as far as to personally fix someones glitched save via email.Siralim 2 is a gem. I highly recommend anyone thats a fan of old school rpgs, monster collecting, or completely customizable games to give it a try. It was worth it at full price, it almost feels like stealing when it's at a discount."
,Recommended,464620,29368582,Posted: 19 January,all,huffadopolis,"This game scratches every RPG itch and has a great deal of numbers to make go up.Explore dungeons of increasing monster difficulty using whatever 6 of your creatures you want.  You can customize, unlock, and level up just about everything in the game.Level up your creatures and breed them together to make stronger offspring that grow up with greatly increased stats.  Give them items that level up and get stronger.  Customize these items with other items to give your creature stats and new abilities.  Assign spells gems to your creatures, which can be customized to be used in various ways like 'when hit' 'at start of battle', 'when dodged', tons more.Is your creature not strong enough yet, well later in the game you can go to a dungeon inside your item and level it up.Don't like a stat or ability on an item?  You can remove it.  Want to put something else there instead, sure why not, if you've got the necessary items.No inventory limits, farm everything.  Everything in dungeons is destructible except the walls, you'll find monsters, loot, faction increases, treasure golems, spells, artifacts, creature eggs, a fully cooked chicken drumstick, runes, cards.This game is crazy fun, if you like RPGs and games where your progress makes numbers go up, mostly by farming things with your crazy overpowered fully customized creatures that you bred into death machines and synchronized their spells and abilities to all work together in synergy.    Love it."
76561198133251638,Recommended,464620,29428379,Posted: 22 January,all,Larry_Nesko,"If Stardew Valley, Dragon Warrior, Ogre Battle: March of the Black Queen, and Pokemon all got liquored up one night and decided to....ahem.....""experiment"".....Sirlaim 2 is the beautiful, beautiful love child of a game that would emerge.That a game with so much content emerged from such a small studio is remarkable.  Yes, it is a bit (and by a bit, I mean a lot) grindy.  However, just as they say ""But it's a dry heat"" in the southwestern US, I can say ""But it's a fun grind."" about this game  There's always a feeling of progression in some component of the game, whether it be collecting monsters, adding dimensions to your castle, or gaining items and rewards.  As others have mentioned, the game can be played as casually or aggressively as one chooses.Normally I advocate waiting for sales, even for games I like and recommend.  However, given the amount of attention and care that the devs have put into this game, I would recommend it even at full price."
76561198004623376,Recommended,464620,24948253,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Mr. D,"The best way to describe Siralim 2 is if Dragon Warrior Monsters, Disgaea, and Pokemon Mystery Dungeon were fused into a single game that's greater than the sum of its parts.I got this game like 30 hours ago and have clocked in nearly 14 hours. I had to sleep and work in that time period as well. Literally all my free time has been spent playing the game, because it's that addicting.The game slow-rolls you all the increasingly complex systems one at a time, and nothing ever gets old. I haven't encountered anything particularly game-breaking except for a few spelling errors and some awkward controls issues, but it's been overall smooth sailing. I've never felt lost or inundated with information, and the in-game Library is very helpful for the most part, and contains information on pretty much every question I've had so far.The graphics are generally good, for being pixel art, and the overall aesthetic is really similar to games like the original Dragon Warrior Monsters. The music isn't awful, but the loops are very short so it does get repetitive pretty quickly (spending more than 2 or 3 minutes on a floor means the music will loop eight times or so). Some floors do have great music, though, so it kind of evens out. Since each floor has its own tileset, interactables, and music, each floor does feel very well put together.The gameplay is solid overall but there are some complaints I could make. Breeding monsters is a blast, and ""catching"" them (extracting their cores in battle) is generally not particularly difficult. Leveling up creeps to a grind around level 15-20, but luckily dungeon grinding always feels impactful. You're usually not just farming for EXP, you're farming for Power to complete your rituals, resources to hatch eggs or summon monsters from cores or buy items or modify your artifacts. Or favor with a particular God. Or hunting for Artifacts. Or looking to extract Cores. There is just so much to do on every floor! Completing a single floor might only get you part way on all your aforementioned goals, but since it usually generates progress on all of them  it winds up feeling pretty good. Boss battles have been challenging but staggered at just the right pace for me- during the last boss fight I beat him with 2 of my 6 monsters left alive, both pretty low on health and drained of MP. Earlier ones were a bit easier, but that just makes me believe that the NEXT boss will be even more of a challenge.There are lots of systems to get familiar with- understanding artifacts is a big one. The breeding compendium appears to have thousands of entries so there are tons of opportunities to create new, interesting monsters whenever you get tired of your old ones. There's upgrades to your base that unlock new opportunities for you, from sidequests to vendors to re-rolling stats on your equipment. It seems almost endless, but nothing feels out of place.This is exactly the type of game I've been dreaming about for years. I've been nostalgic for the original Dragon Warrior Monster games for a long time, and this scratches that same itch tenfold.What I'm trying to say is, if you think you'd like this game, you'll probably love it. I've already talked two people into buying it and they both are hooked. It's a fantastic game."
76561198000942568,Recommended,464620,23239007,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Noetherian,"This is a turn-based RPG with retro 2-D graphics.If you have ever enjoyed a turn-based RPG with 2-D graphics, then you should buy this game ... it is incredible.There a huge number of features that are unlocked incrementally as you progress through the game. There is huge variety is building your team of monsters. The combat is has an impressive amount of depth.I cannot recommend this game strongly enough."
76561198041849665,Recommended,464620,31365818,Posted: 25 April,all,randoms2,"First and foremost, the developer for this game is a fantastic person and cares a great deal about his work.  I have owned this game for I would say about 6 or 8 months now and it is amazing to see so many active updates for a game that has been released for quite a while now.  It's certainly refreshing in the age of DLC and pre-release titles, that's for sure.Now as for the game itself, it's a blast.  If you like pokemon, dragon warrior/quest monsters, digimon, or other similar monster collecting games, this is the game for you.  Special shout-out for dragon warrior monsters amongst this list as this game draws a lot of inspiration from that title, but in it's own unique way.If I had to point out flaws in the game (because no game is perfect), it would be that it can be very grind intensive and the game's story can be seen as lacking, the latter is the result of delibrate design.  I'm only pointing out these flaws in an effort to be less-biased but don't let these aspects deter you from a great game"
,Recommended,464620,23358043,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,NoBogui,"Buy. This. Game.  You don't need to wait until it's out of Early Access (and believe me, I have been burned by some Early Access games).If you played Siralim, this game improves on it in nearly every way.  Siralim was fun, but it seemed like a lot of grinding with no end in sight.  This game adds boss battles, monster breeding, permanent spell gems, and more.  So, there's still some grinding, but it's the fun kind.  The spell gems themselves add so much to this game that it's an entirely different game.I get a Dragon Warrior Monsters vibe from this game, and that's definitely a good thing.  There are a few bugs to work out, but the developer is one of the best on Steam, working through the weekend to push out hotfixes for major bugs (the few that there were on release)."
,Recommended,464620,33315711,Posted: 6 July,all,Winsterton,I absolutely adore this game. So much content and depth. The developer is amazing and works very hard.
,Recommended,464620,25132870,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Maman Brigitte,"I went looking for a simple dungeon crawler and, 178 hours later, I have a stable of hundreds of minions that I'm trading out trying to min-max teams of critters combining different artifacts, spells and 'traits' to create ridiculously overpowered combinations, only to discover that the computer has a ready-made counter to my oh-so-clever idea that I'd better account for next time.Every time I think I've found a ""problem"" with the game, it says ""nope, solution.""  Getting tired of manually handling critter exchanges?  Perform a ritual, upgrade the stable and now you can handle them in teams.Wishing there was something you could do with all the teams you're not currently using?  Oh, hello Warlord.I have been playing this game for 178 hours, and I feel like I've only just scratched the surface.I have been playing this game for 178 hours, and I AM NOT BORED.  I have paid less than 8 cents per hour for this diversion.  I cannot recommend this enough."
76561198013344860,Recommended,464620,24135347,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Fairwyn,"This game is simply amazing.The game play is solid.There's a lot of content.The developer puts a lot of heart into making it the best it can be.It is well worth its price tag and I would highly recommend it.  In fact, I liked it so much that I started the wiki for it."
,Recommended,464620,24967564,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,machmoth,"This game is a love letter to those of us who loved breaking our favorite RPGs.  To those of us who built the perfect teams.  To those of us who found joy in finding that crazy spell combo the developers never thought of.  To everyone who got all the characters to level 100, just to do it.At a surface level, Siralim 2 seems like the same indie dungeon crawler you've played dozens of times before.  A retro sprite aesthetic, 2D procedurally generated dungeons, and several other seasoned gimmicks many of us remember from your childhood are all here.  What makes Siralim special is that Thylacine Studios took no half measures in crafting a very specific experience.  This is a min-maxxers paradise.The realms of Siralim 2 are populated with hundreds of monster types to serve as both adversaries and party members.  Each monster has a special ability, and its these often absurdly powerful bonuses that can completely change the way you play the game.  You have things like: heal your whole party for 25% of their HP every turn, lower all your target's stats to be equal to its lowest one on every single creature you attack, give your whole party 30% chance to dodge all attacks, deal damage at the beginning of every enemy's turn, gain huge damage bonuses every time you're attacked, increase your defense by a percentage of your allies', and many many more.Boring little ""+1% passive damage"" perks are nowhere to be found here.  There are countless synergies and strategies to exploit, with lots of play and counter-play as a result.  At times, it almost evokes the sense of a collectable card game in how you can cobble together a seemingly invincible combo, only for something else to hard counter it and force you to think on your feet.  There are hundreds of monsters with so much variety, picking just 6 at a time for your party can be torture.  The sheer wealth of meaningful options is hugely liberating in this era of careful moderation in RPGs.It has to be said that this is a grinder.  You will spend hours clearing dungeon floors, leveling up, getting gear and perfecting your team for the next challenge.  Thylacine Studios recognized their target audience and didn't put in much that distracts from that core appeal.  You're either going to enjoy that endless dungeon crawling gameplay and the many little mechanics that add depth to that experience, or you'll find the repetition tiring and quit early.This one is for all of you who could never put the controller down after the credits rolled."
76561197997793567,Recommended,464620,24747201,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Cordell,"Edit: Just ""finished"" the game.  I really don't feel like I had to grind at all, if you enjoy exploring the random levels it feels fun each time, was never a chore (except a tiny bit at the start).  Also There is much left to do once you ""finish"" the game, the story may be over, but there is still plenty to unlock and do!  I also feel like starting over again with one of the 5 elements I have yet to play!This could be true:Many years ago a group of game designers were born on a mountain top somewhere in Tibet.  There were created with one goal in mind for their lives, to create the most nearly perfect game in existence.  While the computer had not yet been invented (small calculators had not yet made way to Tibet at this time), they met daily, and discussed how they might accomplish this goal.  Finally, once computers were invented they created the ultimate game, that ticked off almost every box you can imagine (crafting, catching critters, breeding critters, character building etc...)The result was Siralim 2.  While you might foolishly think they forgot to include something in this game, you soon realize how silly you are, and that you had not gotten far enough into the game to unlock the missing component to this game.I have spent the last 30 gaming years hiding in my own cave (man) in pursuit of such a game.  While the graphics look like something from the 90's just remember, these guys were stuck in Tibet.  The music is not terrible, and sometimes I leave it on, rather than put on my own music.Buy this game, you won't regret it.  Don't put it on your wishlist and wait for it to go on sale.  Pay full price!  This will greatly increase the odds of a Siralim 3, complete with modern graphics.  Oh, I had one tiny problem.  The 2nd boss stole my lunch money over and over again on one of my runs.  Made 2 other characters that beat it to a pulp almost instantly.  Other than that I thought the balance was off early in the game, but I was wrong, and had not yet unlocked the way to fix that!Thanks so much for this game!"
,Recommended,464620,24838728,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TSED,"Compared to Siralim 1, it has a lot of nice quality of life improvements.  Combat not taking a year to click through, more monsters, more goals to work towards, etc.  There aren't a bajillion buffs and debuffs to remember any more.  It's got more game to it with less annoying bits.Its combat is more tactical but less strategic.  In Siralim 1, the majority of your minmaxing time was just spent on figuring out your party of monsters and their layout.  Figuring out complimentary abilities, how to use them, and so on.  Siralim 2 has decreased this to an extent - abilities are harder to build an entire strategy off of.On the flip side, completely reworking the spellcasting system so that your monsters can cast spells from a replenishing mana pool (versus your wizard casting spells from their non-replenishing mana pool) is an incredible change that adds a LOT of depth.Considering its price point, if you like this kind of game at all (IE: pokemon) you should get it."
,Recommended,464620,25504133,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Zauren,"This game is a mixture of Pokemon and Monster Rancher, with all limitations and petty conerns of reasonable balance thrown out the door. Monster traits include things such as 'Upon dying, 50% chance of reviving with full health.' This can cause crazy interactions and synnergy, and when you include artifact customization (Including the ability to equip an additional one of those crazy character traits) and spell gems, it's insane. But it's balanced because the enemies A) scale infinitely and B) have crazy powerful things too.However, ultimately this is a game about grinding. Making small goals and progressing to personal benchmarks. If you need tangible story progression in order to have fun, this game is not for you. Otherwise, it will last dozens and dozens of hours. Good stuff."
,Recommended,464620,29406618,Posted: 21 January,all,WIZARD OF RAP,"I thought this would be a short little Indie RPG but it's actually a fantastically deep and strategy-rich game with elements of everything from Dragon Warrior Monsters to deck-building games and idle games. 25 hours in I was still unlocking new mechanics and new things to do with my monsters and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface.It's a little easy to break large parts of the game with the right AoE caster monster but the bosses every few floors always mix it up and make you rethink your team composition and you're always going to be chasing the next best artifact, spell, creature or breeding combination or crawling through one more floor of the dungeon for enough power to complete your rituals.If you're looking at this game and thinking ""That looks pretty cool..."" you won't be disappointed, pick it up when you feel good about the price point but there's waaaaay more than enough content for a $20 game."
76561198005613509,Recommended,464620,33328103,Posted: 6 July,all,Rule#2,Really enjoyable. A little slow to start but once it gets rolling it is extremely addictive. More fun than I expected.
76561198109368819,Recommended,464620,24922212,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Toralm,"The first Siralim was a gem, the Second is a treasure trove. With Hundreds of Monsters to collect and breed, each with a unique trait, the team combinations are practically endless. With artifacts to boost your creatures stats and add an extra ability with legendary drops, you can make a team with ridiculous synergies. Breeding allows you to endlessly improve your creatures. Have a faverite? Just breed them with any creature lacking a combo and get the same one with boosted stats and you won't even have to start at level one each time! Siralim 2 is a grinding monster collection and training game with the story being more of a side project rather than your main focus. The developing team works with you and responds to your forum posts and emails within the day! With a responsive community and staff, any questions you might have can be answered. Siralim 2 is an incredible game and if Dragon Warrior Monsters was a game you loved, you're going to love Siralim 2 as well."
,Recommended,464620,24916451,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,76561198002511762,"Pokemon and Magic the Gathering had a love child, and it's beautiful."
,Recommended,464620,24911391,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Watuhboy,"Think Dragon Warrior: Monsters with a load of extra content and roguelike sensibilities. Repetitive, but great if you like making numbers go up."
76561198129366705,Recommended,464620,23246431,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Qik,"Normally I would wait to have significantly more playing time logged before reviewing, but in this instance I had some thoughts out of the gate that might help sway those on the fence.I've found this game to be addicting from the get-go with its mountains of possible customization: there are an overwhelming number of synergies possible between creatures, items, character abilities, and play styles. There's an exciting amount of potential, and exploration thereof is roundly encouraged by the constant stream of new options afforded to you. There are lots of questing options too to exercise such possibilities: besides the main story, there is base building and side quests and boss fights galore, all of which have a variety of incentives and possibilities for further shaping your party's development. The sense of potential is staggering, and encourages constant tweaking. It will take many hours and much exploration to have any sense of what is optimal or preferred. All this variety alleviates the potential grind. Siralim 2 is built to scale and challenge.Though in Early Access the game feels remarkably developed. A few bugs have cropped up, both in my playthrough and as I've seen on the forums, but there have already been multiple updates to address them, which has left me feeling confident that development and trouble shooting will continue apace."
,Not Recommended,464620,25619812,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,AvenDoram,"Edit: Developer deleted my discussion and banned me from them because...?  I am discussing my opinion with other people? Seriously, they never said what rule I broke.  And for the life of me I couldn't find it anywhere. They also failed to mention the rule I broke. And since they deleted my discussion the proof is gone even if they were in the right. Seems like they get upset when they don't communicate with the fans and they accuse people of harassing when the fans try and communicate with them.  They can't take negative opinions and are very immature when admitting their game has a flaw. Despite how nice they seemed in the comments of my review. After getting to know how they act they are not worth supporting anymore until they realize that perhaps you shouldn't treat people like dirt who supply you with income.My siralim review: It's too long to post here. I am very passoniate about Siralim 1 having me exceed the character limit. So just press the full review. I'm just sorry I don't enjoy this game guys.I'm so sorry Siralim team. I wish I could like this game. But it has way too many gameplay issues.Firstly, I have to say I was hugely dissapointed when I found out Breeding in this is another word for Fusing in other monster catching games. The reason Fusing works in other monster games is because it's free to summon creatures/Capture/scout creatures. Meaning you will have to grind for Resources in this game. You want to try a combo without using up 2 members of your team? You need to grind for about 20 minutes. And also, no upgrades for resource drops. That makes this a very boring grind. The reason fusing in other games works so well is because it doesn't cost resources to summon creatures. you just Capture and fuse. Making testing and trying things out very fun! But you are limited to how much resources you have. Which makes it a very boring grind.Secondly, I know a lot of people will say ""Oh but Siralim 1 was a huge grind also!"" Yes but that leads to my next complaint. Royalty points/Diety Points. In Siralim 1 you would constantly be gaining Royalty points. Giving yourself a large feeling of advancement. In Siralim 2 you gain Diety points by appeasing gods. AKA doing quests in their Realm. For each quest in Siralim 1 you gain 1 Royalty point. Siralim 2 you gain 5/10/15 and so on diety points for gaining enough points from one of the gods. And this feels much more of a boring grind than a feeling of advancement.Thirdly, abilities getting nerfed. Now I agree some abilities were a bit crazy. But my main issue with this is that the creatures don't really have much of a different function from others. All the abilities are nothing that is really game changing. It's overall just... boring. Seeing that all abilities are mediocre it doesn't really make me want to play and see more. They all feel the same.I have more but that is all I can think of at this moment. And It's very dissapointing. Trust me it's doesn't feel good to post this! I want to love this game! So much! I love Siralim 1! It's one of my favorite games of all times! And I'm not one of those people who hate grinding in games. I love Siralim 1, Phantom Brave, The Dark Spire! Tons of rpgs that require a huge amount of grinding! The grinding in this game just seems so boring... As I stated on a discussion if they add a new mode where parents don't dissolve after breeding one of my main issues with this game would be solved!Now don't worry though... This game does have a lot of really good additions. Which is why it's so sad for me to not like it. All the new creatures are really cool and have pretty good abilities for the most part. When they aren't taking nerfed abilities from older creatures. Creatures equipping spells themselves is a really great function. Although if you want to breed a creature from your team you'll have to reequip them to the new creatures. The new realms are nice. And being liked by the gods could be a great function if they didn't limit it to improving your characters and having to grind for a rare drop to try out a breeding combination.And it's not like I only played for 2 or 3 hours. I've played for 12. And it just doesn't get fun to grind for anything on this game. I'm sorry Siralim team. I wish I could like this game more. And some people may like this game. But I can't recommend it like I've been recommending Siralim 1 to everyone I know."
76561197963664525,Recommended,464620,24927648,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Terkala,"Imagine Pokemon and Dragon Quest had a baby. That baby is Siralim 1. Now imagine that the developer of that game went ""Hey, you know what my game needs? More. More everything. More creatures, more combinations, more abilities, more items, more gods, MORE! IT MUST HAVE MORE!!!!!""That's Siralim 2. And it's Glorious."
,Recommended,464620,24543735,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Witness,"This is the first game in years where I looked out the window in panic that it was suddenly night time. Oops. Just spent 8 hours farming. I literally can't believe this is early access. Maybe I'm missing something but this game has WAY more content than most fully released games... absolutely amazing game, BUY NOW."
76561198056103182,Recommended,464620,24563456,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Papaya,"I just realized this game is in early access, it sure as hell doesn't play like one.  Can't imagine a better purchase for $15"
76561198054980955,Recommended,464620,26611078,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,BabyCharmander,"I've only played about twenty hours at the time of my writing this, but oh MAN those have been an enjoyable twenty hours and they won't be the last.If you are a fan of monster-raising RPGs--particularly ones like Dragon Warrior Monsters--then PLAY THIS GAME. The best way I can describe this game is that it is Dragon Warrior Monsters ON CRACK. Level your monsters forever, breed them for better and different offspring, craft items for them, enchant said items, teach them spells, dive through roguelike dungeons... and that's still not even everything.You're also trying to work your way up to gaining favor with all the different gods (who give you abilities and sell you items, and give you points you can use to unlock MORE abilities for you and your creatures), expanding your castle, doing quests, cooking food... I haven't even finished my castle yet and I know there's still things I haven't unlocked yet.There's a story on the side too, but the main focus is on the gameplay. Even so, the writing is pretty entertaining, and I've laughed quite a few times at things that have happened in the game (as well as raged over the times the game played a joke on me).Some people complain that the graphics are ""outdated"" but honestly I think the sprite-based stuff is part of its charm. The monster designs are very nice--they range from your typical weird monsters, to big scary ones, to ""cuter"" ones (or, well... I use the term ""cute"" loosely here, but let's just say I was quite satisfied with monsters like the dragons, unicorns, and ravens). No matter what sort of monster you prefer, you'll probably find something you like here. As far as the rest of the graphics go, I do think the smooth text and textboxes are a little jarring alongside the pixelated style of the rest of the game, but I got used to it. Music is nice too, but one or two of the songs don't loop smoothly--otherwise no complaints there.The monster battles themselves are excellent, of course. They're fairly complex--you'll work your way up to fighting 6v6 monster fights, and they're delightfully chaotic. You can't always just power through them--due to all the different monster abilities and spells, you have to think about what you're doing, and it keeps the battles really interesting. Especially the boss fights, which always have a trick to them. If you're smart, you can turn a monster's ability against it--I had a really satisfying moment defeating one particular boss with one spell that took advantage of the boss's own ability, and basically watched it kill itself. It was amazing.Catching monsters is simple--while fighting, you can have your monsters attempt to extract a core from one of the eneimes. If you do it successfully, you can go to your castle later and summon a monster with that core (and some materials, which you gather a lot of in the levels you explore). As for breeding, it works basically like it does in Dragon Warrior Monsters... that is, you breed two monsters together, and they leave you with an egg (literally leave--they're not coming back). The egg hatches into a critter that's stronger than its parents, always inheriting the stronger stats. There's different breeding combinations you can do to get different monsters, and as you explore the levels in the game you'll find pages to the in-game breeding compendum, which makes the process a heck of a lot easier.I think I've rambled enough. As I said before, if you like monster-raising games, you'll like this. It's got a lot more depth than you would expect for a game of this price, so if you're looking for a good monster-raising game, give this one a try."
76561198026161331,Recommended,464620,24885295,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dougie Love,"Quite an excellent game. It reminds me strongly of Dragon Warrior Monsters, from the days of yore. It scratches the itch I have to just sit and grind out more and more improvements for my team. The team-building aspect is also quite a bit of fun. Every monter has a place in some team out there. I can't think of one that isn't useful in some capacity. Overall, I'd recommend this to anyone who sometimes just likes to sit down and grind."
76561197993202541,Recommended,464620,23287232,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Joeyridge,"This game is like the roided baby of Pokemon and Monster Rancher.You start the game by choosing one of 5 classes and are given two starting creatures. You use these creatures to travel through 15 different types of procedurally generated realms beating up other creatures and stealing their cores. You use these corse to summon creatures of your own so you can grow your team of six creatures and even mate them to discover new varieties and increase their strength. The game has a bit of story but the core of gameplay is about mixing and matching your team of creatures to overcome your opponents.Here is what you can do to customize your play:You have 6 creatures who each have a unique talent.Each creature can equip an artifact which boosts their stats, give buffs, and can even give access to another unique talent.Each creature can equip 3-5 spell gems giving them access to spells they can cast in battle or effects that trigger when they attack or are hit.You can equip 5 runes which change aspects of play. (For instance, creatures who are sleeping might stay asleep even after taking damage).If you like infinite dungeons, capturing monsters, breeding monsters, collecting loot, and min / maxing then this game is for you."
,Recommended,464620,23246479,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,xniness,"A wonderful followup to Siralim 1, with the seemingly endless customization and fun new features like the cooking, minigames and gods systems, I frankly cannot recommend this game highly enough if you are looking for a game to spend a bunch of time on."
,Recommended,464620,29331246,Posted: 17 January,all,desophos,"This game is an astonishing work of passion, intelligence, care, and dedication. Thylacine, the tiny indie developer, clearly put incalculable thought into creating this game with all its immense, interlocking, significant, and extraordinarily well balanced systems. Siralim 2 is complex, but never unnecessarily so. Every mechanic contributes to the game; nothing is extraneous despite there being tons and tons of variety.I think of Siralim 2 as a combination of Dragon Warrior Monsters and Disgaea, dialed up to 11. If you like either of those series, you will love Siralim 2.From Dragon Warrior Monsters, Siralim 2 draws compelling collection and breeding mechanics, as well as tactical battles where team composition is essential; however, there are a seemingly endless number of unique creatures to collect, and breeding is amazingly complex with creature categories and subcategories, unique creature abilities and statistics, and a ""Gene Strength"" reminiscent of Disgaea's Transmigration/Reincarnation mechanic, all of which factor in to your decisions about which creatures to collect and breed together to produce your optimal team. A team consists of up to six (!) creatures, all of which participate in each turn-based battle against up to six enemy creatures. Team composition strategy is incredibly deep and there are innumerable combinations that ""work"", although you will likely have to change your strategy depending on the opponents you expect to face. Obvious and subtle synergies abound, thanks to the huge variety of options available. I haven't even mentioned spell gems, artifacts, runes, or cards, all of which significantly expand your choices.From Disgaea, Siralim 2 draws the emphasis on ""grinding"" and replayability that underlies the entire game. Siralim 2's gameplay relies largely on a basic cycle: prepare your creatures in your castle (where the NPCs reside), then venture out into procedurally generated dungeons to progress. Of course, this is a vast simplification, since preparation includes any number of activities such as breeding creatures, upgrading artifacts, visiting merchants, and managing your inventory and your creatures' loadouts; and adventuring includes exploration, battles, mini-quests, and boss levels. What little story there is is not the main focus; instead, you upgrade your character (gaining perks that help you both in and out of battle) and your castle (expanding the NPC services available to you). Nearly everything in Siralim 2 has some sort of progression to it, whether it's improving your artifacts' quality by battling through their inner realms (presumably inspired by Disgaea's Item World) or performing mini-quests for the deity of a realm to improve your relationship so you can unlock various bonuses and rewards. (Each deity has a very distinct and entertaining personality.)However, as with any grind-heavy game, it's possible to become exhausted by the repetition. Disgaea had obvious ""training maps"" where you would just level up your characters by performing the same set of actions each time, which very quickly became very boring. Siralim 2 avoids that trap by having procedurally generated levels, but if you are very averse to grinding for progression, you might want to play short sessions and take breaks. In Siralim 2, you mostly have to set your own goals, otherwise progression can feel meaningless; however, it's easy to find goals to aspire to, since the game provides so much to do.I would also like to commend Siralim 2's transparency of mechanics. It's almost always obvious what something will do, so the player doesn't have to experiment endlessly (or consult a guide) just to figure out basic game mechanics. When something isn't obvious, there is often in-game help to explain it. Many, many games have opaque or hidden mechanics that often cause the player to regret past decisions. (Dark Souls is a particularly notorious example; I would also name Sacred as an offender.)There is even more in Siralim 2 that I haven't mentioned at all! Note that I haven't even completed the story and I'm sure there is more waiting for me. On top of all of this, Thylacine is still improving and updating the game often, and has already released an expansion for free.I could go on and on, but Siralim 2 is worth your time and your money. I think lack of exposure is this game's worst problem. It's certainly niche, but it deserves more players. I highly recommend Siralim 2 to anyone interested in an intricate, complex, innovative game that not only embraces the best parts of its inspirations but expands upon those concepts to become a timeless gem that deserves far more acclaim than it has so far received."
,Recommended,464620,24682360,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Kaeru,"This is a very mechanical RPG. There's a lot of game systems at work here, but not a lot of story to go with it. However, that does not detract from the experience at all. Summon monsters, level them up, upgrade weapons you find, gear up your monsters. It's a fun game loop that is quite entertaining. The updates and bug fixes are frequent, so problems and issues do not linger."
,Recommended,464620,24238589,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,recklessfire,"While others are out and about catching pokemon with Pokemon GO, I choose to catch monsters in Siralim.  This is pretty much every thing I could want in a game of this genre"
,Recommended,464620,33569032,Posted: 15 July,all,Bobby_Typhoon,How to add anything else that hasn't been said already in praise of this game is difficult. It's quite good & is definitely worth the price as the developer worked hard sorting out bugs & imbalances. I personally never played the Dungeon Warrior Monsters series of games that are a big influence for this & the first Siralim. I was drawn to these two games from a post on reddit when the first game was only a demo. I played & enjoyed the first game & was thrilled to hear the developer was making a sequel that built off the first.This game is all about exploring the different realms (dungeons) & extracting cores from all the different monsters you come across to either spawn them as they are for use in your team or breeding. Breeding is awesome because it allows you to get stronger versions of the monster or cross breeding them with other monster types to get something new. All your monsters can be equipped to cast spells & can also carry artifacts that increase stats or give other attributes.If you've played the Dungeon Warrior Monsters series & enjoyed that or the Pokemon series then give this a go. It takes things from games that introduced ideas & adds to them. The repeatability is endless as you can try different team builds each time.
76561198010723907,Recommended,464620,24851606,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mehlo,"An amazing and deep game, easy to spend a ton of hours on."
,Recommended,464620,29498770,Posted: 26 January,all,Lets,"Did you enjoy Dragon Warrior Monsters for Gameboy? Then this game will devour your soul for hours at a time, it far more expansive, intricate, and offers an amazing amount of potential. Every creature has an innate passive that is unique to it and are not at all mild. They define the creature no less than it's stats. There are hundreds of creatures which means hundreds of traits, then with it's artifact system (equipment items for the creatures) that can hold a trait themselves, the possible parties is extremely high. There is no ""oh these are the best because it's individually strong"" because your party of SIX (HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ builds off each other. Not even twenty hours in and I already have a dozen different parties that do not even share a creature with one another that I am dying to try out later. 10/10As to how I found the game... Was initiating a trade with someone and saw they had hundreds of hours put into something called ""Siralim 2."" Curious, looked into the game and it definitely caught my interest. Thought I would look into it more later, I just added it to my Wishlist for now and check back. Later that day I was bored at an appointment and started looking into the game, where I found out it was on mobile for just $5. Bought it and played it for three days straight, no other game could distract me from playing Siralim 2. Now I have bought the game on PC and Playstation just for convenience, because you can share your save files between all three with the in-game Save Cloud.Absolutely amazing game. Would buy it three times again."
,Recommended,464620,29686138,Posted: 3 February,all,Bloodbeard,"Stardew Valley for MEN. Conflict, monster collecting, breeding, castle upgrades... and unlimited dungeon and party combinations. What more could you possibly want? The game starts off simple enough, but as you progress you will be overwhelmed (in a good way) with a fair amount of options for your team building efforts.Good stuff. I'd skip the first game and get this one. While it has a story... its pretty forgettable. The way it should be with this type of game. Perfect after work wind down type game."
76561198007096833,Recommended,464620,24976080,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,apavlides24,"This game, which I thought would be a 1-hour-at-a-time distraction grindfest, proved to be better than my expectations. I haven't played the first version. Up to now (22 hours playtime), I keep unlocking new content (realms, monsters, rooms in my castle) at a sufficient pace to keep me interested.EDIT: ~60 hours in and the game is still good and interesting. The pace is good.The game is fun, smart and interesting. I recommend it."
76561198004766305,Recommended,464620,24349236,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,eatonst,"First review I have ever written. I will keep it tight. Love the ""just one more turn"" aspect. I love all the discovery. I love the different strategies for building up your team. Overall I have found this an excellent game. AND is isn't even done yet. Well worth your time if you have looked over the play mechanics and know what you are in for."
,Recommended,464620,24917250,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,JuveyD,"If you enjoy GOOD well put together classic RPGs, you can stop reading this review right now. You should buy this game. You will enjoy it and get your money's worth.This game is almost exactly like the old Dragon Warrior Monster (and now Joker) games, with several improvements. You can find breeding recipes, so you actually know how to breed up to the rare monsters, every monsters has a unique ability that change how you play, and the strategy actually matters the deeper you get in to the game. I got to level 12 of the dungeon without putting any thought in to how my party interacts with their abilities and got rekt.The soundtrack is a solid 8/10. I enjoy it a lot, but I find myself tempted to turn it off if a session goes longer than 2 hours. Lots of looping, which you expect from a smaller dev. team.Some things that took me a second to figure out:- Getting to breed takes awhile to unlock. I forget what dungeon level it was now, but be patient and just enjoy collecting cores in the mean time.- To hatch an egg, you have to place it on the hay in the hatchery. (I missed that in the text I guess, and it took me 5 minutes to figure out :/)Ehhh I guess that's it.Overall I give this game a 9.5/10. I get that the point isn't to have an amazing plot. But the plot is pretty generic. I think if the developers pushed themselves they could have constructed a more compelling world. But that is just my opinion. This game is still very much a gem in the rough."
76561198004003722,Recommended,464620,29240299,Posted: 13 January,all,Martin Lockheed,"Holy ♥♥♥♥. You made one of the best damn games on Steam.Man thing is so addictive. You got all these monsters and ♥♥♥♥ to fight for you, raise 'em up and breed 'em and ♥♥♥♥. They each have special traits, you can equip gems and swords and ♥♥♥♥ on them to make them even more badass. As if that ain't enough, you can equip ♥♥♥♥ on the gems and swords themselves. And correct me if I'm wrong but I believe you can equip ♥♥♥♥ on the aforementioned ♥♥♥♥ that you equip on the gems and swords. This ♥♥♥♥ is ridiculous, I can't keep track. I mean damn, this game is bonkers crazy fun. If you're OCD like me and love customizing, fighting endless strategic battles, capturing all kinds of cool and badass monsters and ♥♥♥♥, you better buy this damn game."
76561197991975864,Recommended,464620,23508760,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,jayburke,"Everyone is comparing this to Dragon Warrior Monsters. There's a good reason for that: it FEELS like Dragon Warrior Monsters, but with layers and layers of added complexity.Every monster has a special trait that makes it unique. This is not hyperbole; literally every one of the 500+ monsters has a special effect, like poisoning all enemies when it gets hit, or absorbing the stats of enemy monsters it kills. This makes team building incredibly satisfying; whatever sort of synergy you want, there's a monster combo that does it.Add to that artifacts your monsters can equip, and which can be customized with materials you'll find while exploring, so you can tailor THOSE to whatever style you want.Bolster that sort of combo-crafting with runes YOU, the player, equip, and spell gems for your monsters, which not only grant spells, but also can have special effects that trigger randomly. . . and there are at least a half-dozen systems this review doesn't even cover! Gods, cooking, sigils, and don't even get me started on the awesomeness that is the breeding system.I've gotten more hours out of this than I have out of AAA titles I payed four times as much for, and there's still so much content I've barely touched! I cannot recommend this game enough; get it immediately!"
,Recommended,464620,23298341,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,BearsGoRawr,"An amazing improvement upon the first game.  Tons of things to do, loads of content, and addictive gameplay.  RPG fans will love this game.  Don't let the look of the game fool you.  It's deeply complex and will provide endless hours of entertainment.Pros:- Sheer amount of content- Improvements made upon the first game- Pixels galore- Monster Breeding- Complex mechanics to team formation- Stat junkies will love it- Throwback to classic gaming- Endless GameplayCons:- Battles can drag on a bit at first- A little unbalanced (but it IS EARLY ACCESS)9/10I friggin' love this game."
,Recommended,464620,28579075,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,94011,cool game
76561198112817814,Recommended,464620,29641262,Posted: 1 February,all,faceyhot,So good. Buy it. srsly. Play with a controller on the couch. Be Japanese. Noodles. Good Feeling.
,Recommended,464620,23256675,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Regal Kain,"I enjoy the game thoroughly, many of the negative reviews are due to bugs, or  crashes, I can certainly understand those people being upset and angry, that is the epitome of an Early Access title, furthermore the Dev has put out 11 hot fixes in 24 hours addressing most of those crashes, I certainly hope those people give the game another try and actually see how it plays.If you are a fan of Pokemon or the Dragon Quest monster series, you'll enjoy this game, there is a lot of depth to customization in your team, there are a lot of teams that are viable and work. Some people build teams entirely made of tanks, others build full casters, some like a nice balance, I personally build my entire team around a single super creature and it all works, runs smoothly as far as graphics issues goes. The crashes happened a lot in the early hours, and have since slowed way down. I'd highly recommend the game if you were a fan of the above mentioned series, you'll love this and get a lot of hours out of it. Save Often, report the bugs on the forums!"
76561198067075407,Recommended,464620,23271621,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Enchee,"Wonderful game. I had started the prequel Siralim 1 only two months ago and with 145h in that, I decided I would take the jump and get Siralim 2. So glad I did because it does everything I loved about Siralim 1 and then some. Can't write more as I have to get back and play some more!"
,Recommended,464620,23245216,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Danger Brijowt,"A modern version of the old Dragon Quest Monsters style game, but with layer upon layer of added complexity. For those that played Siralim 1, the sequel is more of the same, but better in every way. Basically, it's my perfect RPG."
76561198055572010,Recommended,464620,34098379,Posted: 8 August,all,no_linear2003,Just perfect. An absorbing detailed monster catching procedurally generated rpg with a massive array of monsters and the ability to customize each monsters individual powers. With deitys and crafting.Please the various deity's to gain bonuses.A stable to house prize monsters.I've been supporting this game since the first one. This second saga has been perfected to what could be the best RPG experience since my first game of the original bards tale or daggerfall. It also has an Ultima 6 vibe to it too.Great humor in the form of random characters and deity's showing up to quiz you and to offer unique rewards if you answer corectly.I would love to be able to press F5 to quicksave and thats probably my only gripe. I love all the animations of the handcrafted sprites each monster has distinct look with bright eye popping colors.It's a must buy for anybody who loves catching monsters and exploring random levels with fresh and new suprises on every level..This game has been made with love and that really shows.RECOMMENDEDB1trider
,Recommended,464620,23411473,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Enzor,"Great game, and for those that enjoyed the first game this should be a no-brainer. Much has been improved since the prior game, especially the spell system as each creature can now equip gems to cast spells based on their element type. This makes party configuration and customization miles better than the previous entry. Additionally, the reputation based systems add a compelling reason to revisit the different realm types, of which there are quite a ton. That, coupled with the new breeding system grants almost endless playability, as you can increase the ""gene strength"" of offspring giving them greater possible stats with each new generation. There are also many combinations that cause new ""evolved"" type creatures to be formed which combine two creature types.In terms of criticism that could be leveraged against the game, I would say that the art and map generation are a bit lacking. The game reuses most (maybe all) the creature graphics from Siralim, but there are new ones included as well. This, I don't mind so much as it only means more content. However, I would have liked to see a change of tileset for Siralim, as the layout is more dynamic this time which is great, but the textures/feel of the city are the same as the previous game.The game (as of now) is still only at version 0.1 in early access so much may change, but for those who haven't played the first game I would recommend to pick this game up as the content included already surpasses the first game and overall I find it way more fun to play than the first game."
,Recommended,464620,24699909,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Metrekec,"Only an improvement on the first one, Siralim 2 has a much more fleshed out campaign to give you a sense of direction at its start with mechanically interesting and challenging boss fights, and the breeding system makes this game a truly worthy contender for being the Dragon Warrior Monsters of our generation."
,Recommended,464620,24581974,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,sKiTTer,"This game is incredibly deep. As someone who has always appreciated ""speccing"" in games, Siralim 2 may be the most I've ever been able to sink myself into making creative combos and unusual synergies. I regularly find myself delighted by the fascinating implications of spell gems I come across, or by the innate trait of a newly encountered monster.Upgrading your Castle continues to open up your options for customization far, FAR into the game.  And the amount of enjoyment I derive from choosing the right enchantments for each creature's artifact is frankly ridiculous.While the story is beyond thin, the writing is surprisingly entertaining.When you've developed your team into an effective squad, make sure to have your librarian name those all-stars of yours. They've earned it.9/10 for gameplay5/10 for sound2/10 for visualsPokemon wishes it were this fun."
76561198045952439,Recommended,464620,24671635,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Peregrin Took,"Siralim 2 is a fantastic successor to the unique monster-collecting/dungeon-crawling/number-incrementing feast that was Siralim 1. Such a great update to the first one that it is both a great starting point for new players and worth the small price for Siralim veterans.People who love discovery, experimentation, and strategy will be pulled in by all the different gameplay systems Siralim's creators have meshed together. You have a team of six creatures with a variety of combat stats--but it's much deeper than that. Your creature taming character, for one, is one of 5 classes with game-changing abilities. Each creature has spells, which don't necessarily need Mana to cast--some leech off the user's HP or have a % chance to be cast randomly. Each creature has a very unique trait, ranging from Area of Effect attacks to buffing your team's Defense to spitting out a poison cloud when it is attacked. Each creature carries an artifact to specialise its stats and potentially give it an additional trait extracted from other monsters. Siralim 2 is a beautiful and crazy madhouse of potential synergies that just take some critical thinking to achieve. And when you achieve that perfect team--that team that gives the enemy 0 time to react, that team that has a gamebreaking amount of defense, that team that Power Rangers fuses together into one great hound and mauls the enemy--that's what you've worked for for all those hours. But there's always a next step, always something more to perfect.I do believe that this game has a somewhat niche audience--this is not for people turned off by turn-based combat or repetitive gameplay--but I believe that you wouldn't have even scrolled down this far if that's the case. One thing which might not be too obvious from the previews is the sandboxy nature of the game, which is to say that you make your own goals most of the time. The story will carry you for a while (~20 hours in my case but it could easily be done in less than 10), and afterwards you'll find a multitude of things that can grab your attention. Want to reach floor 100? go for it. Want to collect one of each creature? go for it. Want to start a winning streak at the arena? Finish building all castle expansions? Collect super rare creatures? See how strong you could possibly breed creatures? go for it. Your end-goals are up to you and the game does an outstanding job of inspiring you.The biggest potential negative of this game is alt+tabbing to desktop and finding that 3 hours have unwittingly flown by. Heartily reccomended if you feel even remotely interested."
,Recommended,464620,25037157,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Shoronsin,"Great game, its being constantly updated.If you liked Dragon Warriors Monsters for the Gameboy i reccomend this game 100%.It has its funny quirks to the game, it has endless possiblities with monster combinations / traits. Thousands of different customizations with Artifacts / Runes / Spell Gems."
,Recommended,464620,24997748,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,WaKKO151,This game decimates any other moster collecting game out there. When do we get multipayer and matchmaking?
,Recommended,464620,23888133,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Fauxy,"Real talk, this is a nerd game for nerds. If you care about HD headshots, go elsewhere.This game and its predecessor are everything games like Dragon Quest Monsters and Pokemon bring to the table, except with all the complexity and depth being an intentional work of craftsmanship on the part of its (I believe) singular developer, rather than a series of company wide half-flavor, half-We-Have-No-Idea-What-Makes-A-Monster-In-Our-Own-Game-Viable-And-Fun-But-Not-Broken compromises. Which is not to say that every little aspect of the game is perfect (though for an early access game, much of it is functional and very fun), and it isn't to say that every monster is useful (some seem to be tailor made for ridiculously specific situations that are harder and harder to forcibly create the more punishing the game gets, and though I haven't hit that point yet, I can already see it on the horizon), and it isn't even to say that the game systems are so balanced that they cannot be broken (breaking them is part of the fun, you're going to need to to get past the deeper realms). But what there is a kind of ballet to the many, many interlocking game systems as devised by the developer, with an elegance and a real love for the genre. There is so much satisfaction to be had in discovering new monsters, puzzling out new strategies, unlocking new features, and feeling like the game is ready to meet and challenge you on a level that those other games, bless their child friendly hearts, are not.As a series of final notes, I'll say that in my review for the first game I asked for boss fights and more of a story, and indeed this game delivered these, with me clocking the story's completion at 24 hours (not bad at all for the state of modern RPGs). I'll say this game delivered things I didn't ask for, such as a completely overhauled spell system and a better system for unlocking new monsters, which have brought as much pleasure to me as the angry totem god who called me ugly (more than you think). I'll say this game boasts all I have talked of whilst not even completed and more to come.So nerds, buy the game."
,Recommended,464620,23252800,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Respwner,"If you did not play Siralim 1:There is absolutely no issue starting with the sequel in this series, you will not miss out on anything in the second game by doing so.Siralim 2 is a game that lets you build a team of creatures and has many similarities with the old Dragon Warrior Monsters games. It does however offer much more complexity and customization when it comes to team composition than those older titles.Battles are turnbased and require you to think about what to do depending on what enemy creatures you face (their info is available by using inspect during battle, which does not consume a turn). Although enemies also have hidden bonuses, like stats and effects from artifacts they have equipped, making them less predictable and more varied.The story is there, but it is not the main focus of the game. It works as both a tutorial of sorts through the game and includes unique boss encounters at certain floors.Both spells (in the form of gems you can equip and de-equip form your creatures at will between battles) and attacks are viable options, although the gems you obtain from loot is random, so you might get lucky/unlucky.If you played Siralim 1:You can now adjust volume ingame (yey!). Seriously though, its better in every aspect, and if you liked the first one, you will love the sequel. If you did not enjoy the first game, you might still enjoy the sequel if the problems you had with the first game has been fixed by:There is now floating combat text as opposed to everything being told through scrolling text at the top of the screen in the first game.Enemies no longer level up with you, so the difficulty of a certain floor is always the same.End notes:Remember that the game is still in early access for bug-squishing and balance-tweaking. As of writing this review most of the discovered gamebreaking bugs/crashes have already been fixed, so expect them to be few and far between in a couple of days (after this was written)."
76561198062751391,Recommended,464620,25454715,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lord Hollow,"This game is like the cooler older brother of pokemon im 22hrs in on the writing of this review and have thourghly enjoyed my time on this game, all the custemizasion will have you completly absorbed into the world (Your kindom) of Sirlam the creatures a really cool and the spells and traits are buffed and tuff there are many classes of creature and class of mage you can choose from in the begining of your Grand journey the amount of content in this game will never stop supriseing you i highly recomend this game on quality of playtime ( which can go for hrs i fully exspect about 50-80hrs on my death mage file alone) the replayabilty is really there so many RPG elements its unreal each creature has an uniqie skill or trait that can be further buffed by equipping a mace,sword,shield,armour, wizard hat etc and those items can be upgraded almost endlessly as it lvls up with your critter and dont forget your spells too each of your monsters can hold 3 spell gems! Honestly i could go on but ill close by saying i Highly recomend this game there is so much here you wont be dissapointed!"
,Recommended,464620,24903046,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,The Great Sage,"I usually can't get into most 2d RPG games, they always feel a bit to repetitive and the content is pretty dull. However, so far even though I had to flee the first boss like 5 times and I spend way to much time on each Realm, I still like this game a lot. I would recommend this game if you have even the smallest interest in RPG games."
76561198059860074,Recommended,464620,29409953,Posted: 21 January,all,SideWays,"If I was starting a dungeon crawling, turn-based, RPG gaming company, I would stop at nothing to get this whole development team! Very well-thought out, emersive game. Tons of content and always something to work towards. This game is as hard or easy as you choose due to choosing what level to go explore. Well worth the quid. Three thumbs up!"
76561198084470913,Recommended,464620,25467844,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,bobbyfbitch,"Before I begin, I would like say this game, the maker and the community are awesome, Zack is probably one of the most friendly and attentive makers out there.Now lets get on with the reviews:One of the things I enjoyed most was the lack of creature Tiers. You can ""end the game"" with your first 6 creatures. A lot of other similar games forces you to change team composition at certain point of the game, since your tier 1 creatures just arent as effective as tier 2,3 ones. The game also offer a huge variety of creatures that all have ways to make itself work. The possibility is endless.I never played Siralim 1,so when I picked up 2, some thing seemed missing, informations or glimpse of the awesomeness await. As a new player, I have no idea I need to be level 60 to unlock warlock, I have no idea the stable thats awaiting me. I could have abandoned the game long before I run into those thing. It would be really nice if blood of alter, stables and warlock, etc are revealed much earlier, you can unlock more of it like the forge.maybe Im not deep enough into the game, but the mage class seems very dull, Im barely getting any deity point. With the point I do get, it barely makes any difference, there are some 1 rank wonders, but most of the other perks requires more deity points than I can actually grind at a reasonable rate.Another thing I find annoying is you can only buy, but not sell spell gems. My latest save only has about 50 hours, but Im already getting like 3 to 4 pages of spell gems of each kind, I didnt even bother to farm for any spell gems, I can only imaging the horror when Im level 600 instead of 60.Can't wait for the free addon ,another 100 of hours of great gameplay."
76561198040840296,Recommended,464620,26135532,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,PIN1,"Fantastic followup to a fantastic first game. Siralim games are simply amazing and I really hope they continue the series, while continuing to expand upon it.If you like heavy stats based monster collectors, this is the ultimate game for you."
,Recommended,464620,28812834,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,afxcollin,It's like pokemon and disgaea on crack! Theres a lof of grinding but you are always achieving or levling up something which leaves little room for down time. Great addicting game!
76561198062919680,Recommended,464620,28839486,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MY COMRADE NOW,"I grew up on Dragon Warrior Monsters and Dragon Warrior Monsters 2. This game felt familiar in the best way, in terms of the core mechanics. However, team composition and customization are much deeper than I anticipated - also in a good way. Creatures each have unique traits, which really set them apart from each other and can form distinct roles. It's important to be aware of your enemies' traits - you don't want to let one with a stacking defense buff live for more than a few turns, for example. Conversely, if you can set up your team with the same creature in a way that lets it survive for a few rounds, it might become unkillable by your enemies. I had a ton of fun theorycrafting and putting together a healing-based team focused around two synergistic traits - the first causes any healing on this creature to also be applied to your whole team, and the second causes any healing any of your creatures receive to deal damage to an enemy proportional to the amount healed. Every turn, each of my creatures heals the creature with the first trait, in turn healing all 6 of my creatures, putting out an incredible amount of damage while also maintaining full health. It's not unbeatable - there are plenty of enemy traits that get in the way of this working perfectly, and nothing is stopping my creatures from being one-shot by an overlevelled foe, but it's quite powerful and was very satisfying to put into action.It's hard to describe exactly how much customization is available to you. The key elements of customization, outside of team composition, are spell gems, equipment, and deity points.In this game, spells are not restricted to certain creatures. Rather, you can equip any creature with spell gems that enable the castng of the spell they hold. Each creature belongs to a type, sort of an element (life, nature, chaos, death, and sorcery), and a creature can equip any gems of its type. Life spells tend to involve healing or barriers, chaos spells often inflict debuffs - they all have a solid range of effects, though. Each individual spell gem can have a number of traits, such as reduced mana cost, increased damage, increased buff/debuff duration, and even a chance to cast when the creature is hit or attacks another creature. For creatures that are better off attacking than casting, equipping them with on-hit spells can be very effective.Equipment looks very complex at first, but it isn't hard to work with. There are different types of equipment that enhance health, attack, defense, speed, intelligence, and any combination of these stats. On top of that, a piece can have up to 10 effects on it at max level (equipment levels up as you fight with it equipped). Effects range from flat stat boosts to starting every battle with a specific buff. You can even get a monster's unique trait on a piece of equipment, allowing for some pretty crazy combinations, though each piece can have only one trait. You can unlock an NPC that will let you enchant equipment with certain effects as you desire, provided you have the materials.Deity points are given when you level up or reach a new level of favor with one of the 15 gods of the game. You can use them to give you and your creatures a very wide range of permanent boosts. I advise investing in the effect that lets you breed creatures of higher gene strength without a ritual, which will let you get stronger creatures faster and without consuming too many resources. The class you choose at the very beginning of the game determines some of the options you have for spending these points. I played a Life mage, which enabled the particular team I discussed earlier with the Overheal trait, allowing my creatures at full health to still receive healing, even if it won't do anything. Don't stress too much over your choices here,  since you can change your class and respec these points eventually, though not for free.Another nice thing I want to mention is how consistent and useful buffs and debuffs are. The majority of debuffs applied via spell have a 100% success rate, regardless of how powerful your enemies are. Got some annoying spellcasters? Cast a silencing spell without fear that it'll fail and you'll have wasted a turn - unless, of course, one of your enemies has the trait that makes its team immune to silencing effects."
,Recommended,464620,26188190,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,LordQuorad,"I have been wanting to play a game like this for a few years now. It's scratching every gamer itch in the right ways. I can't recommend this enough.It has more content than I can shake a wand at and so many monster recipes that I get blown away.I figured I could rush through this, and for the price it's at, I figured it'd be a good game to power through in a day. I was steadily overwhelmed from all the additional content and customization and party combinations that I am absolutely satisfied and happy with this game.A+ to the dev, continuing to output patches, content, and dev blogs even after the release. They even interact with the community. They are awesome."
76561198017127434,Recommended,464620,33931613,Posted: 31 July,all,tarklot37,"Monster fighting game that throws in RNG artifacts, spell/skills, opening up the potential for mad synergy."
76561197973064382,Recommended,464620,24921288,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ember,"I am loving this game.  Simple but there is alot of depth in creating and equipping your party, breeding and summoning, and building your home base.  It can be played casually"
,Recommended,464620,33965032,Posted: 1 August,all,Vade,"Wow!  I'm majorly impressed by Siralim 2!I used to play Dragon Warrior Monsters when I was young and have been searching for a game like it in recent years.  This game ticks all of the boxes for me.-Monster Breeding (very similar to DWM, you get a more powerful monster based on the parents type and stats)-Fun Dungeons (useful loot everywhere and objectives for each one, the diety system is brilliant and engaging)-Buffs and Debuffs Matter (contrary to some reviews, this is NOT a press E to win game, it takes careful thought and planning with monsters inherent abilities and the many spells and weapon effects to achieve that kind of gameplay)-Resource System (meaningful loot and gather system allows you to improve every aspect of your gameplay without feeling grindy)-Fantastic Soundtrack (usually i play games with a YouTube video or music playlist but not with this title)-Solid Progression (some of the fights at first seem unfair but when you think about what the game has given you, you can find some fun and diverse ways to overcome those obstacles.  I think their purpose is to push your own limits in the game and not just mash E.  Critical thinking is big here)-Excellent Performance (no framerate issues, bugs, glitches that I've seen so far)-Excellent Developer (no bs here, they made a great game and are selling just that, no microtransactions, great customer support, great website FAQ, and interaction all around)TLDR:Fantastic game that brings all of the Dragon Quest Monsters nostalgia and more!  The developer deserves a ton of credit for making an honest good game that's too overlooked in a sea of steam microtransactions, asset flips, and hot garbage.Siralim 2 has restored my faith in modern game developers!  I look forward to many more hours of Siralim 2!Edit:There is a minor microtransaction service in the game, but from what I can tell it is purely cosmetic.I did have a bug that deleted some of my spell gems, one of which was key to my strategy (highest speed creature lost his all enemy curse gem D: it's okay though, I found new strategies to continue on)"
76561197981561221,Recommended,464620,23315371,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Golden Lords,"Like dragon quest monsters/pokemon/monster rancher all rolled up into one, with a castle upgrade system similar to Disgaea.If you enjoy monster catching/battling games then Siralim 2 has plenty to offer.*It's quite addicting!"
76561198014628604,Recommended,464620,23318485,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,RoboGerbil,"This is one of the few early access games I would recommend. Daily updates. A dev who chats with the players during early access. Great music. And all the monster collecting you could want. Now lest talk about gameplay. On its surface this is a basic monster collecting and breeding game. You start off selecting your favorite critter from five choices. Each one is specialized in it own way, be it offense, defense, spellcasting, debuffing, or support. You will find all kinds of playstyles to choose from. Then you are sent off on your first quest; to kill some powerful monster summoned by a BBEG. Well along the way you will find more critters than you can shake a stick at and you will eventally fill your party with them. You can have up to 6 in your party at once and like I said before, each has its own thing that its good at, which can be further customized by equipping spells and artifacts. You want a tank that taunts enemies and every time he gets hit he places a DoT on the entire enemy team? go for it. Want a ninja that can dodge lightning and summons meteors every time he swings his sword? yep, you can do that too. Ok, ok, what about a dragon that resurrects allies whenever a spell is cast? you know it.Unlike other capture and breeding games in the genre, this time you can only evolve critters by breeding. You will come across breeding recipes along your journey. The downside is every time you breed or aquire a new type of monster, that creature can also show up in random battles. So while filling out your codex, the enemy list gets larger. At first you only fight about 8 types, but this list will quickly grow. There will be some where your party composition take easily and some not so much.TL;DR this is a mildly interesting game in early access. devs are receptive to their userbase. and the game should be checked out if you like the genre."
76561198025383507,Recommended,464620,24055954,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,dgreedy,"An excellent blend of endless roguelike dungeon crawler and turn based RPG where you collect/breed creatures to fight in your party.  I've had a lot of fun with it so far.  It has a heavy emphasis on gameplay over story which I like personally, but it you need a compelling story to enjoy a game this might not be for you.  Otherwise I can't recommend it enough for fans of classic turn based RPGs."
76561198080123570,Recommended,464620,24655672,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,willsama974,Siralim 2 is a nice turn-based combat and monster breeder game.The numerous strategical layers and fun boss fights makes this game a true gem of the genre.The dev has been working non-stop to add even more choices and enjoyable Quality of Life Improvements.Warning: Huge time sink :)
76561198216501187,Recommended,464620,31763038,Posted: 14 May,all,Willmasterp,Siralim 2 is one the best RPGs I've played in a long time. The sheer depth of the game means you will continue to find new things even after hundreds of hours of play time. The dungeons and monsters in the game are varied enough that it never really seems to get stale. Games like this just don't seem to get made anymore and that's a real shame.
76561198077855582,Recommended,464620,25026160,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Hurdy Durdy the Thurdy,"So, before I get into anything serious, I need to say that I NEVER leave reviews. Like. this is literally my first. I say this not to cast doubt on what I'm about to say, but instead to enforce how great I think this game has the potential to be.The core concepts of capturing, breeding, and recapturing monsters layered on top of tried-and-true JRPG mechanics are solid, and 40+ hours in I'm still not bored. The ability to enchant equipment with any of the other creatures' innate traits is a game changer once you really understand how said traits interact with each other, and the ability to turn creatures into 'Nether' versions of themselves (which can have up to 3 unique traits chosen by the player), coupled with LITERALY THOUSANDS of individual monsters, which can be put together into teams of 6 means that the engame is LIMITLESS!That being said, I do think the game could benefit from MUCH faster menus. Almost everything you buy kicks you out of whichever respective store you were in and you have to start from the first entry if you were planning to buy something else. The option to remember inventory position would elevate this game from great to near flawless IMO. A small complaint, but the only one I can come up with for this gem"
76561198009800914,Recommended,464620,23965724,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Coaldrone,"Siralim 2 is a brilliant example of everything a true sequel should be - a game that learns from its previous mistakes, and pumps steroids into its previous strengths.The original Siralim was a compelling game that teemed with promise, but regrettably had some design shortcomings that relegated it to a button mashing grindfest with a frankly bizarre difficulty scaling system. S2, on the other hand, feels big, fresh,thrilling and satisfying from the word go. Here are some of the highlights, with comparisons between the two generations:CUSTOMIZATION: Damn, Thylacine! So artifacts, spells, passive abilities, rituals, nether orbs and hundreds of different creatures weren't enough? Now, we have God's Favour, Runes, Cards, Multiple Spell Slots, Gems, Meals and who knows what else on the horizon?? That is the sound of an itch being scratched.The incredible freedom afforded by S2 is palpable. There is a genuine sense as you play that you can try any team comp, any strategy, and you will find a way to make it effective. The game practically screams at you to experiment, and allows a level of creativity that S1 often grazed, but never fully penetrated.SPELLS: S1's spell system was, in my opinion, dreadful. 99% of the time, spending an entire turn draining your mana into a single spell with a very meh effect essentially removed it as a viable tactical option, given that by the time you had any decent spells, you had invested in your team's abilities so much that you would be mad not to use your turn sending them in to Provoke/Attack. Casting spells felt boring and pointless.But S2, oh you beauty, you learned well. Now your creatures cast the spells, and by God, do they do it like it ain't no thang. Spells are now gems, equipped onto slots on each creature (which average 3 slots each, meaning you normally have access to no less than 18 different effects in a given round of combat) and these gems can have random situational triggers (such as taking damage). This makes every single round of combat in S2 unique, exciting and meaningful, as a chaotic chain reaction of damage, debuffs and spell triggers can turn the tide of battle at any point!REALMS: How many were in S1, like seven? S2 says HAVE ALL TEH RAELMS. And Gods, because why not?THE ONE THING I DON'T LIKE: Those ""boss"" battles. Very gimmicky. Often frustrating if your team comp is not designed to deal with a particular enemy/effect. Can bottleneck your experience somewhat. Pro tip - INSPECT is your friend.OVERALL: The game feels much more sandboxy and creative than S1. The battles are geuinely exciting. Things are looking good S2! Keep it up!"
76561198065573572,Recommended,464620,23321552,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Secos,"Reserved until I can get deeper into the game.  However, my first impressions are positive so far ."
,Recommended,464620,23410339,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,GoldHero101,"This game is a match made in heaven. I LOVE THIS GAME. Firstly, it has a small story that is pretty easy to follow. Secondly, this game is ENDLESS. Regardless of how much you play, you will never meet a point where it stops. However, it could get boring, but I have not faced this boredom yet. Overall, a fantastic game I believe everyone should try."
76561197963973496,Recommended,464620,24920435,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,[GA] Doops,I just dont like to admit i love pokemon games...JK these dungeon master games were happening before pocket monys!**Great roguelike moster collecting fun!!
76561198027820117,Recommended,464620,24889348,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Safear,"Sucked me in with suprising depth to the game play, and so far i just cant stop playing, what pokemon should be. Throw your money at this great game maker, he deserves it!9/10 controller support would be nice."
76561198006789458,Recommended,464620,24935941,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Gnilbert,"If you love min-maxing your team to crush the opposition, and you're willing to look past some odd keyboard mechanics, this game is a must-have. Just as warning: the first time I played , the clunky controls (it's a bit like a console emulator)  really put me off, and I ended up quitting after about 20 minutes, but the creature-breeding and party mechanics drew me back.When I started playing it again, I just couldn't put it down - and after I while, I barely noticed the interface at all. In other words, the gameplay is more than sufficient to justify looking past its dated interface.There is a surprising amount of complexity in the stats, spells, creature traits, artifacts, and myriad other game systems, but instead of feeling overwhelming or disjointed, the various pieces integrate nicely. Essentially, each system provides a different set of levers for modifying the core gameplay mechanics. There's also sufficient breadth and balance to allow an incredible variety of viable play-styles.The pixel art is well done, and the creatures (for the most part) aren't just recolors of the same image. In fact, the handful of bad images are quite jarring next to the rest of them (I'm looking at you, Glutinous Slime). There's a definite NES vibe to the whole thing.Even if you're on the fence, I'd recommend giving it a try; you'll know whether it's for you *well* before the 2-hour limit on returns."
,Recommended,464620,23293584,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Arx,"Fantastic game. It feels like they added in every feature they thought of: SMT-style monster fusion, Diablo-style equipment rerolls, light base-building elements, infinite dungeons, tons of achievements for hunters. Playstyles are surprisingly diverse, and most builds are viable--the skill system feels almost like a deck-building game in this regard. The graphics obviously aren't a priority, and gamers who hate repetition won't like the dungeon and quest format, but those of us in love with the earlier Final Fantasy/Dragon Quest/etc games need to give this a shot. No need to play the first game (this is super light on story)."
,Recommended,464620,23313273,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Who_Ate_Mah_Cake,One of the most commited and dedicated dev teams I've ever seen for any game.
,Recommended,464620,23265620,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nayteo,Fantastic replayability with lots of mechanics and party customisation.
76561197993211938,Recommended,464620,24890389,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Black_Elvis,"Sequal to the Grindiest game of all time exceeds the first in many ways.  The most combination mechanic is really fun and the sheer number of strategic combinations is absurd.  I'd wager that literally EVERY player of this game has found a unique and working combination of creatures.If you liked Siralim - get this.  Though I imagine everyone that loved Siralim already owns Siralim 2.If you think the premise sounds interesting and you like this kind of combat mechanic, get it.If you want a story and epic plot -- pass.  This is a combat junkies game, for hardcore strategist and party-buffing Grinders primarily."
76561198013924266,Recommended,464620,23258101,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Killdozer,"Mother of ♥♥♥♥ I am in love with Siralim. It has some seriously dank old school Pokemon/Dragon Warrior aesthetics.I would love to see the developers just keep adding creatures and expanding the game with more and more. I just want to see this game be so massive that it's absolutely ridiculous.But yeah,10/10."
,Recommended,464620,23239693,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Magic Mike Mazz,"i luv siralim, i play the original so much on my phone.  im sure this early access playtime will b the start of a long adventure.  i hope they bring back cloud saving, then i can keep playing the character im playing now.  ill update this review with comments."
76561198039399209,Recommended,464620,23242582,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Raserei,Very fun! Simple base premise but deceptively in-depth game.Warning: Very addictive once you learn the game! (There is a lot going on that you won't understand right off the bat)
,Recommended,464620,23275248,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Wolframhart,Avery strong sucessor to the original. This one has even more customiaztion and I love the addition of features like breeding and gods!
,Not Recommended,464620,31759755,Posted: 14 May,all,QED,"I'd like to give Siralim 2 an endorsement just on the sheer volume of content, but it doesn't hold up the experience if the raw act of gameplay isn't enjoyable. It's one thing to take RPG-grinding and build a game around it, another to abandon the conceit of 'fun' to holding down a button to skip thru animations as much as possible. Combat in this game is rote and frustrating because it feels like you never gain access to cool enough stuff to make it worth paying attention to, and when you do, the act of actually outfitting and using your creatures is so frustrating it's not worth it by the you get into battle.The UI for the various perks and statistics is also less-than-pleasant to navigate--I feel like the same information could be conveyed more efficienctly and in an easier to read fashion as well.While the variety and different flavours of monsters seem appealing, there's little-to-no reason to go exploring evolution chains when most of the later abilities are weaker than the monsters you start with. I never felt like the game was properly telling me what to do in order to have the best experience, and by the 500th randomly generated floor packed with generic baddies in which I could watch one of many bars increase in value, it became evident the game wasn't going to get much deeper.Buy Siralim 2 if you have a compulsive need to gain experience in something that doesn't matter at all, AND you also have no need of a story, lore, or engaging combat. Everything is there but enjoyment."
,Recommended,464620,25308016,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Federally Mandated ERP,"Game is a little too grindy, if you're the type like me that can fall into a grindy trap, be a little careful even if I do enjoy it.Is great for fulfilling that need of the type of game where you and your opponents are pulling from the same pool of abilities (all your monsters are the same things as what you encounter) but you go and try to make as ridiculous and broken of combos as possible. (For example when I read an update it sounded like they had to fix an infinite-combo that could cause your game to be, well, stuck in an infinite combo and force you to restart.) I think ideally you should be winning fights where the monsters are -significantly- higher in level once you get your party going.Recommendation:If you aren't big on trying to abuse the mechanics of a game and just want something straightforward where anything you use will just work, then you're probably going to be spending a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ more grinding in which case I'd say DON'T get this game.If you want to play 'haha when I combine X with Y and Z plus W, all I have to do is press two buttons and I win every fight' then this is more for you. If you can stomach a bit of grinding."
76561198043905601,Recommended,464620,23492854,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,BlastProcessing,"Siralim 2 is a turn-based monster catching JRPG highly similar to Dragon Warrior Monsters 2 on the Game Boy Color. Drawing from its inspiration, it features a breeding system and randomly generated dungeons that can be infinitely explored. The game also features its own innovative twists in the form of spell gems, artifacts that can grant traits, and a deity reputation system.Pros:Highly addictive and replayable.Soundtrack that ranges from mesmerizing to intense to soothing.Endless gameplay and great value for potential amount of fun.Game's developer is actively involved with the community and receptive to criticism.Cons:Graphics are not the best, though monster types are varied and interesting to make up for it.Gameplay can be slow at times, though this can be circumvented with a turbo mode.Game is a bit glitchy at the moment - I've had a few crashes that required using task manager to end the game.Thankfully, this is a rare occurence and the frequency of patches indicates that this won't be an issue on release.Overall, Siralim 2 is a great game with stunning amounts of content. As far as I know, it's pretty much one of a kind in term of the market niche it fills. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,464620,23339337,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,blazingbunny,I threw up and got loot.
76561198026483938,Recommended,464620,24997673,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,PheonixWolf,"Pros: Delivers on promisesCons: Very simplistic gameplay so far,  haven't needed to improve upon basic monsters only changed a couple because i like them more. No challange thus far.will update as i play"
76561198010876048,Recommended,464620,24977529,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,LeChronos,"Bought this right when it came out of early access. The few issues I had with it were immediately fixed by the Dev Team - great work!So, this game is about randomly generated dungeons full of monsters, quests and loot. To tackle these you get an ever growing army of critters (early on by catching enemies Pokémon style and later by breeding them). In between you fight tough story bosses that require unique strategies / creature building.Add to this a ton of moving parts like equipment which can be enchanted and otherwise customized, food, gods to gain favors with and you get a nice game to sink tons of hours into.If the graphic does not deter you, give it a try!"
,Recommended,464620,25015937,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Krimson,Great game and I highly recommend it. I usually don't play a game without decent graphics but this game is the exception.
76561197971626642,Recommended,464620,23590142,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,chansi,"pretty much what everyone else said about DQ, pokemon, etc. :) love this game and this is my first review, worth every penny!biggest plus so far; all the monster combinations and varying sprites/art !!!!! it is amazing, you will get a surprise quite often breeding random monsters together :)and the constant dev updates with quality of life improvements + bugsbiggest drawback so far; crashes, but they are fixed every few days with the devs patching !"
76561197993973604,Recommended,464620,25593614,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Buddy Dharma,"Basically the best Shin Megami Tensai game I've ever played.I you like RPGs with lots of exploration, deep character customization, complex drop-down menu combat, not bogged down by any of that tedious 'story' nonsense, and find grind relaxing rather than tedious, this is for you."
,Recommended,464620,25098975,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,FantasticPancake,"An excellent team-building, monster breeding RPG from a dev who clearly loved the Dragon Quest Monsters games, but decided to tune the gameplay to make a more enjoyable experience.It is grindy, as this sort of game kind of has to be."
,Recommended,464620,25127418,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,TubOfButter,"One of the best games I've played recently! If you ever played dragon warrior monsters, you'll love siralim 2! Don't be deceived by the simple controls and retro look, there is so much to do in this game - I have 50 hours on a character and still feel like there's much more to explore!"
76561198051829574,Recommended,464620,25001675,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,jjdulin2,"A very impressive fusion of the monster-catching and role playing genres, Siralim 2 is quite literally the love child of classics such as Dragon Quest, Magic: The Gathering, and Diablo. What it may lack in visual appeal it makes up for in creativity, strategy, and uniqueness.At it's core, Siralim 2 is a monster catching game, with you going through a multi-floored randomly generated dungeon, and building an army of monsters to fight with. What seperates this set up apart from others in the genre is that ever monster has a unique special passive ability, such as increasing your party's stats, or counter-attacking in various ways whenever they, or an ally is attacked. Many of these abilities stack, so party building becomes very strategic.Monsters can equip one piece of gear, and several gems that give them spells (Monsters do not learn skills or spells by leveling up, only by finding and equiping these gems). However, each of these items has a set of randomly generated stats and unique modifiers, exactly like the Diablo series. These stats can be altered and changed for a fee in the player's hub base, so just like party building, this item system adds another layer of depth to how you will play.All in all, I definately recommend this game to any RPG fan, or fan of similar strategy heavy games (Looking at you, MTG players)."
76561198053065696,Recommended,464620,25004511,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Wookie,"If you enjoyed Pokemon and Disgaea in your past, and have the time to devote to something equally as big, this is a very solid pick. If you let yourself get into it, the return on investment will be near infinite.Active updating and supportive devs also doesn't hurt :)Only complaint I could have is a seeming lack of DirectInput support, but the extremely simple controls make that a rather trivial matter."
,Recommended,464620,25014562,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,*4ever.Maynard,"I played a little of Siralim 1, but only a couple hours' worth. If I'd gotten really into it I might feel worse about Siralim 2, because it seems like it's all the same assets, same main base, same mechanics, but with a bunch of new stuff. More like an expansion than a sequel, I guess. But it would suck to go from having a great hundred-hour team in Siralim 1 to moving over to this objectively-better version where you have to start out all over again.Regardless, it's a great game. It's the ultimate ""keep it in a window and watch a movie or something in another window next to it"" game, which I used to use Minecraft for."
,Recommended,464620,25005320,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,E-Mizery,"If your goal is to explore game systems and experiment with interesting combinations and stat balancing, this is the game for you.  So long as you enjoy (or can stand) the graphics of this game, it is a great pick up for monster trainer lovers."
,Recommended,464620,26346253,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Wong Tong Silva,"**Note: Played about 70h on mobile version before I realized I could transfer my save to pc, then purchased pc version right away**At first, it may look generic and uninspired, but beyond the veil lies a game of incredible depth and customization. A good way to describe it would be a fantasy-esque pokemon, but all your monsters battle at once.The game includes capturing and training a variety of monsters, equipping and enchanting gear with a plethora of attributes, tons of collectable materials, base expansion, arena duels, and a system against level or skill caps. Bonus points awarded for cloud saving, enabling you to play on pc or mobile with the same save (must purchase the game on mobile, but at a reduced cost, very worth it IMO)If you like dungeon crawlers, turn based team monster battling, and managing gear and abilities, Siralim 2 has enough depth to warrent the price, and then some."
,Recommended,464620,23545933,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Umaro,"If you love old-school RPGs, monster-catching games and/or your played Dragon Warrior Monsters 1 and 2 when you were younger, this is the game for you. A game that literally never ends, Siralim 2 will test your team-building skills with its 537 creatures and traits, 40 runes that alter your skills, about 200 spells to choose from, customizable artifacts, and more. You can also change the way you play by selecting ""Punishments"" for a personal Siralim 2 experience.If you're not put off by the old-school graphics, definitely give this game a try."
76561198076132181,Recommended,464620,33689956,Posted: 20 July,all,OldBaloo45,"Solid game, and it's worth checking out the new game from Thylacine Studios, it looks like it'll be great.Good price (and it does go on sale), and it's nice to have a game like this available on steam.It's like Dragon Warrior Monsters, but with less hassle and more features (and deeper team synergies possible).My favourite moment was when I got my Mana Vortex creature to start multi-casting spells, it would cast so many spells in a row that I lost track of why it was able to cast that many.Thanks for your time"
76561198024689294,Recommended,464620,24168124,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BloodRaven,"A game that looks simple on the surface yet is anything but. If you like customizing, min-maxing, team-building, monster catching, or just unlocking tons of stuff over tons of hours, this is a game for you.I have over 100 hours in this game and have unlocked only 186 of nearly 600 monsters and have yet to unlock all of the castle upgrades or fight all of the bosses. To add to the complexity each monster has their own unique skill as well as a fully customizable artifact slot plus multiple customizable spell slots for near endless combinations. I could go on and on about what makes this game awesome, but instead let me leave you with this: if you like depth in your games than this is the Mariana Trench. Buy it, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,464620,25916723,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Idanwin [SLUG],"Grindfest simulator 2016.Grind to level up you creaturesGrind to get resources to summon new creaturesGrind to get new skill gemsGrind to improve artifact statsGrind to please the godsThis truly is ""Grinding: The Game"".I play it while listening to podcasts because it's a relaxing gratifying game that requires very little attention (generally)."
,Recommended,464620,28265118,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,NeoGriim,"I play this primarily on my phone, I probably have over 100 hours played.  It's a great game, good enough for me to buy it twice just to be able to play on the go or on the big screen."
76561198053332771,Recommended,464620,23258805,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,fishheadpress,"This game is fantastic. Takes the best parts of Dragon Quest Monsters and mixes them with the endless customization of Nippon Ichi titles like Disgaea. Perfection. The developer is clearly very passionate about his craft, diligent, and listens to what players have to say. This sequel is proof positive of that. Even better than the original (which was mightily impressive in its own right). He's taken in player feedback and polished the mechanics of the first title. Don't miss this.Now I'm going to go back and play it some more."
,Recommended,464620,23264300,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Wizard Lizard,pretty much the heroin hero of RPGs.
,Recommended,464620,23239421,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,hrsta,"I loved the first Siralim on IOS and on Steam.I really like what i'm seeing so far, lots and lots of improvements everywhere.Thumbs up, you have my support."
,Recommended,464620,24022243,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,(:AR:)-Paradox,"This game is absolutely glorious.Furthermore, it has four... hundred... and eighty-three... achievements.... *_**cough cough*Click the green button please. Please. If you've ever loved an RPG. ;-;  (*DO IT FOR THE CHILDREN*)"
76561197963491208,Recommended,464620,25107032,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Lukie Pookie,"This game is addiicting and fun.  There is polish, and love for me.  Thank you so much."
,Recommended,464620,25017909,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,AshaMarie,"What a rare gem of a game to find amongst the crap that gets spawned on steam.  This game is a masterpiece that is deserving of a score over 10/10.  The game is so addicting that you might forget that you have other steam games to play.  Let's just say that I have as much watched my family go to bed and all wake up with me still playing.  There is a lot of grind to be done here but don't let that discourage you.  You will sometimes find some very rare and exciting loot randomly or a rare boss fight like I had just earlier this morning that suprrised me.  On top of that, it played one of the most epic battle themes I have ever heard and it never played it on the other bosses.  I never had so much chill down my spine before, and that boss actually put up a fight.  The battles in this game remind me of the old Dragon Warrior/Quest games that I grew up playing.  I am in love all over again.  It's also nice to ""collect them all"" and experiment with different monster parties.My only complaint is the inability to use Turbo Battle speed during event bosses.  I can honestly live with that as these story bosses require unique strategy to beat and you want to be careful and be mindful of all the buffs/debuffs going on.The devs are all active and helpful as far as I have seen.  They are hard at work and possibly working on expansions.  They deserve every cent of this game's full price.  I recommend this game even when it's not on sale.100/10  ~ 10-fold with respect and love.  I would so watch parents sleep and wake up again before I stop playing."
,Recommended,464620,25073986,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,neonight1986,A wonderful dungeon crawl monster capture game. The game is already well crafted and has an increadable amount of content in it.
76561198032507845,Recommended,464620,23375748,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Towerbooks3192,Pokemon feel more of a chore than a game? Miss the good old Dragonquest/warrior Monsters games? If you answered yes to both then look no further! The game that you would love is here. You get a monster taming/catching RPG with a lot of monsters to tame/catch and breed (the first game had around 300 and more on this one) and items to forge and equip your monsters. You thought Disgaea was cool with its lvl 9999 cap? This game never ends. Might be rough around the edges compared to other titles but you get a whole lot of value for the price you are paying for this game. Heck it has more replay value than most AAA games today.
76561198013078836,Recommended,464620,28345357,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TheCoolWolf,Highly recomended! I have a hard time sticking with jrpg's even though i find the idea of them very apealing. this game is not quite a jrpg but it uses alot of the same elements and for me it scratches the same itch while still having alot of new and fun elements from other genres and some things that i have not seen before at all. we also just got a new free expansion that i have yet to play around with but it sounds very fun.
76561198104361263,Recommended,464620,23388906,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"hell yes this game! get it! like it says: there are over 500 monsters to collect through various means (capturing their cores from similar monsters in the field, breeding 2 different monsters to make a new, more powerful monster from their genes, or gaining the support of the various members of the pantheon of gods/goddesses in the game.), there are hundreds of spells to use and all the monsters and spells fall into one of several categories-each with their own strengths and weaknesses against each other (like how the life and death monsters/spells interact with each other). i've played for 12 hours so far and haven't even met all the gods yet. i think i have yet to run into 2 of them. i've reached level 25 and have already come across enough monsters and breeding recipes (the game provides a complete list of all combinations of breedable monsters and their outcomes [i'm assuming this because i keep finding pages of the breeding list and some are numbered as low as 34 and some go as high as 1002-so i imagine there are at least 1000 combinations] to produce 2 eggs (when you breed 2 monsters together, they leave your stable-essentially you sacrifice those 2 monsters to make the new one). i haven't hatched them yet but i'm excited to try them out. many of the monsters can have different traits that provide a boost one way or another (like boosting stats, or providing a regen effect to the whole party) and when you breed monsters with different traits, you can get a new, more powerful trait (although i'm not sure if that happens every time). there's a ton of depth to the game and it looks like it'll live up to it's claim of endless content with no level caps for the most part. no level cap to the game is definitely a plus in my opinion. there's a relationship levelling system with each of the gods that not only provides unique monsters to summon and fight with, but they also give you something called divine points that you use for your player character to do things like provide permanent boosts to your creatures or increase the resources you get from battle or provide xp to monsters in the stable so they continue to level up even when not being used( there's also one that allows your eggs to retain a percentage of the xp from each of its parents and one that adds a percentage of your creatures' speed value to their attack value-as well as stats that will let you increase your damage output and reduce the damage you take). with so many things you can level up in and put divine points in, i'm excited to see how my creatures increase in power as i progress through the game.on top of all of that, there is a slew of 'artifacts' that your monsters can equip. as of right now, they can only have one equipped at a time, but i'm hoping that number increases to 2 or even 3 (but no more-that'd be insane) in the future. you can make all the different types of artifacts at the blacksmith you can upgrade your castle with or you can buy some from the merchant square you can also build. there are axes, maces, swords, staves, and other weapons that boost your monsters' attack and often another stat as well depending on the type of weapon. (staffs seem to increase attack and intelligence, whereas axes seem to increase attack and speed) there are also gloves, shields, and other armors that boost your defense and other resistances and there are even ribbons and necklaces and other accessories that boost intelligence or speed and other stats like that. all of the artifacts will endlessly (i think it's endless-i have some at level 1 and some as high as level 9) level up while equipped to a monster. as your rack up kills, you level up the artifacts.this game is something i can see myself playing forever. an endless amount on endlessness. i wish i could more than recommend it."
,Recommended,464620,25489730,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,BubberDuck,Reliving my dragon warrior monsters childhood never felt so good
76561198054140780,Recommended,464620,26069971,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Jubal Early,"Let me first say that I have been playing significantly more time than it shows here on my phone.I love Siralim 2. Why? Because I can watch TV and play it at the same time.Thats a terrible reason to love a game, but there it is. My laptop is not great and Siralim 2 runs beautifully (it's only 100 MB)About the graphics. Obviously not amazing, but at the same time, more than functional. Everything is vibrant and easy to interpret. No complaintsAbout the controls. A gamepad is the way to go, but a keyboard is servicable. Everything can be controlled with one hand.(Insert mastubation joke here). Up and Down Left, Right, A, B, and thats it. (Not even a select, or start. How are we going to enter cheat codes now?).Don't let the simplicity of the control scheme fool you. There is a lot of depth here. There are a massive number of creatures, combine this with breeding, artifacts, relics, and a host of other options and you have a lot going on in an easy to digest package.But the true beauty of this game is that you can literally turn away for 30 seconds or 30 minutes  and there is Siralim 2 just waiting for you. It you watch video while you play, listen to podcasts, or otherwise need a distraction from your videogame distraction Siralim 2 is the game for you.This is in no way a shot at the game or the developers. They are very active and have put together an excellent game. I am very excited about the upcoming DLC. Its just that the main draw for me is the is the casual, approachable (and leavable and returnable) nature of the game, makes it a favorite.If you want a casual yet surprisingly deep game, give Siralim 2 a try."
76561198069157112,Recommended,464620,25878599,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,davethafunkyhomosapien,9/10
,Recommended,464620,24977848,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Solitaire,"This game scratches an old itch i havent felt in a while. Great game, great old school feel, deep and simple at the same time. FANTASTIC!"
76561198056248515,Recommended,464620,24981635,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Legato,One of my best buys on steam. At first i thought the graphics would bother me but i quickly got used to it.
76561198049857423,Recommended,464620,33001477,Posted: 29 June,all,dlefebvre,good
,Recommended,464620,24927783,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Echoherb,"Incredible game, very fun and addictive. There's a seemlingly endless amount of content and it never gets boring or tedious. The best part about the game is that it's made by a devoloper that you can tell cares about the gamers. Every system is designed to be as intuitive as possible, and the different mechanics and systems are explained to the player within the game, so that it avoids the problem that many oldschool RPGs like this have which is that they often have obtuse unintuitive and tedious mechanics that you have to learn about through outside tutorials. The game delivers all this content through a very well designed and well organized interface.The graphics are simple yet beautiful, with brightly colored varied environments and unique monster designs. As simple as the graphics are, they look and feel very polished and lifelike, and avoids the ""RPGmaker feel"" that indie oldschool RPGs often have. The simple graphics actually help the game because it allows for a greater focus on gameplay, which this game has plently of. The devoloper is also very active within the community, and constantly updates the game with useful features and new content.Gameplay wise, it's a monster breeding game. You level up monsters, and breed them to make them stronger, or create brand new types of creatures. Each creature has a different trait, and you can combine these traits to make really interesting and powerful combinations. While you're doing this, there's always a goal to be reached. You need to keep your power balance up, get more diety points, build your weapons, finish your rituals, defeat you sigils, micromanage your weapon stats, earn favor with deities, defeat realm bosses, finish your quests and the list goes on and on. This makes the game very addictive because you always feel like you're working towards something. I don't think it's possible to run out of stuff to do in this game, I've played for over 60 hours and I still feel like I haven't scratched the surface of the game.Highly recommended."
76561198033395447,Recommended,464620,24962313,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Clever28nj,I'm really enjoying the game. It's addictive and has tons of content including many ways to customize your mage and your minions.
,Recommended,464620,24965505,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Fingahs Hoolihan,+500 unique monsters. Tons of stuff I've read about but haven't seen yet. Old school style rpg system with so many things to collect it keeps me coming back for more. A+
76561198124423996,Recommended,464620,24947829,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,WatDo,"It's pokemon meets dungeons and dragons. If you like either of those and/or rogue-lite dungeon crawlers, this game is for you.Looks good.Plays good.Can run on a toaster (probably).It's good.4/5 ""Buy it""s.Buy it."
76561198119386766,Recommended,464620,24905799,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,frowst.facio,Returned No Man's Sky for this game.I'd give it a perfect 5/7
76561198031525608,Recommended,464620,23267600,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,blind.cap.pie,Talk about value for your money.Talk about a hidden gem.Talk about gameplay over spectacle.Stop talking and play the game dude.
76561198020728468,Recommended,464620,24829825,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Gerard,"Not Pokemon 2: Electric BoogalooSiralim 2 is an oldskool 8bit style RPG reminiscent of Final Fantasy or Pokemon. It has endless creature and realm levels, allowing for potentially infinite play. And contrary to many other procedurally generated games, it's not just infinity for infinity's sake. It's got a staggering amount of content and variety. In fact, the game's still introducing crucial new gameplay elements after dozens of hours playtime.Compared to the first game, Siralim 2 is a little more reserved in it's approach to levels and scaling. Enemies no longer scale to the player's level, allowing you to farm past realm 30 and beyond even with a suboptimal team. The introduction of gods gives the player more stuff to do and is overall a good move.The nether creatures take something of a back seat compared to the new breeding system, which is the main way for improving your party aside from levelling. It's also the way through which new monsters are introduced in the wild, which is neat.All that said, the game is still a little rough around the edges. Strange things occur when you clash together such a staggering amount of variables. Some of these strange things might be intentional (monsters casting spells while silenced via special abilities), others probably aren't (When spell gems should be shared with allies, they're sometimes also shared with the enemy?) and most of it can work in favor of both sides.Also, the palette swaps are probably unavoidable due to budget concerns I'm still gonna point them out. And the combat can get a little boring eventually, to the point where it eventually becomes the game's weakest feature. An auto resolve option might be problematic to implement, but might also help speed along the game's flow later on.Verdict: A highly complex game, recommended for anyone who's ever enjoyed a Pokemon or Final Fantasy game. I mean the early Final Fantasy installments ofcourse, not the movie-rpg hybrids that they're making now."
76561198152044818,Recommended,464620,24917513,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Darome,good game
76561198038834464,Recommended,464620,25776430,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,coltious,Awesomeness.
76561197999782420,Recommended,464620,29059507,Posted: 6 January,all,MordaRazgrom,"BLUF: I highly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys complex strategic choices, freedom of choice, and completionist heaven.The comtrols of this game are deceptively simple.  WASD, Enter, and Back.  On a my XBox controller, multiple buttons are auto-mapped for Enter and Back so I find it very nice that, no matter what my prefferred buttons are to use for ""main action"" and ""secondary action"" I have it already mapped and ready to go!  Like to use the A and B buttons?  How about the RT and LT?  It allows it!  Nice touch!This game is about strategic nuance and figuring out your preferred synergy.  You create yourself a mage, but you are. Ot a front-line troop, you are more like the CEO.  You select your creatures and then command them to do all the heavy lifting for you.  Every creature is unique, even though some appear to be a simple reskin.CLASSEvery creature belongs to either Life, Death, Sorcery, Nature, or Chaos.  Certain classes are more effective against others, but it does not mean that if you have a party of, say, Death creatures that you will automatically lose against a party of Life enemies.FAMILYCreatures also belong to a FAMILY, so you will find Griffons, Ghouls, Yetis, Priests, and many many more.  Each FAMILY has a bias towards certain stats, for example Banshees tend to have decent Intelligence, Defense, and Speed but their Attack is lacking.  Within the family you will find 5 to 6 variations which will each have a unique TRAIT and will have a slight variation to their stat bias, some may have a bit more defense, some may be faster, and so on.TRAITSThe REAL star of this game is the TRAIT system.  Every creature has its own unique trait and they are very varied.  Here are some just as a taste:Whenever this creature attacks, the enemy's stats get set to the lowest value.This creature gives a boost to Defense for every creature from its FAMILY in your party.Whenever this creature Provokes, your other creatures get an increase to their Attack and Speed.This creature gives Mend to all your other creatures.This creature allows all your other creatures to cast Major Healing for 0 Mana.With Six creatures, you can really have a lot of fun experimenting with different synergies.  I had a party where a creature had a chance to resurrect whenever it hit, another creature that had a chance to resurrect whenever it GOT hit, and another that, whenever a party member dird he got a percentage of their stats as a buff.  I kept the fight going for a very long time, constantly killing and resurrecting my creatures, pumping up my creature to ludicrous levels.  Once I did decide to finally attack he did millions of damage!Another fun thing is artifacts.  Your creatures can each equip one artifact.  Generally, artifacts just give stat bonuses, however you can also have artifacts with TRAITS on them, which means that in a group of 6 creatures you have a whopping 12 TRAITS to play around with!  The deliciousness of synergies and figuring things out and experimentation is mouth-watering!SPELLSYour mage, being the CEO, does not cast any spells himself, but has his creatures do it for him.  A Spell is cast by equipping a creature with a Spell Gem and the Spell Gems themselves are also quite varied.  Spell Gems will have different modifiers on them.  Some use health to cast instead of mana, some will cast on hit, when hit, when defending, when killing, when getting killed, at the start of battle, etc.  You can have two of the same Spell Gem with modifiers on it make the spells work completely differently!  This can lead to some confusion because I was at first thinking ""why are my creatures casting a spell???  I did not tell them to!""  And then I looked through and realized that they were casting their spells based on the modifiers.while there isn't a hugely robust tutorial, the game provides you with all the necessary information in the Library.  Take the time to read!  Mich confusion can be averted with a little patience and bookworming.Truly, there is a lot more to this game!  There are Gods with various favors they bestow upon you, mysterious [REDACTED] Creatures which allow for even MORE customization, Arena battles, customization of just about everything, and lots of Quality of Life things.  Don't like grinding for materials?  Send a party of creatures out to do it for you!  Looking for a specific creature that you have, but need more of?  Create charms that cause myltiples of that creature to appear so that you can get more!  Slow paced combat making grinding a grind?  Turbo Mode!  Boss battles too slow?  There is a punishment that allows Turbo Mode in boss battles!  Too easy?  Punish yourself...there is even a God of Punishment, he enjoys seeing you suffer!  Too hard?  Rethink strategy, grind some lower floors, breed your creatures to make them mich stronger than what their level implies.To say this game has its hooks in me is an understatement.  I love it, I will be spending mich time on it, and the wonder of discovery is still strong as I am learning new things each time I play!Criticisms:Nothing is perfect so I will list some of the things that do not serve to add to my enjoyment here:Retro-I am kind of sick of NES and SNES graphics, honestly.  Yes I remember growing up with Mario and such, but I am kind of over the charm of 8-bit graphics.  Also, the lack of animation in battles is not pleasing.Bugs-very few bugs, but I have had a situation twice now where I have grinded out a dungeon and then the evil ""program stopped working"" thing pops up and forces me to close game.  I did not lose a lot of progress and, honestly, some of it could be due to the fact that I am abusing Synergies to have my creatures with Millions in their stat points and casting a spell that casts three times cast itself....so maybe I just overtaxed the game engine.Grinding-even with the Quality of Life things, there is still a lot of grinding and repetition of tasks.Lack of Transparency-in a game so focused on strategic and tactical control, when it comes to actual fights, you cannot view your creature's stats.  So you are getting ""+1.2M Attack"" messages, but, in combat, you cannot inspect your creature to see how much attack they actually have.Story-there is bot much of a compelling plot, it is not really the focus of this game, so it is not so much a ""story"" as it is a ""nudge to jeep you moving forward.""To me, these are minor criticisms, not even detracting from my enjoyment enough to give me any pause in recommending this game and looking forward to when I can go, fire up my PC, and continue on my adventure!"
,Recommended,464620,23271236,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,random_rolle,"WONDERFUL!So much choices and options, customization and fun to be had! Game of the year!Even as early access the game is stable and any bugs that crop up are fixed very fast."
,Recommended,464620,23298219,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,hysteria4u,This game can get addicting quick. It has loads of content that will keep you busy for quite a long time. For the price I couldn't recommend this enough!
76561197991125876,Recommended,464620,23305403,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,xNeGima,"As a long time jrpg lover, this game is just what i am looking for. The only thing is missing as far as i played is big boss fights. Instay of fighting 6 different creatures, it would be awesome if i could fight one or two big bosses."
,Recommended,464620,23399166,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,stbrolaf,"The breeding mechanic is a wonderful addition--really, every change from S1 has been a huge improvement.  The development team has been very active and receptive during EA and their passion for the game is an inspiration."
,Recommended,464620,23348135,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,FriedChicken,this game is pretty awesome
,Recommended,464620,23349218,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Red Toxon,"If you're a fan of the old Dragon Quest Monster games--but you always wanted something MORE now that you're an adult--well this is the game for you, and this isn't even the first one.If you really loved the first one, well, you will love this one.My favoriate features:An ability to raise a team of monsters. and breed them to make a super monster.There is a god of time who is like a father figure. I call him Time Daddy.The castle isn't a chore to walk though (I felt it was oversized in Siralim 1).The monsters look amazing.You can play forever (I probably wont but I'll probably play for 6 months).JRPG turnbased battle system.There is a ghost that carries a fetus, it's gross but kind of cool. I wish I knew the lore behind that, but I'll just make up my own that it is an evil fetus.You are instantly a hero, and you jump right into the action, after you finish learning the basics--the rest of the game is up to you.Did I mention Time Daddy? He's my favoriate.Cons:??????????Not enough Time Daddy"
,Recommended,464620,23389863,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,bear,"This game is wonderful. After about fifty hours, I've only discovered a fifth of the monsters that exist in the game. The sheer amount of work that went into the monsters, spells, runes, gods, etc, etc, is so staggering, it gives the game this near infinite feeling of depth.It's like a modern version of Dragon Warriors Monsters, except way better.Also, they added breeding in this one - which I am addicted to, beyond doubt.I will mention that there are a significant number of release-bugs, but Thylacine has been extremely responsive about them and is doing their best to squash what they can and respond to the community's complaints (such as improving combat speed!) This is a company that deserves your money.I can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,464620,23522877,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Kotomm,"Did you enjoy Pokémon as a kid? You might find this game brings back very fond memories. Yes, there are some admitted flaws and crashes, but the consistent patching is truly excellent in finding and correcting them. If you are a patient gamer, with an interest in developing and testing teams/skills/gems ideas this game is for you."
76561197988483921,Recommended,464620,23593129,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,scrapo,addicting
,Recommended,464620,23800122,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Terrible Stu,"Successfully evokes Dragon Warrior nostalgia while possessing a great deal of mechanical depth, with a great variety of customization options that open up fairly quickly."
,Recommended,464620,27329027,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Count Of Monte Fisto,"Old School looks with near endless replayability.If you like collecting and breeding monsters, then trying out different combinations of monsters , spells and weapons ,  this is the game for you.Cant recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,464620,28336417,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,titaniumbuff,"I love Siralim 2. It is a combination of all of the good from the older monster collecting games with the new technologies that let us play on ANY device, ANYWHERE. It's amazing. The depth of the combinations and systems, the humour, the many monsters... The last time I spent so much time(mostly on my phone, BTW), was on Disgaea and Phantom Brave. So, if you liked either of those two games, you'll love this one. And, if you love games in general, give this one a try. You'll be happy you did.One note:Please add purchasable DLC. I would like to support the developer more on this title and see more updates, not that I've been nearly able to get to all that's in the game already. :)"
76561198000358710,Recommended,464620,30251681,Posted: 28 February,all,White Rabbit,"Liked Sirali,when it came out, got it for ps4. as said,the graphics come out with a 90's Final Fantasy Sprites style,if i have to pick something to that would be probably the most hard hit area, other wise, when you not doing you go random and the edd breeding system sounds cooltheres over 120 (might need a lower base of statistical range  Monsterslot of nthe elder monsters got nerfed,new monstars,gems now now used spell from the creature,and there are breeding iMy advice about fixing things.....well why do it if they aint brokeother then that, its been an awesome game"
,Recommended,464620,26602886,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Jachymor,"Simplicity in form, but vast complexity in functions. A monster hunter game for those who grew up with Dragon Quest and grow tired of the simple pokemon formular. The game shines with costumization and variation, but will not deliver a Bioware-level story.Good for: Min-Maxers, Strategists, Looters and LevelersBad for: Graphic ♥♥♥♥♥s"
76561198064387547,Recommended,464620,23562271,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Titus Gray,"Really solid monster-collector with randomized levels, very roguelike, but without most of the penalties of roguelikes, like permadeath and such.  I like the game a lot, and as such I have a few suggestions for the devs, from a longtime fan of RPG's and roguelikes.1) I spent a good chunk of my wet-feet character thinking that the back row was significant.  As far as I can tell, it isn't.  I understand you have to get all the sprites on the screen, but maybe scale back the size some to do a single row, or introduce a guard rating for the monsters in the back if nothing else.  Perhaps allow the PC this option to row their monsters as well.2) Overhaul the battle interface a little, maybe look at doing a list with HP and MP like FF or something, it's more pleasing to the eye than the bottom row of tiles.  Even if the monsters just flash when they attack and bump forward for a second, it's something I'd encourage you to consider.3) The map.  I am in love with exploring the different realms, they're fun to uncover, and the style of it really brings me back.  This part of it is nearly flawless, but the map needs some attention, I believe.  Maybe it's meant to be vague to encourage more thorough exploration, but it's nigh unreadable at times.  Maybe a color difference between discovered and undiscovered terrain is what's needed, at the least.4) Some sort of levelled list of creatures in your stable/in your party.  As it stands I have to check out the character sheet of each creature to determine levels, which evidently are a huge consideration in the game, since you want to construct parties for particular depths/levels.  I also feel like the artifact/equip mechanic needs some love too.  I don't want to have to check out each monster's artifact individually, nor do I want to do the same with spell gems.  It's still in EA so I understand that mechanics are refined further, just suggestions from a fast fan!All that having been said, I'm having a good time with the game.  Keep up the fantastic work!"
76561198052182378,Recommended,464620,24925790,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Riki Nendou,I have felt more satisfied in one hour of playing this than I have in 50 hours of other games.I love collecting filthy creatures :-)
76561198013994481,Recommended,464620,24922815,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Korektor,A game packed with an insane amount of content.Basically Pokemon on steroids with a seemingly team combinations and buffs. A bit similar to combo deck building in MTG.I Definitely recommend it.
,Recommended,464620,23623980,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,iNDEED,"Dragon Quest Monsters x Path of Exile. Suffers from the late game number spikes of games like PoE that demands hyperspeciailization so you can keep up with rapidly strengthening enemies, but the team building process has enough depth to keep you satisfied. One of the only good indie RPGs to exist on Steam"
76561198344687872,Recommended,464620,30859365,Posted: 31 March,all,Remedy Save Me,"Very good game. I was looking for a game I could sink some hours into, I think I've found it."
,Recommended,464620,30966101,Posted: 5 April,all,Fushiii,It doesn't end.Ever.
,Recommended,464620,31083353,Posted: 11 April,all,Peen 'n' Beans,Fun time
76561198241276764,Recommended,464620,25262380,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,1MajorGeek,"Absolutely one of the best rpgs i've played this year, if you're a fan of pokemon and earthbound I DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS GAME.WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!?!?BUY THIS GAME ALREADY!!!!!DID I MENTION THE KICK♥♥♥♥♥MUSIC?!?!?"
,Recommended,464620,27988454,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SHOW ME WHAT YOU GOT,"Pretty interesting, albiet simple, game.  A mix of a lot of different classic fantasy game tropes and mechanics.  If you are an in game ""collector"" this game is for you."
76561197968464843,Recommended,464620,24939903,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Etgfrog,"I enjoyed playing the previous game and I can say that the sequal realy is a sequal. Its looks like it was placed on a better game engine. There will be some game mechanics that doesn't make sense initialy but is that way for game ballance reason. The original game when it was released was plagued with hard counter creatures and creature combos that could not be stopped. While there are some strong combinations now, I haven't been able to figure out any infinite depth combos. This doesn't mean I wont try since the game rewards working hard(grinding) and/or working smarter(theorycrafting)."
,Recommended,464620,24985476,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Natulyre,"This game fixed everything that was wrong with the original Siralim (Enemy levels scaling to your party was the worst offender), polished everything that was done right and added a bunch of new mechanics to keep you busy.I'm impressed and addicted."
76561197983968797,Recommended,464620,24854195,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Castile,"A great long term rpg, you can invest lots of time in this game without running out of things to do and still discover new mechanics and abilities to build a party around. The developer is one of the most active I have seen and frequently engages with the community to provide updates and new content that is actually relevant to players."
76561197989056722,Recommended,464620,24940466,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Julzjuice,"Never wrote a review before but I have to say that this game brings back so many memories. There is so many things to do and upgrade. It's a mix between Pokemon and Final Fantasy.If you can get pass the retro style graphics, this game has PLENTY of depth and monsters to collect.Buy thi game."
76561198037462444,Recommended,464620,23237607,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Stonedeath,Buy this game if you want to say goodbye to you're free time.... it's worth it trust me.
76561198009907235,Recommended,464620,25052414,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Elvest,yes
,Recommended,464620,25532624,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Juicy,Final Fantasy: Mystery Dungeon
76561198004577398,Recommended,464620,23443786,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Phantom,"What can I say... Yes it has problems, yes it has some things I don't currently like...But.But... Post a bug, within 5 minutes to an hour the developer fixes it... 3 times on the ones I've posted.But... Post a complaint / request, the developer actually consideres it and often impliments them.But... I was going neutral response on this... he won me over...The games old school style rpg with tons of grind and tons of monsters / selection"
,Recommended,464620,23354845,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,theswagprodigy0,One of my favorite games I have ever played it is like a 6v6 pokemon where you get to breed to make different types of monsters to use to attack people
76561198046666118,Recommended,464620,34043026,Posted: 5 August,all,CATTY&Co.,"It's alright. A fair and honestly developed indie game. I normally concentrate on basic to-and-fro combat stats in RPGs, but this game proves combat based entirely on obscure/minor special abilities interacting with each other can work.I didn't find it all that much fun though personally - and I can't put my finger on what I'd change. There is much here that is underdeveloped or even lazy - the ancient JRPG game engine makes looting, breeding and creature management tedious. The casual, mini-roguelike dungeons are a good idea - but it's too basic IMO. In a true roguelike, like Moria or Angband, the randomly generated corridors are a) tactically important and affect how you tackle the enemies, and b) much more random. In Siralim 2 you get a sequence of JRPG fights one after the other - the layout of the corridors doesn't matter, there is no sneaking, cover, or terrain bonuses - the procedural corridors are a time sink. Making the dungeons small though was a good move, as it means you can play this in 10-minute bursts.The game world, music and atmosphere is completely lacking. 15 zones, each with a few lines of dialogue and a small selection of map tiles - they could have simplified them right down. The 5 creature classes are almost identical to Magic the Gathering (Life=White, Chaos=Red, Death=Black, Nature=Green, Sorcery=Blue), a bit lazy perhaps, and the game might be better without them.Other games have achieved more with the ancient JRPG format: through good graphic design and engaging writing. These things won't be of core interest to Siralim's players, but the lack of them, for me, highlighted problems with the ""bare bones"" mechanics of the combat. Two sets of six creatures face off - they have (probably) two special abilities each plus an assortment of spell gems that mostly auto-trigger. Fights can be really interesting when these abilities happen to connect up into long chains of effects all triggering each other. But the game doesn't actually show what hidden abilities the enemies have (which I suspected is due to the limitations of the engine more than a design choice) - so although the abilities are ingenious, and there are loads of them, and they are really well balanced, the actual experience of sitting playing this is like an early Final Fantasy game. Hold down the attack button, wake up if health is low or enemies' abilities seem to be linking up.The developer is active. They have managed to balance hundreds of special abilities better than many professional games, so it deserves a recommendation. It might appeal to fans of Dominions IV. Hopefully they can find a way to make it multiplayer - the drawbacks wouldn't matter then, and it would make use of the truly colossal range of possible builds."
76561198160660673,Recommended,464620,35000470,Posted: 16 September,all,Cid Raines,This game is fun but turns into a grind fest after a few hours. Only purchase if you don't mind grinding.
,Recommended,464620,34031525,Posted: 4 August,all,liosalpha,"Looks like a small simple game, but its prity deep and complex.Dev worth the 15$ !"
76561198005489951,Recommended,464620,23703079,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Reidan,gr8 game
,Recommended,464620,24977283,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,TOKI,"they should make this game online!! with added story,not just quests, like pokemon!"
,Recommended,464620,32878677,Posted: 27 June,all,Deadinside,good gameee
76561198165888349,Recommended,464620,31246881,Posted: 19 April,all,bassboyyy,Super fun.
76561197996796573,Recommended,464620,23353449,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Pandakiller,"GAME IS FUN. JUST LIKE DRAGON QUEST MONSTERS <3 get it though, seriously :) only played an hour for now but can already tell its good, ill update the review when im farther in the game <3"
76561198045064756,Recommended,464620,24897391,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Serthorn,Awesome game for part-base oriented players.  Classic and yet innovative.  9/10
,Recommended,464620,32759468,Posted: 25 June,all,chesse20,hey guys what up i bought this game for 6  bucks and then played it for four hours straight.game seems easy at first but eventually it gets to the point where all the enemies have 6 characters just like your team and got their equipment items to.Its Got:You Can Upgrade everything in this game (just like gemcraft 2 and disgea)lots of friendslots of baddiesSkeleton with a guntheirs boobs and even a couple of nipplescons:when you breed your pals together they leave forever because they dont want to take care of their kids  and also theres no sex animation. (please put sex in the third game)
76561197999904169,Recommended,464620,24997660,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Atum Hadu,"It's like Pokemon Go, except it won't lead you across an 8-lane highway. Also, the monsters are better.Seriously though, I've got some 120 hours in the original Siralim, and the sequel improves on the original in almost every way. If you're not familiar with Siralim, think old-school, 8-bit RPGs like Dragon Warrior and Final Fantasy combined with creature collection and a deep customization/stats system. There are more than 500 creatures to fight or to fight for you once you've obtained them.The creatures all have unique abilities and they all stack, so half the fun of assembling a squad of creatures is figuring out the best way they can amplify each other's abiltiies. You can forge weapons, enchant them, and upgrade them -- and you decide the bonuses they'll grant based on what works best for a particular creature.Compared to the first, this game has a better flow, it's more accessible, and there's an abundance of variety right from the get-go -- whereas in the first game you had to complete rituals to unlock new tiers of creatures, in Siralim 2 the creatures get more exotic and strange the further you go into what the game calls ""realm depths."" (Kind of like levels, but with some big differences.)The familiar creatures are all back, including favorites like the Fallen Carnage, Unicorn Vivifier and Servant Hunter. The new creatures and creature classes look awesome, and add lots of interesting possibilities for building your team.There are new realm types, a new pantheon of deities, new types of quests, new upgrades to your castle, a rehauled nether creature system, and even greater customization through runes, gems and the character/creatures/perks point system.And if you're new to Siralim, you'll feel right at home with the way the game presents itself and operates -- everything feels intuitive, as if Siralim is an RPG gem from the NES era. If you played those early Dragon Warrior and Final Fantasy games you'll pick it up in no time.Basically, Siralim 2 is the best of the NES and SNES-era classic RPGs with the depth we expect from modern RPGs. It's a nostalgic RPG for adults.A few caveats:- The game seemed very easy in the early going, and I'm not sure if that's because I played the original and already knew how to start customizing and enhancing right away, or if the difficulty curve was softened. What I can say is that the game got appreciably more difficult by the 15/16/17+ realm depth.- As a kid, I could listen to those repetitive 8-bit chip soundtracks for hours-long marathon sessions. As an adult, I have my limits. Even though Siralim 2 has a much wider variety of music, and different tracks for each realm type, the game thankfully allows you to turn the music off while retaining sound effects. Personally, I enjoy listening to podcasts while playing Siralim.- Especially in the early game, sometimes it's very difficult to whittle creatures' HP down to extract their cores without killing them. If you run into that problem, unequip your artifacts so you can damage early creatures without killing them outright.- Buddy the Cat should have his own throne! Siralim's dev has a cat named Buddy, and so do I, so I'm partial to little Buddies. Join the campaign to #CrownBuddy!!"
76561198081719019,Recommended,464620,26475787,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,zigredataur✯,Good gameHave fun
76561198041701953,Recommended,464620,24784200,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Traveling Morgue,Now I understand why you play this game with only the left hand.
76561198005429453,Recommended,464620,24964616,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Badrukk,I cant stop playing
76561197999571966,Recommended,464620,27340422,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBDqVIzyfQwThis game is very fun, and I can see myself losing alot of time playing it."
76561198080614433,Recommended,464620,24895631,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Neosuduno,"In short, a fair improvement over the origional.With detail? Siralim 2 adds a variety of new features and mechanics to really change your gaming experience. There are far fewer buffs and debuffs, but that is in the games favor, as it is no longer a jumbled mess. Monsters now use magic instead of the player, and you no longer have to worry enemy mages with overpowered spells.My particular favourite change is the introduction of this games gods. They provide most of the means to acquire perks and bonuses, as well as provide little things like seeing in the dark better and moving in the games hub twice as fast.There are still annoying things, but minor ones."
,Recommended,464620,24953819,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,SgtScrubs,This is the best game I never knew I needed9.5/10.
,Not Recommended,464620,33280652,Posted: 5 July,all,dbvel,"Grind/clear entire procedurally generated dungeons just by walking around pressing E. That is, during four hours of game I got almost nothing beyond grinding by walking around roboticly pressing E to attack, skip animation and get to next dialogue/combat."
76561197999942971,Recommended,464620,24952423,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Toodles,"Hi, my name is Siralim 2, and this is my dungeon crawler. I grind here with my old butler and my steward, Big Daemon. I've been doing this for 25 hours the past 4 days and one thing I've learned - you never know WHAT randoms spawns are gonna ream you.10/10 would not be able to kill a high level Dusk Crusader again.No but really, I returned NMS and got this. Much MUCH better."
,Recommended,464620,26049524,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Moon,"Pretty good but not worth 15€, I'll pick it up again when it's on a sale. Great game if you like endless grinding to kill some time! Graphics are awful but not a hinderance to the gameplay in the least."
,Recommended,464620,30379564,Posted: 7 March,all,John Salad,sexy
,Recommended,464620,25266653,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jerti,Good game!
,Recommended,464620,25761108,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,the GOD OF ANGER is my husbando
,Recommended,464620,24963574,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Atreidi,Yes.
76561198220783224,Not Recommended,464620,25045469,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Charlinath,"This game is disorganized, unbalanced, and poorly thought out. It's overly dependent on random chance and not enough on strategy. I don't hate it, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it either."
,Not Recommended,464620,24935387,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Swordz,"If you will define ""a game"" as something, that ""sets you fun challenges to overcome"" than this is not a game.While it has a fun concept of collecting monsters, breeding them to get even stronger monsters and using them to fight and progress further to breed even stronger monsters and to equip them with better gear (and it quite soundly delivers the part of collecting and breeding), there is just NO CHALLENGE to farm for. I explored 5 dungeon floors, defeated two bosses and breezed through numerous encounters without being close to defeat even once, as most of the opposition gets 1-hit-KO'd, and when it doesn't and actually land a few hits on the party, it doesn't matter, as your monsters get fully healed after each battle. Now the things might get different if i would've progressed further down the dungeon, but i am already terminally bored with the lack of any challenge whatsoever and will be a first time i ever am seeking for a refund. It's a shame, since the game has nice aesthetics, with great pixel graphics and catchy music, but any lack of challenge just kills its visual greatness.4/10"
76561198043518746,Not Recommended,464620,24963971,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,OpenSheep,"This is not a game. This a job you work at to be able to play snippets of a game. You need to grind to unlock breeding, you need to grind to unlock basic features of the game, need to grind for everything. I can handle some grinding but when I have to spend almost two hours to grind to breed a monster is when It goes too far.I like pokemon, and theory crafting so I thought I would enjoy this game. I was told there would be some grind, but I said to myself "" most games have some grind invovled, I can handle it"" but I could'nt. I already work during the day, when I come home in the evening spending more time working to unlock content is the last thing I want to do. I won't spend the fifty hours it takes to grind for all the features, breed a few monsters, and beat the storyline.Sadly the game looks fun and interesting beneth all that grind. It seems to me from what I have seen that most of the monsters are not useless, there are a few which are purely fodder, but most have powerful abilities if used correctly. The aspect of breeding two different monsters to get a third brand new monster is cool as well. The planning invovled with defeating bosses is something I enjoy, the theory crafting of different abilities is something I really enjoyed in card games and pokemon myself. The deveoper seems to think that the insane grind is healthy for the game, which I disagree. I respect myself and my time too much to spend hours to be drip fed content. I don't enjoy being a chinese gold farmer.If you have don't better things to do than grind, or if you enjoy the theory crafting enough to waste massive portions of your time, or don't work and can spend ten hours a day grinding, then this game is for you.I think the real problem is how the early game is such a slog, you get no tools and just have to slowly grind your way to unlocking the actual game. I thought I would be able to play through the storyline and experience a portion of what the game has to offer without reptitively killing the same mobs over and over and over, but I was wrong."
,Not Recommended,464620,32701395,Posted: 23 June,all,jayxan,"Game had random popups that immediately closed, then shortly later fatal error and crash, lost my game data."
76561198276850477,Recommended,464620,24872913,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,YuQing CSGOGEM.COM,I love the concept of this game they same like maple storyhttps://youtu.be/5jyW2hYGtowi♥♥♥♥♥♥♥stuck at here pls help me :)
,Not Recommended,464620,25065444,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Invisible Ink,"Smushed together mystery dungeon and monster collecting themes, what is there is solid but appears to be missing most of the features from mystery dungeon games that make them bearable (e.g. dash) as well as parts of grindy monster collecting games that make them bearable (e.g. auto battle)Can not recommend at this time. feels like it should still be in early access while the features are getting fleshed out.The developer did decide to respond to the review :""I'm not sure what made you decide to compare it to mystery dungeon""The fact that it spawns random dungeons and the overhead view is exactly the same as Torneko no Daibōken: Fushigi no Dungeon, Mystery Dungeon: Shiren the Wanderer, and pokemon mystery dungeon.  If that perspective wasn't part of the design intention then I'd urge you to go play those games for a bit and contrast and compare.""There's no auto-battling because hey...it's a game. Why bother if it's going to play itself?"" clicker heroes is #4 most popular free to play game on steam, feel free to ask their players.""However, there is a speed increase that you'll unlock very early on."" I've played 8 hours and haven't found it yet, so that may depend on your definition of ""early"", but from what I've come to understand its attached to the gods that randomly spawn in the random dungeons but even that may just be misinformation from the internet.""This makes me very confused - you're seemingly able to judge that the game should still be in early access when you haven't even played long enough to get that far.""8 hours is a long enough time to write an informed review.  It might even be a longer time than is needed to write an informed review.  If you feel that I'm misinformed after playing your game for 8 hours than that reflects poorly on the game's ability to deliver a consistent experience in that time.  And because of its lack of ability to deliver that consistent experience for the first few hours, that is why I'm saying it should still be in early access.  Without that consistency it doesn't feel done.""Overall, a very misinformed review."" and what peice of information do you feel I'm missing here?The developer responded with this : ""You had only played for 5 hours at the time I responded. I noticed you didn't gain any other achievements since then, so you left the game on for 3 more hours for no reason other than to enhance your argument.""Thats crap, assembled a new party and started from floor 1 to grind the wifi looking currency and some rituals.""Tons of games have a topdown view with randomly generated dungeons. Thousands, even. Mystery Dungeon did not pioneer this concept.""But they made it work better than this, and you're running through a list of logical fallacies instead of examining what I'm referring to."" I don't know why you keep mentioning random games that have zero relevance""  Your game does not exist in a vaccum.  I can't recommend it currently based on what I've talked about so far."
76561197963949028,Not Recommended,464620,23564912,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,levgree,"Siralim is a competent game but doesn't do anything special for classic/retro RPGs.You start off picking one of 5 focuses, like nature or chaos.  I picked nature which so far seems to mean I have a cyclops who hits hard and regenerates a decent amount of  HP every turn.  I also pick up a weaker combat pet that casts a random spell each time it attacks or is attacked.  I'm not sure if everyone gets that pet.  That would maybe be more interesting if I hadn't played Hearthstone which has lots of random spell effects.The pets have relatively few traits and I can give any spells and equipment to any of them, so not much separates them.I explore randomly generated 'dungeons' which have settings of desert, jungle, and so on.  The setting makes no gameplay difference.  You go around this basic map collecting loot and fighting monsters.  There's some 'mini-quests' which so far are just fetch quests (pick wood up off the map, bring it to a trader's hut for loot, click on mini-totems for angry totem dude).Combat is a simple affair.  I can get by just attacking each round and it'll be over after 2-5 rounds.  I have spells I could use that buff/debuff for 5-10 turns, I'm not sure how long until using any of these will be worth it when combat ends so quick.  Lots of the spells require 20-50% of your pet's health to cast which makes them even more inefficient, since each pet does have a mana pool they could use instead.  I assume some could become worthwhile later in the game.  For now I only actively use 1 of my 6 spells (debuffs the targets defense), and one automatically gives an attack buff sometimes when my pet is hit.I completely explore the first 2 dungeons and at the third dungeon I fight a mini-boss that absolutely devastates my 2 pet party.  I guess this means I'm supposed to repeat the level 2 dungeon to gain levels for awhile.The game says you need strategy and care to beat these bosses, I imagine this means picking a few spells and equipment that might be a bit better suited for those enemies (although I have not encountered specialized spells/equip yet).  Or you could probably just have a standard gear set up, and use grinding as a solution for most of your woes.There is a crafting system for components like in Diablo or Grim Dawn, combine basic elements to get something with a beneficial effect.  You also get 'recipes' for evolving your pets, whenever you end up getting those multiple pets to combine into one.Overall my game time is spent grinding combat and I assume like Diablo and other dungeon crawlers, I'll occasionally consolidate my loot to enhance my powers somewhat.Overall this is not enough for me.  For a completely pet centric game, I would've lliked to see something more interesting than a 6 party dungeon crawler.  I think of the opening sequence of FF6, which had you using over a dozen moogles to defend a location, or Ogre Battle which does it on a much grander scale, with many parties of 3-6 underlings.Also i thought I read that this was a rogue-like, when I die my pets just get sent back to base so not sure where rogue-like comes in.Overall this is an okay game.  It might scratch an itch you have, and depending on what RPGs you've played in the past the experience could be novel and interesting to you.  For someone like myself, who for better or worse has played well over a hundreds of games in the RPG genre over my life, it is not worth 15$ to me for sure, maybe 2-5$.  I've played more ambitious RPGs for free that someone made in RPG maker.Try it for yourself, and/or support a dev that is making a solid effort.  Here I am just providing a critical review by a veteran and somewhat harddcore rogue-like/rpg gamer."
,Not Recommended,464620,33054152,Posted: 30 June,all,uVeins,"I have no idea why I spent 11 hours on this game, it's pretty horrible."
,Recommended,464620,25217798,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Talon,"Fantastic, easy to play RPG with a depth of content to rival Disgaea, very deep emergent strategy and no level caps. Extremely addictive, and what's worse it has an Android port and you can transfer save files via the cloud."
76561198043987666,Recommended,464620,25212463,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,pineapplesauce,Amazing monster hunting turn based rpg game with tons to do and an obscene amount of perks and upgrades and evolutions to unlock. This game plays homage to the great rpgs of the past like Final Fantasy and Earthbound in it's gameplay and dialogue. The content is way greater than it's very low price. It is also available on Android and Ios at a discount and the controls are pretty great there as well even without a keyboard. Siralim 2 is small in size yet a mile wide and ten thousand feet deep virtually.
,Recommended,464620,25205943,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Piggs Boson,"Dont get me wrong, nothing im about to say about this game is a bad thing.  I had a nostalgia boner and came everywhere.  This is dragonwarrior monsters.  If you loved that game as much as i did, you will love this game.  'Nuff said."
76561198158513884,Recommended,464620,25208033,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,MulletOnFire,"I originally bought this game over a month ago and returned it because of lack of mouse support. These old fingers just can't keep clicking keyboard keys all day!But due to positive reviews and active developers I kept it on follow. Then I read that folks were using their gamepads so I whipped out the XBox controller and re-purchased. This made the game much more playable and fun for me.I would still like to lobby Thylacine for mouse support, it would really put this game over-the-top."
,Recommended,464620,25166055,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Sven++,"A very fun game, and interesting mix between procedurally generated Dungeon Crawlers, Pokemon and RPG's.Build up your own base, gather materials, and gather a really huge amount of monsters that each have their own breeding combinations, From the current combinations I have I can see there's atleast 1000+ different monsters in the game.That said, the game is basically a grindfest. The different dungeons each have their own little differences in enemies, materials and sidequests, but nothing hugely varying, so every time you go out you' still be doing the same thing over and over. I'm still having fun with it though, I'm not really playing hours on end, but I usually play a couple of floors, lasting between 20 - 40 minutes, and continue another time. But again, even though it's grindy, still really fun to play, I love these kinds of RPG's.The only negative point is the UI and the way you get information. The UI is really oldschool, and in most cases still functions well, but in battles it can be really annoying because you can get a status effect in battles, but you have no way to even know what it does. ""Your minion just got Blight!"" ""Sounds bad, what does it actually do? You can only find that info in the library outside of battle... :V"".It's a bit of a pain to navigate through a lot of menus to actually get the info you want.That said, fantastic game, definitely a recommendation!"
,Recommended,464620,25166428,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Adam,"A fantastic RPG with tons of content backed in. There's a grind element, but for gamers who find that sort of thing appealing it's delivered excellently.Constant updates, fantastic feedback by dev."
76561198148229236,Recommended,464620,25043326,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,SilverBlitz,good game if you like pokemon and games with randomly generated levels
76561198087862572,Recommended,464620,24945772,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,soconn,Dragon Warrior Monsters x1000
,Recommended,464620,24916091,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Gogfot,Really fun game definetly worth getting even at full price. Developers are really active as well which is really nice. Also you don't need to have played the first one to play this one.
76561198043980986,Recommended,464620,24983789,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Medic Prime,"If you like collecting and breeding monsters, buy this game.  If you like turnbased fighting, buy this game.  If you like dungeoncrawly grinding, collecting pixel loot, and min-maxing your creatures into little godlets, buy this game.  And if you like randomly generated loot that could be super, game-breakingly awesome, and the occasional randomly generated mob monster that could literally be impossible for you to kill, buy this game.Also, Siralim 2 is a nice upgrade from Siralim (1).  Upgrade to 2 if you liked 1, but I definitely wouldn't suggest buying Siralim 1 in addition to 2, as they are very similar games, with Siralim 2 having more content and some of 1's rough edges sanded off.  In Siralim 1, what eventually drove me away was the repetition in the dungeon worlds and the odd sameness of the monsters, because they only had like one unique characteristic and limited customization.  Siralim 2 has improved by giving you more realms, more things to do in the realms, and making your creatures, rather than you, cast the spells.  So, your team does a lot more different things, and there's more opportunities for them to be uniquely awesome.  Meanwhile, there's lots of things to collect, upgrade, improve, and loot.Basically, if you saw the trailer and got little hearts in your retrogamer eyes, buy this game."
,Recommended,464620,24990977,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Fidel Cashflow,"Awesome game. Like a blend of old school turn based JRPG and Pokemon monster collection. This is the type of game you can sink a ton of time into, 15 hours currently as of writing this review and I still feel like I'm progressing a great pace.Great game to play with a controller since the control scheme is wasd for move and Q+E for navigating all the menus in the game. So playing on a controller feels similar to play a gameboy game."
,Recommended,464620,24977759,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Chon9,"Worth more than the price and it actually stop me from playing no man's sky and pokemon go and start collecting creatures in Siralim 2. Don't judge this game by it graphic, it is a fun game with tons of creature to capture (think of the old school pokemon game), tons of magic to learn, and unlimited random generated dungeon to explore and some epic boss fight that required you to try with different combo of monsters that you captured."
76561198027660445,Recommended,464620,25644997,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,orionfield,"If you are a player who loves to assemble broken combo's this is a fantastic game for you. When you make your team of six creatures you get a total of twelve traits to choose from. Combined with six to eight spells on each creature you have a huge range of options.A mono black style team that sacrices its creatures, a tribal team that relies on the sum of its parts or a spell based team with an answer for every situation all of these and more are viable options.Making a team that can clear the nether realm versions of the bosses as well as the diverse range of special scenarios contained in sigils is a real challange. Defeating the first version of the final boss is barely scratching the surface of what you can do in this game.If you like Pokemon, Final Fantasy or Dungeon Crawl play this game."
,Recommended,464620,24922598,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Mr. PoopyButthole,"This game is dope. Dragon Warrior Monsters was awesome, this too is awesome. 10/10."
,Recommended,464620,26180396,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Thrasos,"Best grindfest ever.And I mean that in a very good way, Siralim 2 is a great improvement on the previous entry,and even though the core is the same grind-improve-progress loop, its random elements andits pacing keeps it interesting.It is bound to keep you playing for many hours !If there ever is a Siralim 3, I am gonna buy it.Cheers !"
,Recommended,464620,26222659,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Zeal,"It's like Dragon Quest Monsters but with not so cute monsters and so many ""overpowered"" team composition."
,Recommended,464620,28142994,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,darksiren,"Siralim is something like Pokemon + Roguelike but with much deeper customization options. The expansion will even let you customize spell gems (trust me this is as good thing). The dev is in contact with his player base constantly and game balance is tweaked over time based on player observations. Expect to lose tons of hours to this game if you love the idea of endless combinations of monsters, spells and equipment to test against endless levels of enemies. There's a story, but it's very light--there's plenty of RPGs out there for that."
,Recommended,464620,28296232,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Treza,"The developers love this game and it clearly shows.  I would easily suggest this to anyone who seems interested.  If you like pokemon meets diablo then just buy this game.Pros:Crazy amount of LEGIT depth.  If you want to make the best team possible prepare to do a lot of research.Very relaxingBreeding and such variety in creatures/spells/artifacts that it takes a very long time to get stale.Always another step you can take to improve your creatures.The game will go as far as your willing to take it.I played before the update and felt like the game was massive enough as is, but they just added another layer to your creatures.I also enjoy the pixel art.Cons:Battles do get grindy after a bit and there is no fast forward function (I got autoclicker and have it press E repeatedly in battle)You're E button will break after awhile.So much depth you might not reach it all.Story is lacking, the focus is much more on variety and gameplay.It is a game based on grinding.Like I said, if you found this game and it looks interested at all to you, buy it you won't regret it."
76561197975966011,Recommended,464620,28300246,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Rorschach,If you loved Dragon Quest MOnster get this game! :)
76561197986720531,Recommended,464620,27923515,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Doom Monkey,"This is a game I really enjoyed, I feel like the control system could be better but the mechanics are amazing. I enjoy games like this but once I've unlocked everything I get bored quickly. That wasn't a problem with this one as there are so many different kinds of things to unlock that I played over 200 hours no problem, well worth the price."
76561197995247057,Recommended,464620,27055798,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lowe_Margas,"This is truly a fantastic RPG in the vein of classic monster collecting games of yore. In the vein of Dragon Warrior Monsters (if you liked that game, you will love this game), you go out into a randomly generated realm filled with goodies and monsters. You collect the goodies and you battle the monsters. Occassionally, you will collect a monster's soul to add to your collection, always working towards the perfection of the best team with the best weapons. It is a game for those that want the Dragon Warrior Monsters experience with a fresh coat of modernization and repeatable until you have had your fill."
,Recommended,464620,26891415,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Quezacotl,"Siralim is an amazing mix between Pokemon, DQ Monsters and procedurally generated RPGs/roguelikes - compelling strategy, infinite content, and genuine excitement to see what new monsters and abilities turn up next."
76561198043241627,Recommended,464620,26876822,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nibelsnarf,"Near infinite possibilities, as hard as you want it to be."
76561198068039322,Recommended,464620,26773617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Great Cornholio,A great game that almost never gets old
,Recommended,464620,26821702,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,whitewolfecat,"This is a game I really enjoy. There is a lot of depth to this game as you play and unlock more recipes, people in the castle, upgraded equipment, get the cook to craft food that can be benificial in the dungeons. The object is to go into the dungeon and capture creatures to then use in fights or to breed to create new types. You can keep going as long as you like because you will keep leveling up.Another thing I like is that you can get this on your phone and then use cross saves to keep playing when not at home."
,Recommended,464620,30050290,Posted: 19 February,all,Cassan the Rabble-Rouser,"This game is GREAT. Huge influence was drawn from Dragon Warrior Monsters, but that's quite alright. It has effectively, with love, improved upon that title. Looking forward to seeing more like this from this developer."
,Recommended,464620,29250883,Posted: 14 January,all,darksteelhyren,"Quite enjoyable.  Quite replayable, I'm still finding new things 69 hours in."
,Recommended,464620,29814763,Posted: 9 February,all,ProtoCon,If you like pokemon but allways got bored of playing them and never semmed to be able to drag yourself through ant of them then you will love this game. it has everything pokemon did right and nothing it did wrong. it combat is more streemlined and since all of your creatures fight at one time you can create really cool unique strategies and the breeding in siralim is so good especialy compared to pokemon. when ever you breed two creatures its allways so exciting. My favorite thing though is that  because of the way this game handles combat it alows for a lot more variation between the creatures.
76561198259300602,Recommended,464620,31302220,Posted: 22 April,all,Scythe,This is a fantastic RPG/Dungeon Crawler game and I would highly recommend anyone on the fence about buying this game to not hesitate and give it a try!
76561198086138452,Recommended,464620,31552529,Posted: 4 May,all,BovotheBovine,Great game. A good mash of Siralim 1 and Dragon Warrior Monster elements.
76561197988953776,Recommended,464620,31405157,Posted: 27 April,all,chareth cute[s]tory,"There really isn't much to say that other reviews haven't, I'd just be trying to reword the obvious. This is a great game, and the comparisons mentioned are true, and it's a lot of fun, and I imagine older crowds will enjoy this a lot more due to its scope. Nostalgia factor is huge but it isn't for lack of quality and content. It's all there and it's addicting."
76561197982932468,Recommended,464620,31624402,Posted: 8 May,all,Zginc,"What a brilliant games this is. While it can get grindy at times (especially if you hit a brick wall), there are still other mechanics that make the grinding worthwhile.PROS:-Building your team is fun (multiple combinations)-Boss battles feel like boss battles with unique mechanics-Varied tileset and side quests to do in each zone-Great soundtrack-Good pace of story progression and learning mechanics.-Great depth for ""min-maxers""-Library menu means no need to constantly Alt-tab or use Steam overlay for wikiCONS:-Finger hurts from spamming E button on keyboard (you can hold it to skip animations instead of pressing)-Can get chaotic with so many effects going off in battles (especially when attempting to figure out how your team died)Overall this is a fantastic game that has ton of depth past the story progression. Expect 100+ hours into this if you want to get your team as strong as possible."
,Recommended,464620,24816903,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,K dawgg,"Siralim 2 - Spiritual Successor to DWM~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Personal customization levels are off-the-charts. lots of freedom of choice. you can plow through the main story or grind away on all the plethora of side activity. pretty deep breeding mechanics. basic castle customization. extremely light DLC in the form of a few monster cosmetic changes.Not enough explanations at the beginning, basic information can be buried under too many menus. can be unforgiving for new players or a breeze for people well versed in this genre of video gameOverall excellent game, would recommend!"
,Recommended,464620,33493729,Posted: 12 July,all,Barik Morloc,"This game has grown on me. My first play through with the game (around 50 hours) and I didn't think the game was that good. I decided to give the game another go with a Sorcerer this time and I felt the game is much more enjoyable. The sorcerer plays more like a Pokemon Trainer in that you specialize in magic and have a wide variety of attacks instead of just attacking. Although I think there are alot of improvements this game could work on, most importantly it is missing ""mutliplayer battle-mode"" which would make this game worth the isane amount of hours you put into it. However despite it's many flaws, I would reccomend this game to people who enjoy Monster Breeding/Trainer games. There is so much potential for this game to be better but until then I'm happy I have a PC game reminisnent of DQ Monster games I grew up with."
,Recommended,464620,35407040,Posted: 1 October,all,Crake,Boiled down to the basics; this game just gets it right.
,Recommended,464620,35498753,Posted: 5 October,all,Venomous Fate,"Siralim 2 is a ""monster raising"" RPG ala pokemon and such but with a deeper amount of content. there is such a great deal of things to do to make your monsters the best. One of the key things I enjoyed was that your monsters are one team all used at once in a turned based format, and that the team compositions can have unique interactions. The amout of content is somewhat staggering there is alot of time to put in to this game, plus it does't really have an ""end"" as you can continue delving deeper into the dungeon. It is pixel graphics which isn't my thing and is usually hard for me to get past but not with this game. The only other thing is that it can start to feel a little bit grindy after  a while.  I really recomend this game to anyone who enjoys turnbased rpgs or monster training games, it has a lot to keep you entertained"
