user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198006391828,Recommended,464830,31277121,Posted: 21 April,all,jmacjmac006,"*Note* This is going to be somehwhat of a Rant because I'm ticked off at the other reviewers who haven't done justice to the community by brutalizing the game for short sighted emotional reasons instead of judging the game on its actual merit.SO this is my opinion on what happened....You have a Huge number of Mount and Blade warband fans, battle brothers fans and expeditions conquistador fans who bought the game not based on what it is and appreciating the aspects of the actual game. Instead they are beating it up for not being like the above mentioned titles. I know this because I too am a huge fan with lots of hours on the above titles so I understand what they are saying, yet thats total bogus because thats not what THIS title is about and its killing the game for a lot of people who might enjoy this game for what it actually is.-Honestly the bad reviews kept me away despite having seen this game and followed it for a little bit while it was in early access. I saw a lot of reviews bashing the game for what it isn't and I saw one guy write a friggen book about what it is and I still didn't really understand what the hell anyone was talking about. SO I bought the game myself and tried it out and this is my attempt to cut through the drama and anger and garbage and tell you the real deal.#1 Most of the negative reviews are based on people being angry about not being able to do this or that....The game is story driven and that's okay. Nothing wrong with that....The tragedy is people see so much potential and want so much more that instead of saying that, they focus on what isn't in the game like its a flaw instead of appreciating what is actually there......To say the game is broken because it's not an open world is rediculous. Is banner saga an open world? Is The oregon trail an open world? NO.....SO first thing first.....Its okay to enjoy a story and want more...So in concluion its a story based title Like banner saga. Judge it on what it is.#2 The world is rich and looks good for a hand drawn game. You start out choosing who you are going to be taking over the tribe. While I personally would of liked more character options again lets be fair, in Banner Saga for example you get two choices. You get two choices here as well and then it goes into a combat tutorial. The combat system is very simple to learn yet has enough for the tactical combat to be rewarding. I'm not sure why they raised the difficulty of enemies recently and I hope they take a look at that again, its not needed.#3 After this you go into the city tutorial screen, this gives you an overview of the choices you make for winter planning and what your little villiage will yield based on your choices of where to allocate your people for what task. This is actually a deeper system then banner saga and is more rewarding since you are building a settlement instead of just fleeing all the time like in Banner saga.#4 This is where everyone has issues, the main map where you decide where to go....You have to follow the storyline and go where the game tells you. Here is the real ♥♥♥♥♥ though and think about this....SO WHAT....Its a story driven game....Just like any game with a storyline, you have to go to the next place to advance the story. I Did't buy this game for a week because ♥♥♥♥ing cry baby reviewers were unfairly saying its a bad game because of that. Could it be better if you could, yes, is it bad because you can't? No, it just is what it is.......So follow the story that is actually well crafted and go to the next place and enjoy what the game actually offers instead of getting bent the community a bunch of BS about it being bad.In conclusion....If you like story driven titles with some light city management, tactial turned based battles and a great setting with a lot of random events during sailing (that you need to respond quickly to in real time) then give this a shot. If you liked games like Banner Saga 1 and 2. Any choose your own adventure or gamebook or games like the oregon trail then give this a shot. Yes The potential of the game and the devs is really amazing but lets not get confused with what could happen down the road with what content. I Played to year 3 in the game and experienced no bugs. Every computer is different so I won't go more into that, I can just tell you, I didn't have any issues.I hope this is fair and balanced and I hope it gives you an actual idea what the game is about and what it actually offers, don't let these cry baby reviewers destroy a title for not being a big mac."
,Recommended,464830,32629724,Posted: 21 June,all,The Epitaph,"TGWR is a great game for the right people.It's not an open-world and it isn't really that much of a freeform RPG.Instead it's a story. A story in which you might be able to make choices that change some of the outcome, but the general way the plot goes stays the same.For now, there is only one arc of the in total three promissed storys available, but, the one that is there, is very much satisfying and interesting enough.The gameplay itself is a mix of choose-your-own-adventure style textwindows, in which you decide how to act in the storysetting and a rather simple but rewarding economy-simulation. You're the theign of a small village and you allocate your villages population to certain tasks.-Here I have to admit that, while the mechanics in themselves are rather simple, they UI isn't really makeing a good job at explaining their interconections. For example, the Tradition-bonus is indeed stacking and makes a whole lot of sense to pick up and max out, as it increases the yields of every task, but the tooltip at the screen when you actually alloacte the population only shows the percentage by which the overall bonus will ""increase"" this year.Or the fact that you can't check mid-voyage what resources you need to upgrade the parts of your village you want to upgrade. And while the map is a nice feature, I feel it's not very well explained and highlighted that you can check the goods sold in the villages along your current journey-path.-Then there is the obligatory combat, realized by a two action movement/attack-action turn- and tilebased system. It's serviceable. While sometimes challangeing, espescially early, you gather up skills quickly and find yourself quite often useing the same tactics over and over again. I'll be honest, I think they would've had a more rounded game if they focused more on the trade/economy aspect and ditched the combat all together. Maybe made it into a ""preparation-phase"" and cardbased ""choose-your-tactic"" minigame.As it is now, it's oftentimes a way too worthwhile option while at the same time being a slog, due to the limited unit-variety mixed with the shallow way to ""interact"" with the enemy. CC, for example, is in my honest opinion allmost useless, when you can simply outdps allmost every enemy-composition, while the somewhat limited AI (codeing a competent AI is pretty much one of the hardest jobs, without resorteing to flat out cheating) is easily tricked into takeing unfortunate positions.What do I mean by that? Well, for example, there is the random event of you sailing past a ship which lies heavy in the water with no guards to be seen. The outcomes if you take the opportunity to loot are at best free very worthwhile loot, worthwhile loot after a easy fight (bonus warrior-XP) or just a fight. Unless you're fully loaded, there is no sittuation in which you shouldn't simply go and take their stuff.There is also a barebones ""loyalty""-system in place, which decides on which turn you can put your units into the fight, but it's mostly rendered pointless, since1. the enemy allmost never start directly upon you, so you got plenty of time to wait and even kite them aroundand2. you allmost allways have 1 or 2 other units ready with a imidiate summon._____________________________________Well, the game in itself is however still very satisfying to play. It catches you in a somewhat cliche but still very enjoyable plot and while some things are not as well rounded or fleshed out as I personally would like them to be, they never pull you out of the experience.I personally, had no real bugs or crashes to speak off, despite maybe the fact that I sometimes couldn't choose an item to drop from my longboat to accomodate a lootitem I got during a landside-event.If you like storyfocused games that have more gameplay than just ""hold W and point your mouse at things"", go for it. It's basically a different no-fantasy take on ""Banner Saga"" set in our history.If you expect a openworld RPG where you go about being a fantasy raider-godking, you might want to look into other games, like Expedition: Vikingsallthough that one IS BUGGY.Definitly interested in the other storylines."
76561198148722793,Not Recommended,464830,30847529,Posted: 30 March,all,fg,"The game has great potential... but it will never fulfill them.Full of bugs: Screen goes black only UI remainsAI goes into a dead loop during its turnThe campaign is totally linear, can only sail to where the storyline want you to go next.This game should still be in early access and the fact that it has been release doesn't give me hope that it will ever achieve anything except milking us."
,Not Recommended,464830,24825549,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,ᛟ Wōtan z💤 ᛟ,"This is a review of an early access game and therefore subject to change. The game is not completed and it shows.TL:DR:game has great potential, so if you are looking tosupportthis game then you should buy it in early access. However if you are looking for a finished game or a game that has playable content, don't buy it! Just puti it in your wishlist and see if you still want it when it's done.Let me start by saying that The Great Whale Road has a lot of potential to be a good game. The art is nice, and the references to historically accurate (!!! that's incredibly rare!) naming for characters, depiction of every day life through the winter-events and above all, the relatively accurate art (I mean, it's still a game, so of course it's not realistic in all senses).What's less accurate is the depiction of Viking shieldmaidens. However for the sake of the game, I feel like it's interesting regardless. Also, who doesn't like female warriors? But the existence of female shieldmaidens historically is debateable and, actually, there is barely any mention of them in historical sagas.Moving on to _actual game content_ which is obviously what people are looking for:CONS:* The content is scarce at the moment. There is more content in creation however I feel like the price is very steep for a game I couldn't play for more than an hour, maybe an hour and a half before finishing it. I replayed it to see if I missed anything, but besides a few rumors that I couldn't do anything with, basically you're gonna play through it once and then be done.* The story writing is vague and does not explain anything at all. First off, the resolution can't be changed and so the opening screen was only barely readable to me since the text was way too large. So, right off the bat, the story was hard to follow. Also there is no explanation as to why I am doing any of the things I am doing. Why am I going south to travel to the priests.. twice? With no reward? I am helping them without reason? I was supposed to avenge my Jarl, but suddenly I am helping priests for no real explained reason.Developers should look to invest in help from more writers or otherwise from enthusiastic people because the story is very bland and doesn't make any sense.* Combat is easy to grasp, but doesn't get harder. Actually, combat is too easy. You just dogpile the enemy leader = automatic easy win. I would expect a system similar to the Banner Saga where you need to kill everyone or a specific hero (in story events). But no, I can kill the enemy leader and the fight is over.The way you get heroes into the battle is stupid too and completely dependant on luck. I once lost a fight because I couldn't get my heroes on the field before they killed my leader -> I lost, because RNG decided it didn't like me. By the time I got heroes, my leader was trapped and basically dead.* Combat is unrewarding. The first few times I tried to play like a typical 'fantasy viking' because I felt like that's what the game wanted me to do. So my first time sailing to the local trade city, I got ambushed by pirates. I am not a coward so I stood my ground and fought! Also, I died. There wasn't really any punishment for losing except for losing adventure stats.When I entered the city someone tripped my character and of course, I fought them because, I am not a coward! I won. Didn't get anything. Not even a story sequence where I regain my honor or where I roll their purses. Absolutely nothing. I felt cheated.I fought pirates a few more times and realized you get absolutely nothing out of fighting. So I just chose to ignore fights and escape. It seems you have a 100% chance at escape every single time so whatever. I only fought when I had to. And as mentioned before fights are incredibly easy so it wasn't a challenge either way.* Combat unintuitive and poorly explained. Sometimes I'd click a character, and there's like no indication if I clicked him properly, so I'd click him again or right click somewhere trying to figure out how to move/attack (even after playing it a bit, I still have no idea, lol) I'd sometimes skip a move for no reason. Also, I can't re-do a move so if I make a mistake by misclicking I'm boned.* Game doesn't feature gods. At all. I am pagan and that's why I was very excited for this game! But actually the only reference of Óðinn I got was like, at the start of the game, your character will 'touch a pendant of Odin' or otherwise one of Frey if you choose the female character. Besides that nobody but the Saxons seem to give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about religion. I think Wotan is more important to the creators of this game than Odin, and if that is the case, then the game should've been set in Frisia or the Saxony area. (Yes, the gods are _more or less_ interchangeable with different rites and rituals but the same concept is at the core of these two gods and their extended family.)* Bugs. By god, bugs. If I give a character a new armor, his old armor gets destroyed. What, does he throw it in the water and let it rust for 5 years? Please..* Just stupid mechanics. If I send my characters hunting it seems like they go out -> kill a deer -> skin it and then leave the meat behind.Are you daft? I need food! My men are starving and you're just taking the pelts! I have 200 pelts on my ship already AND I AM RICH JUST BY SELLING PELTS. PLEASE. I CAN'T EVEN SPEND THIS MONEY ANYWHERE.* Village management is useless. I can spend all my points on diplomacy, it won't matter one bit. Since I always seem to run out of food, I suggest for now you just place all your points in agriculture and husbandry. I really hope to see more features. Like attacks in the winter, or the ability to build a palisade, a longhall, or anything. From the art it looks like I am living in a homestead, not a village. There's like 1 house and a shed. It makes me wonder why the hell there's a blacksmith there and a trader and other stuff..PROS:* The game looks really good. Art is A++, I really like it.* If combat system is made more interesting, with combat stats that actually matter (really, support doesn't do anything remotely supportive except give you cards..) and with the ability to obtain new cards and switch cards on characters (for example, say I obtain a card that lets me give a heavy character 'taunt' like abilities, I would be able to switch it with a card he already has so that I can use it in battle.)then the combat system would be great. Basically, try to do what Banner Saga did, but don't rip it off and make it more viking themed. Basically because ripping off is illegal. If you can rip it off legally, please, it'd be awesome.* For what it's worth, the developers seem to be working on the game rather hard. I appreciate that because most of the time I buy a early access games, it never gets developed. In this case I don't feel ripped off, I feel like I am supporting this game. This is the one exception to my rule of never buying a early access game again after the disaster that was DayZ and the Stomping World.* I really like the village management but actually it is rather useless at this point. Make it more like King of Dragon Pass, allow me to build stuff, allow me to _see_ the changes in my village through the artworks! That is so important. If I am just reading numbers and letters on a screen, yeah, that's great, but I want to _see_ it!"
,Not Recommended,464830,30867858,Posted: 31 March,all,U.S.A. Yakuza,"Sorry guys, I can't recommend it.To preface this, I love this style of game. The art is incredibly well done, I love the attention to accuracy but I just can't do it.You break too many basic principles of game design for this to be a recommended TBS title. I often found myself triple or quadruple clicking my units to select them. I don't mean I was selecting the wrong pawn, but nothing at all when I was clicking on my units.The turn doesn't end when all units have used their actions. Everything feels clunky, and there aren't options to speed computer turns. These are really basic elements that need adjustment, and you can bet I'll be back once the usability has been streamlined.As it stands, Battle Brothers, Banner Saga, Chroma Squad, these are all better examples of TBS fundamentals."
,Recommended,464830,30886246,Posted: 1 April,all,Horus,"I had this game since it was released for EA and tried it on various ocasions.This review is not a easy one.What I love- Atmosphere- Art (all beautifuly hand drawn)- Story (believable characters, also you can see that the developers invested a lot of their time to doing their homework regarding the setting)- Writing (the writing is good, it is just about enough lenght and quality. It isnt by any chance too much overly complicated text that is long just for the sake of being long without being relevant to anything, so the people who are not native speakers struggle to not get lost in it - looking at you Torment: Tides of Numenera!!)- Village customization and winter part of the game- Events (will get to that later)What I neither love nor hate- Music (the tracks are ranging from iritating to absolutely forgetable to quite nice...)What I dont like- Events (While they generaly likeable, the problem is, that they are VERY repetitive. Some more than others (bloody trading ship trap and smoking hamlet). I played until the 13th year and still encounter new events. I really suggest the devs to put some script into game so events happen only once a year. I really dont want to encounter 6 smoking hamlets and 5 trade ship traps every year...)What I HATE (not overeacting, really HATE)- Combat (this is the most frustrating and experience breaking part of the game for me. Until you get your hands on better equipment and level up your characters, the combat basicaly goes by this scenario: ''You have 78% of hit and have 4 attack. The opponent has 15 HP. OK game, lets make it MISS, MISS, MISS, 1 DMG'' *REPEAT until turn 20*. This wouldnt be so frustrating and iritating if there was at least option to make the combat >FASTER<. It is extremely slow, boring and not challenging in the later stages of game. The combat basicaly make me save scum to avoid some radnom events (Looking at you, you damned ''unavoidable stucked trade ship trap'' which I for some reason encounter many times every summer... Did I mention I really hate the trade ship event?)What is worth mentioning- BUGS. This hame has them and LOTS of them. From black screen, load freezes, ship dissapearing while traveling, etc, etc. I could go on I've seen most of them. But I have to say that the devs are small studio and are actually VERY responsive and helpful, doing their best to fix them, given their limited resources. So I have to give them credit for that.- VERDICTI do recommend it. It needs more work on it  and I dont think that it was ready for full release. But I like it and dont regret buying it for the given price.EDIT: I have to admit that on my second playthrough, I realized that I have been missing many combat related mechanics and that was what made it very frustrating for me. I was still used to the ''card deck'' combat back from the EA. I still dont like it to be honest but I cant say its THAT bad..."
76561198052606721,Not Recommended,464830,30843856,Posted: 30 March,all,Rejse.IP,"I was waiting for the full release of this game before trying it out, and I bought it as soon as I recieved the message that the game was done. However, upon starting the game, the first selection told me that 2 of the 3 factions were ""coming soon"". I still decided to give it a try, but when the second battle sequence resulted in the battlefield turning completely black (the UI was still present, but the battlefield and all characters were simply gone), I figured this simply wasn't worth my time.Why this game transitioned from early access to full release in this state is beyond me, but I'm refunding it right away."
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,464830,31059432,Posted: 10 April,all,Edgewalker,"I've finished the game and I'm sorely disappointed.Pros:- Art style is beautiful- Locations are eye-candy- Concept of the game is great- Combat is actually not as bad as everyone claims- It's a mix of RPG and strategyCons:- Plot and storytelling are terrible. You've got no choice and no control whatsoever of your character. Game is not only linear and tells you what to do. It also tells you WHY you do that and what you THINK while doing that. I'm not kidding.It breaks any hope for immersion you can ever have.- I do not enjoy playing a character that kills woman, children, priests, slaves etc. I completely don't care that vikings did it. My Banner Saga vikings didn't. Sadly game gives you no choice in this matter as well.- Game is so riddled with bugs, blackscreens, freezes, crashes that it is amazing it came out of early access- Performance and loading times are abysmal. I can run any AAA title in 60 frames yet here I get 5 second freezes trying to do anything.- Mechanics are plain and simple broken. You wanty to upgrade your ship? Well too bad, none of the villages sells tin and copper this year. You can swim in money but if RNG tells you NO there is nothing can do nothing about it. Perhaps next year? No? Next year? No? Oh ffs...- But it doesn't really matter cause game have only one difficulty setting and that is very easy. You will win always with everyone no matter what you do.- Classes are terribly imbalanced - well in fact there are only two: assault and all the others aka ""useless"" class.- There is a very little number of random events that rehappen every year. There is always a ""good"" answer, it is always a painfully obvious one and it always is the one using 21- century knowledge. Praying to Odin or ""roleplaying"" viking yarl  is always the wrong answer, sadly.I love King of the Dragon Pass and I really really enjoyed both Banner Sagas. This game is nothing like them.Avoid."
76561198004847479,Recommended,464830,30847288,Posted: 30 March,all,Fenrir,"I want to love this game. For most of it I do. The story is engaging and interesting, the exploration and choices are fun, if somewhat repetitive onboard the ship during travels, and the gear and loot gathering I find exciting. I also love building up my city and expanding my ship.One area that frustrates me greatly is the complete lack of character choice other than male or female. I cannot pick my name, my class or skills, my appearance, or even the weapon I started with (I chose Flóki, the male “support-class” character which was one of two options at release.) I feel like he is the weakest character in my party most of the time, having poor armor and melee skills (though a fast attacking weapon is nice sometimes,) he's a support character which kills my interest in playing my own way (I'd enjoy being a front-line character, personally) and limits my weapons and skills to one default. It shatters my replay interest, and I imagine it's on the shelf until expansions come out someday as I don't want to be this same, relatively weak character with the same name, and backstory as my first playthrough.So much is right with the game, but that huge design flaw hurts my enjoyment and severely limits the time I will put into this and my interest in recommending it to anyone.There are some release-day technical flaws, which with character customization and more interest in the ""hero character,"" I could overlook. The game does have some lock-ups, crash-to-desktop errors, inventory issues - an example being that food cannot go over 100 in your stock or it ""rolls-over"" and leaves only the digits after the one-hundred place (ex 114 becomes 14), often leading me to starve during travels, and when purchasing in stores sometimes you cannot buy items from the trader despite money and inventory space. I have also had random bandit events during winter where I fought off the entire bandit force except their lone archer. The archer had evasion so high you had sometimes less than zero percent chance to hit. Seriously, even when surrounded by five vikings they had 110% evasion. 10% below zero chance of being hit. I actually spent ten or twelve rounds sometimes trying to just hit them a single time using accuracy boosting skills. Something is wrong there.All in all, I highly recommend the game for the story, city and ship building, exploration and freedom of choices, but the fact that the game is based around unchangeable characters and gives you zero option for customization beyond your limited armor/weapon preset, wrecks an otherwise fantastic game for me. If you don't care about being pigeon-holed into two lackluster characters and only want story in a Viking setting, this game is for you. If you care about who you play as and like to have some choice, this game is not for you.I really want to love this game, I want this company to make a pile of money and to produce sequels. I just wish they would implement some form of character customization. I think they earned my purchase price, but I won't be buying DLC/Add-ons or a sequel if I am stuck in this hole."
,Recommended,464830,28342875,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Deepockent,"TL;DR - The Great Whale Road, in its current form, is a decent TBS light RPG - There need to be more updates to add depth and additional content, but right it wouldn't be a challenge to hit $1/Hour. With further content updates, I expect to see this be very similar to The Banner Saga but with far more minutia and a longer campaign. It's worth the 15 USD even in early access, and should be kept an eye on as it has the potential to be a strong feature of 2017.The Great Whale Road is off to a really strong start. It popped up on my radar in early August, and this December (2016) I decided to try it out.The combat at this stage has been described as hard but is fairly simple if you don't try and get fancy with it - Simple squares with spearmen and an assault works perfectly.The side quests appear to pop at given intervals, and the content provided at this point in early access is impressive, if a little slow.Management aspects for the winter are relatively satisfying if somewhat easy to cheese - I'd like to see more compexity there with the different base resources being able to upgrade to higher tiers that sell for more if you've got the craftsmen to do it. I'd like to see a lot more depth and really get into the minutia here, because who doesn't want to manage a tenth century Danish settlement and watch it grow while simultaneously having the opportunity to go a-viking?Travel time is slow - The events are mostly repetetive, and you do eventually get to the point where you hope that you don't get an unlucky combat roll which means that things need to be made more fun or alternatively worthwhile and exciting there. Random events need to see more variability, but I'm imagining that'll definitely come with more content updates given the breadth of what you can access now.Longship upgrades could see a little more variability - Different prows would be supremely nice, and more customizability in general on that front (perhaps requiring different materials) would be nice. I'd love to carve a bloody path through my rivals and take their strongests prow.In the line of customizability, I'd really like to see character skills expanded upon (ala Drakensang) - Gear choices as they stand make sense, but should have more ... variability. Restricting specific classes to specific pieces of kit restricts customizability. The classes ought to be defined by their abilities, not so much by 'Support wears a dress. Assault wears one kind of mail. Heavies wear a differnet kind of mail'.All said, The Great Whale Road is ambitious and with further attention to detail and expansion I think that it could make a genuinely phenomenal game. I look forward to coming back to it in future updates, and really do hope that it picks up more attention as it goes along."
76561197990233689,Recommended,464830,26069321,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ruoste,"Unforgiving and cruel. Tactical combat does not have too much depth in it at least in the early access stage of the developement. One of the playable characters is totally useless, and one is mediocre at best. Role playing game in the name atleast, but there is not any significant character developement in the game. Management of your hamlet is reminiscent of King of Dragon Pass, but anything other than making sure that you have enough food is not really important, which is kind of realistic in a way of the early medieval timescale.Overall, enjoyable but some times punishing game for history fans and turn-based enthusiasts."
,Recommended,464830,31367779,Posted: 25 April,all,Vladkins,"8/10 Excellent hybrid game with turn based tactics, resource management and base building elements++ Art is stellar++ Game blends various systems well+ Discovering novelty as the game opens up is very satisfying+ Excellent variety of story/characters/lore- Bugs on loading screens- Slow gameplay, repetitive events- No end-game with 60-70% of upgrades outstanding by game finish time- Battle after the first few pose no challenge as you unlock the 2nd (only 3 tiers) weapon upgradesAppears to be a game from a passionate indie dev team. Game's polish/balance, inventory management/upgrade tree, pacing/challenge leaves much to be desired."
,Recommended,464830,30884913,Posted: 1 April,all,Ratel,"Actually a pretty good game. I've seen quite a few people complaining about the linearity but I get the feeling they were after something more akin to Mount & Blade: Viking Conquest, with an entirely free roam world to do as you please which this isn't and I don't think was ever intended to be. If you like games such as King of Dragon Pass or perhaps Banner Saga I'd definitely recommend this one, it's something you can settle back with a tankard of mead and enjoy. Currently playing it while watching The Last Kingdom myself, it's quite fitting.All that said, I'd probably rate the game as being at most a 15€ game right now, not a 20€."
76561197993200909,Recommended,464830,28110618,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Samson,"Fairly fun.But.It got boring real, real quick.These guys need to call the developers of Battle Brothers and sponge off their combat system.  However, I'm not going to well on that.  Every other review in the world already has.My issue is that the events are all the same and regardless of which option you pick they will end the same.  I've tested it by starting new games.  Loading and re-loading.  And simply by playing the game.  Typically you'll have three options when something happens but it really doesn't matter what you pick.  I really hope that's just an early access feature.  Either way, I already bought the game!"
76561198064235527,Recommended,464830,32687632,Posted: 23 June,all,deanmt94,"PROS:Excellent stroy-driven campaignGameplay and mechanics are good if not perfectHistorically accurate and interesting settingSimple to understand and fun to playBattles are consistently challenging with enemies that level with your charactersVikingsCONS:Not yet finished at the time of writing, the developers want to release two more campaignsSome aspects of gameply could be polished and refinedSomewhat repetitive"
76561198027630921,Not Recommended,464830,25262199,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Piedpiper,"I have no idea how people got more than 9 hours gameplay out of this. It is a fairly straight forward playthorugh. The game is completley linear. The gameplay can be boiled down to 3 parts.1) A series of multiple choice question with 3 potential answers which repeat very quickly and once you know the correct response are no longer interesting.2) A combat phase which is probably the best part of the game but still quite underwhelming. Battle Brothers does a much better job of turned based combat.3) Very lite resource management, which involves distributing 10 focus points over various aspects which seem to have little if any impact on the game at this stage.I like the theme and the art style.I can't recommend this game as it's repition gets boring quick and there is little content but even if there was more content I feel that the way it is presented wouldn't take long to get old either."
,Recommended,464830,29972832,Posted: 16 February,all,Boudan,"What a great game! I haven't really written reviews before, but I feel compelled to offer some positive praise for TGWR because it is a thing of beauty.---What do I like?The art is fantastic, the writing is genuine and the attention to historical detail is very admirable.  The gameplay mechanics aren't a wholesale rehash of other games, although there are bits and pieces that will feel familiar.  The combat in particular isn't groundbreaking, but the buff/malus system does add some fun to process.What I particularly like is that the game forces the player to choose their path carefully and the rewards reaped are not always what is expected.---What don't I like?Thankfully, most of my complaints have already been acknowledged by the developers, so they are transient issues.  The game needs more potential results to the choices faced by your warband.  The economy needs some tweaking.A lot of other reviews have hit the broad points regard the weaknesses of the combat system, so I won't hang on them.  The combat is not perfect, but TGWR is not a game wholly dedicated to combat.  I think some people are expecting this game to be a pillaging simulator, but TGWR is not marketed in that fashion, and focusing on that aspect would disregard the other, perhaps more interesting, aspects of life in northern Europe in the middle ages.---I hope other people will take a chance on this game, I am really enjoying it."
,Not Recommended,464830,26539568,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ϟHavocϟ,"I felt the concept of this game had great points and lots of promise, but the arbitrary nature of the combat left a lot to be desired. Especially since, there is no area of control around any unit, eg you can simply move past a  shield wall and stab their leader in the face (or have the same done to you). 5/10"
76561198052865327,Recommended,464830,31188946,Posted: 16 April,all,Judge,"Banner Saga's Lesser Cousin/10The main gripe about this game is that it's linear. The people saying this are open world fetishists who can't appreciate story-driven linear games. Fixes have been put out addressing the crashing issues and black screen bugs, (Bravo, Devs) which makes it a playable, and therefore critiqueable, game.Pro's and Con's:-Pro'sMesmerizing artwork. I never tire of staring at the coastline in my village.Historical accuracy. Viking raids weren't a pleasant affair, and The Great Whale Road makes no bones about it. The appearance of Byzantine traders is a favorite of mine.Rife with knee-slapper flavor text. (The option to knock someone out for a tooth removal) ""You put a sword in his hand, just in case, and smack the side of his head with a cudgel.""-ConsCombat lacks animations and tends to drag on.The village does not visibly change as improvements are made.There are few random events, and so tend to be repetitive.The Great Whale Road is this studio's first production, and I greatly appreciate the continued work put into this game. All things considered, it's great for Norse history enthusiasts, and good for fans of TBS. It's worth it for everyone if it's on sale. 3/5 stars from me."
,Recommended,464830,31561252,Posted: 5 May,all,Red,"I'm enjoying this game a lot. I see some people comparing it to Mount & Blade: Viking Conquest or Expeditions: Vikings, and I can totally see why - the viking theme, the strategic combat etc... But to me the game has much more in common with The Banner Saga or King Of Dragon Pass. It has a fantastic art style, and features a broadly linear storyline, although you are given multiple ""choose-your-own-adventure"" style options to respond or make choices throughout, with varying consequences. Combined with this is turn-based combat, with different classes, abilities, and equipment to choose. I found this challenging at first, but as I upgraded my characters it has become slightly repetitive and simple. Hopefully there will be a little more variety in the upcoming further storylines. At the start of each year you are also given a light management screen, where you assign people to farm, or trade, or train for warfare, and can make upgrades to your village depending on resources you pick up during quests. If you've played King Of Dragon Pass, it's pretty similar. These 3 elements essentially make up the gameplay - story + choices, turn-based combat, and village management. If you're looking for a sandbox to rampage around in freely, this may not be the game for you.+ Beautiful art style and music+ A well-told story, with interesting characters and choices to make+ Further storylines and updates on the way!+/- Combat can get repetitive once you figure out the 'winning formula' but still enjoyable- Random events can also get a bit repetitive when sailing - you quickly learn the ""correct"" answersUPDATE: The few bugs I encountered have all been fixed with the latest patches!Overall:I definitely recommend this game, especially for fans of The Banner Saga. I know some other reviewers have criticised the RNG in terms of combat or trading for resources, but this hasn't been my experience at all. I found it challenging but fair, and a lot of fun, and have been completely charmed by the game."
76561198008832446,Recommended,464830,28730026,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,lord Claviger,"Ever since the wonderful, unforgettable King of the Dragon Pass, I have been on the lookout for that most elusive genre, the 'tribal simulator'. Hence my enthusiasm and interest in The Great Whale Road. It looks terrifically promising, although at least the current build is a bit unstable on my platform. This is not necessarily the case for everyone else, and I am certain that the developers will stabilize the game by its release. I heartily recommend supporting the development of such a clever and unique game. Also suits those who have recently been impressed by the Banner Saga games.EDIT: The performance/stability issues seem to have been wholly due to playing TGWR on a laptop that was getting on in years a bit. A try on my newer laptop made it clear that the build itself has no problems whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,464830,30999886,Posted: 7 April,all,The Duck Knight,"Big dissapointement!Game sounds great on paper, beautifull artwork, story driven, tactical combat & town development, but in practice it just doesn't deliver on any of those.Artwork is great, but there is no feeling of progress, you develope the village, yet it stays visually the same. There is no battle animations, I get the table top feel, but this a PC game, lack of animations is just lazy.The story - is linear, there is no replayability value here. I was hoping for some freedom, but there is none, you can only sale out on mission, there isn't even like a few generic, repetable side missions (town raid etc.)Tactical combat - without challenge and repetitive as hell. There are just 3 maps (very similar anyways) and pretty much every encounter is the same. There is no difference between fighting a strong army and a helpless town.Town management is very simplstic as well, and for most part has minimal impact on the game.On top of that there are bugs, tactical combat freezes occasionally and the AI is rather slow. I can't recommand this and I honestly don't belive it will get any better."
76561198038183865,Recommended,464830,24607995,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Ubergunner,"Its an early release so if anyone complains about it not being finished yada yada yada BS is just intellectually inferior.... Anyways onto the review... This is basically your typical run of the mill badassary!!! Thats right I said it... The artwork is beautiful, my hats off to you artists... The music is perfectly set, not too loud or annoying... just right. I was surprised by the lack of annoying bugs... only found like 1 and it wasnt game breaking. Battles are vanilla atm.. You can change weapons but no armor to be changed atm.. You can avoid most combat you dont feel like your hopeless you can just slip away. The story is gripping and makes you want to continue. Managing your settlement is interesting to say the least. Nothing crazy all of it makes sense.Wow!, just perfectly done. *golf clap* I applaud you at Sunburned Games Studios.. Thankyou for making a simple and quite beautiful game that can hopefully only get better.. I see the potential for this game. And as funny as it is im gonna say it... The game isnt even near finished and only up to year 4 and it already seems longer than BannerSaga, loved it too btw.I give it 5 stars would totally eat bad oysters and drink all that light ale to feel better again!!"
,Recommended,464830,30854670,Posted: 31 March,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/L1D4Y_hGRNkThe Great Whale Road maintains an interesting balance between turn based strategy and story-driven simulator. I found the game mechanics to be simple, yet intuitive and easy to understand. The combat system, though, does feel like a slightly stripped down version of Banner Saga with fewer animations.The Tutorial was a bit bland and I thought a better job could be done in spreading out the information for the game's mechanics, but overall it got the information related to the player, which is far more than I can say for most games.The story is good, the art style and music are amazing, and the game has great play length and replayability. I found it extremely easy to recommend this game to my viewers. See my First Impressions video for more information."
76561198031377912,Recommended,464830,29223943,Posted: 13 January,all,brett,This game reminds me alot of banner sage due to the side scrolling and choice selections in the game. The combat is much improved over earlier versions adding more of an rpg style with the characters. The graphics are amazing and Im a huge fan of Norse games. This game is still early access and I cant wait to see the finished version. Its going to be even more amazing!
76561198059931836,Recommended,464830,33463155,Posted: 11 July,all,Ryoting,"The Banner Saga on boats, but with more to upgrade and more damnable Christ followers to kill. Unless you start as the Franks, but why would anyone do that? Dane Life 4ever."
76561198048397442,Recommended,464830,30890553,Posted: 1 April,all,Zlayer,"Great game, great potential, biggest bug was fixed and I expect allot of support for the game"
76561198026742690,Recommended,464830,25604688,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,agroberts,still in early access so it's obvious there are a lot of features to be added but there is certainly the bones of a fun game in here. Right now it's a very linear story driven game but from the sounds of it the developers are working on making it more open world soon.
76561198010442282,Recommended,464830,25833191,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,TheGhettoViking,"This is quite possibly the most enjoyable 5 hours straight without going for a p***, in game, at early access, ever.I can't wait for the full finished product, with all its content. I just REALLY hope they bring some sort of ""create a family/clan/village"" aspect into it... like how you can create a custom avatar and do as you wish (as you can in Crusader Kings II for example) and this would be one of those rare games that would eat away hours and hours in bliss."
76561198012275687,Recommended,464830,24589840,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Proletarian,"Great game, has a very similar feel to the Banner Saga, but has a more realistic feel to it. It looks like it's gonna be a great product once it's fully developed. As of right now it might feel  a little repetitive, but I'm sure a couple of updates in we'll be in tip-top shake.Keep at it, devs! You guys are on the right track to making a hit."
76561198000010328,Recommended,464830,24594105,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,BlueSkull,"nice setting and a lovingly made game.however, this is really a early access and you are through with the content in 3 hours. so if u really want to play better wait for the full release.personally i would like to see a lot more detail like character customization for the heroes- maybe skill trees and special abilities which could influence the cards in your deck-  more management in regards of your own settlement and overall much more content around your home village.also i wish you could just fast click through those seatravels. cause the events on seatravels become very repeatetive and waiting for the text to appear and those choice options to appear as well for like half a minute every time is gnawing on my nerves. also after every event the screen goes black for one sentence of text and youre prompted to click continue, which also takes like 20 seconds. this wouldnt be so bad if the estimated travel times on the map would be accurate. if the map says estimated travel time 3 days to a location you can expect to be at sea for like 15 days. basically you spend like 40 minutes sea travel for a voyage that should take only 8 days but takes you 40 days and the most of the time you are waiting for the text to appear...regarding the gameplay itself i find the game way too easy in every aspect. the random events all have like 1 or two good answers and the outcome is allways the same. so you can get through a 40 days sea voyafe without loosing ship hp or anything. town management isnt really there yet and the aspects you can control are very simple at best.didnt lose a combat yet and the only way you could possibly lose is if u cant get more warriors on the field for like 5 turns, which is a possibility. but then i would rather be outplayed and tought a lesson if i lose a fight and not being beaten because i simple had bad luck.summoning up: the base is very nice but the game needs to improve in depht in so many aspects to become really good- i dont know if i will be satisfied on release.also i wouldnt recommend a buy yet if u want to enjoy the game.but if u want to support the devs go ahead.keep it up im looking forward to more contentill give a thumbs up just to encourage the devs ;)"
76561198007426689,Recommended,464830,30947739,Posted: 4 April,all,FrankBashtard,"Nice historical game that does a really good job in making an authentic impression.Even though the design of the settlements can be a little repetitive, the atmosphere is great.Strategy and tactic part both really nice.There are still bugs, but the team released hotfixes three days in a row now, so I am positive they will get it straightened out."
76561197993003923,Not Recommended,464830,31436688,Posted: 29 April,all,HavocGr,"At its current I cannot reccomend this, its mostly what it was in early access with soem bug fixes.Although it s charming and has potential its combat is sooo boring and lazy that you ll be basically trying to avoid any event just to avoid getting a combat event.And thats from someone that loved the banner sagas combat, or turn based hex based combat in general.Frankly if they removed the combat game would be decent."
76561198125806834,Not Recommended,464830,30895177,Posted: 2 April,all,nildr7,"Buggy as hell , im stuck at a quest in nesse and ive been there for like an houre , i have half a mind to request my money back ! . i cannot reccomend this game full of bugs and problomes ."
76561197996377850,Recommended,464830,24654267,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,jlutes,"This game takes the ideas seen in the cult classic King of Dragon Pass, refines them, marries them to an excellent interface, dresses it all up in beautiful art clearly influenced by The Banner Saga (a very good thing), and embarks on a hopeful journey across the Steam Sea. I have not yet had time to play much, but I'm eager to get back to it. Everything I've seen so far is excellent, and the devs have clearly invested a lot of thought, creativity, and love in this game."
76561198005457860,Not Recommended,464830,24946468,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Chrolic,"As the game is of now (16/8-2016) its simply not worth it, due to a lack of balance within the game.For example, the travel time is close to ridiculous, which make the RNG decisions available during the boat trips furiating!Spend 1,5 hour trying to get to the second objective, and i keep running into RNG instand game overs.And there is simply no way to speed up the tedious process of repeating the same boat trip over and over and over and over.So if you like suffering due to RNG, go right ahead, gamble your time away.But if you like your game to be balanced, and playable, then wait untill stuff like this gets a fix."
,Not Recommended,464830,31555584,Posted: 5 May,all,Redhotviking,"If you want to play a resource management, building, viking pillage game. Look up Expeditions: Vikings.It is much better in every aspect. This game is like Expeditions: Vikings lite. Sure the handdrawn artwork is a nice touch but honestly, the rest of the game isnt worth it. If they had massivly improved the game since early access then maybe, you get far more out of Expeditions: Vikings than you will out of this game."
76561198069391479,Recommended,464830,31903710,Posted: 22 May,all,khammond04,"This is a beautiful game with a solid, interesting story.  Aside from the fact that I love Vikings, that's the main part that keeps me playing.  Trading was a little confusing at first and combat can feel more like a distraction at times, but these are minor if you're a fan of story-driven games."
76561198096718077,Recommended,464830,24670061,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Aging,"I have not played it for a long time.Just because i am chinese and the English textures are too many for me to understand and make choices.But still i love the game.It is just an early access version,so maybe there are many,many jobs left to finish.And I hope that when someday the game is very good yet,the game developer can consider to add Chinese to it."
76561198044180381,Recommended,464830,24639352,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Lord Darry,"I heard about this game a while back, I think a friend posted a link to the kickstarter page. I was super excited about it from the get go, and decided to buy it when it entered early access. As you can expect from an early access game, it's not quite there yet. With that being said, I haven't really encountered any game ending bug's its just mostly a few minor translation errors and the combat system while fun and interesting isn't quite there yet (I'll get into that a little more later.) In it's current state I'd say get it if you want to try something new and have the patience to deal with a game in it's infancy, otherwise wait.It plays like an old text and graphic strategy game, think King of Dragon Pass crossed with Oregon Trail, but much improved and with vikings. Even in it's current state, there are numerous events and choices with usually humorous outcomes. In my opinion however, the main thing that makes this worth buying is the combat system. Both the player and NPC have a deck of cards from which they to draw heros and special attacks. I think it has a lot of potential, but from what I can tell the NPC draws a lot less randomly than the player right now, getting all their heroes in the first couple turns and you can go the whole combat with out drawing another.In it's current state? 5.5/10 but I'm optimistic it'll get better and the devs seem really commited to their project."
76561197960358050,Recommended,464830,24685839,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,khenu,"Now what to say about The Great Whale Road? Promising? Innovative? Yeah, it sure is both in a way. But the dominant factor in this earliest of public alphas is boredom. That is bad for a game and especially so if you as a developer are looking for feedback and many played hours.In The Great Whale Road the player manages a small danish village by spending 10 focus points every year. Those largely decide with what goods you start your voyage in the spring. Because thats the second part of the game, and sadly the boring one.You spend hours looking at the 2D animation of a rowing viking boat in different weathers waiting for a) a random event to happen or b) a port coming in sight. This sequence is only interrupted by nightfalls. Now don't get me wrong, I like the basic idea of that. The hard part is the design of it. If there is a random event, you have to wait for some text to pop up in the middle of the screen. It fades in slow. Then it takes what feels like aeons to have your virtual comrades come up with hints on the matter. After that another few boring seconds pass until you finally are able to take action.To make matters even worse, every action (and nightfall) ends with a slow fade to black and a continue button. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ It took me 4 hours to play through this Alpha and most of the time it was just waiting on fade to blacks or another UI sin the developers built in. Every time you visit a village/port the camera focusses the horizon, holds for 2 or 3 seconds and then swipes down on the actual village. Whatching a sandclock is more interesting.Now, the pictures and GFX look nice, the game has a good viking vibe to it. The battles happen in a look down perspective hex strategy way with some trading card game features thrown in. Looks nice, feels good but is not very rewarding. Why you ask? Because there is no loot! How can you make people play your stuff if you don't reward them for theire ""work""? After I realized that I never fought any battles that I didnt have to take. It was just faster this way.To sum it up:+ nice ideas+ nice mashups of different game concepts+ cool visuals+ nice music style+ promising- very bad UI/UX concept (holy ♥♥♥♥!)@Devs: If you want more of my input on your game, I'd be willing to speak over Skype/Phone"
76561198055759960,Not Recommended,464830,30971243,Posted: 5 April,all,Crash,"while the warcries are interesting the tactical combat is basic otherwise.  The game is mind-numbingly repetitive in the choices it offers and your settelment management is non existent.  On top of that trading items between setlements is incredibly basic as well, it's like a bunch of pieces of a game and none where fleshed out except for the artwork."
76561198107799909,Recommended,464830,30149811,Posted: 24 February,all,samcooley500,"This game is actually very fun. When i first bought it i thought, ""Well, this might be a little fun but i'm not expecting much."" I was pleasantly surprised. Everything from the trading to the battling is fun in my opinion and i would suggest it to anyone who enjoys turn based combat and strategy."
76561198006622834,Not Recommended,464830,31017656,Posted: 8 April,all,bleubleu,"Some bugs (with a major one that completly stuck my campaign), plus the combat system which is too simple.""Banner Saga"" like, but not as good."
76561198017056364,Not Recommended,464830,30870960,Posted: 1 April,all,CodeTiger,Game could have been good but it has some irritating mechanics. like you start a battle only with just your leader but the ememy starts with all units out from the begining. So you have to wait turns before you can place your units. Then when you have almost beaten the emeny they will call in units and buff themselves will heaps of DP that would take you 4 turn to reduce. However 1 turn ago it was looking like a close win.In my time playing I never got one weapon upgrade. The town sells weapons but they are♥♥♥♥♥♥and cost more silver that you will see for so time.The combat is 2 moves overwatch and attack.End of the day the game is not fun.
76561198021840284,Recommended,464830,24923183,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Retromach,"A strong opening on early access, the game is story and event driven, and the combats are strategic. I see a lot of potential here for interesting gameplay, particularly if the developers continue to increase the variety of sea encounters and enemy leader types - at the moment only a few are implemented, and all of the generic battles seem to be about identical.Similarly, at this stage in the early access the UI appears to still be in development, but shows promise. I look forward to further updates as development progresses."
,Not Recommended,464830,30866809,Posted: 31 March,all,[MFG]SlobbishBurrito,Has wonderful potential but the ability to not save your game so a huge deal breaker. The animations aren't that bad and the style is very interesting but the story lacks interest. I do not like fact that you can only go to where the story goes. I haven't played more than an hour so I am not sure I will pick this up again until I can save. People have lives and saving should be standard with any game that is over a certain amount of playable content.
76561198059500332,Recommended,464830,24638840,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[SB5]GhostWarrior,A fantastic game! Really immersive experience that draws you in and a fantastic representation of the historical period. A wonderfully unique and refreshing game.
76561198071960517,Recommended,464830,30937284,Posted: 4 April,all,TubeAlloys,"It's a great core idea riddled with bugs. Get it if that doesn't bother you, I'm getting hours of entertainment even with the problems it has... otherwise come back in a few patches"
76561197996653478,Not Recommended,464830,26717348,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Siegfried,"I love this time period this game set in, which not many game has done the same, and I like RPG games.However, this game is REALLY hardcore, and the game works similar to a rogue-like game when it is not.Game play and the progression is pretty linier too. It would be better if this offers more sandbox experience.Good game, but too difficult, and too linier."
76561198015569520,Not Recommended,464830,28384843,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,atreju,"Either bugged as hell, or beta as hell. I got into a battle and was not able to place any of my warriors on th efield for reasons unknown. Their cards colored, blue hexagons on the field, clicking them did nothing. The game needs more polish too, on my first boat trip I forgot to take food, so my people were starving. At the destination I decided to hunt for a day first to get food for backtrip (turned out you get tyeleported back, no food needed) before exploring trader and inn in the village, but after a day at that place I just got force-teleported back home and never had another chance to browse that village's trader or go to its inn. Oh, and you can't revisit a place if you have no quest their.So while the setting is just what a man needs, the game itself is pain."
76561198025694140,Recommended,464830,30821484,Posted: 29 March,all,Taiji,"Worth supporting through early access. Should wind up being a fun mix of RPG style turn based tactics and something like King of Dragon Pass. Fighting battles, levelling and equipping characters, and managing a settlement."
76561198042812098,Not Recommended,464830,28285518,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,K-dog,"Remember those books that said, choice 1 turn to page 5, choice 2 turn to page 45.It has the feel of a game created by some scandinavian museum, that wants schoolchildren to get interested in the viking-age. And those games I get to play for free.Have some issues with the game jumping from year 1 to year 3. At one point I couldn't get more troops on the battlefield until I loaded a save-game, and started back at the village. My food-ressorce disappears, although i had plenty stocked. I pay all my silver as retribution for Auduns mistake no-matter if I have 50 or 500 silver and so on."
76561198058916055,Recommended,464830,30847454,Posted: 30 March,all,Mobius1,So far I'm enjoying everything about this game outside of the fact that it keeps freezing every time I enter into a naval battle.
,Not Recommended,464830,30855739,Posted: 31 March,all,Ghost Ninja,this should be a great game it has so much potential but it falls short i expect building my village/clan or from scratch and that might come out later on when it comes out full but i was expecting more and it makes me sad because i love viking games so much i want to build my own clan almost like mount and blade/ bannerlord when that comes out i'm going to flip out :) i just wish this could been better
76561198019717643,Not Recommended,464830,28240494,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BAM,"potentially Great Game...if it wasn't for the combat.Can I do things other than figthing as quest?Oh and why only 4 guys to command and one deathanimation \(^o^)/ MEATPLOSION!!! #killthemallAnd why can't I freely cruse in my dragonship up and down the coast. #freeyourinnerDragonboatI belive this can become really great, but there should go some thought into making this game feel less restricted on what you are allowed to choose and please overthink the combatsysthem (zone of control! bigger maps with the real ammount of warriors? Expanding your village and becoming VikinKing?).Update Aug 2017: So this remains an interactive story and I would still rather skip the combat"
76561198000569309,Recommended,464830,28185066,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Ghost1,Recommended.
,Not Recommended,464830,28147150,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Tau,It is boring. Too much nonsense reading. No animations in combat. All combatants walk the same amount of fields. No automatic battle system. No guide. Not even animations in building mode. Just upper boring.
76561197993429177,Not Recommended,464830,29002637,Posted: 4 January,all,no12die4,"Why would you make a game for mac without any optimization? there are no scroll options at all!!!! As much as I want to like this game, which gets this Nordic fairy vibe, its just too raw and battle mechanics are boring compared even to Banner Saga"
,Recommended,464830,30873094,Posted: 1 April,all,Grimmblut,"I've written a negativ review for this game when it was released because it was full of bugs and because of them I wasn't able to finish the main questline.Now, after some time, I decided to give it a second chance and I must say that I'm very impressed how stable the game runs now and how many bugs have been fixed. It didn't crash a single time when I played it now and beside one annoying ""it's a feature not a bug""-bug, no bugs were left.That leaves almost not a single one of the old ""contra""-points. The ""pros"" are still the same: lovely graphics, unpredictable storyline, decisions that matter, nice economic / upgrade system.The Great Whale Road is easily on the same level as ""Expedition: Vikings"" and well worth its price.I'm looking forward to the new campaigns that are about the be released.Looking back I must say that it really is a shame that this game (maybe had to be because of publisher demands?) released in such a buggy state, which brought a lot of negative reviews, but the devs have really worked hard to fix these bugs. If all reviewers that have left a negative review would check on the game again in its current state, then I'm sure that the vast majority would write a positive review now."
76561198023596064,Recommended,464830,29563295,Posted: 29 January,all,Hoon,"Really interesting so far. the artwork, storyline and problem solving have been well fleshed out. the game is an intersting concept that i have never exprienced before. a great release for a small studio.NegativesThe combat can be very repetative and the soundtack is short and repeats itself over and over again"
76561198047512643,Recommended,464830,33710156,Posted: 21 July,all,Bombastik,If you are a fan of this age period and vikings in general you'll likely enjoy this game. Combat seems horribly unbalanced imo. You start with a full special meter and after your heroes are leveled its not too hard to wipe the floor. It has some annoying bugs and If they would of added a few more feature it couldve been a masterpiece. That being said the Story is great (so far) and thats what the game aims to do.
76561197967236821,Recommended,464830,24658056,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ragabonz,"changed my reveiw for the third time, loved early acess, was unplayable at full release. Now i love it again."
,Recommended,464830,34190210,Posted: 12 August,all,Si3rrA_o,"It's good. Buy it if u liked ""Banner Saga"" and that kind of stuff."
