user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198058773912,Recommended,464880,32894541,Posted: 27 June,all,BenWish,"The makers of this game have been playing Master of Orion 2. The look is nearly identical and the tech tree, game play, and even tactical combat are carbon copies. It was a great game to be inspired by. Let's see how they did...The good: The graphics are an upgrade. It's more challenging than MoO2 was once you figured things out. There are more indigenous races and they're quirky and interesting. The ships can be auto-upgraded. Every race can get every technology (which always annoyed a completionist like me in MoO2). You don't have to build so many things to get a colony functioning, which speeds up the game. The ""go back"" button is simply genius, in that I don't have to save my game every turn to avoid stupid and avoidable mistakes.The bad: The music is forgettable. The races' back-stories mean they can't be customized. The MoO2 antagonists (the Antarens) are space pirates here, but don't seem dangerous and almost never happen (encountered once in three games). Diplomacy is missing a large number of actions (threatening them to get out of your territory, asking them to surrender, asking them to surrender a planet or system, surrendering a planet or system to them (possibly for peace or reputation), and the trade doesn't seem to work with anybody but the mercenaries and slavers...in which case, why offer it for normal races?). This game, slowed down and on a large galaxy, could take days or weeks on normal...nevermind hard or very hard. The weapons for auto-upgrading ships can be very paper-rock-scissors and you can get pwned without seeing it coming. It's the strategic equivalent of putting platforms off the screen on a platformer game and requiring a leap of faith...and hoping you won't die. I guess you need that ""go back"" button after all...The ugly: This game simply doesn't pop. It's not bad, but neither is it great. In 50 years or longer, I'll never forget MoO2. I own a CD and now use a DOS emulator when I get nostalgic. I once saw a computer running MoO2 in a video game museum. My wife even asked if this was that old-fashioned space game that I used to play when she saw it. This game is a worthy effort, and kept me up for a few nights, but in the end this game seems like exactly what it is: a copy of a great game using current graphics and systems to seem better. Super Mario 2 may have had better graphics, but it wasn't the massive improvement over Super Mario Bros. that SMB was over, say, Atari.My final word: They gave it a shot. This game is worth the try. But it won't stand the test of time. If someone asks me about in in a year, I won't know what they're talking about. That being said, if you never played MoO2, and don't want to pirate an emulator copy or buy a CD so you own a license, then this game is worth trying. It is a decent space game and carries the best of MoO2 over, with some new innovations. There are better games, but also many, many worse. I give it 3.8 out of 5."
76561197998197385,Recommended,464880,25520033,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Stork6,"Overall, and especially for an early release, this game is excellent. It feels very much like a greatly updated Master of Orion II in terms of space combat. I applaud you for the way you handled boarding actions in particular.I like the way that resources have been set up, and the option to become a trade magnate by building a fleet of transports is enticing.The tech tree is massive, and each race has its own wonderdful feel tech-wise (played a couple of hundred turns on three so far) The way that race has its own unique ships and roles was well done. (Particularly fond of the Orthin escort cruiser) And even being on the receiving end of Gremak energy torps was enjoyable, if only for a few seconds, simply because they felt unique.Diplomacy feels a bit lacking, but I have great hopes that that will be fleshed out as updates are sent out.A final, and somewhat minor note: I was very pleasantly surprised when I noticed that my military transports were not ""consumed"" when used in a planetary assault. This makes a star-to-star assault a great deal more viable.What else, oh yes, the artwork is outstanding. I followed Outsider until the author sort of dropped it to complete this, so I am not at all surprised by the quality of the work.Well done all around!"
76561198028547477,Recommended,464880,29372771,Posted: 20 January,all,Bankipriel,"Fun.Pure andsimplestrategic.Stars in Shadow is easy to learn, fun to play, full of great tactical warfare, and has just enough micro to allow for customization and meaningful choices. If it's not the ""best"" space 4X of the last few years, it's definately the most fun.This game is sleek, beautifully illustrated, and full of easily-grasped systems that enable meaningful short- & long-term strategy without a steep learning curve. But while the systems are easily grasped, the depth of strategy possible in this game is outstanding.Some players might not enjoy the small number of terrestrial buildings. I think it's very close to the sweetspot between micro-intensive planet-customization and stream-lined empire management. Each planet can support 3-6 buildings (usually) depending on size, S,M,L. Choosing what to build, when, where, has a huge impact on the early game, allowing for a focus on population growth, industry, research, or wealth. Planet quality also influences these resources, and while a huge, core, industrial planet can switch from farming to reserach to commerce with great ease once it's developed, back-water planets can take so long to develop, that early choices and well considered diversification and focus can be vital to late game.Planet management is fun, simple, yet meaningful, and a sense of identity and importance develops around key industrial worlds, centers of commerce or reserach, and worlds with rare and unique charactersitcs.The alien races have particular strengths and weaknesses. Players will, I think, find a favorite race that boosts their preferred play-style, or one that is weak in their preffered style and offers a greater challenge.The tactical combat is a particular strength of Stars in Shadow. As most reviews have noted, it's a cornerstone of the game, and players who want to utilized ship construction and formation combat will find a lot to play with.Ships can be customized in very profound ways, allowing for long range missile cruisers behind mid-range gun-boats behind heavily shielded point-defense screens ... or whatever. The range and efficacy of all the weapons can be brutally effective and effectively countered, so a war against two alien neighbors could require some very different fleet compositions.For those who don't want to fiddle with lots of ship designs, focusing research on a few techs can work well against most enemies .... most of the time.The recommended ""huge"" map size feels small at first, but 99 stars with all the factions in play creates a very big game. If your computer can handle it, you can play on a map with hundreds of stars ... but it will lead to a very long end-game where everyone has all of the techs researched.There are some nice customization options, along with map size, including distance between stars, likelyhood of habitable planets, speed of tech/building, and a few others. All together, these options can make for some very different games, increasing even further the replayability of SiS.If you're still reading, then I would also recommend this game over Stellaris and Distant Worlds, because what Stars in Shadow does, it does very, very well. What it lacks in scope compared to Stellaris, it makes up for with excellent combat, meaningful ship customization, and actual strategic gameplay. What it lacks in size, detail, and lenght-of-gameplay compared ot Distant Worlds, it makes up for with sleek, easily grasped systems that don't require either automation or a huge investment of micro-management and constant structural fiddling.If you think you might like this game, chances are very good that you'll love it."
76561198029615366,Recommended,464880,29363824,Posted: 19 January,all,Jolly,"As some others have indicated, this game is very MOO2-like, which is a good thing.  It has many similarities to MOO2, some nice twists, a good UI, and is an overall solid game.  An excellent all around space 4X.I saw soemone post a negative review based on the simplistic planetary development but I actually think that's a positive feature and something that makes the game a bit different.  That level of abstraction saves you from building a bazillion of the same facilitiy on every planet, or feeling like you need to establish X amount of industry on a world before you can do anything with it.  So it's kind of like you have a bit less micro and can focus on the big picture more.  I'm not against the micro typically involved in the genre, but seeing a different take on it is nice and yields variety."
,Not Recommended,464880,30778631,Posted: 27 March,all,❗️❗️ Annex ❗️❗,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, put a good number of hours into it hoping to find a gem. Sadly there are just too many elements that dont work well here. In no particular order:- Managing your empire is tedious. There is a ton of micro management here, very much like Gal Civ 3. Every time you unlock a new tech that affects your worlds you need to go visit them one by one. You will spend more time managing than fighting/strategizing- Combat is just weak. The game tries to duplicate Master of Orion 2 and fails at it. Ship movement much too slow for any strategic depth. You just move forward. Weapons are too powerful resulting in many one shot kills. Troop transports like to hang out in the middle front of your forces instead of at the rear.- Ship designer doesnt work well. There arent enough ways you can meaningfully tweak your ships and there is a clear one or two ""best"" loadouts- Diplomacy feels like a place holder and is just for the AI to ask you for stuff which you can use to appease them and keep them from going hostile with you.- Exploration is pointless beyond the initial few turns. The AI however loves to build endless amounts of exploration ships, even hundreds of turns into a game.- The independant/pirate forces are terribly unbalanced. They get battleships seemingly before anyone else and put up a bigger fight than the regular AI races as a result. Since when do pirates get top of the line tech?- It is better to bombard an enemy colony out of existance and then settle it yourself than it is to conquer it and have to deal with stacking lots of ground forces to prevent it from going into rebellion.- The UI is lacking. There doesnt appear to be a button for diplomacy short of clicking on an AI world and initiating from there. Planet listing doesnt highlight which world you are currently on. Selecting a planet doesnt take you to the building panel, instead shows a pretty useless picture of the planet that you then need to continue past to get where you want to be. Unnecessary tedium.- Research fun while it lasts, but once it ends all your research buildings are useless and have to be torn down and replaced manually, one planet at a time.These gripes and many smaller ones add up to one thing: this game is lacking in a great many places and it simply gives nothing to the 4X genre at this time."
76561198106013105,Recommended,464880,25540392,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Galactic Origins,"I only have good things to write about this game.It plays more like MOO2 than even MOO2. That is how good it is. Still in Early Access, some things are not finished but it is way fun to play.Economy is simple to run. There are Farms for Food (and all food is shared between worlds provided you have transports in the trans pool), Mines for Minerals, Labs give a lot of Research and Factories build things. Most worlds I do not put factories on but the AI does.Also, as the population grows on a planet, resrouces are increased.Ship design is easy and fun. It seems the different races have a few ships that are unique to them. I played a race that had Battlecruisers but another race had an even larger ship, a Battleship. This is pretty neat.Technology! I never did get thru all of the techs in my longest game.  There are a huge number of great techs in this game.Most of my worlds never stopped building stuff. I had any building transports for the transport fleet because it generated money. Oops. Forgot. Yeah, there are Markets to bild for money.Ships do not seem to have a huge upkeep, which is neat because you can build large fleets that way.The size of the galaxy is around 50-88 worlds. I played on a 50.Once finished, this will be a great 4X title!It is playable even now ..."
76561198107966850,Recommended,464880,29441823,Posted: 23 January,all,The Walkin Dude,"Stars in Shadow is *wait for it* another space 4X. BUT. A fun one. I've got about 50-60 hours in Galactic Civilizations 3 with most campaign and scenarios completed, about close to 30 hours in Stellaris and likewise with Distant Worlds and the new MoO CTS, so I've definitely played a few ""space 4X"", maybe not as much as other die hards with over 400+ hours on some titles but enough to know the genre.After 1 hour of gameplay I can tell I've fallen in love. This game is fun and has character, something many other 4X's are missing. So for the individual components:Research system:while different from a standard tech tree, isn't too bad, maybe this will change in the future? I've gotten used to it and don't mind it for the most part. Items are explained fairly well and contain links that lead you to the additional tech that each item unlocks. It's a little tedious but not the end of the world by any means.Combat/Battles:Fantastic. It's simple yet strategic enough to give you some depth in this department. You can move your ships only so much per turn and only fire so much so effective flanking, ship speed and components actually play a really big part. Unlike GalCiv3 in which is just a game of card counters really. I mean I actually looked forward to combat for once in a space 4X. The UI needs more work in this area but it's workable and I still really enjoy it.Diplomacy:There are some different ideas here in that you need to build diplomacy points in order to advance relations with another race you encounter. You start off with 100 points and you can establish embassies which then foster growth of diplomacy points (along with other things). So who you decide to interact with on the first encounter can be a difficult decision. I also REALLY liked the fact that as humans, one race I came across were attacked by human pirates, and as we were the same race it lead to immediate bad relations. But also see the negatives...Expansion:Nothing I haven't really seen elsewhere, it's a little more streamlined which makes it fun as you don't get bogged down deciding which adjacency bonus you want more. One feature I did like is that planets have a limit as to what upgrades/buildings you can build, so maximizing a planet means you will need to sacrifice something, adding to a macro strategy feel in the long run.However things do snowball, especially if you are a fast expander and have all your planets specialised to match the discoveries on the planet. But taking advantage of a planets unique discovery is still important. There are also native species that you run across on planets which can be used strategically as they come with bonuses that are quite handy and exploitable.Negatives:First: Is the turn processing. Out of many 4X's in general this has turn processing that tends to be somewhat longer then the instant button spam I can achieve elsewhere. So hopefully seeing as it's early days the devs can work on improving this. There is also a performance warning for when you try to create a game with over 99 stars, I've set my first game up with 80 and found that it's too small and you run into other races far too quickly. So I then started a second game at 'epic' pace and planets less frequent with 150 stars. To be honest it felt like there was no difference in performance from 99 to 150. When getting to stardate 1500 turns are taking about 15 seconds to process, not too bad really.Second:Lack of game set up options. You can't turn on and off particular victory conditions (there are three according to the achievements), so it would be nice to see the ability to customize the game a bit more and of course more races, as there aren't that many in reality. This does feel a little like Stellaris in that victory conditions do focus on some form of domination. There's no ascension or tech victory in anyway. This means that unless you are going for an allied victory of some sort or Galactic Council based victory then it's combat all the way baby.Third:No multiplayer yet. Which is a shame as this is the kind of game that would lend perfectly to it. If you aren't going to support multiplayer just yet then the single player experience needs to more then make up for it in my opinion. Thankfully it does very well.Lastly:Diplomacy needs a lot more oomph. Deals are too easy to make as long as you have the ""points"" for it. You can't send gifts and you can't trade tech. There is also no spying or diplomacy related tech you can research to improve your deals. In my opinion this is really the weakest part of the game.Bugs:Although there aren't game breaking bugs there are a few annoyances here and there such as overlapping text and achievements not working. These have been reported and should be addressed as patches come out.Overall:Stellaris, GalCiv3, Distant Worlds and NuMoO are all great games in their own way (and are also fun) I'm not going to compare them any more then I already have, but for the *instant fun* factor, great bright and colourful graphics (Plus it will run on a potato, so great for taking it with you on the go.), character and game mechanic innovations then maybe give this a go.EDIT: Updated 30/01 @ 6hrs game time."
76561198048035257,Recommended,464880,26008369,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Pherdnut,"=========The Review:=========It's nowhere near done but it already scratches the MOO2 itch better than any other space 4X game to date, including the recent remake which was 'meh and didn't really feel like it was designed by somebody who really understood what made MOO2 the game we can't let go of but also the game that many of us would have liked to have seen improved on by a sequel or spiritual successor that didn't drift as far away from the good stuff as most did.For the record, I am one of those nerds who has not stopped playing MOO2 since it came out with 2-3 binges a year in more recent years. I've also tried a lot of other 4x space games hoping they'd match up or provide an equally worthy but totally new experience. So far I've been most impressed with Sword of the Stars which I loved for a lot of reasons but found it lacking on the longevity factor.So trust that when I say this is the MOO2 foundation with improvements you, or at least I always wanted that it is for realz.===============And now for the TMI===============Acronyms:MOO/MOO2 - Master of Orion 1 & 2 - bothe excellent 4x (civilization-style) galactic expansion strategy games but with MOO2 widely regarded by many as the best everMOM - Master of Magic. Developed by the same company as the above way back in the day but more of a fantasy Civilization-ish game with a brilliant mechanic where you mixed the sort of wizard you were with your starting and ultimately conquered races and other advantages/disadvantages that all layered very nicely  to make for a ridiculously replayable game.What the game borrows/retains from MOO2:* Graphics: 2D sprites + some 3D here and there (mostly the planets). Speaking as a programmer and a former pro game reviewer, I love this. It keeps the team small, independent and free of publisher stupidity, which are all great things when they're clearly as well-dialed in on what made MOO2 great and also see all the neat stuff worth lifting from more recent space 4x games.* Extermination/Combat: Pretty much the same deal  + new tech to play with and cool music, effects, and fun.* Expansion/exploration: Same exact wide open exploration and colonization scheme with fuel limiting distance you can explore from your colonies but no starlanes, or any of that jazz. At least not yet. The dev/designer is inspired by SoTs apparently, which excites me and I can already see some of that influence.* Exploitation/industry and economy on a planetary and galactic scale. But with many enhancements/improvements.Improvements Over MOO2* Colony improvement: Now you build generic structures (factories, economy, mining, industrial, research, agriculture) on improvement slots which very from planet to planet I believe on the basis of max pop. Smaller planets have as few as four. My largest planets so far seem to have 6-8ish. I assume you can improve this with tech. The six generic structure types can improve with tech but they auto-upgrade and always represent the same generic function. They also operate to varying degrees of efficiency depending on how much pop is freed up to operate them. There are no food guys, research guys, and labor guys to drag to differents specialties. Colonists in the current iteration of the game appear to do everything all at once, I assume, to varying degrees of efficency based on the race they represent with the structures adding a nice bonus - it's possible I'm not 100% correct about this.* Resources and production are no longer a glued-together abstraction: Resources are something you have to build up through mining (if there's a name of the vanilla/generic resource, I don't recall atm) and currently matter a great deal to early-game fleet-building. With a ton of resources you can build large fleets fairly rapidly even at early tech levels in the current iteration of the game. The cool thing is that your largest colony can be lousy for farming and mining but still a great place to build a ton of factories to be the ultimate ship-builder that relies on sipping that other stuff in from smaller more specialized worlds. That also makes for a lot more strategy to consider in times of war. Do you go for the factory planets or that one awesome mining planet that appears to be providng the bulk of what they need to build those fleets in the first place?* The freighter system: Now you can build freighters and also use troop transports to ship colonists or troops around manually or you can set them to trade, vanishing them from the map and making them more like MOO2's behind-the-scenes freighters which can be used to transport pop or handle food. However, unused trade freighters contribute to your economy through automatic trade so there's incentive to keep planets reasonably self-sufficient for things they're good at providing for themselves when they can. Being able to convert the troop transports to civilian needs is a nice touch making them feel like less of a waste of space when wartime is over and less of a liability when it makes sense to start building them when war is on the horizon.* Racial balancing: Races have a lot more unique traits that would be hard to break out into a 100% customizable race scheme which I find agreeable. I'm only 10 hours in but every planet has multiple biome types and every race is optimal on those biomes to highly varying degrees, making it a huge advantage to diversify colonies when you get the opportunity to. Also, each race has its own unique tech options and ship hull types which I believe can be traded/stolen. It also just adds a crap-ton of new things to think about when faced with the prospect of going to war (so you can diversify your races for optimal colonies) or selecting one colony over another. I haven't seen this level of incentive to get one of everybody that synergizes well with your race since MOM.* Art/Design: They weren't weak in MOO2 and I'm still torn on one of the font-choices but the music and the art direction overall are both surprising and very very cool/welcome. I can't believe this game is just two guys and as a programemmer ex-game-reviewer/avid strategy game player I could only dream of working with people this talented and with instincts this good.Criticism?I have none at this time. Although I hope it moves a little slower in the final version. That seems convenient for now."
76561197970890209,Recommended,464880,25528672,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Nate,"Wow, much more fun than Stellaris and the new MoO.This EA release is very functional. After playing 5 hours, the only thing that is obviously missing is some description or flavor text. The UI could use a little more polish here and there. The tech tree is presented as a list and not in an easily grasped diagram. The main map has no zoom in and out capability. If your running the game at high resolutions, the main map planet and ship icons become very small. Upgrading ships involves a lot of clicking, this could be obviously improved.Why do I find it more fun than Stellaris and the new MoO? The turn based ship combat is fun.  Planet management isn't tedious (very important!). Colonies can have native populations, can be a mix of multiple races. Discovered that aquatic races are very useful. Its not too tedious to move populations around either.Pirates and slavers are everywhere, have impact and slow down the expansion. Diplomacy seems well implemented and fun. Interplanetary with-in empire trade also seems well implemented.--Update--After 17 hours on a large game on hard difficulty I'm still enjoying the game. There are many unimplemented techs you can research higher in the tree. It says so in the description of these techs. Also, a few of the techs seem to have issues. For example, all my colonies could grow one more million pop but refuse to do so.The AI on hard difficulty is disappointing. No one has attacked my empire after 17 hours of play. The AI did expand very well. AI ship design is good. However, they seem to have no large fleets. Ships they do have seem to fly around randomly. Symptom of being early access?Be aware that in battle you can shift select multiple ships to move or fire them all at one time."
76561198040407432,Recommended,464880,31244194,Posted: 19 April,all,BlueBangkok,"I don't understand why Steam still doesn't have a ""maybe"" option - this is a game that would deserve it (in its current state). It's a nice little 4X based on the legendary Master of Orion 2 (MOO2). It has a solid (if flawed) gameplay and is a lot of fun most of the time.However, there are some questionable design decisions, simplification of some aspects of the game, and technical problems that drag the overall experience down.The Good:- Planet building has been simplified. You no longer build dozens of structures on each of your planets. You have simply 6 base buildings (factory, mine, research lab, market, farm, and defense) which get upgraded for free once you discover relevant technologies. This is great, in my opinion, as it eliminates the tedious micro-management when you have a lot of colonies (there is still some, but nowhere near the ""late game MOO"" level).- Every race not only has its own splash screens, but also ship models, leader banter, and some techs. It's a nice touch and increases immersion.- The game has that ""just one more turn"" feel to it.- AI is actually quite capable strategically - it researches and builds fast, expands very fast (perhaps too fast - see below) even on lower difficulties.- Unlike the recent official ""remake"" of MOO, this one has tactical turn-based combat. You can win even if you are outnumbered and outgunned, if you play your cards right.The Bad:- This is one of those fake ""full releases"" - despite posing as a full release, it's still very much early access quality. LUA script errors are everywhere (this was partially eliminated in the latest patch but still, the game was released in this state and I cannot overlook it), CTDs to desktop are a thing on huge maps in late game, game balance is a mess.- Ship design has been simplified, being slot-based instead of weight-based. Meaning that you can never fit more weapons on a ship that the devs intended. On one hand, this is good, because you cannot cheese by building a warship from hell (but you can cheese in other ways), on the other hand, it greatly reduces variability.- It's unbalanced. Railguns rule the mid/late game. Strike craft and missiles rule the end game. Railguns are simply OP here, having highest range, no range dissipation, shield piercing, AND top damage of all of their counterparts. Rails put even some higher tier weapons to shame. AI, no matter the faction, always spams heavy cruisers and battleships with railguns and PD cannons, simply because it's the most effective way to design ships with direct-fire weapons. Weapon range is everything in combat because bigger ships are painfully slow. This makes above-mentioned weapons stupidly powerful and short range weapons almost useless. It also invalidates alternative tactics (boarding, disabling, etc.) once you get far enough in the game.- AI is crazy about expansion and if you ally yourself with an AI player he will instantly send swarms of colony ships into your space and colonize all unclaimed worlds in your sphere of influence. For this reason, you can never go into an alliance until you've secured every single planet you want. This is insane and should be removed - your ally shouldn't steal worlds from you just because he can (manners?).- AI is strong in some regards but is dumb as a rock in combat.- Late game battles aren't epic but tedious - this is mainly because of slow combat animations. It seems like a small thing but it really adds up when you have a fight with dozens of large ships. Such battles can take over 10 minutes, 9 mins 40 seconds of which is waiting for animations to finish. Now imagine that when war breaks out in the late game you fight 2-3 such battles every turn... ""Faster animations"" option in settings doesn't seem to do much, if anything (again, I smell rushed release here). Autocombat is even more useless than it usually is in this type of games because it always makes you lose about 3x more ships compared to what you'd lose if you fought manually.I am giving this a thumps-up because its core gameplay is pure old-school goodness. If you love MOO and don't mind flaws that SiS has, get it, it's worth it. It will be even more worth it once devs squash the bugs and balance things out."
76561198133124049,Recommended,464880,30971708,Posted: 5 April,all,jephrey64,"My vote is a delighted ""thumbs up"" for Stars in Shadow.  Below some early impressions and my take on some other dissatisfied reviews.Typical sci fi game:  ""This race is thought to be distantly related to a species of sauroids possibly descended from those present during the jurassic age of the legendary planet Terra""Stars in Shadow (paraphrasing):  ""This is a race of space dinosaurs.""In other words, SiS cuts out a great deal of hype and pretentious language and imagery to deliver an entirely playable, enjoyable, sensible, fun 4x game.  At the same time there are a few things I don't like:I see no screen to tell me about myself.  What I mean is, my race, its bonuses, and a very general summary of my empire (number of colonies or whatever).  There doesn't seem to be a mirror on the wall, so to speak.   Haven't found it yet, if it does exist.Also, there is no kind of tutorial.  Granted, the game really is intuitive and I am learning it just fine by playing it, but there was an initial discomfort I could have been spared with a little intro spiel.  The argument that ""let's play"" segments exist on youtube is no excuse for leaving a customer without any guidance.It turns out the reason for that discomfort was my assumption that there would be tons of distraction and mechanical hype that would confuse me, which there aren't.  An example of what I mean is the way Civ 5, for example, urges the player to be involved in city-state affairs long before his empire is really able to do so (Civ 4 BTS, before it, would throw quests like to build rediculous numbers of troops.  The naive player listened and lost the game trying).  You can actually lose games chasing after features that the game, itself, thinks are very cool but which, in fact,  are gameplay red herrings.  This sort of overdone, self-admiring feature is absent in SiS.  The game sticks to what you need to do.  Causes and effects, as they become revealed, tend to explain themselves.Another irritant:  I colonized a planet that already had an indigenous race living there.  This added 3 bonus pop to my single colonist pop.  Sounds like a deal!  Nope.  Because the moment you colonize, the natives immediately become completely dependent on your empire's food supply.  So there was immediate mass starvation, because the plankton or chickens or coconuts the natives feasted on suddenly vanished when my ship landed.  Now, perhaps this is as-intended for purposes of some game balance equation, but it simply makes no sense at all and should be changed.There are a few other irritants, but none of them seriously damages a marvelous, creative, engaging game of galactic conquest with space dinosaurs (or whatever you prefer).  Multiple reviews have cited the apparent tribute to Master of Orion 2 in this game's design, and I concur.  But it is not a clone nor living under the shadow of MOO2.  It is its own game, beautiful and new.  The music and graphics lend a lightness to the atmosphere.  It is family-friendly, errr, if mass starvation due to poor colony planning can be any kind of friendly thing.  Cough.My hunch is that disappointed players are those who expected a torrent of new mechanics and concepts and, in general, a game that takes itself entirely too seriously and favors esoteric and obtuse mechanics.  I can't say exactly how hard the game is, not having played far enough into it.  But I will really enjoy getting to that point and recommend Stars in Shadow heartily if you're looking for a good 4x time."
,Recommended,464880,29881003,Posted: 12 February,all,Bonaventure,"TL;DR: A very enjoyable successor to MOO2 with great art, a polished interface, superb shipbuilding, and a sharp eye for refining and improving what made its predecessors great!There have been at least a dozen AAA attempts to recapture the magic of Master of Orion 2 -- a game that was simply amazing for its time and still holds up today. I've enjoyed many of those attempts, but ended up disappointed with all of them.Stars in Shadow is wonderful. For once it retains the bedrock elements of the MOO2 experience. (100% TURN BASED! SPRITES SPRITES SPRITES! NO AWFUL 3D STARMAP!) And instead of trying to graft weird new systems onto the formula, it simply tries to *make MOO2 better.* And in most ways, it does!The art style is fantastic -- far more vivid and colorful than MOO2, but not ""silly."" The writing, also, is straightforward and competent. It takes its own technobabble seriously, which I require. And it's never just goofy or campy. (For some reason, a lot of games in this genre -- I'm looking at you, Galactic Civilizations -- have terrible fourth-wall-breaking text that ruins the whole experience for me.)You might be disappointed at first that there aren't more factions, and that they're not customizable. Me too, a little? But these factions are *different* in more than mathematical ways. I'd rather have seven different playing experiences than twelve or sixteen identical ones.Races get access to different abilities, different hulls, and different starting positions. The Phidi, traders who build flimsy warships but can hire cheap mercenaries, and Humans, who are Galactica-style refugees, really stand out. All have very distinctive art styles for their ships and avatars.There's a lot more variation in the galaxy than you'll find in MOO2. Plenty of minor factions that can grow quite powerful, planetary specials, etc. As with the races, what's here is extremely well-done, and there's room for a LOT more. This game cries out for DLC and expansions and I hope we get 'em.The $25 price point is very fair. This is a game with a professional level of polish. Don't get me wrong: I can put up with a lot of slapdash indie bumbling. But, good gravy, is it refreshing NOT to play a game that's chock-full of it.If you loved MOO2, you're looking at a real good time. Don't wait for a sale, just buy the darn thing! It's worth it."
,Recommended,464880,29366210,Posted: 19 January,all,khab,"After one game played:It's very MoO2-ish, but that's a good thing for me. Whilst certainly derivative, it also adds it's own charm and some steamlining of the formula. The AI seems reasonably competent and doesn't seem to be aggressive just to be aggressive, which is good. It remains to be seen how it fares when one has played a bit.Combat is fun and tactical - turn-based! Having to upgrade every ship by hand is pretty annoying, though, especially coming from Stellaris' very grateful template-based ships.Stars in Shadow doesn't want to be epic and immensely complicated, just a solid Space 4X-game, and it certainly manages that. I reckon I'll be putting some hours into this one."
,Recommended,464880,29411666,Posted: 21 January,all,jjm319,"If you liked the original MOO this is the game you are looking for. I always liked MOO 1 better than MOO 2, but MOO 2 got all the attention and remakes. MOO 2 made the strategic layer too cluttered and too much time is invested each turn fiddling with populations and planet buildings. Moo 1 had a simple strategic layer with fun turn based tactical combat, Stars in Shadow stays faithful to that formula with a simple clean interface, simplified strategic layer and turn based tactical combat. Games are much quicker than Gal Civ III when you are constantly tuning the buildings and strategic layer.This game has done more to scratch my 4x itch than any recent release. I found most recent releases such as Gal Civ III and Stellaris to be too slow to play. Stellaris is a fantastic and complex 4x game but I find Stars in Shadow to be more enjoyable to play.At the date of this review the game still has some bugs and could use more flavor text, game events and exploration events. I would like to see a technology tree implemented and a list view of colonizable planets in range. The developers are still working on the game and i hope to see these implemented."
76561197970932685,Recommended,464880,29487886,Posted: 25 January,all,HotStarFunky,"I'm an older gamer, and turn-based strategy is my fav.  I played the original Master of Orion (MoO), Master of Magic (MoM), and then deeply fell in love with MoO2.    But like me, MoO2 is an old game.Stars in Shadow is sexy MoO2 revisited, yet Stars actually improves on the original MoO/MoO2 by using a simplified UI design + terrific game balance.  Stars also has its own uniquely wonderful art style (check out the online web comic called Outsider--same artist), and the music reminds me a little bit of the 5th element meshed with bits of Star Wars' space operatic movements.  It fits the art direction.For a 2-man development team (one is a LUA programmer, and the other is the digital artist), Stars in Shadow really demonstrates that you can get amazing gameplay and quality without a AAA license.  Each faction in Stars has a very unique approach, and also a really cool narrative.  What happened to the humans?  Where's Earth?  Why are those bird guys not a single faction?  I don't want to give anything away, as for me, the fun lay in exploring each race and discovering that race's narrative on your own.  The 4X genre has many great titles going for it, and just when you thought you'd seen everything, along comes a small development team and surprises you with a novel and refreshing take on 4X space.You can tell that this was a game constructed out of a love and passion for the genre.  This game has soul, man.10/10 would date/marry MoO/MoO2, leave MoM alone (incest bad), and go gay for Stars.  Sorry MoM."
76561198223851072,Not Recommended,464880,29390049,Posted: 20 January,all,jason.gill,"First review. I really like this game, but can't recommend it at this time. It has a great 4X feel, but there are two primary problems with the game as it is now.1 - Like most 4X games there is a technology component. Like Civ games, it unlocks like a tree. However, currently, SiS does not have a way for players to visualize this tree. So, you are left going back and forth through techs trying to figure out how to best progress. It's incredibly tedious, and after playing through two campaigns I'm still not sure how certain brances unlock.2 - In the campaign there are major factions, which can be chosen, and minor factions which are random, and pirates. The minor factions and pirates always have wepon tech that is always mid-game advanced, if you run into them in early game there's no good strategy - you either pay gold you don't have or lose your ships. When setting up your campaign you don't have an option to remove them from the game. In fact, I interacted with the minor factions and pirates much more than with the major factions.Again, there's a lot to like, but these two issues are really rough edges in a game that already needed polish."
,Recommended,464880,32755434,Posted: 24 June,all,Anzhou,"Stars in Shadow is a nice little indie 4X space game. It has unique combat and empire mechanics that set the game apart from most other 4X titles. Stars in Shadow has several massive flaws, but is updated regularly, so this game is at least one to keep an eye on. It has an asking price well below the space 4X juggernauts of Endless Space 2/Stellaris, and as a consequence it's also significantly lighter in features and polish. Despite its flaws, it is a game that I can recommend when on sale.The biggest strike against this game is that, as of this review, it lacks multiplayer. A strong multiplayer community is critical to the longevity of a 4X game, and the lack of one will strongly reduce the game's replayability. If you're not interested in multiplayer, then carry on. But if you're looking for multiplayer, then you should hold off on this game for now.Starting with the bad, Stars in Shadow has the absolute worst snowballing that I have ever seen in a 4X game. There's almost no gate to how quickly you can expand. A single technology will unlock colonization on ANY type of planet in the game. Your population growth rate increases if you expand. Colonizing a new planet increases your strategic range, which increases the number of planets that you can expand to. The only limit is the number of planets in the game and how quickly you can pump out ships. Of course it feels bad when your empire is limited by an arbitrary number that most 4X games impose on you. However rampant snowballing is toxic to 4X games, making luck during map generation more important than actual strategic decisions.The snowballing isn't a big issue if you're a casual 4X player, but anyone with experience in the genre will probably feel it. The game is almost always decided in the early game, and the rest of the game is just a chore until you hit one of the quick-and-easy diplomatic victory types, or grind out a military one.The UI is rather clunky, but it's functional. Ship management is an absolute nightmare to deal with, and definitely feels like the older games that Stars in Shadow pays homage to. Population management is actually extremely compelling and rewarding (sometimes doubling the amount of population a planet can hold if you have the right people in your empire). However, it also becomes a painful chore in the mid-late game, because there's no single screen that unifies all the required information. Tool tips and ingame documentation are poor, but you should be able to pick up all the mechanics after about an hours of play. I have yet to come across gamebreaking bugs, and the most recent patch fixed a lot of the crashes. The game gets extremely laggy late game on a big map, but it's usually decided well before then.If you can look past those flaws, then there's a decent game underneath all of it.There are standard 4X resources: money, production, food, and science. Metal is acquired exclusively from mines and gates how quickly you can build ships. Influence is gained from treaties with AI (or your capital if you're playing the Phidi) and gates your diplomatic interactions. Every unit of population yields some amount the standard money, food, production, and science. You'll stumble across native population that typically has worse yield than your primary race, but hopefully inhabits different biomes. Sometimes you will encounter native population that exists solely to hinder a colony, which motivates the relocation of your own species onto said planet to take up land. Basically like Space Palestine.The combat is instanced, turn-based, and grid-based. It's pretty unique and satisfying, but unfortunately inconsequential. Like many space games, alpha strike is absolutely important and often decides the combat if it's not already decided beforehand. After the novelty of the combat system wears off, you'll almost always use either autoretreat or autocombat. If your combat involves more than 10 ships, you will hate yourself if you try to do it manually. The ship designer is barebones, and your new weapon unlocks are almost always direct upgrades over your older ones. Carriers are extremely strong for most of the game, and you will always want point defenses on every ship after midgame due to the sheer amount of damage that bombers/strike fighters can put out. However, all other weapon systems become pointless as soon as you get the endgame weapon Stellar Surge Beam. It's the longest range, highest damage weapon in the game, and the only meaningful decision at that point is how many of them you want in your fleet.The AI is decent. It declares war on you when you're weak, and is will ally with you when you're strong. Allied victories are surprisingly easy to come across, mostly because the AI doesn't care about who your other allies are (you can easily enter an alliance with two empires that are at war with each other). It's only weakness is that it is incapable of min-maxing and specializing planets, which the game heavily rewards. If you feel lazy, you can leave your production to the AI and you won't really fall behind.Ultimately, Stars in Shadow is a game that pays homage to the older titles of the 4X space genre. It has a charming aesthetic that grows on you, and doesn't take itself too seriously. Sadly, the UI shows my hedonistic seahorse traders using coins that are stamped with the faces of space dinosaurs, but that's only a minor hiccup in immersion. There are significant differences between each faction which makes each one feel unique, but not so much that it increases the learning curve. It's solidly between the Civilization series and Endless series in that regard.Stars in Shadow is not a game to pick up if you want difficult and compelling strategy gameplay. To be honest, I can't quite explain why I liked Stars in Shadow as much as I did. There are major flaws, but the combination of aesthetics and atmosphere made something that I could definitely enjoy."
76561198018291764,Recommended,464880,33526207,Posted: 13 July,all,dark_paladin,"You know what I like about this game?It's a 4x game that doesn't require you to read a hundred page manual to play.  If you've played MOO, Space Empires or or any other game, you can play this one.  It's fun, plays at a good pace, and doesn't get hung up on micromangement.I have recommended it to two friends."
76561198046382146,Recommended,464880,31015665,Posted: 8 April,all,DiscoJer,"Stars in Shadow pretty much hits the sweet spot for a space 4x game. it doesn't really add anything new to the table, but it focuses pretty tightly on the core gameplay.For instance, planets only have 4 buildings - one for money, one to mine metal, one for research, one for growing food. These things improve as you go down the tech tree, but the game upgrades them automatically.Similarly, there's a fairly limited number of ships and weapons. Missile, Carriers, or Beam ships, then they all basically converge into one type that does everything.  There's some choice, but the tech tree is fairly short and manageable.It has turn based tactical combat like the original two Master of Orions (and one of Iceberg's other title, Horizon), but it's somewhat on a cramped map. There is some tactics, but not a lot. Still, it's better than watching pictures of the computer fight itself as in most space 4x games these days.It's fairly quickly paced. I've now played 40 hours and completed 4 games: 2 on regular galaxies, 2 huge ones (90 stars). The latter bogged down my computer somewhat near endgame, with everything getting a bit sluggish. I have a pretty old PC though.It's not a Moo2 killer by any means, but it's a good solid game. Will you be playing it a year from now? Maybe. 10 years? Probably not."
76561197970872713,Recommended,464880,35338664,Posted: 30 September,all,Ana,"This is actually a pretty damned good game. I'd like to see more content and features and found after a few playthroughs that's what it really needs is more options and depth. So they say they have a DLC coming... Let's hope the content has enough to keep me hooked. Oh, and mods. They really need to enable mods. Not having mods will eventually kill this game. Other than that, thumbs up!"
76561198188492985,Recommended,464880,32033386,Posted: 28 May,all,Ranx,Extremely well done. The differences between civilizations isn't just superficial. They play differently and feel different in fundamental ways.Just a well done and well thought out game that is fun to play. It never drags or feels slow.
76561198001958717,Recommended,464880,25522048,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,cmagoun,"Good Stuff:-- There are a lot of parts to put on your ships and tactical battles are reasonably fun-- The art style is awesome-- Planetary buildings are limited so that you aren't constructing 1,000 different buildings on a planet, just to get a +10 manufacturing-- Planetary building encourages specializing planets-- Planetary management is pretty easy in the UINot As Good Stuff:-- The tech ""tree"" is really dull and encourages you to just choose the least costly option-- The tech tree is loaded with military options, and light on civilian options. There needs to be more civilian options... even if we aren't constructing 100 buildings-- Is there a fleet management UI that I am missing?-- Generally, the UI needs work. I would really like to choose multiple ships by lassoing them for example-- They didn't replace the planetary management with anything substantial, so a lot of turns feel empty... and yet somehow, still tedious with micromanaging-- Because you aren't constructing buildings on planets, you end up with a ton of planets generating Research points, or cash, and so you quickly get to the point where you have tons of resources and not much to do with them-- Nothing about this formula is revolutionary... and it feels like the innovative part (having limited building slots) doesn't add much to the gameIt seems like a decent start and I did enjoy my 2 hours with SiS. However, it definitely isn't ready for prime time just yet. If the devs add more to do, and flesh out the tech tree with more non-military options, this has a shot to be a nice successor to MOO2."
76561197975782750,Recommended,464880,27343418,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hazard Redmane,"This is the Kind of Game i was looking for since the good old days of Master of Orion 1 and 2 ^^I'm not the best in making some Reviews or stuff like that but at least i can honestly say that this game starts to evolve into a lovely Juwel that surely can warm the heart of all players who like round based strategic space games with cool events, nice artstyle and some interessting shipdesign ways.If the Developers go on like this with Weekly Upgrades and Notes about all the goodys they do i'm sure that they can make this a game that steps out of the shadow and can get really big ^^-- Hazard Redmane"
,Recommended,464880,29202608,Posted: 12 January,all,5 Bears On Patrol,"I was on the fence for a while, but I think that most of the problems with Stars in Shadow are those either also found in other 4xs (i.e. slow down towards the end) aren't egregious or are going to be removed with further development. It's a very clean MoO design with some interesting changes.End game actually still moves at a fair pace, you've just got to keep an eye on enemy fleets before they arrive. Automation is available. Combat does bog down a little when fleets get large. There are still some minor UI issues left to fix."
76561198046522246,Recommended,464880,25847881,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,spartackus7,"I was kind of saving for ""endless space2""...But this game looks so pretty that i just could not resist! Specially when ""Star Shadows"" its the only space 4x out there, with actual turn based battles...Not only this  as also the fact of being a really smal indie game made by a couple of 4x enthusiasts developers, which by itself is always a great reason to support a Early acess game...So i guess ""endless space2"" Sega and Amplitude guys,have to wait a little longer for my money, and let metell you guys that so far i do not regret my decision even for a bit...I am having a blast with this one, Its exactly what i expected, beautiful,fun and simple without losing the complexity needed in this   type of games. I usually dont make reviews but this guys definlitely deserved it..."
,Recommended,464880,25923819,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Alnor,"IMHO Best 4x space strategy game in 2016. True successor of Master of Orion. I think this is how Master of orion 3 should look like.+Amazing art graphics+Turn based battles+Ship design(Almost SotS like)+Deep tech tree(Not many civilian techs, but who needs them, anyway???)Keep up good work! Thank you for this masterpiece.I would surely recommend this game to anyone, who loves 4x strategies. You wouldn't be disappointed."
76561198002540828,Recommended,464880,33803600,Posted: 26 July,all,Quasi Z,"If you love turn-based tactical starship combat of MOO2, then this is the game you've long waited for.Complaints it is like MOO2 miss the point entirely. The sequels, Starcraft 2 and Diablo 3, didn't reinvent the wheel, and neither has Stars in Shadows. Yet it is not a carbon copy.Streamlined: planetary management offers fewer but far more decisive choices.Improved: added minor races, more meaningful differences between factions, graphics and interface, no tech trading, etc.Research is one area that has been changed, where the merits of those changes are a matter of opinion. The current tried and true system lets you research whatever you wish, but gone are the tense and tough decisions that M002 forced you to make. Admittedly though, some people really disliked this aspect of M002.To put it simply, Stars in Shadows lives or dies by its turn-based tactical combat. Play it with that being your focus, and you'll probably love it."
76561198006839392,Recommended,464880,33414682,Posted: 9 July,all,Uncle_Joe,"Great indie 4x game! Definiately heavy on the MOO2-theme but they pull it off very well. It feels like the game that the new Master of Orion should have been.It's quick to get you into the game, it's intuitive, and it's fun. I think they took the right approach...take MOO2, modernize it with quaility of life features, delete some of the grind, and concentrate on the expansion, battles, and conquest."
76561198040723824,Recommended,464880,26245931,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,UncaJoe,"Of all the space 4X games I've bought in the last 3 or 4 years, this is by far the best.  If you liked Master of Orion 2, you'll find this game is well on it's way to matching that classic.  Indeed, for an early release,  this game is fantastic.  I've got about 70+ hours in it, I think, and I've run into only 2 very minor bugs.  The devs, all 2 of them, are very responsive to questions and comments.  I've never had to wait more than a few hours for them to reply.  And yes, there are things I hope they'll add or change, but I'm OK with that.  It's a work in progress, after all,  If you like 4X space games, my advice comes in two words:  Buy it!"
76561198006391828,Recommended,464880,30161860,Posted: 25 February,all,jmacjmac006,"I got the game today and played 8.9 hours. I promise I will come back and write more later but I just want to throw this out right now. This is a very cool game. What makes it cool, its pretty much the real successor to Moo2 minus leaders and races. (which is on the development roadmap so we will get those in time)It does tactical combat turn based and just like Moo2 you can customize ships. You can also have a larger game world and While there are only 7 races this is made up for by having minor races and encounters in the galaxy, Pirates actualy have some teeth early to mid game. I know this sounds weak but I litereally had to pay a pirate 15 gold per turn for awhile because I didn't want to lose that planet at the time. Yes I got extorted but I assure you I came back and got revenge.The game is very accessible and shouldn't be a problem for any fan of the genre. I just started playing, no tutorial or manual and am doing fine on normal diff on a huge map. You can have small, normal and huge map sizes. My current game is being played on huge with all the current races available and 85 stars, I could of increased the amount of star systems but for balance and a first time play through I wanted to keep it this parameter and see how it did.Pro tip......Click on your wrech at the top left. It gives you a planet report that shows what all your plants are producing. You can easily see what you having being produced and you can easily click on any planet. This is a huge help for managing all of your planets especially when you get over 10 and resources really become a priority on where and how you want them spent. I almost ruined my current game going refit crazy with my fleet before determining an entire refit would be a dangerous waste of resources. Again, clever balance of what you might want as a gamer and what really matters to your empire. Instead of refitting those ships I should honestly just be building new ones and using these old ones as cannon fodder in some battles I need to have to take some system from these friggin star harpies. (thank you battle brothers for sharpening my turned based skills and remembering its okay to have pawns that you don't mind sacraficing.)The technology tree might throw some people off because of how its displayed but this is where I would challenge the player to read the tech description and decide what is best for them both short and long term. The tech tree is very deep.While you can establish trade treaties and tech research treaties there is no ""exhange of finished technologies"". Now I know that might turn off some people but if you really think about it, being able to swap completed techs ruins balance and its a game breaker, it also takes away from strategy on what you really need to focus on yourself for how you want to grow your empires tech. So while I do understand why someone might want tech echange, I really do agree that the current system of research treaties giving you an increase in research is the best way to go for overall gameplay. We all know that we swaped like used car salesman in moo2 and then 20 turns later it was game over. I think this is an elegant solution to us not short changing overselves.I highly recommend this game. They finally got a 4x game right and the development roadmap really looks promising making the game go from good to great to epic once they finish with that. I do think this game will become the best in class standard and example of someone finally being able to improve on our beloved MOO2.EXPANDED REVIEW & THOUGHTS AND TIPSEasily to learn difficult to MasterI am almost completely done with my first playthough Where I will win the game. This was my 3rd start. I started over twice because things I learned while playing was driving me nuts because I am a synergy freak. I like to maximize everything I do and I had wasted a lot of resources my first 2 playthoughs.The game is so accessible that its depth is hidden in plain site. Here are some pro tips for players:#1 techonolgy is going to give your empire all of its abilities, consider the types of ships you want to build and research what is relevant, don't just click whatever is next to get the check mark saying you researched something. The actual tree is very deep even though the way its displayed doesn't give that impression at first glance.#2 Resource management, synergy and maximizing opportunity is a true challenge. Think carefully what you need early and when the time comes convert to specializations so you can make the best use of your planets and the slots they have.#3 Pro tip, you can never ever have to much Metal. Even when you think you can or when you think you do, you can literally suck it all up in a couple turns with later ships or facilities.#4 Keep your trade fleet maxed, this is so important to supporting your fleet and generating a good trade income. I have at least 1 trade hub on every planet for income and moral purposes. The true income, comes from your trade fleet slots that are opened by having markets on plants.#5 Keep a fleet, even a small fleet will prevent others from attacking you to early.#6 hire mercenary ships. I almost want to say they are to cheap to hire and to cheap to maintain. If you are able to they can't make all the difference between winning and losing at crucial times.#7 You only need a couple planets focused on building. You won't be able to produce enough metal if you go the slow and balanced way towards the end.#8 Have fun! Hope you enjoyed my review!"
76561198123733147,Recommended,464880,29015051,Posted: 4 January,all,jackfox415,"So with a few hours so far played what can I say about SiS... well simply put it is a interesting concoction of MOO 1 and MOO 2, sprinkled with a dash of beautiful retro artwork. If you liked those two titles, you will quickly find that there are many things likeable about SiS.....yet in the same vein it is constantly comaparable to both titles, and this is where I found myself struggling to click ""next turn"".I understand it is early access, and many things are yet to have descriptions or even be totally complete; but SiS feels like a clever pretender, trying hard to mimick what made MOO2, in particular great to go back to....... I desperatly want to love this game, and I will persevere; simply because the things that could set it apart and possibly greater than the original 4x masterpiece is the very concepts dashed into the game that give me hope that SiS is going to do what MOO 2 never tried to do.Diplomacy. It feels the same but SiS is just starting to break out of the sandbox and give real possibilities of giving this game more than ""conquer thy nieghbour"" which ultimatley most similar 4x games become to any experienced player.Priates, Mercenaries, and Minor races. Love this aspect, as it gives so many more strategic posssiblities and challenges, and of course deepens the diplomacy.Rebellions. As with the above, any junior conquerers are ultimatley going to suffer from constant strife as they maintain a war with a race, as they assimilate thier populations, even peacful citizens become ardent militias in the face of your rolling war machine.The above three things are elements that give me what I really didnt know I wanted from MOO2, yet now understand what really could have been. I just hope that Ashdar games sees what this could be and make it truely great."
,Recommended,464880,34685138,Posted: 2 September,all,Thrabalen,"Ultimately, the question is this: Are you a big classic Master of Orion fan? Because to me, this feels like Master of Orion 1.5, and that's not a bad thing. But if those two games specifically didn't interest you, you won't find much here. It's a great entry into the turn-based space 4X genre (which doesn't get much new these days), and I really enjoy the flavor of the game.THE GOOD:Visuals are clean, and the art style is simplistic but enjoyable.Multiple planets per system and the ability to colonize to your heart's content.Lots of tech to research, and you get to choose which to tackle.THE BAD:The art style may turn off some, given the cartoonish feel.The diplomacy has no nuance. Have a lot of ciplomacy points? That's all you need to dictate terms to another race.The largest map still feels too small.No Steam Workshop!THE REST:A suggestion. Allow us to select our own color, symbol, and faction name. Maybe even pictures for advisors and leaders."
76561198009721934,Recommended,464880,25527383,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,vidalaac,"A very nice game for those who like turn based gameplay both in the strategy and the tactical combat side... it is still being developed and so there are lots of things yet to be implemented, but I played it for a while and with no bugs or crashes.I admit I am a bit disappointed with one of the aspects of the game though. The visual style of the game is one of its selling points - Jim Francis (a.k.a. Arioch) is responsible for a great online comic (Outsiderhttp://well-of-souls.com/outsider/outsider000.html)and I really loved the way he was able to create a nice homage to both MOO2's Elerians and to the *space elves* concept in general... and that comic is not only visually good it is also very well written in my opinion.Unfortunately, Stars in Shadow doesn’t have enough of the rich environment present in the Outsider storyline. I knew it was to be a completely different universe, but I expected to see some of the pattern of diplomacy and war and also the varied playstyle resulting from the differences of the races. The backstory is there, but there is not enough emphasis in the game to any of those elements, not yet… it is there, but it is still in development and there are many things that are just hinted in the descriptions… nevertheless I believe it will get much better later on… and it is very nice as it is."
76561197972526401,Recommended,464880,25518329,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Brushes,"Just released to beta but they're off to a great start, and I really like the direction the games going; combat system feels like a table top game too so +1 for that! :D"
,Recommended,464880,29410654,Posted: 21 January,all,Ellye,"Before giving this positive review, it's important to emphasize that this game is relatively simple and somewhat ""barebones"" as far as 4X games go nowadays.Ok, with that in mind: this is a nice, relaxing, well-done game. It has a distinct look and feel, it generally feels more upbeat than most space games that tend to go a ""cold, depressing void"" route.One very positive thing that I have to say about this game: the machanics are explained in great detail directly in the game interface. Every strategy game should do that, but many don't.Overall, I recommend this as a more relaxing, laid-back 4X game. I'm looking forward to see where the developers go from here, in terms of updates, DLCs and/or sequels."
76561198029300088,Recommended,464880,25594747,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"Subject to editing as we go along:With the 20% discount I can be real sport about buying an Early Access game.  As with many EA games these are really beta versions working out the final kinks and adding the polish to allow this rough cut diamond to shine among its peers in the 4x space genres of games. For those who play games such as MoO (Masters of Orion 1/2/3/new) or the GalCiv (1/2/3) there won't be a steep learning curve here.  Despite at this time a lack of tutorial, the interface while not being super intuitive, does the job and with a bit of experimentation you can find what you need quickly.The artwork, is a treat, a real homage to early space games with it cartoonish feel. That does not detract from the game one bit.  The game in my opinion is a lighter 4x affair with a limited building options for planets, there is really only a few resources you need to manage, like Food, Money, Minerals and Research.  Want more money build transports, and send them out to trade, trade is very abstract, you don't have to pick a destination just works.  Minerals, mine them off our planet by building mines. Want more food build a farm. Want to increase levels find a technology and research it.The tactical space battles are enjoyable and better than MoO or GalCiv3 where you just watch and hope that you are bigger, better, and faster than the next guy.  Here in SiS  you have a chance if you play your tactics right.  Ship design is easy you pick a shape, drag the components, rename and save.  More technology, gives you new choices and technologies you can add.At this time aside from a crash or two, it does give you the ""Just One More Turn"" feel we all love.  The developers are active on the forums and respond to many posts, for the crashes and suggestions.  While not everything may not get into the initial full release, it should offer some great time wasting play value.Right now I will give the game 8/10 for EA to entice those on the fence to buy the game and post the issues and suggestions that could make for a fantastic game."
76561198006991494,Recommended,464880,35256443,Posted: 28 September,all,DocMooncalf,"Compared to other modern 4X games (GalCiv 2/3, Endless Space 1/2, Stellaris) Stars in Shadow (SIS) feels rather light. Most core features are all there, but everything is simplified. You could call it streamlined, if you want to give it a more positive spin.The elephant in the room is Masters of Orion 2, to which everybody compares SIS and rightly so. SIS does not offer much improvement or any game changing ideas to the grandfather of space 4X. But on the other hand, there is a reason why MOO2 is considred one of the best 4X games ever made, and as clones go SIS, is one of the best.The biggest weakness of SIS, in my opinion, is the AI. While tactical battle AI is OKish, the strategic AI is just not up to modern standards and prone to very poor decission making.Still, SIS offers a enjoyable, slightly more casual 4X experience. It is definitely recommendable, especially during any steam sale.PS:  The DEVs seem to be quite friendly and respond frequently to questions and requests in the (steam) forums. I'll gladly support anyone with that attitude,"
76561198021659577,Not Recommended,464880,29390897,Posted: 20 January,all,Barker DeWoof,"I want to recommend this game, but I simply can't. It's a basic clone of Masters of Orion that lacks any of the polish that the original games had.Races:The races have potential to be interesting, but none of them really are. The racial perks are hardly even noticable within the game itself, and the only thing that might seem interesting -- the unique ships or weapons -- just fall entirely flat. In this aspect, the game is just far too conservative. There isn't enough of a difference between any of the racial choices, aside from Humans, that would actually change the way in which you approach the game. Especially in a 4x, races need to have their own style of play, a way that defines them. These just don't. You'll go into every game with the same strategy regardless of which you pick. Oddly, the perk that might seem the least impactful is the most. The research specializations for a few are far more advantageous than others simply due to the vast number of techs they impact.Tech:Which brings us to the tech ""tree"" itself. The tech line is a completely jumbled mess with little rhyme or reason to it. Unlocking techs is done by researching other techs, simple and makes sense, but some of the unlocks are extremely outlandish. The tech for Battleships which is higher-mid tier can unlock a low level missle tech for seemingly no reason at all.The pacing for technology is also entirely off. For instance, I think there's only 3 techs in the game which expand travel range -- I say I think because I only even needed to unlock 1 which you can get fairly early. There was a 2nd much, much later and following the tree I'm pretty sure I saw a 3rd, but I barely have ever had any use for the the 2nd by the time I reached it. Even then, they come far too late to be of any real use. The 4th tier power supply is easily unlockable before the 3rd tier. Movement on the map is horrenously slow, and I only saw 3 techs which increase it. One that is early, a 2nd that's fairly late and then Stargates which can let you instantly jump between planets. There might be more, but you can unlock Stargates well after the 2nd.As to weapons themselves, they unlock strangely and for seemingly nothing. Lasers are the 1st weapon unlock and they are entirely worse than the Coil Gun you start with. The Coil Gun also renders the 1st shield entirely useless as it completely ignores shields and the AI never switches from using it until you've already gotten the 2nd shield. All the mid-tier weapons are essentially useless. They do equal to less damage than the Heavy Coil Gun -- the 1st mod-tier weapon you unlock -- and have a lower range (technically the range is the same, but you can get a range extension mod for the Coil Gun that isn't on anything else. There's also no balance to the random research you can get from certain planets. They've given me muntiple different 3rd-tier weapons right at the start of the game several times which allows you to smash everything.Combat:The combat itself is ... not actually tactical. To be fair, it's the same MoO2 style, but all you really do is slowly move forward in a line and shot at each other. MoO2 at the very least attemped arc with weapon mounts, and this certainly has arcs! But they're all directly forward facing so far as I noticed except point defense which is 360. Even if there were arcs, orienting a ship in combat is janky at best.Also, the auto-combat feature seems to just not work when selected in battle. The AI has a wonderful habit of bringing all their transport ships into battle with them (and moving them up towards your ships too for some unknown reason) but if you select auto-battle after all the actual ships are dead the battle will just end and you won't kill the transports at all.The game has potential, but it simply isn't realized in any way."
76561198001784839,Recommended,464880,29727277,Posted: 5 February,all,Salty Jack,"Considering it was a budget game, this was a worthy effort at making a Master of Orion 2-ish game.Moo2 remains one of my favorite games of all time, didn't like Moo3 or the Moo reboot all that much, but being stubborn I try quite a few of the contenders trying to recpature some of that old magic.The most notable thing is the UI is pretty good, you can tell they spent time trying to streamline alot of the micromanagement.  I like the art assets although I'd call them ""top-end kickstarter"" versus AAA.I played through a game on easy.  I used my basic 4x strategy, expand non-stop, and eventually another race declared war on me.  I took some of their planets and got blockaded, and I enslaved the populace out of spite and used the force labor option to make them hurry up on planetary defenses -- did that a few times and I started getting widespread riots, first of my liberated alien slaves and also from humans -- so i enslaved all the complainers for awhile, until I started to risk losing planets to riots.  Good times.By that point I was the chip leader, and I went into build up the population mode to wind the galactive vote -- seemed like I couldn't and I went for the alliance victory. All I got was achievements, not even a ""one more turn?"" message, no cutscenes. So while the production values aren't bad, they clearly skipped even the Moo2 level of animations and endgames.I do like that you can rename just about everything (except your leader), which adds to my satisfaction on these.  There's no leaders, but the combat is turn based Moo2 style.  In my particular game, I didn't get enough of the combat -- mostly small battles, so I can't say if it held up to Moo2 -- though I hated the Moo reboot RTS.Oh, and it has the absolute coolest save system I have ever seen in a 4x.  You can undo your last move pretty much infinitely.  I didn't like the tech tree, way too hard to figure out what to research or how to say upgrade orbital slots.... that needs work. & I got one placeholder beta message about blockades in the final release.  Also felt diplomacy was not that great.  All I did was make the usual trade treaties, and pretty much incessantly all the aliens asked me for was handouts or to drag me into their stupid wars -- never with any incentive.  And when my people were short of metal or starving, no way for me to ask for the same help.I like how they handled trade ships, I like how metal is a resource... there's no espionage system.  In a way it's a down and dirty Moo2 update... but I've been disappointed so many times with games like this (Gal Civ 3 is the closest contender, and too much into economic mircomanagement for me) that the biggest compliment I can give this game:I started playing over coffee at 5 a.m. today, planning to just play until I finished coffee -- and it's 2:41 p.m. now.  ""Just one more turn.....""I'm hoping it get patches and updates, this could be a great contender."
76561198007122611,Recommended,464880,29467618,Posted: 24 January,all,asc2,"This game is a simplified MOO2, however simplified doesn't mean it is worst.In fact, I think game-play wise it is just as enjoyable but obviously to reach MOO2's legendary status would be very difficult especially because of nostalgia for MOO2The developer is worth supporting for their effort if you're a fan of 4X games and would like to continue to see more attempts at perfecting/recapturing the 4X formula.BTW, one of the thing worth mentioning is bringing back tactical combat. This adds to the game tremendously. The strategic decisions having a direct impact on tactical combat is very satisfying.What many developers don't understand is that some of the reasons why people play TBS instead of RTS is to be able to be in control, take calculated decisions, more details is better not worst. By dumbing down to appeal to a larger audience does not make sense at all. It is as if trying to create the best pizza to appeal to burger fans."
,Recommended,464880,34051011,Posted: 5 August,all,Reelacks,"I've come to really enjoy this game as a lighter weight 4x space strategy game.  The artwork is fantastic, the music fits well with the sci-fi motif, and the game runs smoothe.PROS:Unique ArtworkGreat Ship DesignerGood Tactical Turn Based Combat SystemGood MusicRelatively simple planet/colony mangementCONS:The UI is a bit odd, but there is adequate information displayed.Lacks a good tutorialOverall, Stars in Shadow is an excellent addition to any 4x strategy gamer fan's collection."
76561198009544618,Recommended,464880,29532601,Posted: 27 January,all,Hiruuamon,"This game has made a huge impact on my outlook for 4X space title.  If you look through my Steam Library, I own alot of them, as I play them like some play survival games.  This is a really great one, as it is simplistic on the surface, but as you peel back the onion, you get a delight.  I am likely going to sink alot of time into it, and I'm looking forward to great things in the DLC arena for this game.  I've especially enjoyed the space combat mechanism, as it is very rewarding.  Also, they don't overcomplicate things like development and maintenance and support for your empire.  So many game overthinking it and gimp your fleet to a frustrating level that I spent more time gripping about it...hmprrf...new MOO...hmprrfff, and make it not so much fun.  Anyway, having a blast thus far, and looking for alot of growth in the core game.  Super job in launching this one!!!"
76561198052640562,Not Recommended,464880,31292716,Posted: 22 April,all,huhnmon,Visually really nice it lacks a lot of balancing. It feels more like a Beta-version and not like a finished game.The tactical combat is not tactical at all. The Damage/Hitpoint ratio results in one shot kills and usually the army which is able to shoot first annihilates the other one. Also the concept of 4 shield sectors is absolutely irrelevant. Ships are so veeeery slow that you never shoot at something else than the front shield. Also weapons can shoot over a very long distance compared to the speed of ships. I never saw a midrange weapon fire a single shot because the combat was over before any ship got into that range.There are some nice ideas on the planetary economy like the slavetrading business. Right now the slaves are more nuisance than help because they riot to much (and the game does tell you about the upcoming problem ONLY when you directly selecti the system!) but the basic idea is nice.Summa:If this game sees further development and drastic adjustments in balancing it may become realy nice.
76561198029743753,Recommended,464880,34773206,Posted: 6 September,all,StarFishon,"great game.maybe not complax as galciv3 or stellaris, but still have enough content to please you.the focus in SIS is the war itself, design ship with new components with research and tactical combat with direct control about every weapon\point of defense.i bought the game in 15$, its funny because i think its batter then galciv3 40$,stellaris $40, new MMO 30$, ES1 40$ and stardrive(even that ship design and combat are realy great) 2 30$.the only x4 space game that is batter in my taste is sword of the stars 1 complate and stardrive 2 that come close."
76561198037336320,Recommended,464880,25797989,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Privateer,I love it.A work of art.
,Recommended,464880,29622169,Posted: 31 January,all,Iji Kataiser,"Short and simple: An enjoyable 4x title that is highly entertaining, worth the small price it asks for, but it's glaringly obvious it's limited by it's (currently as of January 2017) fresh state - many features are limited in user-friendliness and there are a host of other minor issues that can stack up to deminish your long-term enjoyment.In more detail:The good.Excellent graphics, game-play and a very charming setting and style. Every faction is different and has a different play-style, something that also makes them easier or harder to play. For example...The Phidi Combine are a faction of highly effective money-makers with good diplomatical skills, making it easy for them to maintain a strong economy and making friends with other factions. When they do, and get trade deals, they also get access to the mercenary enclave, the more factions they get trade deals with, the more merc contacts. This is essential: their own ships are mediocre at best and emphesise support and rear-guard actions, paying for an armada of pirates, slavers and other scum to serve as the meat and potatoes of your fleets is the key to success here.In contrast... the Humans are a fallen race, their homeworld lost to time and space long ago. In their desperate condition they are reduced to drifters, pirates, mercs-for-hire, scavengers and opportunistic survivalists. As a consequence virtually everyone has been attacked by a desperate, starving band of Human pirates at some point and nobody likes you. You start out without a planet, and have to scout for one. Will you make do with the first and best ice-ball you find and hope for the best, or gamble with your time on finding a better planet? Up to you, but the odds are extremely high that, when you inevitably meet alien forces they will A) be stronger than you and B) hate your guts. Human ships are utilitarian and decent at fighting but follow a typical progression, there is nothing really fancy here, no advanced destroyers, no fleet carriers, no early cloaking tech and so on. Ergo, due many factors, Humans are the hardest faction to play by a long margin, making for a good challenge.Graphics are 2D but very likable, everything has a unique and interesting theme to it and every race has different ship designs. Even the Ashdar who are divided into two similar factions trying to rebuild the same ancient empire use different tech initially and get different bonuses and strenghts.Game-play is simple but deep - figuring out what technology works in combat and possibly re-fitting your ships in response to different enemy encounters is essential, for instance if you are very laser-heavy and your enemy has powerful shielding, you are super-boned unless you can re-fit for more kinetic weaponry or missile batteries to counter them. Enemy has a million missile boats? Fit more point-defence etc.Battle is an array of your ships VS the other side's ships arrayed against yours, where you move your ships and target enemies on your turn then watch the response from the other side. This system is, again, easy to understand but harder to master.The negative.Many, many unfinished or lacking features. For instance, late-game managing your many planets becomes a terrible chore. With technology it's possible to build more improvements on your many worlds, by going through this list of potentially several dozen worlds and setting up new buildings by hand is labor you paid to do, and little else. This system alone needs an improvement.Late-game is lacking and laggy as the sheer scale can slow the game down to a crawl. Late-game battles devolve into massive slug-fests as your massive armadas clash with those of the enemy in battles that can take an immense amount of time to resolve manually, contrast this to the many skirmishes that happens earlier where more careful targeting, manuvering and even the facing of your ships is important. Auto-resolve exist but I had to kill the application via ctrl-alt-delete because the enemy's 200+ warships and my 200+ warships auto-resolving a battle that might have taken me over an hour to micro by hand, crashed the game for me. This is a problem with the game having issues handling the massive load of this many ships being rendered in the same battle while taking into account the load-outs on each ship, and their shooting at each other, as well as hundreds more models and pieces of math running at the same time. For instance, the majority of those 200+ ships had missile and tarpedo tubes, making for several hundred fired per turn that the AI had to deal with. It's going to be a challenge to optimizing the game to handle that kind of load.In conclusion:The simple fact is that SiS is limited currently by it's own age, having been in developemnt for a while now it's already a very capable and entertaining game, but it's limitations are clearly showing. I would advice anyone who like 4x games to buy this, play it while it's entertaining, and leave it lie when it wears of and take it back up whenever major changes are done, such as adding new races, mechanics, polish etc. It took me over 70 hours to grow tired of it's limitations, and 70+ hours worth of entertainment for it's asking price is a very, very good deal."
76561197971259511,Recommended,464880,29372027,Posted: 20 January,all,Brancer,"I can’t stress this enough – If you love MOO II, buy this game.For 20 years, we’ve been asking for a game that had the same charm that MOO had, and here it is. It doesn’t have the same customizability as MOO II did, but the tech tree is pretty fleshed out and I burned through 2 hours with a huge grin on my face.Planetary micromanagement, something that always was boring and time consuming is automatically taken care of when you get the next level of requisite tech – this lets me focus on designing warships, and conquering/enslaving the enemy.There are decisions to be made, for example, Humans do not start with a homeworld, so your population is rather light. I immediately encountered a slaver… do I purchase some slaves to bolster my fledging economy, or do I leave. Notice, I didn’t say “Destroy them all” because my pitiful fleet in the beginning is garbage. However, 30 turns later, I returned with a fleet.Diplomacy is novel and interesting, using diplomacy points rather than arbitrary background numbers.But most importantly…Space battles are outstanding. If you were at home with tactical combat in MOO II, you will instantly love this.Support this Indy developer – it’s worth it."
76561198028078361,Recommended,464880,25733658,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,plugger,"This is a very fun, very playable game in it's current form. The UI and game feedback is above average. The developers are responsive and the game will only get better."
,Recommended,464880,28981584,Posted: 3 January,all,Admiral Kirk,"Very fun 4x game, in many ways reminiscent of Master of Orion 2.It has nice art style and old style turnbased combat sure to please alot of old school 4x players.  A very good addition to any 4x players collection.So in short its a fun game and well made game.Gameplay 9/10Atmosphere 8/10Music 7/10Graphics 8/10Replayability 8/10Overall 8/10"
76561198039770894,Recommended,464880,29161537,Posted: 10 January,all,Roguehandle,"For a Early access game, it is still fun to play. Yes, there is some missing content, other stuff they are fleshing out and improving but the base game is fun and interesting. What I really like are the fleet battles. I actually feel like I have control of the ships I take into combat.(hey Devs...let us name single ships please?)In my opinion, this would be a great investment for a future game that should turn out great.Happy Hunting."
76561198070899330,Recommended,464880,34913256,Posted: 12 September,all,Meteor Bear,"Great game!Its a lot like Masters of Orion and thats a good thing. I like everything about this game, its focus on combat, how combat works, the art style and that general feeling of simplicity in a 4x that the original MoO did so well.There does need to be another human group. Some of us are patriots to our species and do not want to command some stinkin aliens.Much better than Infinate Space."
76561198081907256,Recommended,464880,29455525,Posted: 23 January,all,ZetaZoom,"I've played for awhile now and I went in with an open mind. I am newer to the 4X genre of games but I can assure you that this game has given me a new take on the genre of games I would like to purchase. There is so much content in this game and the fact that they are adding more little by little, amazes me!I like the management side to the game and how almost every choice you make may/will influence to an extent on what happens in the long-term. Every single planet you control feels unique and if a said planet falls, it impacts greatly, and you lose a lot. And though I'm not a major fan of the space battles, I know that is not waht the game is about. Every win and loss is major and you tend to get a competitive vibe with the AI, from time to time. There is still so much I have yet to do in this game and I can't wait!This game is 100% something I've come to enjoy and I'm glad to have had it pop up on the store page, I don't think there is any other game I'd rather play right now than, ""Stars in Shadow""."
76561198008271884,Recommended,464880,29676665,Posted: 3 February,all,Anag,"Very nice 4X for what I've played, 20 hours or something. Old school but made with care, with excellent writing and atmosphere and fun mechanics. I also like the visual style which is pretty personal, but mostly well done. Music is fantastic, and battles been nice so far, weapons have punch. If you liked master of orion 2 and waited for spiritual successor, this it is."
76561197966828790,Recommended,464880,33116734,Posted: 1 July,all,Sempiternity,"'Stars in Shadow' is an interesting take on classic 4x games. While not as powerful or flexible as 'Stellaris' it remixes the classic MOO2 look and feel with some very interesting new elements - such as starting the Human faction off with a 'Battlestar Galactica'-esque fleet of refugees, and having two of the playable factions belonging to the same species. It also brings in the epic backstory a la 'Distant Worlds', but mixes it up by having only 3 factions (inc Humanity) as fallen empires, while the rest are newly emergant starfarers. It also beats Distant Worlds's setup by allowing for lots and lots of ""aboriginal"" species, although the scope of the game's map is more akin to MOO2 rather than the vast expansiveness of 'Stellaris' or 'Distant Worlds'. On the other hand, it IS entirely turn based! >_>Additionally, the art style is fabulous, with pleasing ship and character designs, and the interface is smartly crafted, pretty in a functional way, with plenty of tool-tips and explanation to be found on every screen (although there are a few missing references here and there...)All in all, a great MOO2-style 4x game!"
76561197970806467,Recommended,464880,29930213,Posted: 14 February,all,matj654,"Very very very good game. Not the absolute perfection in 4X games, but really close. It is the game that resembles most for me to Master of Orion 2 (I still play MOO2 once or two times a week, since it was released so looong ogo). But this game keeps me playing it instead. I really recommend it."
76561198005590580,Recommended,464880,25595812,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ormtnman,"Crunchiness rating: 6/10Crunchy things:- Turned based everything- Combat is grid based allowing for easier executed ship tactics- Variety of weapons/systems allowing for different strategies- Changing of ship loadouts- Renaming planets (some space 4x don't allow this much to my chagrin)- Variety of racial populaces on planets, each with their own morale.-- An example I bombed a slaver planet and killed some slaves of a certain race, citizens of that same race took a morale hit on all of my planets.Not so crunchy things:- Diplomacy is shallow at the moment.- Some tech in in the game but not implemented code wise (I want my super-dreads)- Ground combat is very shallow.- No modding support. (This could lead to EPIC mods)- No custom races.- No faction color choosing.- Computer combat ai consists only of charge forward and shoot, with a chance of trying to board your ship. Maybe this changes at higher difficulty levels?-- This leads to not needing advanced tactics for the most part except when dealing with very deadly enemies.- Computer strategic ai is not too smart either (again this may not be the case at higher difficulty levels)-- Example: I had a massive fleet and conquered most of the galaxy. There was one race that had been my ally from the start that I isolated in one star in the corner through my expansionist tactics. I made a huge fleet to go against one of the slaver planets. Apparently having slaves really paid off because their one ship mauled my fleet, leaving me mostly defenseless. The only race that thought to take advantage of the situation (there were two much larger ones on my ""northern"" border) was my erstwhile ally with his one star and puny military. That race declares war, but doesn't move any fleets, 1 turn of instabuilding some massive battleships thanks to me hoarding money through trade, and I conquer his star within 10 turns (most of which was ship travel time). Not. Real. Smart.- Humans do not have a hard start contrary to their description.Given this I still recommend this game. It reminds me of the old Master of Orion II game I played as a kid.This game has immense potential and from what I see, I know they will get there. Most of the non-crunchy bits I mentioned will be addressed by the end of development, I am sure. Support the dev so they can get there!I will update this review if I hear/see more."
,Recommended,464880,29449458,Posted: 23 January,all,Tyron,Be hated for not having a strong military.Be hated for not having prominent research done.Be hated for not having enough finances.Be hated for not having enough colonies.This game basically teaches you how not to get bullied.10/10 would get bullied again
76561198001145666,Not Recommended,464880,29502570,Posted: 26 January,all,george,"Depends what you're looking for.I would call it Moo-Lite, and it is a fun and easy introduction to 4X gaming.However, if you are like me and want an updated and enhanced MOO2 (along the lines of DW or Stellaris), you will be disappointed. It is lacking espionage, tech trading, a tech tree, an overall detailed list of planets (neither developed nor explored) or an empire comparison chart. The ships are always slow, until stargates (but by that time the game is basically over), the battles are tedious (too small a playing field and too slow). The ship design is restricted - not enough system slots to do the fun stuff.  Colony automation cannot be specialized, and you cannot save a build menu. And where are the monsters and super planets?I tried SiS a few months ago in beta, and thought it looked promising, but I think it was rushed out before complete and polished. (The terraforming is totally opague).A final hint - you'll want mines, lotsa mines!"
76561198065309932,Recommended,464880,25674402,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Priestie,"Fan of the original Master of Orion 2?  Disappointed that the majority of space 4X games have become indistinguishable from RTS games (including the remake of Master of Orion :l)?  Need something to tide you over while waiting for Endless Space 2?  Then this might be your ticket.This game is still very much in early access, and it is very much incomplete.  The UI (especially the research tree) needs some work, balancing isn’t by any means close to being done, and sometimes the diplomatic AI seems a little bi-polar.However, at it’s heart this game feels very much like the game I’ve been trying to find ever since Master’s of Orion 3 turned out to be a colossal black hole of disappointment.I’ll revise my review once the game is released, but it is absolutely on the right path!"
,Recommended,464880,34802870,Posted: 7 September,all,twofacedcat,"This game is amazing. I had never played a 4X stratergy game before in my life. Or a turn based one as a mater of fact. But this games wonderfull artwork, fun playstyle and overall feel makes it one that i would recomend to all of my friends and everyone who is looking to buy a 4X game."
76561198097946323,Recommended,464880,25622500,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Dragnir,"Definitely better than MoO Conquer the Stars, Gameplay is on a Strategic 2D space map with several solar systems, this is a Good game with excellent alien design, like space Dinosaurs, UI is helpful at managing multiple planets in few time once you learned it.Best game feature is alien interaction with every type of planet: on your starting planet you may have just one dominant specie but some planets can have 2 or more species.Some species, for example  sea-dragon Phidi, are better suited for Ocean Planet, Dinosaurs for Arid/garden planets ecc, this can improve (or decrease) growth rate and production on the planet.Tutorials have been added to smooth the learning curve of the gameFor me this is the true spiritual successor of Master of Orion and more exciting than Stellaris and Distant World.About diplomacy, Galactic Council, and final tech are all implemented.Thanks to effort of the two developers this game has receaved weekly updates, evolved until it left Early Access after only 4 months."
76561197987301516,Recommended,464880,30473879,Posted: 12 March,all,barkogy,"After playing the game to the end, I decided turning my review ""positive"".At the beginning of the game you say: not bad, however too simple for a 4k.- You have only 4 type of buildings. Planetary construction is simplified.- Graphics is also khm....like a cartoon.- Star map is simple also.- Ground combat has basic selections buttons, thats all. Drop bombs. Do not drop. Invade. Do not invade.- No research map. Probably this is the biggest drawbackWhat I Iike...- Research is delivering multiple ship parts- Ship design is logical and somehow, simple but nice- Need to consider multiple factors when selecting your next research- You can trade with pirates and get slaves (later you can free them up)- You can mix population, deal with locals, robots, etc.Let's wait for the research tree. Turn based ground combat would be fine also."
,Recommended,464880,30223913,Posted: 27 February,all,SoulMan,"A solid indy 4X title.  While it lacks the depth of most of its competition, it makes up for it with good ship building, entertaining combat, and a simple management system.  I also really dig the art style and the unique features of each faction.  Unlike other recent 4X titles, this one actually has turn based tatical combat, meaning the decisions you make when you design your ships matter, making for a very enjoyable game-play loop.  Of the games taking points from the Master of Orion series and other old 4X games, this one and StarDrive 2 came closest to the mark in my opinion."
76561198048279976,Recommended,464880,28953846,Posted: 2 January,all,Dragonmaster13,Closest successor to MOO II to date. If your not a fan of the 3D combat of other 4X games and want the old school tech tree & feel of MMO II battles this game is for you. I've been looking for this game for 15 years!! Simply Awesome.
76561198005755324,Not Recommended,464880,33543311,Posted: 14 July,all,Mr. Tex,"Somewhat like Master of Orion but with much less possibility and complexity. Stars is actually more of a 1X game since the only way to win is to defeat everyone militarily, to be the aggressor, money and research status are not important come end-game. Trading is pointless, as only a few of the other factions are willing to trade and there's only two things to trade for in practice. Diplomacy is too simplistic to be useful, and ""friends"" can attack you as easily as enemies.The autobuild function completely ignores the resources you are lacking and are in need of. Picking a different race has no noticeable effect on the gameplay. OK at best, 3/5."
76561198007515671,Recommended,464880,30087401,Posted: 21 February,all,ergie,"Thanks for this game. Very enjoyable. Very moo2-ish. But with some innovation, fantastic art and two hyper communicative devs. Bravo."
76561198001983352,Recommended,464880,30021327,Posted: 18 February,all,Orinoco,"This is a very solid 4x.Gameplay is fairly conventional, but it's fun.Visually the game and art direction has a lot of character and personality.Also the game is very moddable. If you know a bit of Lua you can change pretty much anything just by editing text files."
76561198018018856,Recommended,464880,30358680,Posted: 6 March,all,ken.withrow,"Excellent - This will be a crowded year for space 4X - but this really stands out,  Buy the game so the developers will keep releasing new content  - A ckassic"
,Recommended,464880,33122981,Posted: 2 July,all,1+1=,"8/10Very good game. Nice graphics, varied races, and devs answer to questions. However there is no customisation and I can't make a totalitarian human empire."
76561198000543561,Recommended,464880,34088554,Posted: 7 August,all,Tanaka,"New review from Tom Chick:http://www.quartertothree.com/fp/2017/07/19/stars-shadows-finds-place-sun/#more-43695Could not agree more. And now after a new balancing patch this game is even so much better! And a new DLC is on the way:http://steamcommunity.com/games/464880/announcements/detail/1430307963817159301http://steamcommunity.com/games/464880/announcements/detail/1341359336482820570Want MOO2 with better graphics, bigger maps, better turn based combat, and more stuff? Well it is finally here for me.I am trying a new game as the Gremak slavers and having a blast. Capturing slaves and allying with pirate marauders. Striking out of nowhere with my cloaking device and close range torpedoes. There is so much more to this game than even MOO2 had. Each race is really cool and different! Not many games where I don't have a favorite and want to play all of them.Put on some Star Wars music and I am in Space 4X heaven. This is finally the modern MOO2 I was always waiting for! But better! Yes I said it. Better than MOO2!"
76561198042459136,Recommended,464880,30306593,Posted: 3 March,all,ax-dettmer,"This game certainly is a worth a recommendation for people who try to dive into 4x space games the first time.Its nice to look at,has a pretty intuitive UI and is not complicated to handle. Also its not a resource hog and willrun just fine on even an average office pc.In general the gameplay is simplified to that point that the player never looses the oversight,but detailed enoughthat it keeps him or her busy and focussing the mind on tactics. So,imho,in that respect its well balanced.The difficulty of the game depends not only on the main choice of difficulty the player choosed pre game,but alsodepends on the race the player choose. Which is a pretty fine raster of difficulties to choose from.Anyway,SiS certainly can be further improved and expanded,but it stands on a solid base as it is now."
76561198030821495,Not Recommended,464880,29508995,Posted: 26 January,all,mtspace2326,"i really wanted to like this game, but sadly as much as it tries to emulate MoO2 it falls short in every regard.-the tech tree is a bothersome and unintuitive mess-every other system you find either has space harpies or pirates. thats it, one or the other-production and colony management is bland at best with no real distinguishing factors between any of your worlds-zero race customization-space navigation and combat seem to require far too much clicking for a simple action.-pop ups. oh god the pop ups, even if you limit themif it were still in early access i'd be excited to see where it could be going with this framework, however as a full release theres nothing to distinguish it as anything but a good idea that never quite got finished"
76561198041553585,Recommended,464880,29373807,Posted: 20 January,all,roslolian,"This game is the best indie Space 4X game, period. It lacks the shine and polish of triple A 4x games like Civ or Stellaris, for example, but at the same time it's way cheaper and doesn't need the latest and greatest machine to run either.This game is perfect for a lazy afternoon of gaming, you can play it when you want to relax or you want to be able to do something else while gaming. It also perfect for people who want to try Space 4X games without dumping 60 bucks+++, this game will provide a very enjoyable and fulfilling experience of the genre, and the turn-based and simple but solid game play mechanics harken back to the classics like Masters of Orion 2, making the game easy to learn but hard to master.I highly recommend it, especially if you're gaming on a budget this will provide hours and hours of entertainment at a very cheap price."
,Not Recommended,464880,29494424,Posted: 25 January,all,Aqualisk,"Unfinished and basic.Those are the two descriptors I would use to describe Stars in Shadow. The game is a 4x very much in the vein of Masters of Orion. If you like turn based 4x games, this one will be very familiar to you. Unfortunately, this game is currently very derivative and offers little unique gameplay. The gameplay that it currently has is watered down versions of what you see in other titles with nothing that makes it unique. The planet management, exploration, and diplomacy especially are very barebones. This game feels like an early access title with its limited features and unfinished systems. Diplomacy, for example, isn't even fully implemented. You cannot actually buy, sell, or trade with your neighbors even though the option exists. The amount of playable races is very small and they are virtually the same. You can easily win diplomatic victory with the snake slavers or the diplomatic fish, it doesn't matter.If this game receives signifcant update to its system I could see it being good, but right now it's just half baked and boring."
76561198041011104,Not Recommended,464880,29617853,Posted: 31 January,all,Nicolaus99,"It's... pretty bad and falls short of most that have come before it.  Plays a whole lot like an ""updated"" Master of Orion 2 while managing to come out much worse at the same time.  In fact, just play MoO2 instead which came out in 1996; far better gameplay and even comparable graphics aside from the old school screen resolution.Cons:Ship Construction is severely limited, usually FORCING you to put X item in Y slot and damn few slots there are and some very limited weapon selection.  Why did they even bother with the designer if I have so little choice of what goes into the ship at all?  Quite possibly one of the worst you'll see in a 4x title.  The 20 year old game this is based on has SO much more freedom and variety in design.Combat is basically MoO2 but with some added awfulness.  How do you screw up fleet starting positions?  Two deployment zones, have at it; but nooo, deployment range here STRETCHES depending on if a defending fleet is present.  Late game you cannot even DEPLOY anything smaller than a Death Star without it being auto destroyed by ground based death beams because it will auto spawn INSIDE the enemy gun range.  Darth Vader executed an Admiral for exactly this and for good reason.  AND the deployment grid is so small that your ships easily crowd eachother in and Palpatine only knows why your Death Stars will deploy BEHIND the entire fleet, so far from the enemy that they cannot even fire their super beams.  Late game is so broken that combat wise, you should treat this more like some trashy mobile title.Ground Combat is also MoO2 with the added variety of building tanks like you would starships to do the heavy ground lifting, otherwise you have to march X Million citizen units as very fragile ""militia"" that tanks gobble up with ever increasing ease as they upgrade from tank, hovertank to mecha.  By late game, I had more planets building new tanks to feed into the grinder than I did warships, and by a tremendous margin.  That adds a lil' variety but by the end, it just felt like a chore as I cycled empty transports home to refill.Diplomacy?  Trade?  Sort of but not really.  You can earn Influence like currency to spend on X static agreement but there is no negotiation whatsoever.  No haggling based on your relations.  NO TECH TRADE.  In fact, never exchanged X coin for Y product at all other than to rush my own industry.  Tried; supposedly raw metal (your production chokepoint) and planets are available for trade.  But when $3000 (an impressive sum, insta build almost anything 9 times over) for 100 metal (1/3 enough for a measely Destroyer) is rejected by everyone while ALLIED with everyone, I didn't even bother.  And no, the AI will NOT display a suggested price.Extra Negative on Trade and AI.  See, you have to disband ships/stations/facilities that you cannot afford the upkeep on.  So if you have a large mutual trade deal with a rival, then cancel it (to test your new Death Stars on them), this can result in such a loss to your opponent's economy that ALL their ships and stations will just vanish into thin air because the AI is too underdeveloped to keep its house in order.  This kills end game play.  You build up all this stuff to smash to great big fleets together and you are robbed at the end of your war preparations because the AI can't maintain an economy on NORMAL difficulty.  I suspect that if you up the difficulty, it just throws free stuff at the enemy.And FLUFF!  What fluff?  They barely have any unique dialogue between species and pitiful little of that.  I've seen more Lore from a door to door Jehova's Witness.Pros:The individual races DO have distrinctive play styles with some unique ships, techs and abilities.  Really, all the creative thought went here instead of the basic game design.  This is offset by the fact that you cannot build a custom race.  You have to pick a preset species or gtfo.Oh... oh gawd, I have nothing else good to say about it.  Ooh!  It has a race of seahorse merchants who can hire mercs to fight for them!  It's just a cute gimmick but at least that gives me TWO nice things to say.But really, play something else.  Stars in Shadow is somewhere in the bottom 3'rd of its breed."
,Recommended,464880,29535659,Posted: 27 January,all,unquietwiki [Reddit],"I make this recommendation, with the caveat that there are still some bugs in need of addressing. Having had made two playthroughs, its a promising, and simple, take on 4X space strategy. Frankly, being able to make Stargates and Dread Stars is terribly amusing. But it is missing some of the polish I've found in other games of this genre. It is my hope those are fixed before I try completing some more playthroughs."
76561198016943128,Recommended,464880,29467230,Posted: 24 January,all,wrathtribe,"So I finally finished a game with 99 stars and while I was on my way to obliterate each and every remaining opponent with several 6 dreadstars fleets moving around and bombarding planets (the less tedious way to win is sadly to be a genocidal maniac) and well a galactic council vote gave me the option to claim victory right away, so I did take the laurels as the Yorals instead of finishing off sentient species militarily.After also trying to quickly check how other races play out, I decided to rewrite my original review.So Stars in Shadow (SiS) is a Master of Orion-classic-style inspired 4x with its own unique artstlye and ""lore"". Its economic gameplay is simplified to the extreme and you can build either factories, mines, markets, farms or labs on your planets which you will usually specialize. Planets have sometimes specials like precious metals or artifacts, or local populations along with their basic stats of mineral richness or fertility rankings which kind of define what they are best used for (i.e. mining worlds, farming worlds, or economic/research/production worlds if they aren't fit for the formers). You may also grow and move around the autochton species if they provide desirable bonuses in your attempt to optimize your empire.The focus of the game is on the battles, which is again a simplified version of the tactical combat of Master of Orion 2, with some refreshing ideas like the group order (double click on a vessel to select all vessels of this type) and you can enjoy a cartoonish yet visually very satisfying skirmish, although a bit shallow at the end of the day. Of course as part of the concept, the ship design is an important feature of SiS which took the stance of switching cargo space for energy and introduced another limiting factor in the shape of hardpoints. Until the end game, the concept works marvelously as even the early frigates and destroyers have a role to play in the battles as specialized units (i.e. as flak boats for example). Of course when the late game beam and siege weaponry appears, then there is no more way to mitigate damage and you have to go big.Sadly, in terms of weapons design, it is pretty streamlined and nearly every tech is an upgrade of the previous one as every weapon of a certain type has the same range. So it doesn't provide much of a controversy for the player and as soon as a superior tech becomes available its desirable to upgrade all the designs available. There are a few weapons that are peculiar like the - again MoO inspired - neutron beam which kills crews members (in order to facilitate boarding and capture) but all in all at the end there are few options or depth to what configurations will work best, and even with different hulls setups it ends up being pretty much the same for every race.The diplomacy introduce a concept of ""influence points"" which is a nice idea. Basically you need influence to sign treaties and you need treaties to gain influence. Due to the limited options - and provided you don't play badly - the system falls short pretty quickly as you will end up with much much more influence than you need. It is extremely easy to not get at war with the AI and even the pirate fleets at some point will just poke you saying ""just passing by, is that ok with you?"".Research is beyond classical and works by unlocks, but is yet rewarding as there are quite a few ways to improve your empire and take the lead. Production is also straightforward although you will soon understand the need of specializing your colonies, especially when it comes to mining as even at max tech and even with 50+ fully developped systems under your control you will hardly be able to run more than 3 shipyards when it comes to producing death... or dreadstars.Although SiS feels unfinished and unpolished in parts (terraformation options look like placeholders, lack information or tool tips on the effects) at the time of this review, all in all the game is still an enjoyable 4x-lite (very light) experience with its pretty artwork and comic-style design. Even on brutal difficulty (the only one I tried) I found it way too unchallenging (unless you are very unlucky with the planets in your starting vicinity) but I still had fun playing it. So why the heck should I not recommend it? Well, if you can stand the color blue and want a relaxing nice to look at and easy to grasp 4x, then you should not hesitate.EDIT: Note the devs are very active and several improvement patches, bugfixes and well, free content have been added since my original review. It is therefore possible that some points that I mention in this review are not valid anymore. Draw your own conclusions."
,Recommended,464880,28708437,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Vihuri,"Takes all the good things in MoO2, builds on that and improves some.As clearly stated in the store page, it's Early Access. Plenty of placeholder things at the moment (27/12), somegame crashing bugs, and lots of room for spit and polish. Still, it's a great start and hopefully will blossominto a killer 4X, showing the new MoO and other contenders how♥♥♥♥♥♥is done right."
76561197979173524,Recommended,464880,29476553,Posted: 24 January,all,Korentin Black,"Okay, so the game could do with a few more random events along the way and greater differentiation between the races, but you know what? This is actually really damn' good. I mean it plays like a really, really drawn-out version of MoO II but with a few sweet little touches of its own (I love the ecological niches on worlds, meaning that using different species to populate a planet can maximise its productivity by using all the space). Combat is a bit unremarkable but perfectly serviceable and I kind of like the planet development stuff - enough detail to personalise, not so much as to become pointless micro-management.So yeah, not bad at all!"
76561198097379184,Recommended,464880,29428376,Posted: 22 January,all,zolobolo,"If you are looking for the ultimate 4x space strategy like me, this should be intersting for you. The game is currently my favorite from the available titles for two reasons: it does multiple things better then its competitors, and has more innovations. To be clear: I haven't played MoO2 but I have played the latest installment, GALCIV 2 and 3, and StellarisWhat it does better:- The ART. This game has style, does not feel like a soulless spreadsheet, and its buildings are not blank blocks- Races actually differentiate. Multiple races, and especially the minor ones have unique production values + TRAITS that can influence your playstile (one is immune to moral, another can surpress revolts)- Early Game enemies (especially Raiders) give a good fight so there is something to do with the fleet- Tactical combat is turn based. This concept simply works better for me then hands-off cinema or real-time- Ship refit system is the best I have seen so farInnovations:- Slaves are in this, they are usefull, and have a mechanic- Trading is implemented via a trade pool which serves multiple purposes- Mercenary system which relies on in-game factionsThe game is not perfect. It has some balancing patches to do, and improve the AI, but is still the best I currently see on the market. It trades useless complexity to smart streamline and innovates where needed. Recommended"
76561198149038442,Recommended,464880,26023916,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,dollars202,Great Game Reminds me of MoO2. It still has lots of artwork and diplomats and races to put in but it is a playable game right now.
76561198007646642,Recommended,464880,33004505,Posted: 29 June,all,rudkin852,"Early impression of this game,for me I like the game.At first I fought it was anther bland 4x space game but as you play it you realize they have made an interesting and easy game to learn but quite hard to master.I have played many 4xspace since the Amiga days in the 80s.this seems to be one of the better ones.You cannot move your working units around on planet like Star Drive 2(another 4xspace game I like)or the latest MOO game.(which I don't like).It has no star lanes, good.It has stargates which I like.I am running it with 500 star systems which works well on my machine although my spec is high.Its easy to do some simple text editing. As I like to taper my games to what suits me, I am already on that journey.If you do turn based 4x space games get it, certainly whilst the sale is on."
76561198036501571,Recommended,464880,35094610,Posted: 20 September,all,nguyenandy35,Well this game beat my boredom of stellaris. Nothing againt stellaris.
76561198054952906,Recommended,464880,30055415,Posted: 20 February,all,Luffy,"Summary: Good game and similar to MOO2.The Good: Improved graphics. Most of the features of MOO2 are intact here. Streamlined the colony management (different with MOO2). Can be subjective as I think it too streamlined. :) One feature new to SIS is the growing of minor or native races population. Thot is interesting since it adds another element of colony management.The Bad: Missed some features of MOO2. Missed spying, colony management screen. The only screen you used to manage MOO2. Leaders (Heroes Units) are also missing. Also liked the random events @ MOO2. Another missing will be race customization. The Tech trees can be improved with each category so that you can tell whether you want to advance into certain areas."
76561198080386452,Recommended,464880,28440081,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,MasterGamer,"Definitely a Beta Game as it stands right now. A deal of clever game mechanics and ideas were utilized as compared to other space strategy games. The Low Graphic standing of this games works well for gamers/users who simply seek a game that can work on their system without upgrading everything. Plus as you can undo any mistakes you have made, it works very well for any laid back types out there like myself.However, there is room for improvement. I am just going to leave it to five good areas to improve.- One notable area is detailed area of a solar system, perhaps instead of using the Polaris Sector/Endless Space formula of showing planets in a system, you could instead consider showing system regions and then put planets into those regions, followed by moons of course. Lets utilize our own Solar System as an example, notably you would have a maximum of four regions: Inner Planets (Mercury, Venus, Earth + Luna, Mars), Asteroid Belt (Ceres, Vesta, Pallas, Hygiea) Outer Planets (Jupiter + Io & Europa & Ganymede & Callisto, Saturn + its four biggest moons, Uranus + its four biggest moons, Neptun + Triton & Proteus) Kuiper Belt (Pluto + Charon, Haumea, Makemake, Eris + Dysnomia). This could work by having two new size categories of worlds (dwarf and petite) in which a planet can have a moon so long as the moon is one size smaller than the planet unless it is a binary planet (Pluto and Charon). Asteroid belts are likely to have only dwarf and petite size worlds. You also have the prospect to join structures within an increasing system dynamic as you progress through techonology. So you may start off with your moons being structured independently from their host planet, but as your technology improves, you can then group the investment and aspects of your moons with its host planet making it easier to use all of your labor from each moon in support of its host planet. This could proceed further to an entire section of a solar system to the entire solar system it self.- Another could be varied solar systems such as having multiple stars or having a neutron star, pulsar, magnetar or black hole. This may involve building certain structures around stars as well as certain stars to grant you more bonuses and unique gains for your system and overall empire.- Another good idea is a section manager, now this I would argue should be optional as should be any automation in general. When you have the prospect of having a very large game (500 systems), it can be kind of daunting to say the least in managing that many systems. Easier would be to manage sectors, which in turn manage systems for you, but this is after you have a good number of systems under your grasp. Again, optional as you have people who love micromanaging.- Succession Manager. Think of Crusader Kings 2. Now this is quite ambitious, but it can be kind of basic (more like the animated mods of Crusader Kings 2). This is due the fact you will have the same leader even when a thousand years have gone by.- Lastly, you can spend a great deal of just clicking the ""next turn"" button just to advance in the game and that can ruin the game play immersion as each turn should possess its own relative importance. Therefore, you should have events that transpire and can alter the dynamic of the game during each turn. I suppose you can use your own imagination, but think about games you have already played that are space oriented and think of what exciting events could transpire to give you a decision in how things might proceed as you continue that click the ""next turn"" feature desperately waiting for something to get built, enough money to rush it or just the next available technology. Explorating events is also a good idea as well, including an exploration feature when you reach a solar system and you have to spend time to actually explore the solar system rather than know what is there the very turn you show up.Ultimately, I highly recommend this game, both to help out the developer, but also a new refreshing taste at how to design a game about colonizing and exploring space."
76561197970755243,Recommended,464880,33913534,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr W,"Old school 4x game, but very good.  Reminds me a lot of MOO (more than most modern ones do)."
76561197968413283,Recommended,464880,25572513,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ShadowDragon8685,"As you might expect from an Early Access Game, there's some bugs and a lot of missing/poorly explained features in Stars in Shadow. Diplomacy is basically nonexistant, there's only one map shape ""rectangle with irregular stars,"" some of the intended player empires aren't available for player use yet, some artwork is missing...That having been said, Stars in Shadow is still pretty playable. The combat is working well (Protip: missiles and fighters are an intentional trap option, most ships have at least one hardpoint for point-defense and all of them can mount it if the person making it wants to use extra turret space for PDs,) the economy works well, and the population system, although poorly explained in-game, works well. I expect it's only going to get better, and is well worth $20."
76561198010708806,Recommended,464880,34342542,Posted: 18 August,all,ChuKoe,I really enjoy this game. The combat is fun. The empire management is good. Endless Space 2 should have taken notes from this game.
76561198105189059,Not Recommended,464880,31911116,Posted: 22 May,all,Knight1131,"This game plays like it is still a Beta testing game that needs significant improvements.  Some glitches and game crashing, forcing a restart.  Could use improvements, such as keyboard controls, mouse click and drag to select multiple items, increased building queue size, customization of race, etc.  Nice game idea, but needs improvement.  Tried asking for a refund from steam, but was over the game time limit."
76561198086439116,Recommended,464880,29483464,Posted: 25 January,all,NaytchSG,"Still in my first game but really enjoying the focus on turn-based combat.  I have had one CTD in 50+ hours on a couple of years old MSI Leopard laptop.  Game does lag a bit on AI turns on larger maps during end game.  UI needs some polish... tech tree, some placeholder screens on terraforming.  But the game gets so much right.I bought it on sale for $18, retail of $24 still a great price point.  If you ever lost hours of sleep to MOO2, this should scratch that itch.4/5 in currnet state, can only get better as devs continue support."
76561198061570988,Recommended,464880,25647150,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Shade,"Honestly , this is Master of orion 2++I love the design the easy and yet informative UIthis is really the next gen MOO2the only thing i really need them to do (Except finish) is promise me we will have huge 500 planet or more galaxies"
76561197994333970,Recommended,464880,29671502,Posted: 3 February,all,csatrad,"I really enjoy this game due to its inntuitive UI and belive it or not GAMEPLAY!It is soo easy to do anything, it gives you information about anything by a click away and it squeeze in a bit of lore even in the tiniest knucks and craanyies to keep you immersed.However the diplomacy is ridiciliusly overpowered if you want an easy win and kinda removes the challange all togather.The trading with major factions is not working at all, if it would then it would give a waaaaay better gaming experience through diplomacy.I would suggest to make the alliance victory only if you are voted galaxy councelor and give us a way of earning votes other then simply be more of us.I encourage everoyne to get this game beacuse the gameplay is so fun! I played it throug 2 times and started over like 5-6 times :D"
76561197972388500,Recommended,464880,28492880,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Cobthorn,"I absolutely love it! The combat system is good, along with the other features in the game. The graphics and OST are also fantastic! I really do wish I could buy the soundtrack!"
,Recommended,464880,29408515,Posted: 21 January,all,Hellios,"Overall a pretty good game, 8/10 in my book.The good stuff:I really liked how diplomacy works, you have a starting number of points and as you interact, that goes up or down.Ship customization is easy to use, but in some cases, somewhat limiting also, but that isn't really bad, justs forces us to research more or use alternate strategies.Colony management is well done, population is smart enough to not need to be assigned to specific roles. You can customize colonies by filling ""upgrade slots"" with a building. Really nice not to have to go back to each planet with new discoveries and having to retrofit everything.Definite plus.The less good stuff:No race customisation!So far, I've managed to win all games without reaching the end of the research tree. I've tried to continue playing, but it keeps saying ""You won!"". I know it, I just want to see the rest of the research and how nasty ships can get. Or finally build a planetoid ship!A few turns have a VERY long ""AI turn"".So overall, it is a nice gameflow with not too much brain power required for play, so goes well with Netflix on the 2nd screen."
,Recommended,464880,29404127,Posted: 21 January,all,Filip,"This is what I've been waiting for for 10 years. They release it on my birthday. If you loved MOO2, you'll love this one.Edited :* Once you learn the systems and have a good grip on the game mechanics, the game gets a new life and all the races and weapons make more sense. So it has lots of replayability. This is not Moo2, but it's sleek and fun and more beutiful.* The Devs are fun."
76561198013020221,Recommended,464880,29411266,Posted: 21 January,all,Kjas,I like it. The graphics are not as pretty as the new Master of Orion but the gameplay is much better. Turn based combat. So you have some idea of why you lost and what to do differently next time. You can design your own ships or live with their designs which are pretty good. Large strategic map to explore and conquer and lots of space monsters to sharpen your skills on before you collide with other empires. I feel more in control than Stellaris although I like it also. Only have 20+ hours right now so we will see if it passes the test of time--- but so far so good.
76561198326307658,Recommended,464880,29438851,Posted: 23 January,all,BlueDemonLaw,"After putting 500hrs on Civ V I wanted to play something in the same 4X genre but with a different twist. I had a lot of choices but it just so happened that Stars in Shadow came out the day before. I've now put in 40 hours this weekend on the game and while there are minor nit picks (with all the wonderful art let's draw some victory or loss stuff to signify the game is over) I whole-heartedly reccomend this game.(A 5v5 dread star showdown for the galaxy sealed my reccomendation) It shines in the way you can refit and modify ships/defenses and the colonization/slavery and the varied ways you can look to win that you would be accustomed to in other games in the genre. It is not the most visually compelling 4X on the market but let's be honest, the look is way down the list when you spend the majority of the game zoomed out all the way to start mapping your exploration/domination/friendship strategy.Bottom line its good, clean, fun and it works which should always be the goal. 8/10."
76561197972061688,Recommended,464880,29439264,Posted: 23 January,all,pete,"I would very much recommend this game. The developer should be commended for creating a very playable game. That said please note that this is an indie game and in places it feels low budget. When I first played I felt let down by the fact that the almost cartoon style artwork does not extend into the actual gameplay but in hindsight I don't know whether that would be better our worse.What you do get is a game that is streamlined and lightweight in a good way.  There is very little micromanagement and the game seems geared up to have less ships per size of empire than other games.  At least it seems so to me.  What does this mean? It means that in the 12 hrs I've put into the game so far, I've completed 2 games and I'm well into my third game.  Even in the mid game the turns can be very quick and this makes it very addictive.I would like to see more races with more variation and a slightly stronger mechanic around native populations but on balance I'd rank this as the best game of its type I've played in some time. Oh and if any devs are reading this then more customisation options when starting a new game please."
76561198159878550,Recommended,464880,29389670,Posted: 20 January,all,avengerofmang,"Pretty solid space 4X - reminds me alot of (the very very old game) Stars!, even down to the map arrangement(a square galaxy?). Planet management is simple and sensible, fleet management is effective(but could be easier - would be nice to designate permanent fleets, for example), and ship design and retrofitting is straightforward. Resource management is well-executed in my opinion - enough resources to require some thought and balancing, and enough variety to result in meaningful gameplay decisions, but not so many that management becomes onerous. Diplomacy seems a bit weak and underdeveloped, but I expect that will improve with future patches. Combat is too tactical for my playstyle and I tend to autoresolve everything, but that's a failing in myself, not the game, and could well be an advantage for many players.I don't know if this has what it takes to compete against something like Stellaris, which has an infinite variety of playable races(something I tend to prefer in games like this), over the long term, but for now it's captured my attention and much of my free time.I realize it's just come out of early access, of course, so I look forward to seeing what changes new updates will bring."
76561198113762774,Recommended,464880,29513128,Posted: 26 January,all,orionpage82,"First off, I am going to say that I really like this game.  I have already put over 27 hours into it and it is very addicting.  However, there are some pros and cons that need to be adressedPros:- Its a game set in space, not many of them are coming out these days and its always nice to see a new one- Ship design is really fun and I enjoy it greatly, although it would be nice if there was a little more debth- Very fun and colorful tactical space combat keeps you entertained- An interesting tech tree which although can be hard to manage at first, is very rewarding once you understand how it works and can build your empire proporly from itCons:- There is no race customization, not even the ability to change a races colors, a very simple thing that is a must have in any game like this in my opinion- Turns, especialyl after turn 150, can get to be painfully slow, sometimes taking up to 2 minutes just to go past a single turn.  And especially when you consider the long periods of time when nothing happens, it can become very boring- The AI cheats.  Unfortunantly this game does what most games do when it comes to difficulty, and instead of making the AI smarter, use tactics and build their ships to counter yours, they simply give them cheats.  On hard mode for example, the second highest difficulty, other races can travel further, build ships faster, produce money faster, and even gain tech faster then I can.  At a point in the game where the total number of people in my empire was around 44 billion people, the 3 AI factions had over 100 billion people- A lack of borders around territory can make it difficult to sometimes be able to tell who exactly is around you- Combat can be a chore especailly once you get into the late game and have massive fleets of ships that you can have to micro manage around- A lack of controls makes it hard to get into, especially if you have never played a game like this before- And finally, my biggest problem; the limitations on travel.  In game there is a system that makes it so that your ships cant go too far away from your territory, and if a fleet is ever seporated from your territory they instantly lose all commands and fly right back towads your closest planet or outpost.  This is painfully frustrating as not only does it massivly limit early game exporation and colonizing, even in the late game, it also makes it a chore to wage a war.  As not only do you need a large number of ships to attack and take on an enemy fleet, you also need a constant supply of outposts in order to be able to push deeper and deeper into their territory, again slowing down game play and making it a chore in order to keep playingOverall, I really really really want to love this game, but I cant.As the game currently stands, I would give the game a 5/10, an average game that is enjoyable, but has some draw backs that can take away from the funIf they were to add in race customization, at a minimum, and make the AI smarter and more of a challange, I could easily give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,464880,29573949,Posted: 29 January,all,LawTalkingGuy,"An awesome 4x space strategy game.  It captures best what the essense of the 4x should be: fun tactical space combat, customized ship building and just enough planet management to make things interesting without being overwhelming once you have a large empire.  All that being said, it's definitely a little rough around the edges.  Nothing a little love from the developer can't fix. :)Things that are already awesome:- Great tactical combat: it's just complicated enough to be fun and for choices to matter, but no more than that.- Ship building is simple and fun.  Since you can refit your ships, your not punished (much) for experimenting with new designs.- Planetary management is simple and clean.  It might seem a touch boring at the start of the game, but you'll really appericate it when you have 30+ planets to manage.- Great artwork: love the look of the ships and racesThings that could use some love:- The ending is lame: it's just a notification that you've won that frankly doesn't look too much different than any other notification.  Could use a nice victory screen.- The research screen would be better as a tree.  As a list, it's workable thanks to the links to required and unlocked techs,  but it seems like a tree view would make it easier to see.- More/better minor powers: it's seems only Gremak minor powers actually manage to be threatening.  It would be nice to see other races also be strong."
76561197973738864,Recommended,464880,30271376,Posted: 1 March,all,klocker2003,"Playtime much higher than steam shows, tried before i bought. Can't leave such a fantastic game un-bought!"
,Recommended,464880,29258832,Posted: 14 January,all,probes44,"Already at this stage fun to play and continues to get better. Nice design must have for any strategy fan, especially if you like space games."
76561198019236588,Recommended,464880,30609080,Posted: 19 March,all,Popcorn,"Has potential but... definitely needs more work,"
76561198036264314,Not Recommended,464880,29550744,Posted: 28 January,all,orc_food,"Anther great to look at game I.M.O.  Combat is a pain in the behind and you get attack alot by ""minor"" groups that start with ships you wish you could have. Set them to rare and see that they all around you. No where in the rest of the map. So the major races can out pace you.The races are in no way blanced. The money race is mosty useless.  Set them in the game as AI controlled for that easy win .... always on the other side of the map. Never seem them show up as a random empire. Races do not have the same tech tree and it shows up in what you are not allowed to do. Which you do not know before hand.It is clear that the game makers knows things are not blanced and has set the game to hurt the human player. As seem with who gets put where on the map.The games has cash on me more than once.....sigh"
,Recommended,464880,26010287,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,fergusonia_ssi,"Early access, but still awesome. Got that one more turn feel to it. Love the art and gameplay. Cant wait to see the finished product with all the features."
76561197978278581,Recommended,464880,28001552,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Roger Wilco,"Bought it on sale, instantly hooked and played 7 hours straight. This game is amazing, and because its early access you get a sneak peak into the dev notes. Weapons/Subsystems will have ""does blah blah - todo: make sure it does blah blah"""
76561198014856595,Not Recommended,464880,29530444,Posted: 27 January,all,Juli,"Well overall I wouldnt recommend this game at this point in time. While I did enjoy it somehat, its not a real enthusiastic endorsement. Its a decent enough game to kill a few hours but there are better space sims out there (yes even Stellaris with its lack of manual combat).The AI is extremely bad and mainly just suiciding ships into you even on very hard, the tech tree doesnt seem like much and its basically a streamline to your prefer tech while ignoring most of the useless stuff along the way. I would except some more difference between the races and more randomness in tech which adds a challenge.Customability of ships looks good at first sight but lacks true freedom.If the devs add some more depth customability (more choices), a better tech tree, better AI and some different races with more interesting mechanics, it will be a very fun game. Until then, I would not recommend buying it until you want to support small devs."
,Recommended,464880,30935005,Posted: 3 April,all,coheed360,"Most MOO-like game I've played thus far.Could use espionage, better ground combat, some other polish and variety.Overall though, you guys did a great job on this game.  Thanks!"
76561198008504616,Recommended,464880,31079968,Posted: 11 April,all,Patient Zero,"Waited a while to post a review for the game. No need to add details as I can see plenty of other reviewers have left theirs. Overall, just a really good game and worth the 20 bucks I paid for it."
76561198007627239,Not Recommended,464880,29470846,Posted: 24 January,all,mauler78,"I had moderate expecations for this game.  I was hoping for something to fill the MOO2 void, and scratch that itch.Unfortunately for me this game falls short of the expectaions.Things I did like:Planet management is fairly streamlined, you planet can support only so many structures, and that guides a planet into either being generalized or specialized.  It is not as fidgity as MOO, and as new techs come out your infrastructure upgrades automatically.Ship design, again the fidigity part is removed.  You simply select the type of hull you want with comes with preselected number and types of slots, you put compatible equipment in those slots and done.Undo button, at first I though this was a silly feature, until I made some drastic errors and had to hammer that little button a few times to back up and make a better choice.  If you like hard core play you can turn this feature off, but it is actually a nice add.Things I did not like or need improvement:Research: While the research tree is quite large, it is also completely linear in a manner of speaking.  You don't have to really make choices as eventually you get all the tech in the game.  So there is never that choice between a better gun or better shields.  Also, I found that the advances came way to fast, early in the game I was getting one every other turn, now this maybe a result of how my empire was structured, but never seemed like I had to work toward something.AI / Diplomacy: The AI is pretty my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  They don't press you for anything, don't act aggressive when you are week, and pretty much bow down to you when you have enough diplomancy points.  Won the game multiple times be forming massive alliances and taking the galactic seat with out a shot fired.No custom races / limited races: No way to easily add custom races, and you are limited to the base 8.I think this was a good start to a game that could very well challenge MOO/MOO2 for the seat of ultimate 4X experience, but right now it falls way short of mark."
,Recommended,464880,29737142,Posted: 6 February,all,Draculascastle1,"A simple M.O.O. type game. I like the comic-like look, and the easy going gameplay. I love this kind of game when I'm in casual gamer mode. Easy to waste time, and also easy to play for a few mins before work or bed. I would highly recommend this to an easy going player."
76561197987772532,Recommended,464880,30301334,Posted: 3 March,all,sensej.pl,"I am surprised ... game actually is nice. I do enjoy playing it. In the beginning it might kind of push you back since it looks simple, but it gets more complicated as time goes but stays on the enjoyable side.Fleet control is also quite nice and battle system is great :)"
,Not Recommended,464880,29599177,Posted: 30 January,all,Jon Lee Pettimore,"I've sunk about 5, 6 hours into this game over the past few days and I simply cannot recommend it in the state it currently is. I'm no turn based expert by any means nor am I a complete noob. But I am unable to beat to mount any sort of successful campaign in game what so ever. And this is due to the complete lack of tutorial, help menu, guides, or any sort of educational material in game to allow new players to get up to space. And that's too bad because the game is fun, looks nice, but it's a mountain of frustration that is in dire need of updating, patching and QoL improvements."
76561197999358586,Recommended,464880,30587195,Posted: 18 March,all,KINGS GUARD GAMES,"Has to be one of the best 4x ive played, great art, atmosphere and really fun and easy to get into! Great music too!"
76561198072461025,Not Recommended,464880,33383771,Posted: 8 July,all,Aeromancer,"Unoriginal and with limited scopeI admit that I played this game briefly (refund=playtime <2h), and I did find it a very old formula to the genre as it copies heavily from MoO. Now, this is not a bad thing per se, but since so many games have done so recently, it has become a very tired formula to see again and again.Beyond the intersting cartoon graphics (which I do like), it doesn't seem to offer anything new, nor it is particularly interesting and I had a hard time reading the badly pixellated fonts (EDIT: Now fixed with the latest patch?).The planet management is really minimal (you can build a very limited number of buildings on each planet, and with very limited I mean about 3-7, depending on the planet size), the research tree lacks a proper presentation and feels really underwhelming, and in general the UI could use a rework on how things are accessed.Space combat is turn-based but, for space 4x games, I feel it's a mistake since tactical combat would be better suited for games like X-COM where the tactical aspects actually matters, so you spend most of your turns issuing orders to go forward, stand in front of your enemy and shoot, which becomes tedious fast and could have been handled much better with real-time pausable combat.Also, forget about changing resolution (no option there whatsoever).tl;dr You can safely skip this one.If you want to actually play a good 4x space game you'd be better off with Stellaris (continually expanded, but a bit pricey), Endless Space 2 (each race offers an almost completely different gameplay style, giving you great replay value), and even StarDrive 2 Sector Zero (fantastic space combat & ship design)."
76561198075526633,Not Recommended,464880,29864456,Posted: 11 February,all,rylandleyton,"I wish I could write a really positive review here.   I love a lot about this game and wanted to like it as a decent game in the theme of Master Of Orion (MOO).PRO's:NIce graphics - cartoonish, but fun.  Good theme game.  You've played it before, and if you like these you'll like this one.  Diplomacy is simple, but I found it fun.  It explained itself well.CONS:The game is basically a 100% copy of MOO, except de-hanced.  Features which would let you manage all planets easily aren't present.  There is no good map to the technology tree.  Descriptions of technologies are poor.  The manual is terrible.  You're going to have to figure it out as you play."
,Recommended,464880,33639935,Posted: 18 July,all,skisquirrel,A solid entry in the 4X genre.
76561197970483901,Recommended,464880,27792142,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bellicose,"Great game, love the art!"
76561198052971128,Recommended,464880,29707823,Posted: 4 February,all,realxavier,Good 4x title. Weak diplomacy. Races have differencies. Nice small improvements after release.
,Recommended,464880,28733075,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fatal Cumshot,"A fantastic 4X with amazing art that reminds me fondly of the good old days of Master of Orion 2. Highly recommended, even in early access."
,Recommended,464880,29662227,Posted: 2 February,all,Soup Teeth,"yeh its alright, i wish there was ""a bit more"" but its good"
,Recommended,464880,29421173,Posted: 22 January,all,bitterashes,"TLDR: overall reccomended but has issues which I am (currently) confident will be worked on.As has been said elsewhere, if you like Master of orion 1 / 2 you will appreciate Stars In Shadow and find it pleasantly familiar. However, it's current state still feels like it should be in early access....1. Some features do nothing other than display 'not implemented yet' eg research queueing / refit queueing2. No animation etc for planet destruction, just a sound effect and then the planet is missing. Clearly unfinished3. Occaisional fatal bugs causing you to need to reload.4. Faction diplomacy is very lightweight. No espionage, deals with other factions rejected seemingly every time no matter how generous you are / how friendly the other party is.5. This is a major one for me: No storyline  other than some background paragraphs of text describing a little galactic history which has seemingly no impact on the game.I also think the limited ship styles (1 per faction per class) feels restrictive, again as if its not quite finished.Without the above the game is decent but lacks some depth and longevity so I woudnt pay full price for it now. I payed £14 ish and its probably a touch overpriced at that.Overall however, I enjoy this game though and I think it is clear that the devs really want to make it a great 4x and I am still confident that they will work on the above issues given time. With them fixed, and some shiny bits like more factions / custom factions it'll be a true MOO2 successor."
76561197971660409,Recommended,464880,29438360,Posted: 22 January,all,seldom seen kid,"A very fun game in the vein of Master's of Orion 2 or Gal Civ 2, although much simpler. If you liked those games, you'll like this one, but I am going to focus on the disappointing aspects, while still recommending it.The biggest disappointment is the game is not finished, and should still be in Early Access, rather than offered as a finished product. I would have bought the game in Early Access and been very happy with it (I just didn't know about it), but as someone who has bought it as a ""complete"" game I have to say it has some very rough edges.There are at least 2 instances of buttons on the UI just not doing anything or having a message saying this will be implemented later (Queuing ship upgrades and queuing research) which is not something that should be acceptable in a ""finished"" product.Another big downer is that it seems (and I could be wrong, although a google and a fairly intense scrutiny of the UI have not helped) that you have to upgrade each ship individually and cannot simply say Upgrade this ""Destroyer Mark I"" to the ""Destroyer Mark II"", you actually have to swap in the new systems that you want every time you upgrade an individual ship, which is incredably time intensive and in contrast to the rest of the game from a micromanagement point of view.It would also be helpful if it was made a bit more obvious that you need to design and uprade your ground defense stations yourself, although these do all upgrade automatically which is nice.I haven't played the game much, but have really enjoyed the time I have spent playing it,  if you are the kind of person who is easily annoyed by mass repetition and a bit of awkward ""fiddlyness"" you may wish to wait for a few patches before getting into this one. It feels like managing a large fleet will be a micromanagement nightmare because of the difficulty upgrading and the fact that they cannot be queued, so I'll be sticking to small scale games for now.I definitely recommend the game, but I'm also hoping that development has not slowed down now that it has been released, because, in my opinion, it was released too early."
,Recommended,464880,29512877,Posted: 26 January,all,Redempter,"Classic 4x space game, it's not the best but it's doing a pretty fine job. If you liked Master of Orion 2 you'll probably like this."
,Not Recommended,464880,29399452,Posted: 21 January,all,Dunning Kruger,"Cons:Enemy factions are pretty bad except at colonizing planets.Diplomacy very simplistic and ungratifying (very easy to avoid fighting).Pirates seem to be the only powerful obstacle to victory on harder difficulties.Still buggy, got a debug message and was unable to continue playing the game midway through my second playthrough.Pros:Interesting take on human start/backstory.Despite all it's weaknesses it has it's charm."
76561198139371243,Recommended,464880,31164911,Posted: 15 April,all,waynemckay85,"One of the best games out there right now for RTS!More people need to purchase this game!They have really been adding in new item that better the play.Adding new units in without, selling as a DLC has been a large point for this game!If you are still reading this just buy it!"
76561198006830874,Recommended,464880,29760849,Posted: 7 February,all,Losse,I wish you got into more tacticle battles sooner but it may just because I play slow.Other than that its a great game which is a little simpler than a civ but I like that.  They is a lot of fluff in civ.Graphics and sound are good.  No bugs that I can see.
,Not Recommended,464880,29571364,Posted: 29 January,all,[SDP] Arthrax,"VERY DISAPPOINTED! The interface is annoying and tedious. I can't enjoy a game if the interface is unorganized and tedious. It's as simple as that! The developers need to rethink their design choices here. On top of the horrible interface, after 130 turns it was an un-eventful experience. I played on normal with all the intial settings at default. I was ablt to barely explore anything, had three space battles, and only colonized 7 planets in 130 turns. There wasn't ANY tutorial or ANY explanasion of what I should be doing when and where. I figured it out for the most part, but it still lacked definition on many tech's, ships, planet resources, and more. I think this is going to be a small niche game as there are many better 4x space games on the market. If you can pick it up for $4.99... maybe then.. it's not worth more than that and IMO would have better success as just a game APP on a phone. They should redesign the interface and make this a smart phone game.The only thing i did think was pretty cool was the space battles. I wish GC3 did their battles this way.Final review: 6 out of 10. This is a boring 4x game in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,464880,33202080,Posted: 3 July,all,slavemaster,"To write a review for 4x game after only an hour of playing is really strange, but in this case totally justified.From the start you understand - it is a MOO2 clone. The good thing - you are correct, new graphics can't hide MOO2 core system. The bad thing is - it is yet another BAD clone. Interface reminds me of a phone/tablet game, science is generic with lacking tech description, ship designer relies on hull types that have preset slots (and that limits your ability to build various ships heavily as there are only a few good ways to arm each ship), combat is MOO2 minus balancing, planet economy feels illogical.Long story short: it took me only an hour to start a game and get totally disappointed in it. Maybe in a few years, if devs don't drop it, the game will become the thing I was looking for, but right now it looks more like a beta."
76561197993245169,Not Recommended,464880,28908875,Posted: 1 January,all,Eldaner,"lots of 'todo' marks (meaning ""not done yet') and missing info/contentP.S. manual retrofiting of EACH ship?!?! Are you kidding?no ""retrofit all this 10-20-30 Cruiser ships to desing Cruiser mk2"" button.Nooo. Chose 1 ship at a time and chenge every part manualy...Whait until it's done (no 'add to queue' button for this) and repeat to next ship....So if you have more than 5... There only one logical solution - build new ones. It's faster...."
76561198144986666,Recommended,464880,28175133,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ragpicker,pretty good
76561198074412332,Not Recommended,464880,29387652,Posted: 20 January,all,DREADMOOR,"I wanted it to be so cool, but it was not.  I do like the ship desgin aspect as that was fun to do, but he rest of the game has a crawl aspect to expanding and no real purpose..  Combat was very limited.  Also very dangerious as well.  Just not my cup of tea.  I give it 1.5 stars out of 5."
76561198031752886,Not Recommended,464880,25848387,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Maxador,"Has potentials.I know this is in alpha/beta (buyer beware, etc.).Unfortunately, it freezes often and crashes dramactically every 10 minutes.At least the crash only requires a game exit / restart and doesn't destablizes the host PC.I'll recommend this game when the game is a bit more stable."
76561197982848469,Not Recommended,464880,29427748,Posted: 22 January,all,Kapteiten,"There is probably alot I could write about this game, but I will try to keep it short.The main thing I want to point out is that this game does not feel complete at all, it feels messy.When this game enters mid-game it becomes a horrible nightmare, there are ships EVERYWHERE! And I mean everywhere.There are almost no limits to where factions can settle and go and the game does not even have the courtesy to end yourgame when you've lost, it simply points out you have, or that some other faction won before letting you continue your game... Why! Why can you continue if you have lost!I will say though, that the ship models are quite nice, alot of the artwork is infact very nice.It is a game I really tried to like, I wanted to like it, but I just could not.Anyway, this game could use alot more work.So, all that being said, this game is not worth its price, I would not recommend anyone to buy this game.Conclusion: Buy Stellaris instead."
,Not Recommended,464880,29377206,Posted: 20 January,all,三ドル（Sandoru）,"So after nearly 2 hours of gameplay, I don't know how much I can say about this game. Well, in those 2 hours it felt bland, tedious and repetitive. It really is a browser game, not a full-fleshed computer game. Even indie games are supposed to bring more to the table, don't you think so? Is it worth trying out? Yes, maybe you will like it. Was it a good and fitting purchase for me? No, it wasn't. Refunded."
76561198007559498,Not Recommended,464880,29661380,Posted: 2 February,all,xspeedrj,Fails as a Master of Orion 2 clone.
76561198026567839,Not Recommended,464880,30454233,Posted: 11 March,all,talkslow4me,"What does this game bring to the table? Nothing.I respect indie developers but I am kind of sick of 4x developers following the same mold of Master of Orion 2, only just to fall short of a game that is over 20 years old. Even though this game is in retail version now, it is still missing vital mehanics to the game. It lacks depth. And chances are we are going to be subjected to the standard 4x cliche of ""Wait 2 years till after release to judge it"". Even upon completion I still dont see what this developer was trying to do with this game. Indie developers should be the ones to break the mold, not reinforce it. What a let down."
76561197991072740,Not Recommended,464880,25535841,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,cassius769,"5 buildings to build, 8 different ships, 1 military defence (perhaps 2 later on), 1 kind of ground troops.100+ military techs which gives +1 bonus each. Very few civilian techs (what do you expect? it's only 5 buildings to build)Graphics looks like it could be run in a browser. the whole game could be run in a browser.The combat bit is the best part.Would pay £3."
,Not Recommended,464880,29386764,Posted: 20 January,all,Ali,"Terrible UI and overall production. Loads of useless text which servers no purpose. Low resolution, fairly bad music, horrible value.This game should be streamlined and sold for 2.99 on tablets. EUR 18 IN SALE is simply joke, love 4x games, but this is my first Steam refund out of 120 or so games.If you want quality turn based game head for CIV6, if looking for space theme, even not really finetuned Master of Orion is roughly 5 458 563 x better while costing the same."
,Not Recommended,464880,29367490,Posted: 19 January,all,Jerry,For being a released game....i am getting a ton of errors.
76561198024270397,Not Recommended,464880,33570346,Posted: 15 July,all,Siollear,The cartoony goofy style totally kills it for me. I just can't get past it. Probably a good game underneath.
,Not Recommended,464880,29364551,Posted: 19 January,all,Ritsuka,"Summary- I bought this game based on other reviews calling this the new Masters of Orion, and ""more fun to play than Stellaris"", and how modern and great it is.I strongly do not recommend this game if you have a monitor that isnt standard 1920x1080, or if you prefer playing in window mode, it will be nearly unplayable.Please put down the koolaid kids, that is a load of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Edit: As you can see below the community of this game is composed of raging fangirls who don't bother reading a full review before screaming at anyone who speaks poorly of it.TL:DR1. 0 Video options, this renders the game unplayable to anyone with a custom resolution  or anyone who desires to play in window mode. Hence why I only got in 10 minutes, it was not playable, as the text is so small it looks like blurry squiggles.2. While most strive for complexity and depth in a 4x game, the setup for this is the most basic I have ever seen.3. From what I could see of gameplay, this game is incredibly simplified and on-par with a browser game or phone app and doesn't hold any weight against some of the greats of 4x. Once again, couldnt really get into it, as I can not see what was going on, maybe fighting is fun, but hard to get to fighting when text is blurry and tiny.---I am basing this game review solely on my experience with the game, that stems up to colonization of planets, setting up a new universe, race selection, and option setup. That's as far as was playable as it isn't for anyone who has a custom monitor resolution, as the story and smaller prints of the game are not legible without any video options.I didn't get to actually playing this game, because the text was so small, and within 10 minutes I was rushing to the refund process. Out of all the 4x games I have played over the last decade, this one has the least options I have seen of any. The layout and gameplay is that of what I would expect from a browser game, or a 5.00 game.This is 2017, not 1995. I expect a game in this era to have video options, this one does not. It doesn't have a single graphics option, it doesn't have a resolution option, no UI scaling. Which is a serious problem when you decide to print out all information in the screen in fine print. I found myself squinting to read anything in the actual game.But before that, we were on the typical 4x, select a race, then select universe.. ect.. screen. This is the most simple one I have ever seen. You get a handful of races, there is 0 customization for which race you choose, you do not get the option to make a custom race, you do not get an option on which traits you get per race.The universe selection is How many planets, and what difficulty, and about 6 options for things like pirate raids, habitable worlds.. ect. Total, the amount of choices you have to make before creating the universe is a whopping 9. Most 4x games I have played, such as civilizations and stellaris have at least 40.The universe itself seems as 2d as possible, the ships are pictures, the planets are animated pictures, there is no 3d element to this game, and while the art is great, it feels cheap without depth. The only depth to this game I could see was the storys, which were again, so damn small it was hard to read. Don't believe me? click the screenshots provided above, if you have trouble reading those, I gaurantee you will have issues with reading in this game.I am more angry at the blatant lies of all these reviews, than I am of the devs of this game though.  It's mind boggling to me how anyone could even dare compare this to any of the greats. It does not come close, and doesn't have the capacity to even try."
,Recommended,464880,28426671,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Devastator,This one is actually closest thing to moo2 i've seen.plus it adds some nice diplomacy/influence mechanics so for old fans of Moo1/Moo2 i highly recommend it
76561198140810048,Recommended,464880,35512943,Posted: 6 October,all,paleobear,"If you'd like to play a 4x game in one evening and enjoy an adult beverage without losing to the AI this is it. A very relaxing game. The artwork is minimal but clever. You get to play a little chess on the big map, and a little checkers on the battle map. Not a bad mix at all. Tasteful and well-done. Unpretentious and pleasant."
