user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198101352874,Recommended,465490,32180005,Posted: 4 June,all,tenthousand,"I usually don't post reviews, but this game is pretty sweet, even in this pre-alpha stage.It reminds me a bit of Wasteland 2; the good aspects of it.  Graphics aren't as pretty, of course, but the tactics and gameplay are really fun - and they keep getting better.I had actually refunded this game a few months ago.  Then the other day I took at look at the discussions and all of the patches that have been implemented since, and I bought it again - now it's amazing, and still pre-alpha.There's a bunch of content to keep you busy, and the best thing - after final release, your current saves will continue to work - so there's no reason to hold off due to losing saves.  I think that's really what ended up selling me on it.This is the work of one person, but he works on it day and night.  Since I started playing a few days ago there's already been 3 patches - one major, and 2 minor.  I can't wait to see this game once it's all done."
76561197997874693,Recommended,465490,28923571,Posted: 1 January,all,zippythezip,"7 hrs in game and a quick tale of how its going.The intro music and character creation are nice. Then start a kind of tutorial which is done very well.I am not the sharpest tool in the shed any more when it comes to games, well I am 60 years old and it feels like it at times.The lack of mini map is hard when you get spoilt by it in new games. So at times I get a little lost, signs are on the wall and instuctions are pretty black and white in the text . Those who dont like to read may dislike the game.Combat feels kinda lumpy at first but it really fills my love of turn based combat. If I can work out the instuctions then any one with patience on the low end of the scale should be OK. I have just got to the mining operation in space and now it feels like I am playing a new game, really cool.Its early access and  anyone signing on for EA should know they taking a risk, but I really am enjoying this game and will update this review of sorts as I continue the game."
,Recommended,465490,30820948,Posted: 29 March,all,MEAT_SHIELD,"Do you Like X-COM (Any of them), Silent Storm, Elite Dangerous, Jagged Alliance, Privateer, Freelancer (Geriatric Alert) Starflight or Buck Rogers Countdown to Doomsday? This is for you.For Those of you that have an aversion to Early Access. This might even be the game to change your opinion.tl;drOld Man’s War(Game)Let me start with a question. What decent Space Oriented Science Fiction content resolves conflict strictly based on a ship to ship basis? Not Firefly, Not S.A. Corey’s The Expanse, Not Star Wars, Not Star Trek. Anyone that’s experienced those mediums can tell you that some of the best moments in those universes took place when the crews off the ship, landing on a hostile world or breaching airlock to do some gangster♥♥♥♥♥♥ That’s what this game is bringing to the table. I know that it may not seem like a huge deal to a lot of gamers, but I know that there is a certain type that think it is.  This is important to that kind of gamer because something like this hasn’t been attempted in a long time. This game is that sweet spot of turn based tactical RPG and space combat that’s been missing for the market for as long as I can remember. Oh you can Trade, Explore, Fight, and Mine, but the part that gives me a warm and fuzzy feeling is the “Prepare to be boarded” aspect. That aspect IMHO alone makes this worth it in early access. That and this developer actually took the effort to make this marvel run on lower spec machines."
76561198206148728,Recommended,465490,25685305,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,brojoebigtoe,"Only a few hours in but so far it's pretty good.  The graphics look nice, the mechanics are good, and I like the story.  It reminds me a little of Divinity Original Sin, but with a sci-fi theme (and not as polished, but it's still very early access).My only gripes with the game so far and maybe some suggestions1)Characters blocking one another when it looks like there's room for them to squeeze by, end up wasting the character's turn on occasion2)Combat speed is slow, making the animations faster would make the gameplay a bit more exciting3)A mini map in the corner of the screen would be handy.  I don't need a beacon saying exactly where I need to go, but a rough map that gets lit up as you discover areas would be helpful (not a fan of going in circles and trying to memorize a dungeon or spacestation)4)Maybe a little more inventory space during combat, currently only two slots to share between weapons, explosives, and medical kits5)Increase the font size for the game, it's difficult to read the text, and it is a text heavy game(I very much want to read it but when it's not very legible I end up skipping some)Overall it's a good game and you can tell a lot of work went into it (the game and the story).  It's got an old school feel to it so I can see how it would appeal more to gamers who have the patience to play classic rpgs.  I haven't got to the space exploration part that's shown in the trailer, but I'm looking forward to it.  I was a big fan of the Buck Rodgers game for Sega Genesis and that's what the sysnopsis of this game originally reminded me of."
76561197975672725,Not Recommended,465490,32335360,Posted: 10 June,all,wrf90,"Great concept, for one programmer this is an impressive achievement. BUT the game is VERY early access. I bought this game after it'd already been in EA almost 9 months. It's still very much pre-alpha. There are lots of bugs and many tweaks need to be made before this game will show its true potential. Several bugs require re-loading a previously saved game, so save often!  I think this guy needs to bring a few more programmers on if he wants to finish it within a couple years. Although graphics are dated (not bad, just dated), this game has a pretty ambitious scope and if it's done by one guy only it'll take 5 more years to finish.The tutorial mission moves slowly. It's really more of an extended prologue mission with tutorial elements. The story starts out very cliche but then gets interesting. It shows promise. Your characters have stats out the wazoo to raise by either using the skills or leveling. It's defintely a hardcore RPG, which I really like.The turn-based combat system is decent albeit a bit basic. It can be hard to spot enemies, there's no real cover system, although you can crouch or stand, and there should be an ""overwatch"" mode (a la modern X-COM) or at least an option to delay taking your turn until your enemies go first. Also there should be a feature to center the screen on an enemy, and scroll through enemies this way, which would take the frustration out of searching for an enemy that is sometimes off screen and hard to spot in darker environments.Although individual environments can feel repetitive, there's a lot of variety between different locations. I've seen 5 so far and they all have their own unique atmosphere.Once you get a spaceship, you can fly to various spaceports and then take missions planetside, on various planets. There''s also rudimentary mining and trading. In addition, you can travel between star systems. Ship combat will be included in the future. This very much feels like Wasteland 2 but in a sci-fi setting with open world space travel. Very cool. It's too bad so many of these features are so bare-bones right now.I can tell this is a diamond in the rough, but it's maybe too early for anyone who actually wants a semi-polished early access game. My guess is this will be in development at least two more years, perhaps much longer. If the developer sticks with it, he'll have a great game. I hope this game realizes its potential, but I think I should've let this bake another year or two before purchasing."
,Recommended,465490,25652526,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,naomha,"First and foremost, this game is PRE-ALPHA. So, saying that, even putting a ""review"" based anything on this game is completely menial and dumb. It's a work in progress and a ""review"" is completely assenine at this point.So, saying that, the game shines. Think of it as a mix between Fallout, Wasteland and Stasis. Graphically, it serves its purpose. It's not Crysis but it's not ugly either. If you played Stasis and enjoyed the graphics you'll feel right at home here. So far, from what I've experienced personally, the game plays pretty solid. There's some minor bugs with enemies and the whole ""line of sight"" creating an invisible mob every now and then but I'm sure that'll be patched.  Pathfinding can get a little wonky, but again, it's pre-alpha and I'm not going to fault that. Inventory needs tiding up, maybe some different inventory tabs. I can see mid to late game this being a huge issue with players down the road. For now, early game, no big deal.Sound, in game, is actually pretty good. It's not your cheesy sci-fi standard. It actually has some ambience and depth to it and fits perfectly. There's idle chitchat in game along with worded pop-ups that occur keeping you vested in what's happening in-game. A lot of devs DON'T do this and it can create long play sessions of no verbal communication happening between players. This keeps it a little more ""realistic"", per se. Weapon sounds are, well, at this point, rather generic, but they function just fine. A pistol makes a pistol sound, rifle makes a rifle sound, etc. It works. It would be nice if they got better but, again, I'm only an inch into the game. It could deepen and I just haven't heard them yet.Character portraits are, well, ugly. At least the men are. You have the 70s comb-over and some standard female hairs that get put on the men. Rather odd. Still, if you played Fallout or Wasteland you're right at home here. Could get better in time. Character creation was quite a surprise. You have to manually create your whole team and that makes you think about what you want in game. You start with a squad of four and, according to the developer, will have about 20 or so characters throughout the game you'll be able to have with you, hire, etc. Again, if you've played Fallout or Wasteland type games, you'll be pleased to see many stats, upgrades and character development paths to take and learn. Very exciting stuff :)All in all, don't judge it too harshly. It IS pre-alpha and as such the devs are going to be working on it. They've been attentive in forums and have been addressing things right out of the gate. If you are coming here to play a fully fleshed out and finished game, well, don't. It's not. Don't buy it unless you want to help support the devs and make some viable suggestions/ bug reports in the forums. Saying that, it's in really good shape and fully playable in pre-alpha. It's obviously not finished and the whole game is NOT available.For me, a thumbs up. Easily. It seems I've been waiting on someone to make this kind of game a long, long, long time. The fact that a developer is bringing it to fruition is nice. Really nice."
76561197963020061,Recommended,465490,28302616,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,♀⛤WitchyWoman⛤♀,"Stellar Tactics is one of those games the veteran gamers have desired for years. To describe it.  Consider it an Xcom meets Starport Gemini type of game in one.  That said this game shines on its own. Even in early access its playable and the developers work hard on bringing new content quickly, maintain communication with consumers , and fix bugs even on weekends! If your worried about bugs ust send a description of problems and your savegames and they will fix it ASAP.Im going to give this 5 stars even at this point in its developement. I can't wait to see whats ahead. Big thumbs up."
76561198022719467,Recommended,465490,25662168,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nuee,"This game may not be for everyone... A good hint to the type of a game it might be is to examine the links to similar games on a games store page.  Old schoolers will probably love it.  Those that want candy might not.So far I have played 2 hours and for PRE Alpha it is an excellent start and based on what the developer has said far from done.   I find the story line intersting and imagine it will continue to be so.Does it have a few quirks that annoy me?  Yep.   But that is true of every game I ever played.  However, because it is still being developed there is a chance that those will improve.So I am going to recommend it.   Perhaps not for all right away.  You have to have to be willing to take a chance and willing to participate in Pre Alpha/Alpha/Beta games, such things are not for those that want a finished polished product now.    (Not to mention there are plenty of finished ""polished"" products out there that suck).  If your not ready for that then wait.++++++++++++++++++I wish to add to my above comment.  I have played the prologue through.  At a couple of points encounted storyline ending bugs... They have been patched.  I could continue.   This over all in the matter of days.  The developer has been quite proactive (almost to the point of exhaustion) patching and fixing various bugs and enhancing game play to make the game as successful as he can.  Seriously... multiple patches in the same day kinda patching.  I expect a  quiescent  period as he/they work on the next stage in the game but their attention to the launch has been amazing.  Most games would probably have considered this an Alpha not Pre Alpha.  Color me impressed."
,Recommended,465490,25664644,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Order,"This will be a great game, coming from a gamer who is very cautious in purchasing EA titles.So it's an isometric CRPG very similar to ""Fallout Tactics /  Jagged Alliance"", but it feels like it might have more depth than those titles (over-time).It's in Alpha states so of course there are bugs and issues, but under all that the game looks amazing. The dev is very active on the forum and speaks to the community with respect, helping people move through any issues they're having, releasing an on the fly patch for game breaking bugs within hours of release.This game has so much potential , and has been made out of passion, and i rarely get excited for EA titles as they always fall short, but this is a game which can go all the way.If you want to help build an amazing final product by helping squash bugs and help the testing process, then buy it. The game is very playable for most people and has hours of content. It needs some tweaks and polish but it's very enjoyable and reminds me of starting up Fallout 2 for the first time."
76561198014810424,Recommended,465490,26271293,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,wanderinglinton,"Pre-alpha ... You understand what that means.  Don't expect a lot of polish.Just played through the Prologue in about 20 hours .. Didn't want it to finish.Loved it all.If you, like me, couldn't get enough of Jagged Alliance and Fallout 2 and all those style of games -- this recaptures those days.  Then you jump into a spaceship and start into something like Eve Online between planets / locations.It feels like a retro game that's been timewarped into the present day. And that for me is just awesome-sauce.I play a lot of early-releases because I like to watch the games develop and I am very excited to see where this one is going to go.I am happy to have spent the money on the prologue - it has so far given me 20 hours of enjoyment -- I'll probably go back and start again and set a bunch of different stats to see how that plays through. So, there's some more time wasted well.The dev by all acounts (and personal experience) seems very responsive to the community of players/testers and I am waiting (perhaps impatiently) for the next instalment.Caveat Emptor -- It is pre alpha -- but for that it is a thoroughly enjoyable mix of retro and the new game.If you loved the JA2 / Fallout 2 style and want to see what that works like in a modern engine, then maybe you should give this a try.  I'm happy with my purchase.If you're not willing to spend money on a pre-alpha and all that goes with that hit the Follow button and see where this journey goes."
76561198012984269,Recommended,465490,32486567,Posted: 16 June,all,BuffHamster,"If you like Science Fiction cRPG games, this game is for you. Even though it is an Early Access game and much of the content has not been ""unlocked"" for bug testing yet, there is still plenty of content to play with here.You can join now, at a reduced price for Early Access, help squash bugs, suggest ideas for fine tuning the game mechanics, ... or not. That is anyone's choice, but if you don't mind this and really like SF cRPG games, I highly recommend this game.Don't let the initial ""Dauntless"" mission throw you off, you can choose to skip it and get right into the game, ...but, ... in the next couple of weeks from the date of this review, that portion of the game will have been completely overhauled. (It was originally part of a very early concept version of the game)Even more amazing is the fact that there is only one person developing this 'Indie' gem, and given the amount of contentalready writtenversus the subsystems that still need to be coded, I think this game will reach ""beta"" status much sooner than many anticipate.The developer reads the forum comments and stays on top of all bug reports and considers all suggestions before saying 'yay' or 'nay'. So, in my experience, especially since the latest few updates, there have been no games where I had to reload from an earlier saved game. Currently, the game runs very well on my end, but experiences may differ based on what system you are using, pay attention to the requirements.For a good idea of what is currently planned, check the Road Map topic in the game's General forum. To see what is currently being worked on, check the pinned topic titled ""What's Next"", again, in the game's General Forums."
76561198018580181,Recommended,465490,28941658,Posted: 2 January,all,smudger40k,Game is like Wasteland 2 crossed with Xcom crossed with Fallout 2 and it is GREAT!!The Dev is making a universe of his own with a great feel to it and great atmosphere!Absoloutly love it! keep up the good work!!
76561198025058902,Recommended,465490,30282972,Posted: 2 March,all,Jessie,"I normally don't buy into a game based on its potential alone, as that is normally a recipe for heartbreak. But Kerbal Space Program and Prison Architect have showed us that Early Access CAN work. If you like the idea of this game, and want to support its development and help in making a dream a reality, then by all means, I recommend it. If you are skeptical, you may want to hold off just to see how it shapes up a few patches down the line.As for how it stands now, I am already loving it. The gameplay reminds me of some weird mashup of the old fallout games, and Neverwinter Nights. Being that its a top down-ish view, and you run around, then  when combat starts stats determine turn order and AP determines how many actions you can take, how far you can move, etc. Its not like some games with unlimited ammo ether. You have to spend AP to reload in combat, and theres a few different weapon types at the moment, rifles, pistols, melee, etc. The unique thing about this game in my opinion, is how when you are between dungeons, you fly around the stars. Its almost like what we could expect if mass effect was made in the early 90s. It has that oldschool charm.Its really hard to vouch for the quality of the story, with it being so early in development. Plus, the beginning as it stands could change at least slightly down the development line, so I don't want to remark on things that may not even be there as the game draws closer to being finished, But the writing seems pretty solid to me.Stats seem like they are going to matter, with your typical charisma, agility and such, weapon skills, and even ship skills for when the space part of the game is more fleshed out. So you can build one person to be your tank-y melee person that runs out and draws fire, another person to be your primarily first aid user, use a rilfe person to back them up from a safe distance. Have one person to be your pilot while building somene else to man your weaponry stations and such. Like i said, the ship part of the game wasn't fully implemented when I played besides mostly just traveling around, which is fun in its own right, and mining. But it has really big potential,Also during combat, depending on where you hover your cursor you may have different chances to hit. You can aim for the legs for example, and if you inflict the hobbled status, they will have to expend more AP to approach you, meaning they can take less actions if they move. It seems like its going to be able to set up some pretty interesting tactics. one early example is a room with two enemies. Another foe is in the hall. If you stand in plain sight, he can hit you from really far off with his rocket launcher. So you will want to move to the inside of the room, and outside of the scope of the hallway so he has to waste turns coming to you, while you fight the two inside the room.I'm really excited to see how this game shapes up. If you're a fan of oldschool PC rpgs and Sci-fi, this will probally be right up your alley. If not in its current state, definately as it draws closer to completion. I have a lot of hope for this one, and think fans of the genre at the very least, should keep an eye on it."
76561197972122050,Recommended,465490,28366952,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,james,"I really enjoy this game. It's ambitious, and the dev admits it not even in Alpha yet - so it's a little light on content so far -  but the ambition is good, the execution is good, and if it turns out how the plan is, it'll be a fantastic game.Right now there's only really 3-4 missions and some space flying (no combat, in space there's mining/travel/trade only) , plus buying items that you can do in one solar system. I'd say about 8hrs per playthrough, depending on what you do.Combat is mostly your standard turn based shooter - currently there's no overwatch which is frustrating when you couldn't see the enemy and then get to watch them pound on your unit for a turn till you can do anything - and there's a decent selection of weapon skills in ranged and melee to keep things interesting, plus secondary skills like hacking to back this up.Overall i'd say it's a potentially a great game as long as future content is big enough (which from what i've seen should have no issues being so), and if done right should have a decent amount of replayability too."
76561198133061831,Recommended,465490,25658524,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Gyerbah,"I spent few hours playing and I like it. Nice isometric tactical shooter/ RPG combination. Combat could be faster but... this is EA... and still better than many ""finished"" games. In my opinion this game offers many hours of fun and it will be great when finished. Any fan of Fallout and Wasteland should try it. This is how I imagined Firefly game will look like.  Great work!EDIT: I wrote 1st part of review after 8-9 hours of playing... now after 16 more I have to say more.This game is EPIC! It is great even now, and I bet it will get even better. It is Privateer but you can customize characters and land on planets, fallout but you can fly space ship... It is everything I liked in my favourite games... but now in one game... Stellar Tactics gives you freedom... and takes your life away :)I waited for sooo long for such game. Thank you for making dream true.Speaking of dreams, it's time to get some sleep now...."
76561198019698018,Recommended,465490,25661264,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Osirin,"First entering into the game I felt a bit alone and confused as to what I needed to be doing.I Fumbled about for a minute figuring things out, soon I was given little direction as to what to do next. Unsure I head out and follow instructions.... Now I will stop here, as to go further I would reveal spoilers, but what I am getting at is how my experience parrallels what the PC's would be experiencing. I have always found that to be an excellent quality for getting the player into the game. Few issues keep the game from really shining though, for me in particular, I cannot find an easily readable text for the in game menu, despite trying all the resolution settings. I also had difficulty finding a few objects in the game that I needed to use to progress. I am partially colorblind so this may be why, but perhaps a more effective Highlighting mechanism, as I never noticed much difference when using it in the world. That being said, I keep wanting to go back for more, I am not finding many faults with the game, outside what the Developer has already acknowledged."
76561198007599287,Recommended,465490,25706086,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,gabyhayes,"I have been looking for a game like this for years, it reminds me of the Megatravelers games of the late 80s early 90s for PC.Space exploration, trading, mining and combat on ground and hopefully ship combat. I have only 9 hrs in the game but its all the fun I hope and wish for the game to become.Some of the things that need to be done to make it even better have already been listed in other comments. I hope they get put into the game. If I had seen this game before Sept on Greenlight I would have voted for it but when it came up for sale I bought it right away. I don't write alot of reviews but I like this game alot and I realy hope the Dev gets it completed, best of luck to you from a space fan gamer. Just remember it is in Pre-alpha so please give it a chance. I give this a 10/10."
,Recommended,465490,31312352,Posted: 22 April,all,Nox,"This is a remarkable piece of work done by a game developer striking out on his own that demonstrates that sometimes a single holistic vision beats the burdensome bureaucracies, stultifying politics and stifling committees found in larger development team efforts.There is no single piece of this game I could point to as a design error, which is a remarkable feat for anyone but especially someone shouldering the whole effort.I highly recommend it.  It plays very much like a passible JA2 / Fallout tactics type shooter but without the pitfalls of either and done in a very promising backdrop of open world with all manner of divergent and emergent gameplay potential.The game has a very strong Firefly vibe, and the gameplay really reflects that.  You have a crew, and in the final vision as I understand it you'll be flying that ship around in the natty fringe of the galaxy doing whatever people do to get by."
,Recommended,465490,29796047,Posted: 8 February,all,Nasenbaerus,"I was hoping for a game which plays a bit like Fallout 1 and Fallout 2 with a great scifi setting and my hope wasn't betrayed. This game, although still Early Access and neither finsihed nor polished, is already great. The developer is dedicating much time on his project and interacts in a nice way with the community, not like other wannabe indie devs (if some one thinks ""Derek Smart"": yeah, thats what I mean ^^). If you read the forums he takes suggestions and other input seriously and thinks about how it helps his vision of the game and how it helps the majority of the players or even a fraction of players if it's about convinience (like he streamlined the input system to be entirely controllable by mouse to help out a physical challanged chap, which is a nice move in my opinion).- The graphics are quite good for this kind of game and never hurt my eyes.- The UI is ok and does it's job. While not the best I've seen in such a game it is still better than most.- The combat is work in progress, but the dev takes input from the community about things like the pace and how the players feel about obstacles in the turn based battlegrid creating bottlenecks. However, I enjoyed it very much and I don't expect it to get broken by further adjustments. I trust the dev being sensible. :)- The Titlemusic isn't my cup of tea, but I think of it like some kind of elevator music for games. :P I don't care about it. The Soundeffects in the game are doing their job and didn't annoy me.- The atmosphere of the game is great imhoThe game is quite good in it's current unfinished state and I'm looking forward to play it when it's done. There is so much potential ... :D"
76561198161727612,Recommended,465490,34006413,Posted: 3 August,all,SaintPhillip,"Well, what can I really say other than...WOW.Best way to describe what ive seen thus far is to take Fallout 1/2, throw in a bit of NWN, add some Space Rangers 2 and place it all in an Open World, sandbox-ish enviornment that really does remind me of the old 'traveler' pen and paper RPG.... Now, give it some great writing (rare these days in a crpg) and good lore and you end up with something really, really unique.I'm really happy with this product and only wish I had discovered it sooner- I'm not very far in, but I can see that this is one hell of a game- I'll update my review as I get further in but I can already see the care, love and quality that went into this and that the creator is someone who very much has a love for hardcore CRPG's and this product shows it."
76561197978631326,Recommended,465490,34587683,Posted: 29 August,all,jgkeking,"This game has great potential. The ground combat, which is the only thing that is really ""finished"" is solid and reminds me a lot of UFO Aftermath. The potential back story has a unique idea which could provide a compelling foundation to explore the thousands of worlds this game purports to have. If this game's universe is as big as it claims to be, it's going to take a lot of creative writing to support it. I hope the creator(s) is/are up to the task.Space combat and ship management also looks like it could be a lot fun, but it isn't finished. Factions and side stories could lend a lot to a full game experience, but they aren't developed either. Are you seeing a pattern? This game is really in the skeletal stage. What has been done really leaves you hoping they finish it without rushing or getting tired working on it. If they push it out haphazardly it will be a tremendous disappointment and missed opportunity to create something unique. If they invest the necessary time and energy to polish this title, it will be the kind of thing that becomes a ""must have.""It needs to be noted, however, that if it takes too long momentum will be lost and this game will get left behind by the constant flow of new games. The scuttlebut I read says one guy is working on this. He either needs to chop-chop or hire some help. It's a delicate balance to release a game in a timely manner without shortcutting or releasing an unfinished product. If this game meets it's description and hype it's going to be a LOT of fun."
76561197994419667,Recommended,465490,29473627,Posted: 24 January,all,SkinArena | Admin [#2],"This is an amazing game!. first hour or so, i was regretting buying it as i got lost every five minutes. Then i got out the intro area and started flying my ship around space.... amazing game and such a massive amount of content already! Its like fallout2 crossed with fallout tactics crossed with elite and dangerous. I havnt been this impressed by a game in many years and cant see a reason to ever put this game down"
76561198054140780,Recommended,465490,25662445,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Jubal Early,Let start with the standard PRE-ALPHA disclaimer.I am really enjoying what I am seeing right now. The game is a bit rough but I guarantee that you have seen Beta's less polished than this pre-alpha.I recommend getting this game provided that you understand the games's current state and want to be part of improving it with the very active developer (singular).There is a foundation for an amazing game here. Think Wastelands 2 meets FTL.
,Recommended,465490,26057248,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,WiseWarrior,"Terrible UI, bad options menu, poor controls (sometimes feels completely unresponsive), life story in the tutorial, gameplay... outstanding? No it's not a typo, the game is very good if you can get past the extremely poorly designed UI and controls. It's rare that I would give a game with so many flaws a positive review but you will just have to play it to see why. High hopes for this."
76561198048035257,Recommended,465490,33487671,Posted: 12 July,all,Pherdnut,"Take the original Fallouts and stick 'em in space with what will ultimately be a gigantic dynamically generated universe/sandbox with a healthy dose of scripted content mixed in.This is definitely Early Access in the truest sense of the words but I got about 25 hours out of it before I felt like I ran out of new stuff to see.The game currently consists of a recently much-improved intro mission followed by cruising around a single system in a ship, landing on station/planets and doing some scripted content or just mining astereoids and selling minerals or hitting a series of grind-quests (simple but fun) to level and see what loot you can find.The game's sole developer is very active in engaging with the community and hitting the bug fixes so people can keep playing and give feedback. Updates tend to hit every two weeks or so. We may be a long ways out from final but I would be very surprised if he doesn't finish what he's started giving how engaged he's been so far and how far he'd been at it before the greenlight.For twenty bucks, I'm already pretty happy with the experience I've had and am intrigued by how much more will be coming soon but it's really just some quests, some combat and some wandering around in the starting ship. Non-combat skills aren't really truly in yet. You can't FTL anywhere outside of the system, etc... So if it's your last twenty bucks, maybe get a finished game and don't complain about this one for delivering nothing more than about half a percent of a very intriguing game."
76561198022940619,Recommended,465490,30892102,Posted: 1 April,all,IamRomulas,"A fine peice of work so far; the potential exist for this to be the next Game of the Year when complete.  It very nicely combines the best classic turn based combat games with open space/world exploration like that of FTL, X, and the like.  Is it worth 20 bucks at the moment? Honestly, no.  Is it worth the price to support the Dev so the work can see completion?  Definitive YES!"
,Recommended,465490,28497280,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Atticon,"Stellar Tactics is a Scfi RPG Turn-based game that lives up to every aspect. Right now it is in EA, but that does not mean that it does not deliver. The story unfolds like any RPG would but the story it self is not just one of the best parts of the game. While there are still areas to improve, the combat is more polished then most EA RPG's and it makes for a enjoyable exp for any who love the genre. Leveling reminds me of early SWG, where by working hard with one skill you only make it better. There are lvls in the game along with perks, the more you use a skill the better that char becomes with said skill. It is something that makes your hard work all the more worth it. This game is being made by one Dev who has been pushing update after update, fixing bugs and solving problems and anwsers to any and all that need them and with such a already very decated communtiy growing and only growing larger its safe to say this will be one game to become a steam classic.All and all support the dev help him create what we all have only hoped to see in a game like this. the game does not disappoint and is only going to grow and become bigger and better in the long run and I think I speak for all that have already bought it when I say. It is one you will not regret having.10/10 and if could would buy again"
76561198008501262,Recommended,465490,31614071,Posted: 7 May,all,SheerTorcher,"I am a fan of the TBT and RTT games like XCOM, the UFO series, JA and JA 2, and so on. This game is a worthy and playable successor to JA and XCOM, even in it's current Alpha state, and the promised sandbox / open world features make me look forward to much more. If you're in to TBT's or want to be, I heartily recommend it as well worth the $20. If this developer manages to deliver half of what he's planning, I'd pay 3x that, so I'm glad I got in early.That being said, this is pre-alpha. There are some things in the pre-alpha you should be aware of:There is little quest guidance as to where to head next or find quest objectives, and this makes the beginning/tutorial phase on the Dauntless colony ship slow. I spent most of my time combing the vessel for my next quest objective rather than really playing and enjoying it. So if you know TBT's pretty well already and are willing to learn the hard way, I'd say give the tutorial a miss and dive right in. I wound up googling my way through much of the Dauntless quest progression when I did do it.Currently content gets repetitive between the 12 and 20 hour mark for me. However, I'm only 1/10th to 1/20th of the way through character progression, leaving plenty of room for when the developer adds new content or I return for another fix.It's somewhat unclear from the documentation which features are available and which are planned. If you find yourself confused from time to time, join the club. Just bear in mind that it's a pre-alpha and carry on."
76561198041042640,Recommended,465490,25681514,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dbob,"I'm really enjoying Stellar Tactics thus far, great game. Great storyline, I enjoy combat, and I can see the game has great potential. There are however a few things i would like to see added to the game, but regardless, I'm happy with my purchase. Some mouse over tooltips would be good, eg hovering mouse over a corpse, would tell you its a corpse or who's corpse it is, or hovering over computer terminal would say its a main frame pc etc. A mini map would be cool. Better display and duration of status effects on characters would be handy, and lastly, being able to turn characters to look in a certain direction, without having to move them, but like i said, its still a great game thus far, and these are just my recommendations on what would make it even better."
76561198009290693,Recommended,465490,25692981,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,I_ R0N1N_I,"""Enter a stunning Sci-Fi universe filled with meaningful choices and intrigue. A space exploration RPG that features classless character progression, squad-based tactical ground combat and a living universe where your actions have consequences. Gather your team, equip your ship and explore.""This is the blurb for the game... this is exactly what u get... I could cite many other games in a similar genre(wasteland 2, Fallout tactics, fallout 1 and 2, etc..) this has for me the charm all those other games still have for me as well as a large galaxy to explore (only gripe been the lack of an overwatch option, but it's no biggie as the dev is very responsive to both suggestions and criticism, and thats always a bonus to both players and Dev's, the success of games like empyrion and  ARK bearing testimony to the fact).For me the major draw is the inclusion of a space game which much like ground based side to the game is in gloriously full 3D. Planetside you can zoom all the way in to a third person perspective even though its all point and click...real time movement outside of combat means faster traversal/exploration times..a wealth of options/gear/loot in general kinda round it up for me..And... and a big AND, it's still in pre_alpha. The last game to do this to me :) was empyrion..logged in almost 1,500 hours so far{albeit finally been in alpha}).Defo one to look forward to if u like ur games absulotely complete, if it's ur genre(for those who like another setting for their turn based adventures to get some suggestions in as this looks set to be the next turn based infinite galaxy must have sandbox, now is the time).Not much else to say but nice one dev's it was worth the wait :)"
76561198052155135,Recommended,465490,29800288,Posted: 9 February,all,Dwarkan,"For sci-fi lovers this game is a must.  Creative mix of RPG with space travel, Stellar Tactics will allow you to explore galaxies aboard your ship, mine distant asteroïd fields, trade with orbiting trade depots, and, in the same time, land on mysterious planets and live there with your team a captivating story.Of course this game is still in early access which implies some bugs and incomplete content. But right now the prologue of the game is fully completed, offers hours of game and promises lot of fun for the future."
76561198015343686,Recommended,465490,26597853,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,filmogriter,"Like X-COM? Fallout? Jagged Alliance? Looking for a game to support in EA that is actually worth supporting and stands above any other early access title thrown on Steam (and there are so many of them).I highly recommend getting this game and supporting the continued development.Stellar Tactics, in it's current state, is far better than many full released games I have had the misfortune of wasting my money on in Steam. It's well thought out, well executed and well designed.Stellar Tactics promises to bring together games like X-COM and Entropy while offering you an RPG freedom to create a story and characters of your own. I've been excited for a long time about the possible release of a Firefly computer game and have wished for that type of experience for quite some time. With Stellar Tactics I can now play out that dream.Gameplay is still pre-alpha/alpha and to date I have not experienced any real bugs. Combat, though difficult at times, is well structured and thought out. If you want to survive think about your battles, develop your strategies and manage your crew. I have, on the very odd occasion during battle, come accross a little difficulty selecting move locations for my team, hopefully something that will be looked at in the future.The dynamic RPG skill sytem allows your characters to move in any direction you want. The more they use something the better they become at it. A fantastic system that will change the way you play as you move through the game, giving you endless possible ways to take your characters.When researching this game before purchase (something I religiously do with any game now due to being burnt by complete garbage so many times), I noted quite a few people whinging about the graphics. WHAT? The graphics in my opinion are fantastic and suit the game extremely well. the modular system fits perfectly together with no noticable graphics/texturing glitches and the ambient lighting is well placed to create a great mood to the levels.I'm off the ship now and about to venture into the universe for whatever that may hold and I am looking forward to the experience, especially if it is as good as the one I have had so far. This is a game that wants you to take your time. A game that wants you to think about the decisions you make, the way you train and upgrade your characters. Don't expect to jump in guns blazing from start to finish, instead, expect to have control over the way your story plays out.This is a single developer, a ""one man band"", who to date has created a game a team of 40 would struggle to get right. He's got it right in so many ways and I can't wait to spend ""Skyrim Hours"" in Stellar Tactics. To the developer (Dan Wilkins I think), I know a project like this can be a tough slog at times and you haven't given up yet. DON'T! You should be more than proud of what you have created. Keep up the good work and thanks."
,Recommended,465490,29331070,Posted: 17 January,all,Roxbury,"For a single developer, this game is quite the achivement for where it stands now. I give lots of praise for where the game is now. Yes, it has bugs and issues and i can understand some of the disapointment some people have expressed in the reviews. But seriously, it is done by one dude. Give him some understanding and respect for what has been acomplished so far! I have not played much, I'm kinda waiting a bit for some stability. Mainly i wanted to help fund the game, so to speak. But for the 36ish minutes i have played, it's not bad at all. Give it a try, and above all, give the game and developer some understanding. I look forward to where this game can go."
76561198037834220,Recommended,465490,30343041,Posted: 5 March,all,saa541,"Amazing work so far, very excited to see more coming. A very talented dev. Do not let the attention hungry trolls stop your work! You have an awesome vision and can not wait to see this at completion! Amazing no bugs for a pre alpha. Was great to see battles that were lost due to a few misses! What fun is a battle if you know you will win everytime anyway. Was highly impressed with the devs attention to every concern and negative comment."
76561197971271211,Recommended,465490,30344176,Posted: 5 March,all,Venkman,Having bought a few early access games and been disappointed I was gripped by the story and enjoyed playing through the Prologue.  I'm a fan of turn based games like the XCOM series and this definitely helped scratch that itch.
76561198110052201,Recommended,465490,30363440,Posted: 6 March,all,nzguzzi,"Being that the game is being developed, that text fonts lose readability on higher resolutions, and much of this game is currently placeholders, the game itself looks promising.If you liked Xcom, Shadowrun Chronicle style turn based combat but wanted more of an RPG, do whatever you want, walk around space stations, mine, trade, sell loot etc then this game is worth a look in.The developers are very good on the discussion page and this alone got me to spend my money and help back the games developement.Games graphics obviously will be texture polished in updates, but what we have at the moment works well.The UI is a placeholder and my resolution at max did cause some grief with item descriptions but it is not hard to work out  which part to point at bad guys.Weapons have item quality and can be upgraded with weapon modules, grips, sights, etc.Toons have RPG style stats and level up skillsExp is strange, it works on attacks that hit, so even hitting your team mate in the back with a shotgun can level you up.You can use this to your advantage ( see guides )Mob AI was very predictable, running forward into my assault rifle squad to be mowed down at a doorway bottleneck.I suspect this will change, luckily there are difficulty settings for the Ironman mode eliteists among us.Pros:Guns, lots of guns, grenades, melee weapons, swords, armor, body shields etcUpgrades for everythingMap full camera rotationThe game will have lots of contentCurrently at time of review 10 hours game play time.There is much potential here for a lot of contentCons:Enemy AILoading times between areasConclusion:Give it a go.Read the guides first on tactics/getting the most out of the Dauntless.Turn off auto saveLearn to shoot your team mates in the backUse stun grenades on bosses"
76561198006528043,Recommended,465490,29064155,Posted: 6 January,all,Jester,"X-Com meets Diablo...YES!Only real cons: It's still pre-Alpha, so are there minor issues? Sure, for example, I can't have a medic who specializes with pistols because medpacks use the same weapon slots and I'm unable to make a pistol my primary weapon. /shrugThat's soooo minor compared to what *is* possible that I hesitate to even mention it. The lack of a mini-map is also annoying from time to time.Pro's: Absolutely everything else...the entire combat system is already VERY strong (though I felt like it might almost have been too difficult if I had not been stingy with my grenades and saved them for boss fights). Terribly engaging, classless system allows for wide customization of your team, from planetside combat to crew-skills that let you fight starship to starship.Very highly recommend this title."
,Recommended,465490,30801315,Posted: 28 March,all,Bazza>XI<,"A nice challenging tactical game. a few bugs, hopefully will be ironed out. The main hardship is managing your supply of ammo.Just waiting for full game now, i have my ship waiting with the FTL drive. HOPE i haven't got to do the 1st two missions again :PLoving it, even the mining, tho i do wish you could jettison waste stuff.9/10 for enjoyability."
76561198043449085,Recommended,465490,32639768,Posted: 22 June,all,l2plur,"Let me start with a thank you to developers for adressing and fixing the issues that made the experience unpleasant for me. I am truly impressed with swiftness and quality of changes made after my negative feedback.Stellar tactics is a work in progress, real time with turnbased combat mechanics, tactics (duh) game set in a sci-fi universe. Story is generic, but somehow easy to follow. So far there are 2 major game mods:- Wandering around, fighting and exploring locations for loot, switching to turn based combat whenever enemy is sighted (Just like Wasteland, Fallout 1&2, etc etc)- Flying around in your spaceship, exploring, traveling between quest hubs and missions.Although spaceship part is nothing to brag about at the moment of this review, looks like soon there will be much more to it (mining, space battles, etc)Things I like about Stellar tactics:- Randomly generated universe, hence replay value- Character stats and skills, especially the way they improve (e.g. using rifles increase your rifles skill)- Combat, nothing really new there, but somewhat satisfying- Loads of weapons, armor and usable items, color coded for rarity with a clear tooltip- Lighting and shadows look lovely- Remade prologue mission looks great, very good job devs!- Clean UI with helpful features like ""reload all"" button to make your whole squad reload their currently equipped weapon.- Overall dameplay design and mechanics- Regular updates and the way devs deal with feedback- Pretty graphicsThings that I would love to see improved:Character animations:- movement in particular. That half a second delay between clicking and your carachter starting to ""accelerate"" makes it feel weird, not responsive.- Mozzle flash, to make shots feel ""crispier""- Shot sounds are not bad, but not great either- Invisible boxes around the characters, that prevent clicking on anyhting but the caracter. Have to twist the camera around a lot, especially when it gets crowded in melee or you need to move character just a little.- Impact animation, for guns and melee weapons. Heavier weapons = heavier impact, e.g. Knife stab and chaingun volley look and feel different (sound and animation wise)- Close/loose formation button, It sucks when enemy appears and one or of two of the characters are the whole turn away before can engage.- Added and improved armor and weapon textures- Simple cover syslem would be niceVerdict:I realize the game is in pre-alpha stage, but the work done so far is amazing, in my opinion. This project is definately worth to support. If you like tactics games like Extraterrastrials, Fallout 1, 2 & Tactics, Wasteland 2, etc, this is a game for you. Devs are doing a stellar (tehe) job, responding to feedback and with your support and frequent large updates, this will be a great game in no time.  8/10"
76561198093693115,Recommended,465490,28017716,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,agbrandt7830,"For a game still in Early Release this game is well polished. This game takes a gamble on how leveling up your squad and how their skills improve. Rather than focus on skill points after level up, character's skills improve as they preform tasks. The combat is fantastic as you are able to influence where you attack.Now keep in mind that this is still a work in progress so many features remain undeveloped or unfinished. However updates and patches are periodically released to improve the game.Overall I believe this is a dimond in the rough and when it's been fully released it will shine like so many other games."
76561197977002800,Recommended,465490,30565526,Posted: 17 March,all,biosemtex,"This game is awesome. A beautiful turn based sci-fi RPG that hits you right in the sweet spot!  Of all the EA games I have ever played, this one has the greatest potential. Please tell me there is a whole team working on this! not just one guy?! The entire time I was playing it, I was saying to myself, ""this is just the alpha..."" This game deserves your support. Stellar Tactics is a diamond in the rough."
76561198006703997,Recommended,465490,29654438,Posted: 2 February,all,mikeydredd,"Firstly this game is pre Alpha early access, but having said that it is still a great game.  If you like tactical combat (similar to shadowrun games) then as it stands with a few more scenarios it would easily be worth the price as is.Obviously it being in such an early stage it is a risk but I believe a risk worth taking, as it stands it is a good game, if the Dev does half of what he plans its will be a great game, if he des most/all of what is planned it will be an awesome game.Why trust such an early game?1) the Dev has put forward a clear plan/route, while not making any claims that it will be finished by such and such a date2) The Dev replies to all comments promptly3)The devis obviously invested in this game, and it is obviously a labour of love - just read his coments.So is it worth a punt.  Yes a definate yes - supporting a truly indy developer, and what looks to be an amazing game with so many features is worth any risk for the small price.If you like this style of game buy it and support an amazing project"
76561197980529456,Recommended,465490,25815125,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,wolvesclaw,"Played through the Stellar Tactics Prologue.  I am very impressed with this game.  It has real potential.  It reminds me of the Megatraveller games in content, with an old school RPG feel for playability and combat.  Similar to early Fallout or Arcanum, except you also are in a huge universe, with a ship, that is full of Ancient Ruins, Warring Houses, Planets  and Stations to explore, Trade, etc.  Lots of fun things to do and explore.What I really thought was cool were the twists in the story in the prologue.The Pre-Alpha version actually runs pretty well and the developer is very responsive to feedback."
76561198040257715,Recommended,465490,33598735,Posted: 16 July,all,Banichi,"I was very sceptical when i first saw this, i have invested in way to many indie/eary access games. So i will make this as simple as possible. I am AMAZED at the simplicity and complex nature of it. It reminds me of playing Travellers PNP, I totally recommend this game. Good Hunting All!"
76561198035901158,Recommended,465490,34063318,Posted: 6 August,all,Zimzim,"Wow, i love it.  I am done with the intro, have been through the explore the research facility mission 4 or 5 times, always different.  Loads of skills to work with, lots of different gear and weapons, and bonuses to items.  rotating weapons helps keep ammo supplies full, and keeps skills growing.  superb game so far, i look forward to lots more content, and highly recommend it to anyone who's been playing games since the old days of pools of radiance.  you will love it"
76561198032794688,Recommended,465490,25717342,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,greyfox452,"This is a great game so far, outstanding for early access.  9 hours of gameplay at the time of this review and no crashes.  I see some minor issues, such as skills which don't seem to be leveling, but nothing game breaking.  Concept is great.  Gameplay is fun and boss fights are challenging.I blundered into one fight and most of my party went down mostly due to the boss' powerful energy weapon.  Thought I was going to lose, but managed to get his allies to block his line of sight on my last character while I was able to chip away at his health.  It took all my health kits, fire and retreat tactics, use of cover and mutant meat shields to survive, but I managed a very satisfying win, just barely.  If I had reloaded I could probably have won much easier and using less resources, but it is a moment like this which really makes a game memorable.One small critique though is that my tactic would not have worked against a human or better AI.  While the boss was physically blocked from moving to me or shooting me by his minions, he could have moved a little to where he could have shot me, or taken cover so I couldn't shoot him.  With better planning I should have been able to win the fight using tactics and without essentially exploiting the limitations of the AI.  Removing some of those limitations would make the game much harder though.Bottom line this game is great as it is and I look forward to seeing it get even better.  If you like RPGs, Sci-fi, space games and tactical combat you should enjoy this game."
76561197991781827,Recommended,465490,34464273,Posted: 24 August,all,Achilles,"This game is awesome. I started playing and just couln't stop (until i reached the end of what story they had)the system in place is great, I know some people have complained but in my experience this game is normalfor isometric turn-based play. I'm very eager to see what new content is added. I will be looking for more gamesfrom this Dev in the future."
76561198006776297,Recommended,465490,29735706,Posted: 5 February,all,<Degens[AT]>,The game is pre-alpha but has great potential.If you like Jagged Alliance-Style Games you should give this game a try.Also the Story is intressting and the developer is very aktive.edit: gone through the prologue and was a great experience. Can´t wait for more!
76561198029087673,Recommended,465490,31187454,Posted: 16 April,all,swordfish,"I have always loved Tactical RPG's this one brings to life that old schoolfeel yet with all the excitement and exploration of games that are bigger.Even though this game is in early stages, you can tell the developers arecommitted to their project and they have their hearts in the game.The game has a number of nice little touches that make it comfortable to play,quick to learn yet not a game that you grow tired of. You always want to get to thatnext part, station, quest, mission etc...From the start you can tell that this game will be a game that evolves as you play,from player skills, to weapons, gear and even your own space ship. You feelin control of your team and their growth and development.Sure there are a few bugs, however the devs are quick to work on them and they areamazing in how fast they react and respond to comments in the forums.This will be one of those games that you are glad that you purchased and you lookforward to the patches and updates, because the developers are right there withtheir players, having fun and making this a game we all want to play.Great Job!I left all the technical stuff and spoilers out of my review on purpose,I leave everyone else do that. I wanted to simply let you know that thisgame is a gem that is being polished by the devlopers and it will shinebright when full release day comes."
76561198062786752,Recommended,465490,26606597,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,lonewolf3135,"Warning this is a pre-alpha game meaning that it is still in developement and not the full game yet, so don't expect it to be a long/finished game.That being said, this game has a LOT of promise and potential.The gerne of this game is unique in that it is a turn based sci fi/sandbox/space sim. This game is basically what mass effect and X Rebirth should have been more like IMO, less graphics, more character and freedom.Although everything is not yet active this game seems like it will mix the best parts of my favorite types of games, so if you liked games like All of the Fallout Series, X3, Dead State, Age of Decadence, Shadowrun, then this game will likely be what your looking for.Combat: ATM reminds me of fallout 2 (which for me is a good thing,) basically your aiming for a body part. It still needs some polish and adjustments, but all in all pretty good. It has a few tough fights and was interesting enough to keep me playing. The progression of weapon skills is a big plus for me.Story Line: It has a fairly good story so far, Some of what happens seems... well I would not want to spoil anything, but lets just say I was hoping for a less ""chosen one"" story personally. I was hoping for more of a create your on path, good or evil. Although the game is not finished so that could still be a possiblilty.Atmosphere: This is where I think the game shines the most for me so far. I was taken in by the fact that I can walk around freely then hop in a spaceship and fly around freely there as well. It gives you more of that sci fi character that so many AAA sci fi games lack now-a-days.Game Mechanics: I cant really say much about this one since the game is still in pre alpha and many are not yet active. I will say there is still room for improvement on the ones that are, but again it is still in developement.Developer: I think what really sets this game apart is how active the dev is, seems to actively look for feed back and ways to improve the game.Overall: I really love this game so far. If you understand that it is not finished, enjoy sci fi turn based sandboxes, are willing to wait and want to support great games. Then I would recommend this game. If your looking for a fully polished and complete game then I would recommend following or putting this one the wishlist for now."
76561197992135430,Recommended,465490,29218893,Posted: 12 January,all,SouthLane,"Firstly; This is not your usual EA lucky-bag app.  This game is a large ambitious project.So what do you have?You have turn based tactical combat, fully animated with true LOS.  You also have the neat ability to fine-tune your attacks, hold down 'alt' and pick the body part you want to shoot/hit.You have a more than competent character generator, portrait, skills, traits, etc:You have free roam space exploration.  Yep! you fly a space ship in a massive seed based universe. Your characters take up stations on said spaceship.Story is cliche but well told.The developer seems to be dedicated and very skilled.  The speed in which he works is quite amazing, not to mention his decision to change engine mid production.  I have known other dev's faced with engine change abandon the present project and move on to their next, but this developer doesn't seem to mess about, he get's the job done.  You have to respect that.The game is fun to play even at this early stage, and the vision of what it's to become would make the final game, fantastic, no doubt on that score.Is this game worth your support?  Yes, very much so.*Review will be updated as development progresses."
76561198027449921,Recommended,465490,25704082,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,cygnus09,"Just bought this game, after watching a play review on YouTube.  Yes! This game is a keeper...I played for it for two hours.  I had to stop, only because I need to go to work.  The graphics are very awesome...gameplay...is smooth.  I had a little problem figuring how to do combat.  All and all this is a must buy!"
76561197991822063,Recommended,465490,32510621,Posted: 17 June,all,SoulsandBlood,"This game is amazing for a indie dev.  Great tactical gameplay and fairly good graphics.  I have just scratched the surface and find it hard to stop playing.  For 20$ this is an absolute steal.  If the like Xcom, Original Jagged Alliance games, Wasteland and other tactical games this is a must have."
,Recommended,465490,30299931,Posted: 3 March,all,CallmeNezo,"For me, this game feels alot like a mix of Underrail and Wasteland 2 just in space. I have waited long 4 a new game that should differently give 50+ hours of gameplay at some point.  And another thing, you can't not love the intro music.Buy the game its already 4 me the full price worth.I almost can't wait for what the game has to offer in the future"
76561197975123078,Recommended,465490,30302420,Posted: 3 March,all,Kinfolk,"So, Ive just read the review on Rock Paper Shotgun - and I must disagree. The Prologue is a bit clucky but it is pre=alpha. And as for such an early state I must say I really liked it. The combat is ok (maybe some perks in the future will make it a little bit more dynamic). The story looks promising. The space travel is way too slow but it has potential.I have high hopes for this game - as for today it should be a free demo but I understand that they need $ for development - and I did agree to support the devs by buying this demo with the promise of full exciting game.I cannot reccommend the game for everybody - but if you are able to make a leap of faith for 20 EUR - then go for it. I am happy with this promise."
,Recommended,465490,30871805,Posted: 1 April,all,danielxancient,"Stellar Tactics looks so good)Ive been playing Stellar Tactics for an about 20 h and I must say that the early acces content is very promising and satisfactory. The developer keeps in touch with gamers and what most important he is listening to them.The graphics are gorgeus looking and what I like most is the physics of characters; the way they run or walk it just look so natural.Don't get me wrong there is still a bit of work to be done to improve some visual and sound effects but this will be implementet in near future.So basicly you are in distant future where humanity left for stars. I don't want to spoil to much by writing all the background story etc, etc. but what I am going to tell you is that Stellar Tactics will give you:- character customization and progression- tactical combatat at it's best- space travel and space combat (it will be implementet in future updates)- exploration- mining- mystery- looting- locker/safe hacking- crafting- modification to your weapon- augmentation of your skills by using implants.To sum up it looks like the content of Stelalar Tactics is going to be huge, I enjoyed the character creation and progression, I love the combat( despite few glitches here and there) and obviously I love the idea of space traveling and discovering new planets, asteroids fields etc,etc.If the developers stick to their promises the Stellar Tactics may become one of the greatest in S/F strategy/rpg  genre.PS.: I was recently exchanging few emails with the developer of Stellar Tactics and I was told that he is currently working on enemy AI  and after this he will start on space combat.After that he will  open up the FTL gates and all 10000 sectors for everyone."
76561198008292499,Recommended,465490,33839676,Posted: 27 July,all,namdinh00,This is a good game! Love the tactical rpg play. Need work on missions though and also need to reduce the gravity well distance. Very annoying because most of the stations are around the planet and avoiding the gravity well is a pain. I am waiting for the next update and hopefully get some new ships.Overall: I love the idea and giving it a 8/10 for now ;).
76561198005541878,Recommended,465490,30305870,Posted: 3 March,all,J&D,"I purchased this game due to it reminding me of the original Fallout and others such as Wasteland 2.  I have played about 8 hours of the game thus far and am quite impressed for an early access game.  Here are some quick thoughts for those that may be wondering if an early access/under development purchase would be worth it:Pros:-	Normal/easy point and click movement system, screen scrolling, panning and zoom.-	Graphics are good with more updates coming along.-	Excellent depth of character development processes.-	Good story.-	Excellent item/weapon variety and loot variations.-	Skill trees make sense.-	Developer response very quick to comments, bug reports, and suggestions and takes them serious while also sharing own thoughts and possible plans concerning player submissions.-	Rapid improvements and patches.Cons:-	Cover (visual only) mechanics absent at this time.-	Some item graphic mechanics need tweaking.-	Various mechanic bugs (no crashes experienced yet though).Summary:  The pros far outweigh the cons as this is a game under development and issues are to be expected through various updates, graphic and mechanic improvements, etc.  Many aspects are still missing from the game but it shows the excellent potential of the game as upgrades and process are injected over time.Recommendation:  If you like challenging strategic turn based combat and RPGs with high replay ability and depth this game is not disappointing even in an early access/under development process.  I would recommend purchase.  It is playable now though it goes without saying that your progress is limited to future updates as it is not yet complete.  I believe the price was well worth the content already provided at this time and a great deal compared to what it will look like when complete."
76561198034508504,Recommended,465490,30329276,Posted: 4 March,all,Thad_R,"Good game definately has a lot of potential.Currently the storyline is currently quite short, offering a few hours of content after which you can do as you please with no further questline. A lot of the main features listed in the discription are not currently implemented. This is stated in the description as well, however keep in mind when I say a lot,I mean a lot.Has a solid gameply foundation which I found quite enjoyable. There are some optimisation issues, stuttering ocassionally and very long loading time, but that will eventually be improved I'm sure.Overall I was quite satisfied with this game, and I'm looking forward to more content in the future."
76561197978422124,Recommended,465490,25698878,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BattleBuddy,"The Early Access in its current state is playable prologue that lasts about 10 hours. I started playing on day one and we had bugs, game stopping bugs, that the dev fixed pretty darn fast. Do not purchase this expecting a full game right now.That being said, I absolutely love the game already. Combat is hard but fair, the storyline is surprisingly good, and there are a ton of different weapons already in the game.What I'm looking forward to: Space combat, crafting, visiting as many sectors as I can before I die of old age, punching aliens to death, punching humans to death with aliens, buy and customizing different ships, being an♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pirate, and many other colorful things.You can wait to buy it when it hits Beta as by then most of the features I'm looking forward to should be in it in one form or another. I don't think I've ever looked forward to content updates as much as I currently am and will be for Stellar Tactics."
76561197988042756,Recommended,465490,25694434,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,BloodstainedMF,"Good game. Had fun finishing the Prologue, cant wait till the rest to comes out. Love the combat! You can Aim where you want to hit on the enemys, each place hit can do differant states of effect, like a crippleing blow, a hobbling blow, a stunn effect. The Graphics  are nice, well done for just one developer. But what i reallt like is the large range of items and wepons in the game and its just a Prologue! I am very impressed by this game."
76561197989521605,Recommended,465490,31434034,Posted: 29 April,all,Hellkyte,"Ever wonder what it would be like if you combined Rebel Galaxy and Jagged Alliance?  Wonder no more.  Seriously this game has a LOT going on in it for an alpha.  It IS an alpha though, so of course it's a bit unpolished, but good lord I've seen full releases with more problems.  There is an insane amount of potential here and the developer is working like a madman cranking out updates on a rapid basis.  This week there have been NINE updates.  I mean wow."
76561198001959182,Recommended,465490,26193815,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Tempered,"This game is one worth watching.  The developer is very active in the community and on top of any bugs that show up. It is still in very early access with many features missing, and about 20 or more hours of game content currently implemented. So if you don't want to help finance the development of the game, you may want to wait before purchasing.The game plays much like x-com or Jagged Alliance in space, with space ship travel inbetween stations and planetary landing zones. Future additions will include ship to ship combat, mining, and sandbox game play in a large universe along with the main story line."
76561198113694148,Recommended,465490,30763633,Posted: 26 March,all,darcwolf619,I always like a good SRPG and this fill that astronomicaly well. Pun intended.once finished and polished i will probably wind up with quite a few hundred hours just with what i have seen so far.
76561198089981309,Recommended,465490,28673005,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DarkKnight MC,Early access game and it's brilliant so much potential for this game if you like your space games and turnbased RPG then buy it's worth it lots to see and do.
,Recommended,465490,28781672,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jak-PumPkinK,"Great Game, love the idea and the difficulty of the game. Waiting on Alpha"
76561198059331653,Recommended,465490,26611116,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,nevyn0ad,"Disclamer, This is a Pre Alpha early release game at the time I write this review.This was a lot of fun for a pre alpha, showcasing a lot of good potential and some nice flow.The ground combat mechanics seem far more polished compared to the space mechanics at this point, with the skill system feeling very smooth.Space flight has a small problem with taking a while to get places, but that will likely be alleviated with upgrades to your ship, and a slightly better autopilot system will solve nearly all the complaints I actually had.All in all, if it continues in this way, worth the buy."
76561198005667708,Recommended,465490,26716723,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Hesmah,"The game is still in a quite early phase, and I had some concerns regarding combat and gameplay. (Mostly the sluggish animations and free healing between fights.) The dev was quick to answer that the issues have been noted and will be worked on, and I can say I'm really looking forward to the game getting updated.Even though I decided to wait for now, I got 8 hours of good fun, and I don't regret buying into the EA at all. If you don't want to buy into the quite early version, it's definitely worth hitting that ""follow"" button and checking it out in the future."
76561197992224591,Recommended,465490,25767263,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,[WBB]Sp@ceweed,Only proloog game at this moment (short but good). I want more :-) I can say it rocks for me. Old style PC (286/386) Like Megatraveller 2 quest for ancients from 1991. I loved that game and i have it in a dry/dark place in my house where all my OLD software is. (foto of box in NEW shape is coming contains 3 floppys + nice manual). I can say this game (stellar)  has better looks. And hope a good story 2 so far Kewl.Well i don't wanna sell u a game but if u loved that MT serie here is a good follow up in this gerne.There is almost no voice so u have to read alot. The only minus point on my side is the long loading time. Its THE ALPHA so it can change. Prologe is about 20 hrs play if u read slow/loading time/fighting/mining for FTL.Verdict GOOD GAME 4 PPL who are not in a hurry
76561198006825419,Recommended,465490,25699138,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Volkira,"Been waiting a long time for a game like this.Finally a space,tade,explore,fight game with 10,000 sectors randomly seeded with a turned based rpg a la Wasteland 2 used to explore the ground content.A massive sandbox with a story driven Questline that can be followed or not.As of Sept 2016 the Early Access has a Prologue that sets up the history and beginning of the story with ground content and only space flight in your current system.The forums are very positive in regards to feedback and people are eager to get more content."
76561197971968447,Recommended,465490,31725929,Posted: 13 May,all,peth,"Be warned ! This game is damaging my health. Bought it on a whim and now ca'nt stop playing it.Its first class .Ace. Great !   Guys you must Buy this Game and suffer too.   Thats enough praise,must get back to Stellar Tactics."
76561198010925173,Recommended,465490,25663419,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,patric111958,"I really like this game and think it has great potential.  It is a Pre-alpha, but is already very playable and seems pretty stable.  I can tell that the developer has already put a lot of work into it and in my opionion has done a very good job.  I'm looking forward to seeing where it will go from here."
76561198042521134,Recommended,465490,33063440,Posted: 30 June,all,largepaw,"Great game, for being in devlopment stage there is true potenial here. Dev is quick to smash bugs and really listens to the community. Can't wait for the finished product. I recommend to pick it up now as theres plenty of content to be played. Won't go wrong with this buy."
,Recommended,465490,30274664,Posted: 2 March,all,Mr.Solus,i was waiting something like this for 20 years XD...i was planning to make something like Fallout 2 with exploring planets and so on....nice work so far
76561198005733436,Recommended,465490,30618134,Posted: 19 March,all,Tdawg,Great sci-fi game! The story is great and the fighting is first rate-tough but fair. I recommend this game to anyone who likes sci-fi and RPG's.
76561197989973727,Recommended,465490,31309701,Posted: 22 April,all,LogicalPremise,"I was surprsingly pleased by this EA game. While it certainly has it's share of bugs and glitches as with any alpha, the scope and planned feature sets are nice, while even at this early stage enough has been done (and done well) to give confidence that the features planned are achievable.As a mix of Sentinel Worlds, X-COM and Silent Storm, you can't really go wrong with this. I've spent twice as much on games that were complete kusage."
76561198088591041,Recommended,465490,27539044,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ramiro,"Excellent game, great expectations for crafting, weapon mods, fleet combat, fleet management and market."
76561198151294558,Recommended,465490,27359166,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,severiclol,"Enjoyed the game so far. Vary stable, only thing I would add would be a map/compass. Have not played top down in awhile. Easy to get turned around when your rotateing views  for hit location."
76561198006648591,Recommended,465490,29558113,Posted: 28 January,all,Madnuss,"Not a fan of early access, but man...this game is a GEM!.Its like fallout 1/2 in space sandbox style!. Yes its still a bit rough cuz of EA....., but from what ive seen during my playtime this game is shaping up to be something really special.MUST BUY if you're a fan of games like baldurs gate, fallout 1/2, icewinddale, Xcom etc."
76561197978094429,Recommended,465490,31201962,Posted: 17 April,all,Wolf,I just bought this game today and only put a short time into it so far. But I have to say I'm hooked. Looking forward to putting lots of hours into it. Hope the best for its future development.
76561198008961490,Recommended,465490,29551893,Posted: 28 January,all,Dogtix,"Even in pre-alpha, with just the prologue playable, Stellar Tactics is exceptionally fun. Turn based squad combat rpg with some Elite thrown in. I'm happy to back it in this state, and really look forward to see what they come up with."
,Recommended,465490,28904294,Posted: 1 January,all,oconnorn,I am thoroughly enjoying this game and can see its massive potential.If you’re on the fence about getting it don’t be. Buy it and enjoy it.
,Recommended,465490,31414988,Posted: 28 April,all,palathas,"I do recommend this game as it has great potential but I personally haven't had much success. I found it way too hard. Generally you are faced with greater odds and they always have more attacks than you do, so it all comes down to whether you get luck rolls or not. More often it's not. It's certainly not balanced or equal as all your skills are more or less too low to count for anything. So there's a heck of a lot of reloading. To me that's not a challenge.Unfortunately I didn't get too far in and see all of what the game has to offer because I got gated at the Spider Queen and her 8 minions that kill a character in one turn each. I tried grenades but they don't show their AoE so you generally kill yourself as much as the enemy, it's a game not real life...If you are a sadist you'll love it but I wish it had a bit more playability. I was definitely suffering from the problem where all indications showed that I hit but the enemy took no damage. Maybe I should try again...."
76561198018949706,Recommended,465490,34737205,Posted: 4 September,all,Shitty Biscuit,"If you're a fan of RPGs like Baldur's Gate and NWN then you will likely find this game as intriguing as I do.  It does have a lot more potential to achieve, but the vision is very clear and the execution thus far is more than enough to entertain.  I recommend it for fans of the genre who want to encourage more developers to provide fantastic content and experiences."
76561197989105719,Recommended,465490,31180050,Posted: 16 April,all,CoffeeCrank,"I've only scratched the surface, but the game seems compelling and entertaining. The story has depth and is interesting in my opinion and is defiantly worth a try and an early access shot."
76561198091925577,Recommended,465490,31476784,Posted: 30 April,all,Reaper,"Good game, tons of promise, if you're looking for something like Wasteland however, this is certainly not it. Quite slow in terms of combat and movement, dialogue is superb if a bit wordy at times. Storytelling gets a 7/10 in my 1.5 hours. Graphics are meh (as seen in screenshots of game). Overall has a very unique spin on the squad based RPG genre.TL;DRGood gameWorth moneyGood storyCrap graphicsSlow game"
76561198101572468,Recommended,465490,25717818,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Neo007,"This game has the potential in terms of story, mechanics and depth to be truly epic.I don't say this lightly as I was skeptical to invest in this game but I am very happy my money went to supporting this one man dev team. One MAN! The support is completely deserved if this pre-alpha is an indication of what's to come this game could be not just good but historic. With that said, its rough around the edges while great for a pre-alpha it has a very long way to go before its complete. This game reminds me of older games with greater quality and depth than we tend to get in more modern games. These are games like Arcanum, fallout, jagged alliance and xcom. Look them up if you don't know about them, they are all amazing and highly classic and influential games they serve as a ""gold standard"" for more modern attempts such as wasteland 2, divinity original sin and age of decadence. They also all share something in common apart from quality they are huge deep games that take some time to uncover and fully appreciate the joy they offer.In other words, you need to play this game for a few hours and have some patience to get passed the slower pace. Which for me hasn't been an issue as I use a third party application to speed up travelling and battles. The dev has been very responsive so he may add an in game way of speeding up the animations in the future. This game is great and worth the money as long as you are a fan of  the following: ""old school"" quality isometric rpgs, character customization, great story, space ohh and fun well designed games! Highly recommended.I may update this review as new features get released or I complete the prologue."
76561198039035120,Recommended,465490,30214868,Posted: 26 February,all,Yatagarasu,*Engaged in Combat**Has my character right next to the enemy**Checks accuracy**Sees 101% chance of hit**Takes the shot**Shot misses and hits my other character on the other side**Kills my other character**Enemy's turn**Enemy triple Crit Melee's**My character dies*Me: *XCOM PTSD Flashbacks*
76561198008534531,Recommended,465490,25654498,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,zonemagorgo,I like what I am seeing so far. It is Early Access so obviously there are some things that need to be worked on. It runs smooth and I haven't encountered any game breaking bugs. That is all I have to contribute as of now but I am going to play some more soon.
76561197976889033,Recommended,465490,25861151,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,voracious,really neat game I like it alot ..... accept the ui the thing about the ui is it doesn't want to be a ui it wants to be a pony and you can't make it be a ui ....the game is just extreamy unresponsive you have to spam click and click on everything like 50 times
76561198027039395,Recommended,465490,25955120,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Delta1,"This is a great game for an Early Access game! The Prologue is about 10 hours long, but it is a great start to the game! I am looking forward to seeing what the Alpha is like. There are some bugs, but the developer has been VERY active at getting them fixed and has made a great game so far. I recommend this game. This can only get better in my opinion. But keep in mind this is an early access game and still has a bunch of features and story to still be added to it. It reminds me of the 80's and 90's games we all played growing up. This is a one man team and they have done an amazing job so far!"
76561198018766147,Recommended,465490,26192953,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,The Borg,for the begginning of a game so far its bloody fantastic anyone who wants what should be able to turn into a classic should buy this and support the developer
76561198032962520,Recommended,465490,25953649,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Beefybeefybeef,"This is only Pre-Alpha but I have already sunk more hours into this than many AAA games. The game has plenty of depth and when it is finished it will have very high replayability value.If you are a fan of Sci-fi RPGs this is one to look at. Reminds me of aspects of Fallout, XCOM, Megatraveller and Starflight.There are a few minor issues but the game is very playable and dev is very active within the forums and is listening to feedback.Definitely recommended. I can't wait for the whole universe to be unleashed."
76561197991502732,Recommended,465490,25922985,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,warrenchew,"A realy great game with a realy great Developer!I am very surprised to see the user reviews at time of writing this at 78%. This game should be high 80's in my opinion and once complete could well be in the high 90's.It has huge potential and the core building blocks are already in place.Take a look at the community posts from others that have backed the game, There is a good reason why so many people are so very positive about the games developement. it's just so much fun with so much more to come!definetly one to get behind now."
76561198009625077,Recommended,465490,28650317,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Regok,"Great game, lots of fun and lots to do. Highly reccomend it."
76561198013097108,Recommended,465490,28672870,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wraith,"I have been burned before by early access but this game drew me in and I am glad it did.So far only the tutorial and the first mission for the game is really complete and I have to say there have been AAA games with less in the way of play area.No it's not finished but if the path stays clear, this game has an emense replay value. There are errors and problems but EA has released completed games with a hundred times more. The reaction times for your characters is slow and cluncky, desiding some times to ignore you all together and do thier own thing.The game is/can be brutal and not reloading after a fight can be the deciding factor in the next. At the start you are no stronger or better than the weakest of your opponents and to get better you have to work at it.The story is at time a little light on the ground and at other times forcing itself in your face like a over excited adult entertainer. At times feeling you are a NPC in your own story as you are shuffled from point A to point B under the direction of others. This kind of game play is good for a while when finding your feet but when one of the main NPC's says ""I want you to recruit a squad of mercenaries and take the fight to them."" You expect to be doing just that. The whole point of the game is you recruit and train a squad to go around with and bring some pain to the bad guys where ever you find them, which I happily do with as many grenades as I can find. Paying for the grenades by mining or selling loot.The problem is, due to the story being so hard in your face, you are stuck with three characters that you have no choice but to take with you. On the face of it, not a bad thing. Here comes the BUT.You fight and train the three characters (two of whom are gained through story) and at some point not yet in the game you will be expected to leave these two who you have molded into a team with skills that compliment each other as well as ammunition. This means the chances are you will have to find new recruits at some point who are untrained and don't have the skill to use your higher class weapons that require skill newbies don't have in order to use.I will be following this game with great interest as it so far does everything I look for in a bit of squad based tactical game play with a story that sets the scene well even if the history is lacking or being forced down your throat like... well use your imagination...I give it a hopeful thumbs up :)"
,Recommended,465490,29368972,Posted: 19 January,all,[BoTM] [GS]Ourous,Early access done right! Already better than most full release games these days.
76561198083608467,Recommended,465490,29542196,Posted: 28 January,all,dragonfrog1,well for starters I don't usually do any kind of review however I must say I really like this game and can't for the pre-alpha to end and the alpha to begin I want to explore all the world and see what is out there. I would also like to cont. the story line. So with that said hop to it I don't want to wait for years to keep going.
76561198007645492,Recommended,465490,29155388,Posted: 9 January,all,Kelly502Inf,"So far so great! I love the turn based combat! I'm a sci-fi lover, and Stellar Tactics hooked me big time!! Easy to understand, yet complex enough to keep me very interested!! Squad tactics and the story in the beginning are great! The game designer says it's vast, so Im looking forward to hours on end of getting lost into it!I'll review more as I get deeper into the game."
76561198001875170,Recommended,465490,27230720,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,King Willie,"Although still in early access, the game is shaping up to be a nice buffet of sci-fi, rpg, tactical, pew-pew goodness!"
,Recommended,465490,28970034,Posted: 3 January,all,ronstadt,J'encourage le jeu parce qu'il est original. Il est cependant en accès anticipé... et oui ça se sent. Les (le?) créateur(s) du jeu ont inventé une histoire qui est assez passionante. les voyages dans l'espace et ce qu'ils impliquent sont abordés de manière intelligente.Personnellement je vais arrêter de jouer en attendant la sortie officielle ;)I support the game because it is very special and original. Though it is not finished... and that's obvious. The creator has invented a very appealing story. travels through space and their implications are tackled in a very smart manner. I love it.
76561197962798281,Recommended,465490,27250535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vato4Loko,Not bad for early access.  Small development team but responds and is constantly releasing patches. Cant wait for more content.
,Recommended,465490,35092416,Posted: 20 September,all,UK_John,"This is a great ""space baldur's gate"" to my mind. Still not even in beta and the content has at least 20 hours in it! Love how the dev reponds to questions and problems and the regular updates!I love old-school cRPG's with tons of skills, stats, items and crafting, plus a great story. So far, this early game has them all.It is so easy to give this game a very positive review!"
76561198007178612,Recommended,465490,25699245,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Diarmuhnd,"Edit: this launch, is actually a ""Pre-Alpha : Stellar Tactics : PrologueWell. I'm over 10 hours now. So i feel i ahve a good enough grasp of the game to give it an initial review. I will update this as needed as the game develops.I like it, alot.Stellar Tactics shows Alot of promise at becoming an amazing game once it reaches Full Release.Please keep in mind, if you do get this game, it is early access Pre-Alpha. The Dev has posted a clear roadmap & has delivered a good *(my opinion is its 'above average' actually) early access launch. Gamebreaking bugs are being worked on a.s.a.p. & the Dev is now trying not to get burried under the growing mountains of suggestions and praise for his efforts. (& prolly trying to find a few moments where he can grab some sleep, food or other stuff ^^)There's a twitch stream running and I'm sure someone will do some vids for replays soon enough on the Stellar Tactics: Prologue's content. So you should be able to see for yourself what this tactical combat rpg plays like for yourselves.I am eagerly looking forward to future content, that will expand on being in space in my space ship; and everything else the Dev has listed in his roadmap.If this genre is someting you know you allready like, then I do recomened this game to you. I am glad I came in early to help in its development. This is a game i want to see reach its goals, its gonna be frakking awesome!nuff said. I gotta go mine some asteroids. ciao."
76561198094071305,Recommended,465490,25876707,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,MoDaug,"Very fun to play, looking forwaard to the full release but am glad to support the developers efforts in early access.  Really goiod support too if you run into any bugs, fast and responsive."
76561197965028239,Recommended,465490,34239690,Posted: 14 August,all,Mac68,This game shows a lot of promise. Not your typical squad turn based game. It's early access and a bit lacking but some of the features planned will make this truly unique I think. Well worth dipping in your wallet to support it's development.
76561198116690015,Recommended,465490,35359816,Posted: 30 September,all,davidoshea15,"I rarely gush about a game, and almost never write reviews for one. But I think Stellar Tactics deserves it. Other reviewers describe this as Baldur's Gate in Space. That's what got me to try it in the first place.I would take it a step further. This is Baldur's Gate Meets X-Com In Space. And that is the point where I say ""Please take all my money"".Really, it's that good. And this is still early access? I can only hope it will get even better from here. It's not without bugs, but they're few and far between. This is the kind of game I want to play uninterrupted. It's classic in its design, almost retro. But it's still fresh and interesting and fun. Highly recommended if you're looking for a Baldur's Gate/X-Com love child.Only tip I would give. Don't skip the tutorial. The controls are not particularly intuitive. It's worth taking the time to have the game explain."
76561198032318877,Recommended,465490,35310585,Posted: 29 September,all,wporter2010,"Great Game, RPG and character building all work and what is most shocking...........The Developer is still Developing and has not forgotten this game.Which means patches, updates, etc. not as offten as I would hope, but Still being worked on is better then alot of early access games.and best part that Game has story, and can keep you going and did I mention is still being fixed and developer has pride in his work (gets the crash cart paddles for the weak of heart)So yes I have played, yes the patches have been coming, and yes I would recomned this game"
76561198035147760,Recommended,465490,28623924,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Seraphimsfall,This game is awesome so far can't wait to see the next update. Don't be scared by impatient reviewers! Get behind this title!
76561198110963146,Recommended,465490,29286397,Posted: 15 January,all,murlynd,Fun   Want the real thing now
,Recommended,465490,25949101,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gadget,"This game only includes the prologue so far, and with some time wasting I completed it in about 18 hours.  I thoroughly enjoyed what the developer has created so far and I can't wait to see what's beyond the jump points.  Excellent story and gameplay."
76561197966203934,Recommended,465490,26201605,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"Nice so far, it has huge potential and its already fun to play. keep in mind to keep Range with rifles, they miss alot in close combat.i guess if you like Divinity original sins 1+2  this game is for you, just not so beautiful.At all Scorpions fans (tv show)  you can choose ""Happy´s"" Voice xD,"
76561198039380820,Recommended,465490,25698948,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ivan_goo,"This game is dripping with potential, I hope it continues to develop!"
,Recommended,465490,25833259,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Artemis,"Just to start, as others have said and if you have played early access games before you should know there will be bugs and the game is a work in progress. If you play expecting a polished game then you'll be disappointed, but if you buy the game to contribute through community feedback then go for it.With that out of the way the game is pretty good, it's a bit resident evil in space-esque with hints of fallout in a classic rpg shell. You create your characters then choose from a wide range of skills sub-divided into combat and utility (the part that reminds me of fallout where you can put points into things like hacking, first-aid and ship piloting while learning how to fire a rpg or SMG.) it pulls the skill learning from Skyrim where the more you do an action/ability the more proficient you become in it, the game still being limited release it will be interesting how they develop the system more.The story is engaging, but beware reading is essential (if you are of the tl:dr ilk, it is text heavy). The lore has depth, and it does give you those ethical dilemmas you mull through while progressing through the story. Others have said it has a slow start up, it does to some degree but I wouldn't say that is necessarily a bad thing. The story up to now is Linear, whether they will give you divergent paths later we will just have to see. (It could be along the lines of Freelancer where the story is there to progress at your own pace, with open world to do whatever you want for however long you want).The overall feel is quite dark and gritty, compared to other sci-fi where everything is illuminated and clean/crisp with future tech. This feels more like every environment is harsh, and a struggle, the low illumination reflects off both the dark hulls of star bases and ships, as well as the planetary environments you explore. Gives a pretty great eerie vibe.Combat is still a work in progress and is adjusting constantly, it's enjoyable and gives you a variety of weapons to harness. It lacks the depth of some games like x-com where you can take cover, and flank etc. But as stated at the start, it is still early access. It has the potential to be very good and can easily be expanded.Controls/UI/HUD/keybinds are still changing, they are okay, but I won't delve too much into this as feedback is leading them to change as I type this.I would definitely recommend this game if you wish to contribute to early access, and if you're interested in playing it now then just know it will continue to be improved and expanded. If you are looking for a good game, Stellar is on track for being pretty damn good, if you want something finished and polished then I wouldn't recommend it in it's current state though.TL:DR - If you enjoy early access and contributing to the games development - buy it.- If you want a polished game and finished - definitely put this game on your watch list."
76561198005704721,Recommended,465490,26091360,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Mad_jack,"Hi fellow gamer.I would like to recommend this game to you. But be warned, it is in early acces.Why do I recommend it while it is in EA? Simple, this developer is on the money when it comes to support. I have had multiple early acces games I played and in general the developers are okay. In this is case however the developer is superb! If there is a problem, within 24 hours you have a reply on what to do. Or an update which fixes the problem.Gameplay:Think X-com, Fall-out 1-2, Jagged Alliance and so on.You can fly in space and do the usual stuff, shoot, mine, trade.I will update this as soon as there is new stuff.Oh, and the negative reviews so far are people complaining it is to difficult or buggy. Lol, it is EA, what do you expect?"
76561198032221011,Recommended,465490,26411339,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Lunitek,"WOW...Where do I start, its a blast! The story that moves you through the Prologue is good. Char creation is easy, game mechanics are pretty straight forward, and visually it looks pretty clean. I am a huge fan of squad based tactics, and this game delivers very well in that aspect. It provides a refreshing retro feel that goes back to Fallout 1 and 2. But the best thing about Stellar is this game is being developed by a team that listens to the boards, offering help and taking suggestions. If you enjoy turn based combat, exploration, and RPG squad building you should buy it. This game is going to grow quickly, the Games Developer is eventually going to expand to thousands of worlds, and systems. There's going to be alot to explore!"
76561198007070665,Recommended,465490,26096845,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Cormellion,Excellent game  I can't stop playing it
76561198000386367,Recommended,465490,34853547,Posted: 9 September,all,Croc.Tv,"Stella Tactics even in it's early access stage is stable, well paced, story line and content rich with a well thought out interface and game mechanics.There are many hours of dynamic game play here with 100's more to come once the universe is opened up in Beta.I am extremely pleased with this purchase and highly recommend this title to all turn-based RPGer'sA big thumbs up!"
,Recommended,465490,35184001,Posted: 24 September,all,Viper691,"Just amazing....great story, gameplay is fun and tons of loot, tactical and no defined classes.  I have purchased tons of EA games and honestly single dev games are kinda a crap shoot but I would put this guy with Evochron dev for creating a really quality product that is fun even in its early ""Prologue"" state.I dont get really sucked into games very easily but this one held my attention and i cant put it down....well i did get pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off fighting the brood mother and gave it a break for abit but finally passed her and now im back to really loving it!Give this one a serious look guys, it has a mix of eve online for UI in space and then goes to a shadowrun style squad combat that is really great for boarding and exploration."
76561198091346047,Recommended,465490,26639270,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,gaidexviller,Had to trobleshoot  over again on windows 10.But game looks fun.
76561198000765631,Recommended,465490,25944610,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Hashshashin,"For me as an old gamer this game has so much potential and a dev who should have a 'super dev' t-shirt, constant updates and conversation with those of us who have bought into it. The game is akin to many turn based rpg type games but for me, it's kinda like Fallout Tactics and EvE online got together with what NMS could have been and had a baby. It's only a small prologue atm and alpha is where the game is gonna make me an addict, add random, procedural and mission creator together and I'm in heaven, atm it's good fun, but to use a film quote when it's done 'it's gonna be biblical' lol."
76561198014103119,Recommended,465490,31715142,Posted: 12 May,all,kennethsw,I found the starter tutorial area a bit awkward but once past that the game is GREAT.
76561197992029685,Recommended,465490,25768291,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,venims,great potential hard working dev
76561198059613138,Recommended,465490,25807650,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dank Stain,"what a fantastic game so far, and in pre alpha... impressive!!9/10 - gameplay7/10 - graphics100/10 - its better than no mans sky!thumbs up I recommend this gameIts a slow paced game with alot of potential... I played through the whole thing and was gutted when it finished... and didnt even scratch the surface of whats to come.you have to understand that this game is in pre - alpha but you can clearly see what will be introduced in time.this wont be a game for everyone, its more of a casual type of game.. but i highly recommend it!  I will definately be coming back to the game when further progress has been made.I will say one thing though, the right click to move the camera during battle can be a little frustrating, sometime using moves when trying to get a better angle... i would imagine changing the keybindings being a thing in the future but maybe the default should be set to something different... or maybe its just me lolI didnt experience any crashes or real issues, only when I changed the resolution, the text and menus were perfect quality but the game itself was really pixelated (if thats even a word) but a simple save and restart of the game and the problem was perma fixed.without giving away any spoilers I did get a little confused after creating my chars and after the first boss i had to choose one for something... it would be nice to have a team to level up without having to swap them around.... for example, final fantasy 7 when you level and gear up your main chars then have to start using the other chars and realising there not geared enough lol.... but thats just personal preferance and wouldnt mind too much if this is something you plan on bringing into the game.the combat was smooth i thought... some battles were easy and I could just walk up and shoot but i think the harder battles you will need to really think about positioning and tactics....I got really excited when I got into the ship for the first time.... would be nice though if you could access the inventory/char screen and keep flying rather than it pausing... it'll be a good way of passing the fairly short time flying between planets etc...... overall a brilliant start of an awesome game... and even though its in pre alpha, its still 1mil times better than no mans sky!!thanks for making this game and keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,465490,25651750,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,CubeJackal,"Update on 27th September 2016This review was formerly negative, but in light of the rapid pace of developer updates and the issues addressed in the review being addressed, either already or in planning, I've changed it to a positive recommendation. The game is still far from perfect, but I've been given enough confidence in the developer's ability to improve it that I'm willing to encourage others to support the game in this alpha stage. The original review is still readable and unedited below for posterity, but keep in mind that not everything in it is up-to-date or accurate.---I'm really, really reluctant to give this game a negative review. There's definitely something enjoyable buried somewhere in Stellar Tactics, but in its current state, it's very difficult to recommend.Stellar Tactics is a fairly standard isometric turn-based tactical strategy game, in which the player commands a team of four generic soldiers around a procedurally-generated galaxy. The influence of other popular tactical games of the past, such as Fallout: Tactics, is immediately obvious - between the wealth of stats and attributes assigned to your troops, the real-time gameplay that transitions into a turn-based system with action points when combat statrts, and the general aesthetic and design of the levels, it's clear to see where the developers got their inspiration. Unfortunately, Stellar Tactics also appears to have inherited its awkward control scheme and dated graphic design from its spiritual predecessors. Scrolling the map, for example, can only be done with one directional button at a time, which prevents diagonal scrolling - which, considering the scale of the game's maps, is problematic and sometimes frustrating.Things get even more shaky when combat begins. The game uses a traditional initiative-based system to decide turn order, in which individual combatants take turns rather than entire teams at once. Problems arise when this system is combined with the awkward and unco-operative way that the game moves your soldiers around in combat. It takes a few seconds of hovering the mouse over a location in order to preview the route your unit will take, and sometimes takes several clicks to execute a movement order - occasionally, though, your soldiers appear to get stuck behind one another in tight quarters, and - annoyingly - it's possible to expend AP without actually moving. Even more bizarre is the system by which you target enemies, in which your chance to hit fluctuates significantly depending on which specific pixel of your target you're aiming at. The game already allows you to individually target someone's head, torso or limbs, so why are players forced to awkwardly feel around the enemy's hitbox with the mouse cursor for optimal accuracy? There doesn't seem to be any logic behind which specific polygons on your enemy's model give you a better chance to hit, and it's an utterly baffling mechanic to include in a turn-based strategy game - imagine if you had to manually aim your soldiers' guns in XCOM, for example. Bizarre, right? When combined, these janky movement and combat mechanics slow the game to a crawl - a problem that's compounded by the size of the game's levels, and the significant distances your soldiers need to move across them.Graphically, the game also falls short. Player unit and NPC models are low-poly and low-quality, and the lighting engine seems to reflect off them like rubber - I couldn't help but get the mental image of a squad of inflatable dolls running around as I watched my squad awkwardly jog from room to room. Rogue polygons and particle effect glitches are also abound, including a particularly egregious one in which the blood particle that appears when your soldiers get hit displays as a series of neon-red quadrilaterals. The game frequently uses bust shots to display the faces of NPCs you talk to and your squad's faces in the HUD - an unfortunate choice, considering how lifeless and uncanny these faces appear. The level assets are afflicted by the same odd light reflections that give a latex-like appearance to human characters. The game doesn't necessarily lookbad, but these issues make it tough to take seriously.On the note of bugs, the game mostly appeared stable to begin with, but I ran into a couple of game-breaking ones that ultimately pushed me to write this review. During the first level, I was tasked with clearing a part of the level of all enemies - however, I had already done so before I was assigned the task, and the game failed to register that fact, leaving the level incompletable. When I tried to return to an earlier portion of the level in an attempt to find a solution, the game simply crashed whole loading, with no autosave to fall back on.All this being said, this game is far from bad - in fact, if Steam allowed us to give numerical ratings, it'd probably net a 5/10. There's clearly a rich, thought-out lore and plot to explore (if we politely look past the pseudo-zombie plague that the plot uses as its driving device) and the prospect of having a massive procedurally-generated galaxy to run around in is certainly tantalising - it's just unfortunate that I never reached that point, due to the bugs mentioned above. Love and effort has clearly gone into this game's development, and I respect the fact that the team working on it is small, but it should definitely have been given a few more months in pre-release development before it was made publicly available. As things stand, though, it's an early access game, so I can only hope that most of the issues I've brought up here won't exist after a few more months of updates. I won't be refunding the game, in the hopes that it'll become better later, but currently, I can't recommend that any other prospective buyers purchase it."
76561198076160715,Recommended,465490,35420441,Posted: 2 October,all,tomvanhel,"Do you believe you were born 300 years to early?When you look up to the sky at night , do you imagine visiting those twinkling lights?Do you know the difference between a parsec and a parsnip?Then I suggest you get this game and scratch your sci-fi itch.Although still in early stages this game has a lot going for it.Ground combat, lots of loot, haunting soundtrack, mining, trading, experience driven skills and more to come like a hell of a lot of sectors to explore. Not to mention  space combat and customizable ships.Icing on the cake is the Dev , who is all alone, making this happen whilst listening to customers and being active on the forums.The money spend buying this game is totally worth it. No I didn't get it for free.Give it a go, you won't be sorry."
76561198088018988,Recommended,465490,34603244,Posted: 30 August,all,tklandshark,"Great game, love it and hard to believe it's an alpha. Lots of work has been put in to it and it is still given lots of love from the developer. Great price too!"
76561198030724979,Recommended,465490,35182176,Posted: 24 September,all,Retrograndisimo,"I've had this game in my wishlist for probably 10 months, and I finally purchased it after seeing how determined the developer was in it's completion. I've often wondered what type of game I would make if I was to develop my own game, and I have to say this is the closest I've seen ,as an idea that is, to what it would entail. Take a turn based squad game and mash it together with a real time space combat game. Throw in looting and salvaging, boarding parties and exploration and there's little else I'd want to play. This game has a way to go to fullfill that kind of 'dream' game, but it's getting there. Once I started playing it I couldn't put it down. I had to see how far in development it has gotten. It's not without it's quirks being early access, but it's definetly got my support."
76561198002536238,Recommended,465490,26189822,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,tiehchang,Exactly what I have been looking for!
76561198041346536,Recommended,465490,35112089,Posted: 21 September,all,mastarfin,AMAZING POTENTIAL!!!!!The game isn't even close to complete. And yet what is here is TONS of fun! I have been waiting for a game like this for a VERY VERY LONG TIME! If the developer is able to deliver on his plans for this game as well as he has already then this will be one of my all time favorite games!!!!!!If you are curious about it:http://steamcommunity.com/app/465490/discussions/0/350532795334521117/
76561198074278565,Recommended,465490,25703532,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,alsatravel,"Really enjoying it.Simple old school fun, kinda old fallout esque."
76561198063273288,Recommended,465490,26045715,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Cpt_Weisemann,"Space+RPG+Tactical combat. All the things I love combine in this great game. The game is in alpha stage but despite some bugs it is enjoyable and developer answers and solves the problems of gamers as fast as he can.The game has great potential and when it is fully released it will be an awesome game.If you are a fan of tactical games like Jagged Alliance, Fallout or space sims like Star Wolves this is the game for you and if you have patience for early access bugs and problems buy it now and try the game. If you dont have the patience wait for it fully released and you wont regret buying this game.I gave a 8,5/10 now for this game and when fully released I believe the score will get higher."
76561198002917233,Recommended,465490,26019960,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mike21munns,"You know that deep breath we all take when you buy an early access game, well in this game's case you can let that breath out and relax. While it is truely early access and only currently available with a prolog of missions to begin the immersion into the game you can tell from the developers invlovement thus far that this game is going places.The events in the prolog alone leave me wanting more from the unexpected twists to the the incredibly difficult boss fights this game checks so many items off my list of great game elements i can see pouring hundreds of hours into this game once it is moved into alpha.If you're on the fence on this one jump in and be a part of a true sucess story of EA gone totally right."
76561198008626473,Recommended,465490,26028606,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,incapacitator,"I recommend supporting this game with all my heart.  I started playing early access and the potential in this game is great.  Imagine Jugged alliance, XCOM and Freelancer rolled into one game.It's a party based RPG, with turn-based tactical combat, and space-sim layer.  There is a good back story and an adventure to follow.Game is in early development so there are things to be adjusted and polished, but after seeing what already has been done, I have very high hopes for this game."
76561198009761056,Recommended,465490,26218212,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jammer,"If you are into Fallout originals or Wasteland, this will probably be your cup of tea. The game is still early access, there is a lot to be polished and added, but it shows massive promise. I found the story intriguing and there are cool twists and turns to it. Combat feels a bit slow (as some negative reviews state it), but then again people expecting arcade-style shootouts probably won't bother with this game anyway. I also like it being fairly challenging.The entire time I've been playing this it felt like I was doing a pen-and-paper style sci-fi RPG, which is totally OK in my book.All in all, for a pre-alpha, this shows promise, I hope the developer can keep up with the demand and continue bringing this one up to release."
76561197993027347,Recommended,465490,26240611,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,In Vitriol,"Very impressive game and scope!This has to be the most dedicated on-the-ball Dev I've ever seen, just check out the discussions. Atm only the prologue is available and Dev describes it as pre-alpha, but it is fully playable and coming along nicely. Definitely one to watch if your not ready to jump in now and support/ help direct the game, which i recommend you do!+Prompt replies/ bug fixes, and he actually listens to and implements community suggestions.+Friendly and helpful community."
76561198044341799,Recommended,465490,26326926,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,dexpower,"Really liked the game and I am looking forward to playing the full version.  I definely recomend the game.  Real cool.  I wanted to suggest a few possible improvements:1) I would love to have the ability to use the mouse to move the ship in all four directions.  I was trying to fly into a station and hitting the left buttom on the mouse was ok but it would be better that if I keep the button pressed the ship keeps turning.  I did not get a chance to do ship to ship battles so I don't know how that interface works.2) when the ship is full of mining ore it would be nice to be able to descard the cheap ore so that I can continue to mine for more profitable ore.  Everytime I need to sell it take a while to reach a station to sell and it would be great to make one trip to sell expensive ore only.3)when selling ore, it would be nice to have the ability to choose multiple ore in your inventory to sell at the same time instead of going one type of ore at a time.  I want to sell and get back out quickly not spend a time selling one at a time.Thanks,"
76561198052274276,Recommended,465490,26245238,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Tizodd,"The game is so far awesome.  It's still in early access so some things are still in development, but the core game and its potential is very good.  The developer is very much in touch with players.  He listens to feedback and will update the game where he feels changes are needed.I've only played a few hours so far, so I can't give and in-depth review however; I can definitely recommend it for anyone who enjoys isometric, tactical, turn-based games like the old Fallout games, Wasteland, and XCOM."
76561198087903972,Recommended,465490,26129848,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,professori86,This game is going to change the way RPG's are made. I can't wait till it's finished!
76561198218510448,Recommended,465490,26106875,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,benderisgreat333,Awesome so far! Can't wait to see what it becomes!
,Recommended,465490,25876186,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,AUGwar,"Great Game. And it's only going to get better after early access.Very impressive for a one person developer (he actually talked/messaged me).It could possibly become one of my most favorite games.It has space exploring.Tactical gameplay (round based). Mining. Character management. Weapon customization. Lots of gear. Hacking....I'm intrigued where the story will be going, and 10,000 systems to explore? The one, current system has, what, 10 planets, moons and space stations? Time that by 10,000.Can't wait for more content."
76561197970870240,Recommended,465490,25797849,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,jamesjohntulloch,"bit slow to start but well worth putting the efort in, cant wait for next stage"
76561198133615307,Recommended,465490,25799172,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,rebelwolf75,"With any ""Early Access"" game you are taking a chance that it might not fulfill all your expectations.As a side note, the developer is working extremely hard to fulfill everyone's demands to polish this game to their liking. Give him time to make changes to the game as it is still in BETA. He is responding in the forums and patching things that need to be patched.I've played close to 50 hours of this game and I'm close to two full play throughs. There isn't much more that I can say that other people have written in ""positive"" reviews except that I think in the end this game may end up being a true hidden gem of a game."
76561198132780231,Recommended,465490,33074269,Posted: 1 July,all,LM,Fast development cant wait to play this one.
76561198097745700,Recommended,465490,32208169,Posted: 5 June,all,crudesasquatch,I'm excited to see where this game goes. Active dev and a suburb idea.
76561198014561363,Not Recommended,465490,35193728,Posted: 24 September,all,Firebear,"This game looked like everything I wanted, but the combat is very ruff. The battles will quickly turn into a grind and the only strategy is selecting which body part to shoot."
,Recommended,465490,35312752,Posted: 29 September,all,BoJaN,"Yet another game ruined by a software cursor... My hand cramped up 15 minutes in(after forcing vsync off, of course) and I promply returned it.From all the other positive reviews, I'm sure it's a fun game so I'll upvote it but seriously... What's with all the indie developers not implementing hardware cursors?"
76561197970649398,Recommended,465490,28731519,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jamespapas,"OK, took everyones direction and used the hall way. I had to start the game again. Something was wrong with my first install. This time it was not dificutlt at all. So it must have been a but because the brood mother is history. 3 shells and lots of pistol shots, NP>"
76561197977093705,Not Recommended,465490,31247001,Posted: 19 April,all,Churches,"Game could be fun but atm it is absolutely painful. Shots magically vanish with no damage or miss indication yet there goes my ap and ammo.Everyone suggests spamming grenades to kill irritating bosses and those grenades are random loot so odds are you don't have them.All around not enjoyable experience for myslef, hoping it gets better with time."
76561198017188773,Not Recommended,465490,25720306,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Robineus,"This is an alpha so I really only have myself to blame for paying for it. The game looks like it could be fun, emphasis on could be. What it is on the other hand is irritating, slow and boring. Yes the writing looks good the atmosphere is quite nice the environments are well drawn the characters look ok but so what? The combat is reallllly slow and you can't change the speed or the difficulty or the key bindings and you get annihilated not if you fail tactically but if your characters just miss 3 74% chance hits in a row. Character progression is still working itself out as you raise stats per level but not skills which move up based on what you do. Combat has a really odd targeting system which lets you focus on any part of the target giving you odd percentages to hit which isn't helped by them shifting around while you're doing it. Personally I'm getting a little tired of seeing the label 'old school' being tacked onto anything which doesn't have useful UI features to help you along.Pros-Potential.Nice musicFairly good art.Cons-Just not ready.Boring annoying combat.No map of any sort.No objective help or direction.Terrible object highlighting and interaction.Like so many games this will now sit in my library for a year at which time I will have another look. I hope they turn it into something wonderful but for now it's not worth paying for."
76561198010024554,Recommended,465490,34327307,Posted: 18 August,all,Welcome to LP,"This can be a great game. Sorry, I had to refund it as the control of the game doesn't fit well with me so far.From the two hours of my time with this early access this is how I felt.-The control seems sluggish at times Honesely, Check out how Wasteland 2 or Xcom, how they handle the control and cameras will help this game greatly.-Things can be easly to miss and the interaction withs object seems very odd.-There are character voices for combat and I think they are well made, however no voice acting for the story (I guess is alright for big CRPG like this).-No character apperence option so far.Despites all that, this game still far better than Divinity: Original Sin both in price and heart. An true scifi fan should really have a look at this CRPG. I wish to get a copy for free so I can go more indepth. I am sure this game can be great."
76561198014669651,Not Recommended,465490,31275078,Posted: 21 April,all,OWNLIKEABAWZZ,"I had that game a long time at my wishlist and after seeing that the developer is constantly patching & updating the game with a lot of effort I decided to buy it.Even if I'm really into round based rpgs like this is supposed to be ( played dragon age: originis, xcom, xcom2, blackguards, wasteland 2, divinitiy:original sin and so on) and also like the concept of the game concerning free creation of a party, a lot of looting etc its in ints current state unplayable in my opinion.The reason? Its terrible slow paced.Besides the fact, that move-commands have a strong delay and for some reason its not possible to queue orders (f.e. click to walk to the terminal, wait until arrived and click again to use) the movespeed is ridiculous! It takes ages to move from one room to another. Walking a corridor with NOTHING in it takes ♥♥♥♥ing 30 sec. And after that  you have to go back, another 30 sec. Why??? Same goes for the fights. Commands are hard delayed and everything is executedso slowly that even the first fight was absolutely borring. While playing it, I started to clean my desk while walking around in-game and waiting to arrive at my destination. Then I started to play on my smartphone. Then I asked for refund.Dont get me wrong - I dont need a super fast game, I can arrange my inventory for days for optimizing my characters or search areas for hours until i found everything (which is what I was hoping for)...but im not sitting in front of my pc and watch some people walking in ♥♥♥♥ing slow mo."
,Not Recommended,465490,25732544,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Dustpup,"While the premise is solid the coding and mechanics are not. There are little to no ambient sounds, IE walking or just noises, the point and click system is rough and the models are just plain ugly.I sadly refunded this because it is no where near worth 20$ to me and was not my cup of tea. It looked really promising by the screens and videos but the core game just is not to my liking"
76561198010166677,Not Recommended,465490,29305238,Posted: 16 January,all,Laraxis,"having lots off issues with constant lock-ups and bugs (gets old pretty fast when you win a hard fight aka brood mother just for it to freeze after combat making you have to redo the fight from an earlier save), i understand this game is Early Access, might try again on full release. has promise if the developers stay with it."
76561197970010121,Not Recommended,465490,29731086,Posted: 5 February,all,Kovears,"Definitely seems like a quality game in Pre-Alpha. So far, I can't get through the tutorial though, as the game continues to crash. Not worth buying yet, but definitely something to keep your eye on."
,Not Recommended,465490,25730135,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,smok3,"TLDR: This game has some baddy bugs that hard-lock / soft-lock your game; you might want to avoid until official release.I understand this game is in early access so I wont hammer on it but I will say I refunded after and hour of attempting to play.Below is a few things you should be aware of pre-purchase:The character creation leaves a lot of information out; i.e. some skills say what they require of base stats and some don't. There isn't much help with knowing which stats effect your AP/Movement; this shouldn't really be left up to trial and error, unless the goal is to waste peoples time. Also the character creation provides some really awful character portraits and voice from you to choose from that is almost comedic. You should also know most of the games art is generic and low quality; also the controls are very sluggish for a point and click movement game, and you will find many times you just lose control of your team and have to click around until you regain it...Anyways in another 8-12 months I think this game could be pretty solid but right now I would avoid it as there are several other games in this price range that are complete and similar.P.S. I almost forgot why does the client say the games name is Abyss? was there a name change half way through the development, at first I thought I was playing the wrong game."
76561198020715809,Not Recommended,465490,25981228,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,M_oNeY,"Game looks great, Flying around space, boarding spaceships and collect loot. Kinda like Xcom in space.. Great IdeaI now have 3,5 hours of gameplay, and i have seen nothing of that! .. All i've done is run around a starter mission, that is really boring and slow.. Looking for a monster that is not there, just to finaly give up and find out the mission is broken!I dont care if its pre alpha, its broken to the point its not playable.."
76561197993647451,Not Recommended,465490,25903590,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Stuka,This is a pre-alpha build with a myriad of problems and a dev team of 1.  Game has a massive amount of potential but at the moment I cannot reccomend it.  The steam review system really needs more than a thumbs up or thumbs down so consider this a `Watch this space` kind of thing.
76561198021032603,Not Recommended,465490,25729455,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Stryfe,"If I had to describe the game play with one word it would be.....Boring.   Very dissapointed after reading the good reviews.  The story is extremly run of the mill ""an infection that turns people into zombies"".   Skill progress is SLOW, movement is SLOW, combat is SLOW, the sounds are very arcade'ish and there is ZERO combat flair......simply BORING game play.I got this one refunded."
76561198008128542,Not Recommended,465490,25789632,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Dano,in the first four hours it has crashed nine times. There is no auto-save feature. There is no over watch or interrupt feature. The movement is clunky. I can't say whether it is worth while because it is a slow starting role playing game. In it's current state I would advise against it.
,Not Recommended,465490,28297866,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ben_veltman,"having lots off issues with constant lock-ups and bugs, i understand this game is Early Access, might try again on full release. has promise if the developers stay with it."
,Recommended,465490,25662875,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Vincit Veni,I love the game.  :-P.
76561198146864279,Not Recommended,465490,29533222,Posted: 27 January,all,derekdwhite25,"I know it's early access, and really hope the game comes together in time.I didn't even make it to the actual ""gameplay"" parts, because the early game is so bogged down with ""info dump"". Massive chunks of dialogue, single screens that throw an image of what every key on the keyboard does (and I'm expected to memorize that all at once?!), etc. The tutorial is poorly executed and doesn't give the player a way to learn interactively. Take a cue from XCOM on how to do a good intro mission to teach the game mechanics.There are other clear design problems: grammar and spelling in game are amazingly bad, dialogue is cheesy and unbelievable, and the character models all look like a wreck (you have the choice of customizing their hair style, but not a single hair style actually lines up well with the character model). At every turn, there are just those little details that make me think The designers don't have an eye for detail, and it makes me worried about what the rest of the game will be like.Don't buy just yet. Keep watching the early access and see if things improve first."
76561198009544618,Not Recommended,465490,25830084,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Hiruuamon,"I think this game has potential, but I really can't recommend it at this time.  I'm open to changing my mind as the the early access continues."
76561198054258205,Not Recommended,465490,29122867,Posted: 8 January,all,FATE,"Sooo many bugs that I've given up trying to like this, big waste of money.Flawed combat system.Awful controls.No map.Interface freezes.Slow load times.Only so much I can put up wth."
76561197990101320,Not Recommended,465490,30881930,Posted: 1 April,all,S-P,"Wow, I got duped by all the positive reviews for this game, sadly I'm not seing a very good optimised game here. Firstly I didn't even get through the first part due to the terrible combat system. Normally in these turn based combat games each member of your party gets there own action points but it seems in this game there is only one action bar for the whole party, not sure if this intentional or a glitch. Also noticed serious lag, taking a long time before the A.I. takes it's turn. So I gave up pretty early in the game, it may improve in the future but seriously need optimisation to improve it.I may change this review later if things improve with the game but I can't recommend it in it's current state and would advise not to get it for a while until there are some improvements."
76561198037601593,Not Recommended,465490,29772835,Posted: 7 February,all,Blacknd82,"Might be fun, but I cant get past the 90's Character Creation screens and awful, clunky mechanics.  Combat in tight areas is a nightmare, skills that are never used... egh"
76561198073142195,Not Recommended,465490,26081089,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,bradhartz1,"Great start and then you run into Brood Mother, first boss, have died over ten times and no way to level up for fight and all you have is a few stun grenades that suck, first game to truly waste my time and im done with it, dont waste your money or time."
76561197989058846,Not Recommended,465490,29701156,Posted: 4 February,all,Panda,"In current state this game is just bad. Bad graphics, bad gameplay, bad audio. Save you money for somethig worthy."
76561198033865296,Not Recommended,465490,25707286,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,SirCheatAlot,"The game is not playable, I'm in a quest firmly allegedly because another opponent lives and I have all expired. The next time you play, it begins to charge and does not stop when I wanted a cabinet plunder. Maybe in a later versionDas spiel ist leider nicht spielbar, ich stecke in einer quest fest weil angeblich noch ein gegener lebt und ich habe alles abgelaufen. Beim nächsten spiel fängt es an zu laden und hört nicht auf als ich einen schrank plündern wollte. Vielleicht in einer späteren Version"
76561198053922275,Not Recommended,465490,29466255,Posted: 24 January,all,McCloud,"I hadn't realised that this wasn't a finished game, by the time I had, I had been playing for more than 2 hours,  Steam refused to refund my money. :(  I will never purchase an unfinished game again.The standard land based combat isn't too bad and is reminiscent of fallout 2 which I've always liked. The space travel  is horrendously tedious as you find yourself caught up in ""gravity wells"" all too often which slow the game down considerably and drain the fun out of it quickly.The developer responds quickly to many people's requests which is great, since there only seems to be him developing it however I can't see the game being finished soon.  If it is ever finished and the irritating space travel gets changed to something more playable I imagine that it'll be a decent game.Steam's 2hour of play rules stinks and they should seriously revise it lest they be considered souless money grabbers."
76561197983124464,Not Recommended,465490,25676000,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Moth,Where is the refund button?
76561197988765710,Recommended,465490,34201610,Posted: 12 August,all,Donkeykick,I like alot about theis game. I love building the squad and fighting them. Moving between worlds sucks though....
