user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198046543991,Recommended,465780,28352959,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Zakarachi,"Spent $800+ dollars on Virtual Reality hardware, then used it to play Megaman Soccer.10/10 would buy again"
76561197965583985,Recommended,465780,24752958,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Tenka,"New Retro Arcade: Neon is my new Life.Ok - HUGE caveat:1. New Retro Arcade: Neon does NOT come with arcade machines loaded with games to play. You must modify them yourself with emulators and roms which must be acquired on your own.2. This game is VERY buggy right now, it almost should have been an early access game.3. This game is very much intended to be modified to suit your needs, but requires you to have some decent problem solving and research skills to figure out how to work all of the features to make it shine. It is not for the feint of heart .. or 'mind' in this case.Despite those points I am still recommending this title.NRA-N is the BEST emulation lobby you will ever encounter. The immersion factor is THROUGH THE ROOF on this one, you get to walk around an 80's-90's style arcade environment which includes many interactable features and mini-games such as the ticket-style games you would typically find in an arcade like: ski-ball, basketball hoop shooting, darts, air hockey.Then, with the NRA-N configuration tool you can add:Each arcade can emulate a game of your choosing, so that when you walk up to it and interact it loads the game and it plays on the screen IN the environment! You dont even leave NRA-N .. if you want to stop playing that arcade machine .. just turn around and walk away to another .. start that one up and play. The feeling you get when doing this will flash you right back to the 90's when you slammed your fist down after losing at a game and the continue screen appears and starts to count down.There are game cartridges littered throughout the environment, using the config tool you can make these  games emulate any SNES/Genesis/NES or other console game, instead of just interacting with it, you have to physically pick it up and put it into the game console and it will start playing on a CRT screen. Just think, in 2016, you can play Super Metroid on a CRT screen on your top tier PC in VR.There are cassette tapes littered all over the place, you can use the config tool to load these up with any MP3 you want and then plug them into a cassette player to play whatever song you want to set the mood.There are VHS tapes you can set to movie files so you can watch Aliens .. or Terminator 2 on a CRT TV! - note however this feature is currently buggy for some people. I have gotten it to work but without sound, still trying to mess with it .. but the tech is there! .. it should work eventually!You can modify posters, you can modify the graphics of the arcade machines .. the graphics of the cartridges.Or you can just chill and throw darts at a wall.NRA-N is my new life. It's still janky .. its still being worked on despite being released .. but I dont CARE! .. ITS AWESOME! and I still recommend it in spite of its flaws."
,Recommended,465780,28609755,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Morty Mcfly,A few thousand dollars in Virtual Reality equipment all so I can play the SNES and watch The Goonies in my personal arcade.The future is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Not Recommended,465780,24668958,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,HauntedPixel,"I'll keep this short and sweet.The atmosphere is dead on.  It's about as close as we'll get to going back to those old arcades we used to haunt.  The music, the neon and that wonderful patterned carpet nail the look.The problem, sadly, comes from the lack of documentation and the just confusing interface options with regards to the coin-ops.  I had to read a thread on the forums to figure out how to load the roms, emulator and even put a quarter in a machine.  It's confusing and even for someone who is used to using MAME, it's just way too clunky and limiting.  I also was unable to figure out how to put quarters into a certain slot for 4-player games like Konami's TMNT or Simpsons which require you to use your quarter to pick your character.You can't rearrange your arcade or remove items you don't want.  You're limited to a set amount of machines.  The games won't run their attract sequences so you can walk around and get the full ""arcade experience"".  They really need to set up some kind of in-game UI to set up your arcade and make things simpler.I'll keep an eye on this and see what/if they improve things.  But I can't honestly recommend it as it stands and that breaks my heart because it has so much potential."
,Recommended,465780,32178448,Posted: 4 June,all,Samcity,"Game's amazing. Better in VR. Has multiplayer!Would be cool if the arcade cabinets were more flexible, for instance, playing games that aren't roms and such. Don't know how but heck, would be cool."
,Recommended,465780,25120938,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,runlvl0,"tl:dr - Buy it, but be aware that you'll have to do work to make it at all useful.1) This is where I want to go when I die.2) The ""game,"" ""out of the box,"" does next to nothing.  Because this replicates an environment where you'd play classic, ""retro,"" ""copyrighted"" arcade games, none of those games are included in this arcade.  Amazingly, even the arcade emulators have to be downloaded (the libretro packages) and installed separately. ""Game does not ship with ROMs"" doesn't even begin to cover it: game does not ship with anything except the shell of the arcade.  You can buy this, and then walk around in it.3) To make this into a working arcade, you'll have to:a. download and install the emulatorsb. download and add your legally owned ROMsc. you see the art on the machines?  The side panel graphics, the marquees, and the button and stick arrangements?  You'll have to configure those for your games, too.  Remember that you'll have to do this for each game in your arcade.  They provide an ""arcade builder"" tool which makes this less difficult than it would be if you had to custom-write your own xml, but4)SOME DOCUMENTATION WOULD BE NICE.As of 8/24/2016, the documentation that I can find is this:https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=736005082for everything else, the answer appears to go to Reddit.https://www.reddit.com/r/NewRetroArcadeFor example, I'm working on an Asteroids machine, now.  I managed to find and install mame2014_libretro.dll, my legally-owned Asteroids ROM, front and side panel art from Reddit, but now I'm at ""panel layout"" - do I use LayoutPhallicOrder, LayoutRobertCop, or LayoutAlienBoom?  (Actually, I just found the information that I was looking for in an image on the Steam guide page, but they certainly don't make this easy.) In avoiding copyright issues, Digital Cybercherries is sometimes a little too cute for its own good, although ""Stonky Dong"" is one of the funniest things that I've seen this week.5. I haven't even talked about the other rooms, like the theater, where you can watch plug ""videotapes"" into a virtual VCR and watch videos.  You can customize these with local or streaming media.  There's also a kind-of creditable bowling alley, weird-floaty darts and dartboard, and a virtual bar (I think that this is new - you can't do anything in it).In short, this is neat.  I like it, and I'll like it a lot more when I get the thing running, I just wish tat it wasat allbetter documented."
,Recommended,465780,28576590,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Goat,"Okay, I admit it...I WASN'T one of the ones who originally supported this game when it came out, because of all the bugs at launch.Man, do I regret that...  Despite the biggest complaint right now, that you can't play your roms with friends online, I still love the atmosphere and customizability of the arcade.  It's so much fun to just launch it and play classic titles in a crt-emulating screen, with an actual arcade atmosphere.  I know it's all just aesthetic, but somehow that really makes replaying old games much more enjoyable to me.It almost feels like a guilty pleasure now, after reading the developers' heart-felt thanks to the fans who DID support them."
,Recommended,465780,24661422,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,bozzybear,I'm recommending this even though emulator support and some of the controls seem broken in this release. The reason I'm doing so is because the Demo for NRAN was amazing and DigitalCyberCherries fixes issues pretty quickly. I hope the devs are reading this though :)
,Not Recommended,465780,34371490,Posted: 20 August,all,VakTheFox YT,"I was more than eager to get this game, and I was happy to have a nifty element to play old games on.Then, I found out that the emulators don't work in the true sense of multiplayer.Then, I found out that other players in a multiplayer session can't even see what you're playing.What's the ♥♥♥♥ing point of hosting a multiplayer arcade, if everyone else has their own library upon entry?When the most interaction you can have with other players is through the cheap, built-in Minigames like ♥♥♥♥ing hoops, darts, bowling, and whack-a-mole?Kinda feel let down by this.If they make any sort of change to actually enable REAL multiplayer, I might actually reverse my reccomendation, but until such a time:Save your money, download a few free emulators and roms elsewhere, and save yourself the hassle."
76561197970917035,Recommended,465780,24661434,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,bravehrt,"Welllll being one of the biggest fans of NRC there is, I have to write a review.First the good - It perfectly recreates the arcade experience, which is what DC was going for, so that's great.Now the bad - For those of us, like myself, which have been following this from the very beginning, it has been nearly all about emulation. Now, at seemingly the 11th hour, the finished product, while nice, has ensured emulation has taken a back seat to all the rest of the glitz the arcade has to offer.While I do recommend this experience, it's fun, with lots of customization, I can't help but feel a tinge sad, because this was supposed to be ""The One"" we were waiting for, to give us emulation fans the experience (including multiplayer) that we all were so longingly looking forward to. Kind of like 3D Arcade, with the ability to add 100's of cabinets, from all our systems. Here, you get approximately 20 cabinets, which was the same amount as in the demo. Not nearly enough to fit most of the games you truly loved to play. The arcade needs the ability to knock down walls, and remove the pieces you don't want, and replace them with more (and varied) cabinet styles. Once that piece is in place, at least for me, it will be what I am looking for. Until then, a great experience, but missing that one special piece that could have made our emulation dreams come true."
,Not Recommended,465780,24661709,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Hymanator,"WARNING! YOU CAN'T PLAY EMULATED ROMS WITH FRIENDS ONLINE!Just want to get that out of the way. If you are hoping to play some Street Fighter or some random emulated arcade game online with friends, you are going to be very disappointed. The emulators will only work if you are playing by yourself. There is currently no way to stream your ROM to your friends and there is no proper netcode that supports the emulator cores.Having said that, this is still a very solid ""toy box"" to play with friends. There are tons of ""physical"" games that will work online with others. You can play lazer tag, skee ball, basketball, darts, bowling, air hockey, etc etc. This isn't really a game, but a virtual hangout. The devs originally strongly hinted at playing emulated games online with friends, but that unfortunately is no longer the case. If you don't care about the online aspect, everything will still work as you'd expect. Is it worth the $20+ asking price? That's tough to say. A cool VR environment to spend with friends? I'd say yes. A place to play emulators online with friends? Then no."
,Not Recommended,465780,30906970,Posted: 2 April,all,Foxx ♠,"ONLY BUY THIS GAME IF YOU WANT TO PLAY SOLO IN YOUR ARCADEWhy? Selling points:-Multiplayer: Spend hours making your own cozy arcade... That no one will ever see!What a joke. I get the whole ""emulators dlls aren't made to be in sync so multiplay on the same ROM is not included"" Ok. I get it. That's disappointing, but ok. Are the wall posters in risk of getting desynched too? Or the machine decorations?The multiplayer is akin to what you get on Dark Souls. You don't play with other people, you just see their ghosts. They are on their own dimensions, they have their own arcades and play on their own games, EVEN IF YOU ARE IN THE SAME SERVER. Nothing is shared.If you want to play WITH your friends, I hope you like juggling with beers and playing bowling because there isn't much else. Only the physical games are synched. You won't see what game they are playing, you won't see how they decorated their arcade, nothing. You'll just see where they are in their arcade and be able to exchange physical objects.Why is this not mentionned on the store page?-Still wanna play Multiplayer? Better bring your friends, because so far I didn't see a single public server-There's not even a key to leave an arcade? You have to physically turn 180° and walk away? Really?-You cannot turn off the radio/tape player? Really? You have to either make an empty tape or just put it as far as you can because of the obnoxiously loud music it plays? I'm seriously asking now because I cannot believe you cannot push the pause button on that.-You don't have a QWERTY keyboard? Wanna map your keys? Well ♥♥♥♥ you too!-You can only walk. Slowly.Pros:-Pretty, even if you cannot customize the wallpapers and floors, or the placement of any machines.-The controls on (qwerty) keyboard/gamepad and VIVE are nice so far.It's incredibly stupid to not even synchronize the posters/arcade machine decorations. I would NEVER have bought this game if I knew.I half-feel like making a SVN or uploading the files to play with my friends in my arcade and half asking for a refund (But I think I just might be past the time, thanks to that arcade builder that is a sore)Also, let's completely ignore that there are multiple emulators that allow to multiplay on the same rom. I finished G&G with a friend multiple times. Yeah, desynch can happen. But it's way better than not multiplaying at all. Or not knowing what they are playing.If this game was sold as a solo Arcade salon simulator, it would be ok, but this isn't. The dev has by now seen other people being disappointed by that and probably the multiple articles online claiming this game would offer multiplay. Not mentioning this on the store page is obvious lie by omission.But hey, that's 20 bucks for him right. :)"
,Recommended,465780,32911474,Posted: 27 June,all,Gramoph0ne,"one of the best VR apps ever made,buy itits a bit of a ballache setting the arcade up,but at least you can customize it from the ground upEDIT!There are some places on the net you can find ""packs"" where you download them and replace a folder with another and boom it fills your arcade with everything you need...cant say here as that is against the rules but google is your mate...mate :D"
76561198076678962,Recommended,465780,24682587,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Zeno Spinoza,"This is truly an incredible experience.  I can't help but smile when entering this virtual space. Yes, there are a few quirks here and there regarding a few emulations (I can't seem the get the ""game boys"" to work, and the snes plays great, but it does sound off), but I can start up the 1989 Batman, then decide to walk in the other room to play some Super Mario World, or air hockey while Army of Darkness plays next to it. Then, when I'm bored with that, walk back into the screening room to finish Batman, which I left running. And the atmosphere, and stock games alone are worth the price.I understand this as a total passion project for the developers, and I have no doubt they'll tie up the few loose ends in no time. However, those who're expecting to play two player roms online should probably forget about that. The developers gave us bowling, air hockey, hoop shot, whack-a-mole, and skeeball to play with friends. I haven't tried 2-player yet, so I don't know if others can see your emulations running, but all I hope for is to have friends cheer/tease me while they watch me play Ms Pacman.I would love the tapes to be able to hold entire albums instead of just one song; and I'd love some cheesy, cliche bowling alley animatics when someone gets a strike, or spare, or gutterball, etc.Edit:""Game boys"" are working perfectly now! This game has an incredibly responsive development team! One thing to note further for potential buyers though, I've only been able to get the cabinet arcade games to play 80s arcade games, or prior (basically Golden Axe (1989) is the newest game I've been able to run through MAME on them). Don't expect to play Marvel vs Capcom just yet. However, you can run the SNES emulator on the cabinets, so I can still play TMNT: Turtles in Time, and NBA Jam, but it just doesn't have the same feel. By that, I mean it always saves, and picks up right where I left off. It doesn't do that with the MAME games. That's an incredible feature for typical SNES games, but I'd like the option to reset so it feels like I'm walking in on a new day of arcade action when I re-enter the game.Guys, despite my criticisms, I've never been happier buying a game before. This game deserves more love, and attention."
76561198003307131,Recommended,465780,30269816,Posted: 1 March,all,Scott Evil,"""Ready: Player One"" and ""Oasis""   pre alpha stage/early access.Soon we will all be hanging out in virtual 1980s basements playing retro videogames with our friends as we neglect our real life responsibilities.   I, for one, can't wait."
,Recommended,465780,28581293,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Karnov,"When you load up New Retro Arcade - with of course your ahem legally aquired ROMs you will find yourself in the most stunning recreation of a 90s arcade with machines all around you begging to take your quarters.Is this the ideal way to play arcade games, well of course not but you can, and actually seeing dozens of CRT monitors really makes this the coolest Frontend ever. I'm a kid again hearing The Simpsons Arcade Game theme jingle in the background next to ""RAWKET LAUNCHER!""Sadly Mame emulation can only get you so far of course (Time Crisis has audio problems) but maybe just maybe this game will convince publishers like Bamco and Warner Bros to rerelease all the great Lightgun games again in a format akin to this.If anything this game sets the gold standard of simulation in VR. That this works so amazingly with just Gen 1 shows how much potential there is to VR."
,Recommended,465780,25121937,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Morty,"Im not the type of person to review. Normally I would just look at a game, see if its good, buy it, play it, repeat. But there are too many reasons why I have to review this game. So, I'll just list them off and explain.1: The Game itself, is a simulation of an 80s and early 90s arcade, yada yada yada. You can do multiplayer, in vr, and without it. You can customize it how you like it. Yes there are bugs. But the amazing team (#3) is working hard. Sure there might not be games straight in there. But its just not possible. And all that other stuff like tiny details and attract screens? They still have bugs. They need to be fixed.2: The Potential, as I view it, is huge. Here we have a 6 player majesty of a simulation with so much possibilities. And we dont even have workshop yet. There could be custom maps, cabinet art, hats, maybe mods? Ok.. final reason.3: The Team, is amazing. They listen to people on the forums, they accept suggestions, they help you when you need it. They even go above and beyond to help you with problems you might have. They are nice so dont worry about them being angry at you for friending them when you need help.All in all, I think this game is one of my favorites. And it will be, for a long time."
,Recommended,465780,24670742,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Straight Outta Quantum,"This game is a very realistic arcade.  Although you have to grab all of the ROM's yourself, throwing them into the game is as easy as using the Windows File Explorer.  As a note, custom ROM's will not working online (multiplayer) which may discourage some, but everything else (over 10 minigames, video players, physics simulations, etc.) does, which in fact keeps the atmosphere bliss.  Also, those complaining about the bugs have put maybe 15 minutes into the game and don't understand that this game is still in development and was released just recently."
76561198091757888,Recommended,465780,26025369,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,deivuyurei28,To simply put it this game is amazing..So what you have is 2 highly detailed beautiful looking arcades that you can play in Desktop mode or VR using the Oculus Rift or HTC Vive to which you have 27 Arcade Cabinets in Classic and 33 in Neon and its totally up to you what games are running on the Cabinets thanks to emulators like Mame plus you can also customise your arcades from the posters to the arcade machines themselves so you can either make your own art for the machines which is super easy or download many that have been done by the awesome community so that your arcade machine looks excatly like the original ones in real life or however you want them to look i mean you can even add attract videos to the machines making it like being there in real life especially when playing this in Virtual Reality BUT wait theres so much more..You also have a Snes console to which again is up to you what games you play due to using a Snes emulator and you can even customise the snes cartridges to look like the original art to the games you have on them plus you have a Gameboys and yes same as before you play the games you want by using a Gameboy emulator.. Yes theres even more lol you also have a Bowling Alley plus Skeeball plus Whack A Mole plus Air Hockey Plus Darts and One Punch Boxing that you can play with friends online and you also have a Cinema and again its up to you what films or tv shows are on the vhs tapes that play inside the games Cinema theres also cassete tapes that have different live streaming radio stations or you can put your own music on these tapes to enjoy inside your Arcades.. Theres also little bits like playing with a Etch A Sketch and a Electric Guitar Plus Electric Drums.. Plus the developers are simply awesome they literally bend over backwards helping people and listening to the community plus you have a easy to use setup guide by Vermillion if you ever need help getting started or the developers themselves will help you out or even the awesome community behind this game.. To put simply these is a dream come true as with the thanks to this game and the Oculus Rift for Virtual Reality i now have my very own arcade that plays the games that i want :)
76561198007183585,Recommended,465780,29595527,Posted: 30 January,all,dichta,"I can reccomand this great Game for Everybody who wants to go back in Time and enjoy the Flair of an 80s Arcade.But only if you are a little dedicated to put Time in building your own Arcade.I personally put a lot of work inside to create my own Space with designing Artwork for the Cabinets, getting Roms to work and i really enjoy this a lot. You can check the Artwork Community , most of the Posts are from me there :-)If you are not willing to put this efford then better stay away from this.It is a great way to enjoy Arcade Classics especially it is the Best Solution for Lightgun Games.It is far away from beeing Perfect but there is still work beeing done and i hope it will continue .Here are some of my wishes to the Developers:1. I know this is kind of Difficult but please put a feature that you can actually invite Friends to your own build Arcade and play games with them. There have to be some Kind of solution. Maybe via a share Function over the Workshop that you can download User made builds and then can play together.2. I really feel kind of lonely by Times in my Arcade :-) , if no proper online play add some optional stereotypical greasy 80s Npcs . This would be a Blast.3. Add more Lightgun Cabinets ! Because this is for me one of the greatest Features of NRA Neaon and i want more.4. Add Sega Genesis and Saturn emulator Cores !5. Add a Lasertag Play Area :-) !6. Please work on the Performance. I am rocking a pretty powerful Alienware Gaming Rig with a Geforce 1080 and i hear my GPU Screaming through the Headphones. If i crank the Details to max its not playable anymore .Otherwise thanks for crating this piece of Art and please keep working on it !!"
76561197965046218,Recommended,465780,24730118,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Webmonkie,"Amazing Atmospheric game!  You can load your own Rom, Videos and even Music...1980's I AM BACK!I would advise doing some research on how to set this up using custom content.  Reddit is your friend. Also the developer is on the case fixing shiz, As one games dev to another.  Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,465780,24716582,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SM Sith Lord,"NewRetro is all about the extremely immersive environment.There are lots of physical games to play along with a couple built-in video games that really make NewRetro *feel* as good as it looks.For example, I picked up this little 80's robot I saw driving around and took plenty of time inspecting every detailed part of it, down to its amazing looking screw holes.This kind of artistic ""depth"", combined with the many interactive objects throughout the building, make it a very enjoyable experience.  With a little work, you can even get the arcade machines to run your own games with libretro, adding even more ""depth"".It's one very pretty & very detailed building with excellent VR support.  I recommend the experience."
,Recommended,465780,31100237,Posted: 12 April,all,80s Stallone,At first I didn't think much about NRA. I thought it was cool but found Launchbox more conventional for playing my huge Emulation collection. Then I played it in VR on my Oculus Rift and I was left speechless. I ran into the next room to get my brother. I had to show him. I haven't done this since 1986 when I was 5 years old playing the first Super Mario Bros.This was simply the most amazing VR experience I have ever had. Forget all those fancy tech demos. All it took was the attract screen for Burger Time to instaly transport me back to the 1980s. It felt so real. I play it seated with a gamepad and I have sat and beat countrless games in one play session. I never do that. With Emulation it was always a novelty to play these old games and try and re-live the moment. It's totally diffrent when your staring at an exactly replica of an Arcade cobinet complte with artwork and glowing marquees.  I play NRA more than any other VR game I own. I can't recommened this enough. The only thing missing is the ball pit.
,Recommended,465780,29536030,Posted: 27 January,all,Arcteres,"Ive only played a few minutes of this and i understand why this won a steam award. Firstly, while the actual machines in the game are useless, you can download roms off google and put them in, in other words, THIS IS A 80'S EMULATOR. (it features support for Gameboy, GBC, NES, SNES, and other old game ROMS). Secondly, it doesnt JUST act as a video game emulator, you can even import your own movies, music and posters as well, AND THE GAME IS MULTIPLAYER. This game is amazing and while it is a paid emulator, its worth it."
,Not Recommended,465780,32810115,Posted: 26 June,all,SimpleSimon,"Got a refund on this, despite a seperate program being available to manage games in this, I found it to much of a pain to set up. It really should be much more streamlined and intuitive.Then there is the lack of custmising your personal arcade, I hoped I would have been able to choose the cabinet types and where they were placed, but no, you have an arcade layout which you cannot change except for the rom and art on the cabinets.Finally we get to controls, yes they work for Oculus touch, but it is fiddly and while it is not really the fault of this software, I find I have to have a dedicated controller with me as well as my touch controllers to play the arcade machines in any reasonable comfort.Basically after the initial cool factor of seeing it you start to realise the limits somewhat quickly, topped off with the irritation of trying to get your roms in the arcade and working correctly using a non intuitive and clumsy method, it doesn`t seem worth it.I`ll keep a watch to see if they streamline it more, and maybe give us the ability to actually build our very own arcades rather than limit us to a default layout, then I`ll consider purchasing again."
76561198183807801,Recommended,465780,24671327,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,will,"I have been playing New Retro Arcade, since it popped up on the Oculus website almost 2 years ago. This was my favorite experience on my DK2 and I was very excited to see it come on steam, and have put a lot of time into the Demo.  In all I've probably spent 50 hours in the virtual arcade. This has the potential to be the perfect VR experience, but its not there yet.  I am hopeful that the Devs are not done, and will continue to improve things like the mini games, better controls, and multiplayer ROMS which everyone wants.  I have no doubt they will, since it keeps getting better."
,Not Recommended,465780,31667276,Posted: 10 May,all,CharlesBarkley_,"The game does give you fair warning that you'll have to procure your own ROM's.It doesn't give you any warning about the obscene amount of troubleshooting that's necessary to get an arcade cabinet running.What I wanted/expected was an empty arcade, which I could fill with arcade machines, select what type of arcade machine it would be (lightgun, standard, fighting game, etc..) and load up a rom onto it, all in VR. From there just pick up the lightgun, calibrate the gun, bind some controls and have a blast playing lightgun games in VR.Unfortunately, simplicity was not the nature of most arcade games. Instead the game has avery long community guideon how to use the Arcade Builder tool. The Arcade Builder is a seperate program from which you configure your arcade.I started by trying to play CarnEvil (which is apparently one of the harder arcade ROMS to get working). The guide tells me I need to load the ROM up in MAME first, configure it and calibrate the lightguns, then take the saved preset and put it into NewRetroArcade:Neon (This step was only required for CarnEvil and Terminator 2). Of course then I need to use the Arcade Builder to set up a CarnEvil cabinet. I load up the CarnEvil Rom, put in the gun calibration co-ordinates, tell it what BIOS to use to run the ROM, Now I'm surely ready to play, right?I decide to playtest the cabinet on it's own. And.. it runs, at least. But now I'm using a mouse to move a lightgun, the MAME emulator running CarnEvil registers the mouse/lightgun as a joystick, doesn't recognize my keyboard at all except for Tab, which opens a configuration menu, which might be helpful if the configuration menu could accept keyboard inputs. All I can do is left-click to move through the configuration menus, and rebind all the controls to left-click. I managed to get some coins into the machine, somehow, but apparently MAME can't accept ""shoot"" and ""start""and""insert coin"" all being bound to left-click.Let's try heading into VR, to see if MAME will see my Vive controllers as lightguns, maybe then we can bind those controls a bit better? Nope. I load up the game in VR, move over to where I'd set the arcade cabinet up, and it doesn't even appear.When you solve one problem, you create two more. Maybe eventually you can iron out all the flaws. But it becomes increasingly not worth it to continue troubleshooting, I gave up.I don't recommend this game, but it isn't the games fault. I blame MAME in particular for my bad experience with the game, but since NRA:Neon relies on MAME, it has to have it's share of the blame. Would definitely recommend if they find a way to streamline the process of setting up arcades somehow.EDIT:There exists a pack of arcade cabinets loaded up and ready to go on reddit."
76561197972610271,Recommended,465780,24663162,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Ubserd,This is a totally amazing experience. Brings me back to my youth. I am using the oculus rift and the sense of scale and immersion is very impressive. One of the best VR experiences you can buy especially if you are from the 80's – 90s. The only thing that I would like the Devs to address if posible is to implement a way to lock your Xbox one game controller so all of the buttons are available while you are playing arcade games being that some require more than are available. Plus sometimes I will accidentally press a button and disconnect from the arcade unit and it's a little frustrating. I figure they can make the input a left or right click of the analog to lock you in to the game you're playing in a later update. Other than that small grape it is a very solid experience. FYI if you are getting stuttering when the game first loads in VR. Go to settings and change from full screen to windowed. It now runs like butter now on my rig. Very recommended.
,Recommended,465780,28545484,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,GBL™,"This game is stunning, it takes me back to being a lonley 8 year old boy whilst my parents were getting drunk in the pub, i would go to the 'Quay Amusments' in Poole, Dorset, England, and i would play the machiens, or more to the point stare at others playing them (roll the ahhhhhhhs) lol anyway, i ♥♥♥♥ign loving this, my only gripe is it needs to have a full screen mode for the arcade machines and needs more cigarette smoke lol."
76561197989059751,Recommended,465780,25281639,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,montyZoomerHall,"This is quite simply the best bit of software I've ever used! Okay, maybe that's over the top but it _is_ the best VR experience I've tried. I spend several hours in it last night, playing games, watching snippets of 80's films in the theater and just wondering about. I love it and it was worth every single satoshi I spent on it!Now, I don't really play that many AAA games because I'm simply not interested in them but I do own my own real arcade cab and would love to own more but do not have the room and money to do so. This brilliant game allows me to do that and also immerse myself in 80's nostalgia at the same time.I think it works so well because 80's arcade games do not require high resolution so is very suited to the admittedly low resolution of my DK2.The game also has lots of interesting 'hidden' features like the humorous newspaper clippings on the wall, the little robot that wonders about (that I have to keep picking up and putting back on it's feet).It's great. Put simply: if you grew up in the 80's and own a Vive or an Oculus you would be a fool not to buy this game.BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,465780,29342379,Posted: 18 January,all,Badhamknibbs,"NOTE: This is essentially a pretty emulator, but it does a really damn good job at it.After getting a pack to fill in all the cabinets (which is very easy, it's just drag + drop after a download), this becomes a fun arcade simulator that lets you move around an 80s arcade in all its glory. You can move around, jump between cabinets/consoles, and go to a miniature theatre that plays youtube videos or movies you manually install.One gripe I have with the game is how the game never unloads, meaning SNES/NES games tend to have issues. One big one is playing Earthbound, where it locks after doing a record, and you have to wipe your save in order to be able to play it again. This makes it pretty hard to play properly, as you have to completely wipe if you accidentally save.All around very fun, and is especially good in VR."
,Recommended,465780,29096082,Posted: 7 January,all,Nax_o,"Hard not to recommend this _software_. Just how many competitors are there anywhere? Anarchy Arcade? Why yes, the dev of that software seems to be actually a fan of this project so...Well on to it. Why should you get this? Ask rather why should you not get it. If MAME or Emulation does not ring any bells to you then you should probably skip this. If you however have a decent collection of MAME roms, SNES or Gameboy roms then oh my this game will really bring those roms to life by giving you a virtual playground where to mess around with them. Sega Megadrive does not work at this time so check what it supports if you have exotic emulation tastes.So let's do a short Pro's and Con's list.Pro's+ Being there feeling can't get any closer. Just use the lovely 3rd party software ArcadeManager to make attract videos for your cabinets and presto. The racket, the chatter and general noise is just like the real deal was in the past.+ Did i mention the immersion? It really is the number #1 here. Good (customizable) soundtracks too.+ Awesome _software_ for the person who wants to take their arcade experience to the next level.And the really important Con's- No ROMs included. If you don't at this point understand what i mean by this then you REALLY need to skip this.- Limited multiplay. Others can't play your ROMs so multiplayer is just messing around playing the non ROM related games that can be found at this time.  There is no video streaming or anything like that.- Some people do seem to be confused what this program actually is. I say it straight that this is a _software_ , a glorious front-end for your ROM's.- _This is not a game where you get to play real, licensed old games in a awesome virtual arcade_+- Some people might think the common area games are enough to warrant a buy. I disagree. Bowling, darts, some ball throwing games plus other misc activities where you can mess around with your environment. As fun as they are they are not good enough to warrant a buy alone and this purchase is not exactly cheap so that's a No. Don't buy this game just for the vanilla experience. This one requires you to modify it to your tastes.So with further ado i fully recommend this to people who are fans of old arcades and are in some way active in the scene. The rest be advised of the important con's i listed above."
76561198141292657,Recommended,465780,24769797,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,robbie_deroo,"I was reluctant to buy this because of some bad reviews, but oh man, those old reviews are outdated. New Retro Arcade: Neon is AMAZING! Works great with the Vive Controllers or my wired Xbox controller. Multiplayer works good too. I am thoroughly impressed. Got all my ROMS setup in under an hour, which included finding and downloading them (they cannot include them in the build for legal reasons, of course). Can't wait to create some wikked customizations with the complimentary app, New Retro Arcade Builder. Devs are always working fastidiously on the game, making awesome improvements. :)"
,Recommended,465780,25955892,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,"Whether or not you own a VR system, New Retro Arcade: Neon allows players to build their own virtual recreational rooms.Currently, it takes dedication and patience, but the pay-off is gratifying.An excellent gaming experience full of nostalgia and some giggles too!"
76561198158127115,Recommended,465780,29673537,Posted: 3 February,all,Nightmare,"New Retro Arcade: Neon is an awesome game as you can play your favorite ROMs on it. Whether it's on the SNES, the Gamebros, or even in the Arcade Cabinets. While I appreciate that it finally has Light Gun support, it still needs more added to it like Light Gun support for NES and SNES games (Like Duck Hunt and Super Scope 6 for example), and support for the SNES Mouse for games like Mario Paint and Mario & Wario. But other than that, it's a very good game to play if you want some nostalgia in your life or if you want to take a break from modern games like Five Nights at Freddy's: Sister Location."
,Recommended,465780,24729973,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Roly Poly Shake Shake,"Awsome! keep Reading!Edit: Demo you should try if are on this game section when Exploring que, keep reading, donts top until your sure what to do.also note if go in with roms are a bonus and you got a Vr headset, the rom Options is a nice bonuys, but game  realy add much more then you expect.if are a Retro  Fan. or Arcade fan, you should try the demo and put alot efort in finding out how stuf worksil bet my oculus that negtaive revieuws are based on its not plug and play,Roms.Bios have licences. makes it tricky. so not plug and play. Plug and play Mutiplayer , game itself, the  bowling.AIrhockey etc, but not the roms.it takes some work to get everything working , like roms and music and transition from Demo to full.personaly whould like straight totorial videos and not google seurch. or dlc packs.i inmagine most ppl dont have experience with Roms, and i am sure that damage the comunity. but the content is so powerful its deserves ppl to put time in it. it deserves more time then you expect.but grapics are by far the best on any Vr/Game i have seen, its all the smal things and objects with any oter game arent there becuase it has no use. in this game everything is there, cables, plugs,fingerprints, and those arent even random generated, if it was a 96# copy of a real place, i cant inmgaine how they do it, i sure whould have forgoten to write everything down, so much detail.starnge thing is, Mutiplay 60% of time i found a loby, gues the system used for mutplay is  good, becuase other games like airmech i strught to find somting even with 1 hour wait and requres oclus on . this game its seems great. playerbase is stil smal due the hardware type. might be not Vr lobye, i do not know, but worked fine, and if not single player is great toits reto arcade game, donte xpect gta style,and potential seems of the chart, love it. but take your time with Demo. so you buy with good feeling and not revert to crazy refund system of steam, cos you will if not give it enough time in demo. 10 mins play wont do it. need more time, you need to give the game more time to leurn whats its capable ofatm  Demo version i couldnet get casettes to work, on Ful it worked,. took alot time to figure stuf like thatits not map like gta, but smal 2 maps,but very very polished.If have eye for detail, the 23,- is worth on that on its own no doubt. Detail is most likley higer and more perfect then you expect from any game, even the big companys, or inmagine. its smalscale but qaulity of everything they strive for and already is is breathtaking.Edit:next to the arcade roms and stuf, i feel they wil add alot more and that there already is much more to this game then roms.Demo is fun, but the Full Version is alot difrend. if not worth only the f act the muiplayer.you dont need voice to comunicate with other players."
,Recommended,465780,24720185,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Nueromancer,Totally rad dude !! Dig into Reddit and you will be happy. I had an awesome setup in 15 minutes!!!
76561198258086206,Recommended,465780,28616762,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,GideonGramme,"<takes a huge chug of jolt cola> DDDDDUUUUUUUUUUUUUUDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEE.........seriously, i was there in the 80's it's perfect. The modability of this games is infinite. can i make it my load screen for all my other games?"
,Recommended,465780,26280316,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MatiasBaci,"Fantastic game for the Vive, if you have the time to set it up. It is not difficult once you figure it out, but it can be time consuming. It has become my favorite game to demo the Vive. I recommend using an Xbox controller to play the games and the Vive controllers to interact with everything else and move around. Also, search the interwebz for skins and whatnot. Visit the game's subreddit for tutorials."
76561197983649014,Recommended,465780,27958434,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Drunk2,"Without a time machine, this is the closest you can ever get to going back to an 80's arcade... and not just any arcade, a really amazingly cool arcade.  In VR the controls are a little wonky, but well worth the minor frustration."
,Recommended,465780,25312725,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,BlackBox Keebz,"I love this system... seriously. love it love it love it! Yes, you have to set it up... and as someone who has NEVER worked with a ROM a day in his life, I promise you you can figure it out. Everything about this is awesome. Sure, there are things I would LOVE to see improved, fixed, or changed... hopefully in time we will see that. However, for $20... I get my old hometown arcade back! Thank you"
,Recommended,465780,29674954,Posted: 3 February,all,SnowYeti,"If you are a fan of emulation then I highly recommend New Retro Arcade: Neon. I would however like to say if you do not have much knowledge on emulation or ROMs, then be prepared to put time into this game. You can’t just walk in and play the Arcade games (this is due to copyright stuff) – The developers have kindly given us the option to be able to add our own games which I think is amazing. Speaking of Developers, the way they respond and treat their fan base is a testament to how it should be done. They are extremely responsive and truly seem to care about their gamers. Finally, not everything in this game is perfect, (the controls could be clearer) but I’d give it 9/10."
,Recommended,465780,29776307,Posted: 7 February,all,Wolfie,"Push it to the limits...Retro Arcade offers a fun 3D environment where you can setup and play your favourite arcades trough a fancy looking arcade cabinets, play an actual SNES on a old CRT TV, gameboy on an actual gameboy, Watch movies on a projector or listen to nice tunes from the internet... the possibilities are quite endless.As of now the whole concept seems quite shallow tho. Running the emulators require a different set of ""LibRetro Cores"" wich means new'er emulators such as Ps1, N64, Ps2... cannot be emulated at all trough the ""game"" world and only older emulations like NES and SNES are supported.Good:Graphics (The game looks rather nice running on a Unreal Engine)Sound Design (Lots of arcade machines playing audio at the same time generates a realistic feel)Customization (Can make your own art for the cabinets)Bad:Lack of emulation support: Due to the fact that you cant use new'er emulators kind of sets the whole game down a notch, not being able to play Ps2 games or the WiiU titles trough Cemu in the arcade is quite a drawback. If the devs could come up a way to support almost any type of emulator in the game it would make the experience much more worth it.No Fullscreen or closeups: Now the game is trying to emulate a realistic feel of an arcade and it achieves it by using filters and effects over the game screen that make the game look like your playing it on a old TV or monitor, wich makes you not want to play the games more than 10 minutes at a time.Arcade Manager is little hard to useIn all and all the retro arcade is a really fun way to experience your favourite games and if eventually we get support for most if not all the emulators out there, it could become one of the best ways to play emulators."
76561197967217311,Recommended,465780,26585369,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,DyManic,"Awesome, setup some MAME ROMS and it takes you back to your youth :) Reminded me of playing Final Fight a the seaside with my brother."
,Recommended,465780,27108953,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Null,Great immersion! There is an editor in place so you can truely make the arcade your own (link youtube videos to the VHS cassets and watch them on a projector!) Beautiful design and just overall a great showcase of VR and entertainment.
,Recommended,465780,29636995,Posted: 1 February,all,Handsome Kaz,"I highly recommend this!There are tons of ways to customize and enjoy the arcade if you're willing to put forth a bit of effort.Though you can't see or play games that your friends are playing, I still very much enjoy the multiplayer experience as well. It's a fun environment for VR and non-VR users to unite and hang out.The dev team is also very attentive and polite. They help out when someone is having issues and they listen to suggestions and bug reports."
76561197970866188,Recommended,465780,29205264,Posted: 12 January,all,The Maddog,What an awesome 80s simulator and most certainly one of the best looking VR games.  Great game/ experiance if you own a lot of roms and want your own virtual arcade.
76561198456531998,Recommended,465780,27350105,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vanellope,"Well, what can I say? This is like a dream come true for someone like me! It's pretty much a virtual arcade that you can build to anything you want. Not only that, you can actually play games in ways that no-one thought about at the time, such as using an SNES-style console to play a GBC game. It's like a Super Game Boy..but better.The arcade machines themselves are just as good. Get MAME, pick out your roms, set them up and off you go! Well, there is a bit of a learning curve for the tool, but once you understand it, and find ways to make it work, it's fun!Sadly, there is one major issue with NRAN, but it doesn't seem to be DCC's fault, it's more to do with the libRetro stuff. Any Genesis/Mega Drive cores that I've tried don't seem to work on Windows 8.1 and 10, but they do in Windows 7. It makes no sense at all to me, but there's nothing they can do about that, aside from switching back to Windows 7*Still, if you don't have a head-set, it makes for a nice front-end, but the real fun is when you use one, it makes it feel like you're there..well, almost!*Personally, I would just switch back to Windows 7, anyway."
,Recommended,465780,33212553,Posted: 3 July,all,A Water Bottle,"this game is soooo fun i love it. i dont have vr but i think it would be better with it. being able to pload your own custom art, videos, arcade games, snes, and gameboy roms that all work in game. i installed a rom pack that is 2.6 gb worth of games and is so fun including the simpsons, time chrisis, ms pacman, frogger, super mario all stars, and more. i installed super star wars, pokemon red and blue, shaq fu, doom, wolfenstein 3d, and GTA 2 myself and have had no problems. all the textures, shadows, lighting, and physics are extremely realistic and i feel like im looking at real images. my only complaint is that its too realistic with the lighting on the gameboys and you require the perfect lighting to see the screen. the flashlight is pretty dandy for that tho. i know that parker and garret are reading this so hi guys."
76561198041889842,Recommended,465780,27313936,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jim Gordon,"This is a getaway from real life. Not just a game, but it's where I'll spend my next vacation."
,Recommended,465780,28338031,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Shuckle The Overlord,"New Retro Arcade Neon is an experience designed to trigger your nostalgia as much as possible, and it can, if you know what you are doing. This game is designed to give you the basic assets, and leave you to customize it to make your very own arcade, only then will you discover the power of this game. You will need to do some work to enjoy this much, if at all, its not that hard, but a bit time consuming, and you will need a decent computer to run this even at an ok framerate, and also, you will probably need to get a friend or two to buy this game to have the maximum possible enjoyment out of this, and luckily non vr players can play too! Because I'm getting sick of all the vr only games on steam right now, it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. So if you want to relive your childhood and are willing to work for it, then give this game a go, but if you aren't put up for the work then don't even bother, you will need friends as well to buy this game. 7/10"
,Recommended,465780,24678902,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MDMNMSC,"i am playing with the vive and my current issue is whe the game first boots up, i dont know to move (or cant move, for all i know) is there a fix? i really like the cocept of this game but i am afraid i cannot reccomend it.EDIT:Now i have got the game to work, it is an awesome experiencce that is very fun and immersive, once you get past the initial problems, it is a must buy for the vive."
,Recommended,465780,24665217,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,M3gadeuce,"Hmmm, kind of hard to say. As of this moment, I feel like I would give this a  fair 70%. The atmosphere in this game is amazing, and it's also cool to show off your arcade to your friends, but the downer for me is that there is no ROM multiplayer support. That means that your friends cant go next to you and play ""The simpsons"" arcade game, or ""Metal slug"" for that matter. Still  a great immersive experience, but having netplay ROM support would put this around 90% for me.Also, dont know if it's possible in this current build, but it would be really nice if we could design a lot more with our arcades, rather than just posters and the machines. For example  I wish I could build a 2nd floor and have people join me in there, or just idk, actually be able to sit down on a couch and have the camera automaticallly zoom into the tv. Or even be able to design the floors, or create more space, etc. This game also needs pinball too. There are just so many possibilities to improve the experience in this game. It's crazy. The devs are very dedicated to giving this game more polish, so I'm going to see what more they can offer.On that note, If I had suggestions to make the game better, I'd like the controls to be a bit more intuitive, especially for people with controllers. It would also be good to improve the emulation on the games too. Some games you load up will just not run and crash, shutting the game down entirely.  I would also like to have the arcade rooms more customizable as well. Maybe being able to customize the carpets, the walls, etc, and maybe even add in more space. Most of all though, I think the multiplayer aspect needs a little more than what it has now. At the very least, it would be nice if we had mics, or text chat. But if I really had to choose one feature to be added to this game, it would be multiplayer rom support. I feel that without this feature, the game just doesn't really feel that social. And to me, this is supposed to feel like a social experience, going out with your friend and playing at the arcades. I dont know if playing ski ball and bowling is good enough to really warrant that."
,Recommended,465780,30777814,Posted: 27 March,all,Ruddiger,Oculus Rift - £550Oculus Touch Controllers - £180Retro Arcade: Neon - £15Playing Mortal Kombat 1 in VR - £745Being a chump - Priceless
,Recommended,465780,24661629,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mobster_Dolphin,"I freaking love this game!!! of course Im a huge fan of the setting! of course I gotta be fair and say, DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE  ONLY INTERESTED IN VIVE/MOTIONCONTROLL GAMEPLAY. unfourtunatly at the date of 8/1/2016 the motion controlls are garbage. The roms work fine, the movies work fine, but unfourtunatly the Motion controls suck. when they fix them I will change my review. BUT if youre interested in a sitting controller expierence then this game is up your alley!"
76561198004135441,Recommended,465780,29877393,Posted: 12 February,all,Revy,"New Retro Arcade Neon is awesome. The people involved in making this did a top notch job of recreating a virtual arcade. After you figure out the in's and out's of putting in your roms / music / movies the possibilities are endless. Fantastic job, I hope support for this remains around for a long long time."
76561197988332522,Recommended,465780,29616792,Posted: 31 January,all,Contractor,"Absolutely love this title.  I was a fan before the Retro version too.  The atmosphere, how well the ROMS play and a responsive Development team really make this a 'must own' title.  If you experienced this back in the day, it's like being transported back in time.  If you haven't and are curious about such things as ""What was it like to go to a video store on  a friday night in hopes of scoring that 'new Release'"" and other antiquated aspects of society long past then this will be both an entertaing and educational journey for you."
,Recommended,465780,29706230,Posted: 4 February,all,JackHammerSalm,"I have been following this project for a long time, since they released the first beta. It had me hooked then. They continue to grow from strength to strength. Neon is more than just a frontend. it's a labour of love, while with it's faults (limited Arcade purity in terms of proper control accuracy ie single player controls). I've bought 2 copies of this for me and a friend and we are both impressed with it. For what you pay for, you get a pretty fleshed out arcade builder (with a community to create skins for arcades everyday). while the actual game only provides just 2 maps what you can do within those maps is completely up to you NEON has a air hockey for multiplayer fun along with a whack a mole machine. what makes this quite unique is the vive and occulus controls which are disigned for senitivity unlike the controllers with are good for the arcades. Whatever these guys are going to do to this or whatever game they are working on you will see a level of dedication and energy which I saw when I first saw this. On a personal note guys please implement lazer tag. you do and I'll happily buy another copy :P plus find a way to include custon arcade cabinets rather than the 3 types you are using. Your groundwork towards this good but you are being compared to the likes of anarchy Arcade and 3d arcade which both have unique cabs"
76561197973991998,Recommended,465780,28623284,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,con2000us,"The price is great, since I would pay more dollars for finishing an single arcade game. :("
,Recommended,465780,33940024,Posted: 31 July,all,Gromek999,"Takes a bit of setup since the game isn't really shipped pre-installed with games, you gotta get the roms yourself (luckily there's plenty guides).When you get it up and working this is an extremely immersive VR experience (and non-VR), the gameboy, cabinets and SNES even theater and music player that are all fully customizable... amazing, can absolutely recommend for anyone looking for a nostalgia trip."
76561198048048796,Recommended,465780,28570010,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,kierankent,good game
76561197984996228,Recommended,465780,29636197,Posted: 1 February,all,Marius,"This game is really awesome!When I first found out you can use a simple tool to import ROMS and Emulators, and even customize the graphics one the machines and cartridges on the games, I just went full working on making an awesome arcade hall and just use up every single machine and game I could find, and I'm happy with the results. And after that they even updatet the game with awesome updates so I could make live attract screens with sound so got even better and felt even more of your own dream arcade. If you really like those good ol' classic arcades and the 80's 90's arcade hall feel, you should definatly look into this game, the steam community offers good tutorials to help you customize a hall, and grahpics ain't that hard to do, just copy images from google search and use a template image to fit them in. :)After creating my hall, I have had friends to join on retro gaming nights with coffe and it's great fun. 10 out of 10 from me :D"
,Recommended,465780,27352516,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flash Cannon,if you like the sound of old school gaming in a virtual arcade theres no reason not to get this game VR is a bonus but its still fun on screen! Local multiplayer would be nice but its still amazing without
,Recommended,465780,28811514,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Iivaitte the Alchemist,My hard drive crashed a while back in an incident unrelated to this game.If I wasent on holiday followed by the crash of my hard drive I would have probably put many more hours into this.I remember playing it back when it was a free demo.This game will blast you right back to 1980s-1990s.This turns your oculus/vive into the perfect rose tinted glasses for all our nostalgic needs.One time while playing this for a short moment I forgot I wasent 10 and the rest of my life happened.Makes me wish arcades still exsisted in the way they did back in those days.Thank you Cybercherries for letting me experience my childhood again.
76561198002919111,Recommended,465780,28925929,Posted: 1 January,all,DarthSith,This is technically not a game so much as more of a fancy hubworld for Roms and Emulators. But that is a great thing in this case which it does really well. If you are a casual gamer and like playing old roms from the 80s and 90s this is the perfect atmosphere to do it in. The graphics are stunning. And the ability to customize each arcade cabinet in order to make them into real world games is pretty damn useful and fun.Although the minimum system specs seem high that seems to be just for VR.My specs are: FX-4300 9602GB 8GBAnd I get around 60 fps with all the postfx and shadows set to low and textures and AA on high.Game still looks beautiful with mostly low settings. But those with better CPUs should get even better results than me.
76561198106158248,Recommended,465780,33469432,Posted: 11 July,all,Sliceyapples,"Honestly, one of the coolest games I've ever played! It has plenty of things to do and theres always something you could change. The game looks incredible and everything about it makes it feel like an arcade! Because of that, it's very immerise and unique. If you get bored of playing arcade games, you can do other mini games like air hockey, bowling, watching youtube videos on vhs tapes, listening to custom raidio stations, ski ball, basketball, darts, playing a guitar, and playing electronic drums. All of this sounds really cool and what makes it better is that you can play multiplayer with your friends! This game also has VR support but as I do not own a VR headset, I can't really say much about it except for it looks really awesome! Go buy this game, it's only 20 dollars and is one of my favorite games on steam!Also I was looking at one of the laser tag posters and it said ""coming soon"". So it looks like we will be seeing more content in the future! Keep up the good work!"
76561197988531335,Recommended,465780,27546972,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nabeday,If you love arcades and emulation then this is the game for you. It is a wonderful VR experience and takes me back to my childhood. Well worth the money and well supported by the both devs and the community.
,Recommended,465780,24993047,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Lunker,Despite not being able to play multi-player on rom'd games and a few other small issues I can still recommend this game.  The atmosphere created is amazing.  The developers are working towards many new features and for the money I feel its worth the experience.For those without VR I can tell you its still worth getting.  As a matter of fact this game was enough to make me go out and order a HTC VIVE.Add me up if you want to hang out in the arcade.
,Recommended,465780,28666791,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PodKillz,Once you install the ROMs This is Amazing. Play online people!
,Recommended,465780,29350331,Posted: 18 January,all,EpicConspiracy,"This game is simply mind blowing in VR, it takes some time setting it up but once you have everything like you want it, youll be spending hours in your arcade thinking its 1985. If youre playing some classic games, or watching a movie in the cinema the entire experience is great fun. 10/10 the must have VR experience you can buy."
,Recommended,465780,24797589,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,ToastedToast,"The best representation of the arcades and retro gaming, with a costI think the concept of this game is AMAZING!, but the vhs tapes don't always play local files and the arcade builder does not have as many options as the demo (walkspeed, vr, comfort mode, ability to remove scanlines from the snes tv, etc.) and not all libretro cores work. (genesis)I hope the devs fix this soon! (and see this review too!)What the game should haveI think there should be the ability to change the CRT TV into a HDTV (16:9 with no outlines) and more consoles (N64, GBC, GBA, DS, etc.) and a monitor that acts like virtual desktop.Final ThoughtsThe atmosphere is amazing and the non-arcadebuilder content is great and made with great attention to detail.The only things that would make this game better is a lower price, fixed bugs, and a free/cheap soundtrack!8.5 out of 10! ~ToastedToast"
,Recommended,465780,29798138,Posted: 9 February,all,SIMPLY AUSTIN,"Its AWESOME!  If you love Arcades, Retro and Neon... this is for you hehehe.  Nah, but to be honest it is a perfect bend of retro gaming and remaking those memories I had as a kid.Pros:It looks AwesomeInfinite options to customise your machines, your music, your arcadeAbility to invite your friends to your arcade and chillVisually this is stunning with a great retro feelVR or not, it plays and reacts perfect with fully playable gamesUpdates are big game changers... literallyIts AWESOME!Cons:Initial setup to get gaming can be a steep curve if not familiar to emulationAbility for more customization in the enviroment would be greatMore help with advanced features could be givenSummary....Again, its AWESOME and for those who love games, want to try them or just love retro nostalgia, this is for you.  When you first load up its a slog to get it running.  Follow this vid for quick setup and advanced features:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_5cFS3NEaE&t=155sIts not a game that works out the box.  But if you invest a little time, the rewards are MAGICAL! :)"
,Recommended,465780,25560168,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Paulkdragon,"While yes it can play roms BE AWARE sometimes the program WILL crash depending on the rom your playing like say ""Metal Slug 2,3,4 or 5"" SNES games are fine you just need to play on the right one i hope thatone day they will be a ""Multiplayer patch"" that way we can play snes games and arcades with our friends"
,Recommended,465780,29504146,Posted: 26 January,all,shanders 845,Very good game one of the best looking ones through the oculus...really makes you feel like your in a 1980's arcade only thing that lets it down is the ability to use genesis emulator (it freezes) but apart from that its brill.
76561198375505515,Recommended,465780,34021087,Posted: 4 August,all,CrazyMurdock,"Retro bliss. Wonderfully put together, and all the arcade machines chirping away reminds me of the 80s/90s.Not sure if it's my PC or what but I get slightly choppy sound when playing the arcade games if i use the Neon arcade. The Classic arcade is fine. Only annoyance is that there is no light gun cabinet in the classic one. Maybe a bit of tinkering can fix it. (I cheated and downloaded a pre made arcade)It's sooooooo customisable it's scary. You could spend days without even playing a single game if you wanted to."
,Recommended,465780,29498139,Posted: 26 January,all,HelplessToSpeed,this is not a game. this is life of retro arcade games.10/10
,Recommended,465780,29531693,Posted: 27 January,all,Aoshi,"i tend to get lost in this ""game"" probably more than i shouldi don't have VR but I do not think i'm missing much...i've done a lot of customization in my arcadehere are some things i've done in my dream arcade:i've watched the entirety of pretty in pink on the cinema while playing links awakening on a gameboyi've made my perfect killer instinct cabinet complete with attract screen thanks to the community of people making tools for this game. it gives me goosebumps to see every time i walk into my arcade.i've dropped many donuts on a robot and then threw the robot in the trash and got an achievementi've gotten a bit through earthbound while taking breaks to play ice hockey and bowling with friendsi've listened to all of pink floyd's the wall while shooting hoops and whacking molesi've stared at my escape from new york poster while thinking about how awesome john carpenter isthose are just a few things i have done in my dream arcadei hope you enjoyedthanks"
76561197994745360,Recommended,465780,27414474,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nuclearc,"Been using this since the beginning and was happy to show some support with some money - BUT I was then surprised at how well this has been built out, it's really impressive. For those of you that know what you're looking for you can find packs with everything in the theater already done for you - when you find that you will be insanely happy with this. However it's also a lot of fun to build everything out yourself to make the aracade you always wanted - takes a little work, but well worth it. Anyways as a kid of the 80s, this thing is dead on to how I remember it feeling, even if this is much nicer and doesn't smell like mildew. Can't recommend it enough. Also if you did have this back in the DK2 days, throw the dev some money, there's a ton of new stuff here and it's incredibly well done."
,Recommended,465780,29528186,Posted: 27 January,all,Geon106,"Okay, so let's be honest this is pretty much just an emulator frontend. However, it is a fantastic emulator frontend.I came across this game actually looking for arcade games, saw this was a VR experience in a virtual arcade and wanted to try it. Then realised it is an emulator. That is no bad thing, in fact the idea of having actual real arcade cabinets, a SNES, GB games etc in a 3D enviroment that is very customisable is incredible.I spent a few hours getting a load of cabinets working, some YouTube videos for the in game cinema / tv etc etc. There were a few hurdles, namely a couple of crashes with video files, the in-game Gameboys screens having to be viewed at very specific angles to show etc. But, I have to say overall this is fantastic.It is worth saying you do not need a VR headset to play this game, it works fine without and is still very enjoyable. However if you own a VR headset then this game is a must.Aside from the emulation, there are some mini-games in the 3D enviroment you can play such as bowling, whack-a-mole and other similar arcade games.Oh and also, one fun thing to do in this game is have 80's or 90's music playing throughout your arcade and have all of your games era-specific. So for example my arcade is based in the early 90's, when the games of the later 80's were still available but 3D games started to emerge. Of course the choice is up to you and you could have a present day arcade if you wanted, Mario Kart DX Arcade anyone?So the TL:DR of it all is, this game is well worth buying if you like emulation and especially so if you own a VR headset though that isn't a requirement."
76561198035781621,Recommended,465780,27209572,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Macinsocks,"Literally a Game with in a Game... game.  You can set up what ever games, videos, and music you want here and experience it in all of its Retro glory, all in Virtual Reality."
76561198286021376,Recommended,465780,29725022,Posted: 5 February,all,Sintex,"The Ultimate Graphical User Interface for Emulators that will one day serve as the all time best experience for old timers like myself wanting to get nostalgic and revisit their childhood.Having owned computers/ console for over 30yrs and even using emulators for 20yrs including MAME I can only say that New Retro Arcade is the true icing on the cake that makes MAME what it should be.Having seen the demo of NRA over 1yr ago it was instantly on my top list of things to have once VR hit the mass consumer market. Since the demo a few more normal style games have been added to the arcade room layout, (Basketball and ball throwing games, ten pin bowling and Air Hockey).NRA offers 2 rooms with a few different features filled with old 80's/ 90's memorabilia and of course Arcade Cabinets for you to setup your arcade games on including the cabinet art work provided by the loving spirited community members like myself. If you prefer those older console games then that too is provided by assigning games to cartridges and swapping them over on the console provided in front of a retro CRT TV.NRA is still relatively new though and so is VR (at least decent useable VR) i.e. Oculus/ HTC Vive so the NRA team still have some features to add for the Arcade experience to finally reach its Climax and hit the G-Spot but for the most part it's all there already having added multiple style of cabinets, 4:3 screens, Vertical screens and Light Gun cabinets not to mention attract videos/ music oh and an old ghetto blaster to play music on.Sadly it's missing the little or big old lady sitting behind a counter offering change looking at you in disgust as if you should be in school.NRA is not without it's problems though, but that problem is not entirely the NRA teams fault it's the times we live in and the NRA team tries to achieve a balance of what can be achieved given pc resources available to the mass.One of the main requests the team gets is for a bigger arcade but i doubt that will happen for many years until more powerful computers are available to the masses. There is of course ways around this that the team is already looking into.NRA looks impressive even with lower end computers when using low resolution gfx/ art work and no attract videos but in order to achieve a truly amazing arcade look you need to use all the features available at high details, (High GFX settings, high resolution art work, high res attract video's and this can hit your wallet in the form of a high end gaming pc and we don't even have 4k per eye VR yet and that will really make NRA look out of this world.Oh did I mention it even has VHS tapes and a cinema room, well it does.If you liked the demo and wondering if you should pay out for the full version then the answer is yes.NRA has an amazing community of people willing to offer support for those who get stuck with the setup.For anyone who uses Emulators then NRA is easy to get to grips with and sadly those who are not can give up too easily without asking for assistance or looking in the right locations to make things easier.So my advice would be to persevere and you will not be disappointed with the end result."
,Recommended,465780,29614538,Posted: 31 January,all,I-Game-Art,"This is pretty fantastic. Occasionally the physics will glitch a little but the level of immersion is out of this world. I've yet to try it online, but I can have plenty of fun by myself running through the arcade, watching old vhs tapes, playing super nintendo and arcade games. The gameboy carts have a tendency to not work, but that's likely due to how I've set them up on my end.Also, I happen to be a digital artist with my own games published on steam, if interested, I'd love to be apart of the Digital CyberCherries art team, as you have completely won me over with Neon. You can find some of my work here:https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10153424633238892.1073741831.685718891&type=1&l=150467edf5"
76561198026949703,Recommended,465780,33583562,Posted: 16 July,all,baalimv2,"It's definitely a must buy for every arcade player who knew what the 80's looked like.It's also a VR paradise for every retrogamer when almost everything can be tweaked and adusted to his own tastes.The pricetage can be a little repelling, given the fact it's mostly an arcade room recreation but I strongly urge you to take a leap of faith. it IS that wonderful.In case you're not convinced, there's a demo which is essentially the first version of this program.I really hope the creators will keep working on this one (lasertag, anyone ?)Two thumbs up !"
,Recommended,465780,27150357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,giantessGnostic,What's good:- Set up your own games with LibRetro- Can be played with or without VR- Good atmosphereWhat's bad:- Currently broken MD/GEN support
,Recommended,465780,32364836,Posted: 12 June,all,Chef doge ✅,"It's pretty good, i think it should be 15$ since most of the game you have to download yourself, I think the game works fine in the vive besides the sound is really broken and it doesn't seem to matter what i change the screen drag is always there. Just be warned you gotta do some things to get the game really going but depending on who you are being back in the arcade could be worth it for you"
,Recommended,465780,25296971,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Shade Silverwing,"EDIT: If there is no sound, you have to set the rift audio to default. Will leave a proper review in due time."
76561198205700400,Recommended,465780,25389925,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,hyperMaxy,one of the best vr games i have on the oculus rift 9/10 the only problem i have is the sound when you play the roms it sounds horrible any way to fix it ? other then that i spend most of my time playing games and fooling around :)
76561198131250715,Recommended,465780,25043334,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Quintman5202,I really like the idea i just cant play it... I click the icon and well... it immediatly crashes.... please..... help...UPDATE  I got it working! Yes i love this game! makes you feel like you have an actual arcade!
,Recommended,465780,25113338,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Mairon,"As a fan of Retro games this really hit the spot, not only can I have my own arcade for myself and friends to chill in, but it also has some mini-games to play such as Bowling, Darts, Air-Hockey and many more.You can also customize the arcade to suit you via the editor provided before you play the game. You can also customize each Gameboy/Cartridge (different name in game due to Copyright I assume), Arcade machine (roms/art work), Catridges (rom/art work). This could also be the only con I can see as I didn't quite know you need to have roms to play certain games as I assumed they were pre-installed on the machines.But non the less it's a decent game if you would like your own Arcade with limitless games.Oh...and there's a cinema and a boombox which you can set up different VHS and cassette tapes to play songs & movies. :)"
76561197967511000,Recommended,465780,27356480,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Del-Ack,"Great hangout, high level of immersion, must have for any head mount display."
,Recommended,465780,26137237,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Syrsly,"The best arcade simulator with Vive support!New Retro Arcade Neon is fun for me whether I use VR or not, and it was well worth the $18 to enjoy some 80s tunes inside a room scale VR arcade with emulators and arcade style attractions.  The visuals are very realistic and include PBR (physically-based rendering) and working arcade cabinets and even many non-rom minigames, including air hockey, bowling, dart throwing, mini basketball, test your punch boxing, whack-a-t-rex, and skeeball.  All that plus customizable controls, music, and visuals make this a fun toy but not quite a game you'll play for its own merits.  If not for the roms, which were a pain to set up (let alone find), I wouldn't have much reason to play this over all the other carnival style games out right now for Vive.  This game, however, offers some of the most realistic-looking minigames I've seen, meaning that they look like they came from an actual arcade or carnival somewhere.If you have some friends to play with, this game has some nice social features, including voice chat and multiplayer minigames. However, the game does not offer much in terms of character customization, and there's a clear divide between VR players and non-VR players.  Vive users will find that everything in the game supports the Vive wand controllers and roomscale movement.  However, the arcade cabinets suffer from a tiny bit of input lag from the controllers, so you may still want to utilize a gamepad for those.I recommend you try the demo first.  It's a good demo.  Keep in mind that the demo is severely outdated.  The full version has 2 maps to choose from and further refined VR controls.  There's also an arcade manager add-on for the full version that helps you set up the arcade games and posters and things like that.This is a great way to sell the idea of VR to your friends."
,Recommended,465780,24797952,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,TheToBeDecided,"I've followed DCC and New Retro Arcade since it's conception, and, while the awkward yet understandable shift in focus may put some off, the arcade itself is better than ever, and the devs have been responding to bugs vigilantly. I recommend it for it's bright future, which I know the devs will fulfill."
,Recommended,465780,25520282,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,NgalaZa,"I don't have a VR system but this game is so good I'm seriously considering the investment.A few months ago I didn't know what a rom was. Now I have a custom built arcade of timeless games and find myself wishing for more cabinets to play on. I'm even trying my hand at some cabinet art and I don't have an artistic bone in my body.Sure this game may look rough around the edges at first, but follow the helpful guides and supportive community and you'll find a gem of a game. Build your own aracde and soon you'll be reliving your youth pumping machines full of quarters!"
,Recommended,465780,24873486,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Dubzi [NG] 💀,"After 7 hours with my own emulators i can do nothing but strongly reccomend this game. First reason? the developer response to customer feedback has been stellar. From adding a new area with more cabnits, to fixing bugs, to changing the carpet! I was not sure at first, but i am now confident this will only continue to become a better game and emulation front end as the great dev team continues to add demanded feature. About the game itself what can i say, the atmosphere is amazing, the theatre and boombox are great for streaming video and radio, and the performance and graphics are much improved from the free demo, while sill retaining all the same support for emulation as a front end."
76561197976502434,Recommended,465780,30889006,Posted: 1 April,all,SchDer,I stopped playing my actual arcade machine for this.
76561198210825580,Recommended,465780,24791453,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,B1azingChaos,"The game has a great sense of atmosphere, everything from the colour scheme to the sound of the 80's music is perfect. I've had a lot of trouble with the controls, but after asking the devs for help they helped me ALOT to fix my problem.I love just about everything about this game, and the Devs are absolutely AMAZING and they really do listen to the players."
,Recommended,465780,24782828,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Jewfro,I love this program.Such a nostalgia trip.
,Recommended,465780,25163312,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,FMS,Too much good - love it :).
76561198066514194,Not Recommended,465780,24819743,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,thebern,"I wanted to love this game. I've been following the company on Twitter eagerly anticipating its release.The arcade enviroment does look cool and I hope they can greatly improve upon it.This is way too expensive for what to me is a tech demo. The process to add mame roms is way too complicted and time consuming. It is not clear which machine you are adding the mame rom to and what cabinet is the beast setup. You will spend a great amount of time just setting up a few games. I have used Mame in various forms on my PC, appleTV, iPad, etc. This by far is the most unfriendly setup. I can understand if this was a free open source project but to charge money for thsi much setup is not acceptable.The arcade itself looks cool byt the actual cabinets are not the correct width or height. It takes away from the illusion of playing these games. Standing up The top of the cabinets are way taller than me and I am 6ft. I am using the Oculus Rift and I tried looking at every New Retro setting to correct this. Again, it should not be this difficult if you are charging money for this game."
,Not Recommended,465780,24694915,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,PresidentSenpai,"Edit:No amount of nostalgia can make me want to spend anymore time in this arcade than i already have.Pros------------------>>>They really did nail the enviornment, it is honest to goodness very impressive. There is a great amount of detail in everything from the sound to the lighting- even the way the screens on the cabinets get that CRT effect! Let's not forget the magic of having to hold your gameboy beneath a light source to be able to play the games. It's the little details that make this successful in what it wants to accomplish.>>>The devs included a small handfull of games in the arcade that include bowling, darts, air hockey, a lightgun game etc. These games are pretty enjoyable when you consider these are actually interactive with other people online.>>>When the game is working its amazing.Cons----------------------------->>>>> I hope you werent thinking that the cabs in the demo would have games running on them out of the steam store. Players are expected to run emulated roms on them and be able to walk around and play a variety of games of your choosing. This sounds like it would be a good idea! There is a bit of a learning curve, and for the average user i cant recommend it, Not to mention unless you browse the forums on this game- you really arent even going to find the files necessary to get this working. Not. Cute.>>>>Literally none of the emulation really works anyway. SNES was glitchy, the NES had some terrible sound crackling. Mame emulation is a mixed bag, some work, some dont, some crash the game- the genesis crashes the whole thing so hard i have to get my whole headset off just to restart the whole pc manually ...but the gameboy works.>>>> When youre online there is no VOIP service (Which is fine i understand that is getting fixed). Also even if you can get roms running in the arcade, you cant play them with people online (which is honestly fine, i wasnt expecting to be able to do this anyway). You are only restricted to the games that the devs have already included for online play, so why then is there so little?>>>> The customization is pretty minimalist and includes only hats. This game could have really benefitted by looking at how rec room created their in game avatars. I dont know if i could make a meaningful conversation with a disembodied vr headset.>>>>THE THEATRE DOESNT EVEN WORK FOR ME UNLESS THE FILES ARE LOCAL. WHY? IT ONLY PLAYS VIDEOS AND IT DOESNT EVEN WORK I DONT EVEN UNDERSTAND ANYMORE.Im so dissapointed with this, the sad part is it has the potential to be one of the must haves on VIVE and drops every ball."
,Recommended,465780,27589128,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,raistlin,"This is an amazing product, particularly in VR.  While a little bit fiddly to set up (there's an excellent guide available though), once you've spent the time to set up all your machines, music, and the movies you want to be available, it's really easy to get lost in 80s and 90s nostalgia in your own arcade.Highly recommend this to anyone who has a mispent youth in arcades."
76561198083218799,Recommended,465780,28266726,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mundy's #1 Apprentice Twilight,"This  will be  my  first review for  Steam I'm  just so  happy with the  results and  the  the  support the devs have kept there word to unlike  so many others that  I  had to share my thoughts about it!WARNING IT'S A PRETTY LONG READ BUT I WANT TO BE AS ACCURATE  AS POSSIBLE FOR PEOPLE  TO UNDERSTAND:New Retro Arcade is  that  special  place  you might or might not have went to back in the 80's/90's I myself was from the  early 90's and  just  about  most of  what I  remember as a kid going to the Arcade with some friends or  even just my family  and  playing games together having a  great time and playing with that machine with a  joystick and 4 or more buttons on the  side is there!Why New Retro Arcade Neon holds  such a special place in my heart:Well for  Starters I use to  go to the  arcade quite a bit  unforunatly it's  been  years as  the one I went to was taken down and so long ago this  program brings that  back in so many waysI'm one the unlucky few  without a VR device but even without  that  the game is solid with Immersion you'll feel like you're  still there. The ambient  background noises of  some of the machines might  drive you a  little  crazy  but with  all the little  features  it has to offer it makes up for it greatlyPros.Even without VR. you can still see and feel the  atomsphere as when playing a game it doesn't go completely fullscreen to it and if you want to feel even more immersed even the  buttons and  joystick in game  move along with your button presses like the real thing!Has  all the  neat  little side games like  whack-a-mole  Ski Ball, Air Hockey,Darts,Bowling, the Basketball thing to name some,Lots unexpected features like a Cinema for  watching you're  favorite  movies or   shows or  whatever you  want if  the URL is supported and there's  tons!  A rec room with other  silly things like a guitar and drum toy or  that old  etch and sketch to name some!The Community alone and it's  Staff are super helpful and  kind in the community hub and they seem to listen to it's  fans which is a wonderful thing unlike  most  these  days...This Game  shines  most for  it's  Emulators and Rom Support  it's like a  library of you're  favorite  games  but the  way it's done when you  manage to  get it  working  and  have all the  neat cabinet art or  even cartridges that the community  ethier  made by scratch or tributed or get their attract  screens from them it  really  shows  what it's cappable of and  shows how alive and  accurate of an Arcade it  truly is!Last the latest update  if you have  2 or  more  controllers  you'll be happy to know they have  added Local  multiplayer  so  playing 4 player Arcade Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles   side by side  can be a  reality again or  doing co-op Donkey Kong Country is  possible and  they intend to  add more like  Light gun game support!Cons:Of course  there are  some  negatives to the  program but they are not entirely game breaking ethier...Online Support is  a  thing in fact it  can go up to  6 people! but the reason this is  in the  cons area is  because it's not for the  Arcade machines or the Gameboy like handhelds lying around or the Super Nintendo like system in the rec room... It's  for  the  other  games like  Ski Ball,Darts,Hoops  there are two  kinds of  arcade machines by  Digital Cyber  Cherries  themselves one  which is a  6 player like Doom-Goldeneye hybrid and  then a  Zombie lightgun arcade machine which could  be  considered  a  testing  ground for  when real Lightgun support  is  possibleLack of  Customizations in some area's some  people  want to  modify the magazines  and  change the  Arcade  Machines  layouts  more or  even  make there own Arcade  room from scratch in the editor to name some...  There's  more  but those  are the  main I see a lot  mentioned  in terms of  customizing...personally I  want  that  but also would like to see Arcade machine layouts  like motorcycle or  car machines or  airplanes and  for  those  classic Nintendo Machines  Double Screen support so we  can play Punch Out orginal etcThis isn't  so much a  negative  I guess but  kind of  a request   adding  a  difficulty of  credits to start off with   would  of been  neat to have for  more immersion and  earning tickets from Ski ball and  the  like so you can gain prizes or even more  credits to keep playing would  also be awesome! of course keep free play an option for people as well...Lack of  Arcade  Machines... 20 something is  great don't  get me  wrong but it  would be  wonderful to  have  a ton more or  at the  very least   make a  new  hub room with nothing but Arcade machines maybe?Lack of  other consoles for  immersion purposes Granted we  have a  Super Nintendo looking like  system  it seems  weird to  have  a NES or Sega  or even GBA game use the cartridge layout of  a SNES  instead of there own console  look and  cartridge desgin even if  we  had an option of a  skin over  for  both I'd  be  happyBackground sound can be a bit distracting I understand it's  accurate but having the  option to lower it a bit or  completely off for  concentration purposes would of  been great!Another one would  be Pinball Machines granted I  don't  quite  play those  offten even I'll admit an Arcade jus is not  complete without some in the  areaThe  last one isn't  exactly there fault but  due to the  tech they use  some  emulators  are ethier  non functional or some games  won't  work  Sega Genesiss on Windows 10 PC's  will not  run instead it  crashes and  some Arcade  Games  Crash on here for instance Spy Hunter...All an all the game is solid in it's own right it  holds up true to what it's  trying to accomplish and it  does it quite wellI'd  have to rate it at least a 8/10because  even tho it's  negative's  are many  on it's  own the positive's  still  hold up quite well thank you Digital Cyber Cherries keep up the  awesome work I truely look forward to what you have in store for this  program in the future!P.S. I'll update this if  anything get's  addressed  or updated in the  future!"
,Recommended,465780,30679386,Posted: 22 March,all,Cool Frog,It takes some setting up and tweaking to get just right (but there are tons of people passionate who will help you!) but once you get it all set up and running this is an amazing experience.It reminds me of when I was younger going into an actual dimly lit arcade with all the attraction screens and music playing from dozens of machines.I love it.
,Recommended,465780,33973682,Posted: 2 August,all,DojoGrant,"This product is a literal dream come true. Since being a little kid, it's always been a dream to track down original TMNT and TMNT: Turtles in Time arcade cabinets and have them in my home to play at will. I've been able to play the games on an iCade where I keep an original jailbroken iPad, which was awesome, but obviously tiny. Now, in VR and with this app, it feels, sounds, and looks like I'm really there, standing at the full-size cabinet playing the games in all their pixelated glory. It's magic."
76561197995044421,Recommended,465780,30150014,Posted: 24 February,all,Whitelock,A pretty amazing recreation of an 80s arcade.  There are so many little details! It's fantastic that you can completely customise the arcades to add the ones you want.
,Recommended,465780,27729825,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Harry Mason,"Have your own gritty 1990's arcade in your home, with the perfect atmosphere and style of the real thing! My childhood dream come true. It supports whatever real roms and arcade cabinets you may want to add, and they can look just like in real life. (Within whatever you legally own, or public domain, if you want to use it as intended.) You see the cabinets and arcade around you as you play, and the joysticks and buttons move according to how you play. Complete with bowling, coin-op basketball a screening room with projector for watching films, and more. It is absolutely my favorite part of owning a Vive. INCREDIBLE."
76561198070384986,Recommended,465780,27735666,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sweenix,"This game is quite special to me in my eyes. I play it quite often while at college inbetween classes, sadly I can't log my hours from being in offline mode but this game is an amazing passtime. There's something about the overall feeling that makes me excited and happy, just like when I use to go to arcades as a kid. There's so much about it I love, sure it may take a bit of time to set up but I honestly love it, making the game feel more personal.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------When it comes to features i'd love to see added to this game, I have a pretty extensive list that I think would be great!-------------Servers with downloadable packs similar to Garrys Mod, where you download the hosts client version of his arcade so that you both not only have the same games, but it would allow for easier features such as...-------------Non-Client side arcade cabinents/snes. It would be an incredible feature if not only you could see what your friends were doing on the arcade machine, but you could actually play the games together that have multiplayer, add this and the multiplayer would be even better!-------------A steam community workshop, Having a workshop allows people to not only share their creations and set ups, but allowing others to download them, such as custom arcade cabinent designs, music selection, posters, etc.-------------Customizable arcade layouts. Having the ability to change the layout of where arcade cabinets are and the overall layout of your arcade would be incredible, imagine being able to recreate the layout of your favorite arcade form your childhood! I imagine it could work like a building block feature, where there are preset layout pieces kinda like puzzle pieces, and you put them together however you like to create your dream layout!-------------Make the theater similar to how websites like Watch2Gether work or Gmod Theater, where there is a url bar for a vhs tape and you just paste in what you want to watch so anyone can put on a video or movie that they would like to see with one another!-------------Lastly, I think adding some sort of wireframe model for the player models might be beneficial, as it is sometimes very difficult to find your friends as they are just invisible floating heads.---------------------------------------------------------------Overall, I adore this game. I want this game to be succesful and as amazing as I dream it to be! There is so much potential for something like this!To all of you at Digital Cybercherries, love ya! Keep up the amazing work!-Sweenix"
,Recommended,465780,27599563,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shamat,"New Retro Arcade: Neon is an amazing VR game that faithfully recreates the experience of playing again in a Vintage Arcade, and it really does a very nice job recreating that feeling. The developers update it frequently and even use nice tools to maintain the users well informed about the current updates as well as its future development.I enjoy a lot playing arcade games in it, as it is very easy to configure if you have some experience using Arcade games emulators as MAME, and I really hope the Devs implement soon Dual screen games to play again games as Punch Out and Punch Out II in all its glory, I really want to see this happen please!!!. It’s a great VR game that I fully recommend to all vintage games lovers, as it really recreates the amazing arcade feeling, and I’m sure it will keep getting better with each update."
76561198123449355,Recommended,465780,33671653,Posted: 20 July,all,thevoss1980,"I found it very fiddly to personalise this game with the ROMs, video and music files I wanted (I am a bit useless though when it comes to that sort of thing), but really enjoyed the concept of this and think with a few more intuitive modding options it has potential to become great."
,Recommended,465780,30471805,Posted: 12 March,all,Mint_Sauce,"Awesome way to re-live your childhood memories, the team have done a fantastic job on this and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys playing retro games or just experiencing a bit of retro-ness.Control scheme I found a bit fiddly but I know they're tweaking all the time so I'm looking forward to it getting even better."
,Recommended,465780,25155458,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,gamerhoofster-pony,"I am a fan of arcade games. There were fun and simple to use. That's what I expected to do in Retro Aracde: Neon. Starting the game up I was stunned at the location I was at, I haven't seen s start up point like that in my life, loved it. So once I got to the game machine, slected single player and picked a location, I was amazed at what I saw. It felt like I was reliving my childhood again. I went to  racing aracde game but found out I had to get something called an aracde builder to play 98% of the games. I don't remember going to an arcade and having to power the machine on to play, it was just on or needed a pass to play certain games. That is what Retro Aracde: Neon was making it feel like. I expected to jump in an play games in a classic setting but the player can't if they need to download/install something so they can play.Likes1. The enviorment feels like someone had gone into the past, grabbed tons pf stuff from an arcade location and brought in back in VR style.2. The sound isn't perfect but does seem to stay in the boundires of the game I did encounter a few things like the bowling ball not making an sound.3. Moving is nice, I can teleport to a spot easy but would have liked to get closer to the game machines.Dislikes1. Downloading/installing an aracde build to play the game machines. The point of going to an aracde place is to play, not work there. Allow more access to game machines.2. Picking up itmes needed to have a set help location. I found myself putting down items and reposition my contoller so I could have a better angle on the item.Retro Aracde: Neaon is a nice game and can be a protental online social game where players can relax and unwind with each other but it can't achive that until it is 75-80% user friendly. This game gets a 5/10 score. If things get updated the score can potentally change to higher score."
,Recommended,465780,30597520,Posted: 18 March,all,deeplogic,"I'm going to recommend this game, but with a caveat: Be prepared for delayed gratification. The game is a pain to setup and the configuration tool is external and poorly designed. I'm a developer and, even for me, the amount of configuration was a bummer. You also may need to break out a graphics program to get your cabinet art sorted out - there is no online repository of any sort.But, once you're done with configuration, this program really is a gem. It's a nostalgia sandbox. I've loaded this thing down with my favorite music, movies and videos from my childhood and all the games that take me back. What I absolutely love is that the state is saved as you move away from a machine, meaning you can hop from machine to machine without worrying about restarting each time or working with a cumbersome save menu.I've messed around with emulation over the years, but it rarely held my interest for long as I start to get aggravated with moving through cartridge backups just for a moment's worth of pleasure. I didn't want to sit through an entire game - I wanted to go through a roster of games I used to enjoy, getting a jolt of memories and then move along to another. The work in-between is what killed it for me. This game saves me from that.So, as long as you're prepared for the setup, if this sounds interesting to you in any way whatsoever, pick it up. It's worth every penny, even in its current state. If this company were to shut down today, and no more updates were made, I'd still feel like I got my money's worth.UPDATE-------------I noticed other reviewers saying Anarchy Arcade was better, so I went and tried it out. From what I can see, Anarchy Arcade is meant as a 3D Arcade Style launcher, and definitely doesn't provide the nostalgia-fest New Retro Arcade Neon does. Yes, it allows you to launch any application, but that's it - it just launches it. NRA:N displays the game on the arcade screen, and you can zoom into it and choose what style effects to apply. Was the game on a CRT with scanlines? Was it an HD game? NRA:N lets you decide how you want to view it.Anarchy Arcade is definitely not accomplishing what NRA:N does - they're in different categories as far as I'm concerned, and, frankly, Anarchy Arcade looks like garbage. It allows you to customize your environment, but I can't see ever wanting to look at that for any length. The only thing I can say for Anarchy Arcade is that it does auto-populate cabinet art and that is a feature I think NRA:N could desparately use. I'd like to provide NRA:N with one image, say a logo, and have it extrapolate some interesting cabinet art that, while maybe not original, doesn't require any graphics editing.So, I still recommend New Retro Arcade Neon. I do not recommend Anarchy Arcade."
76561198090796792,Recommended,465780,27918705,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,StrongPillow,Any emulator fan needs this game. It's brilliant.
,Recommended,465780,28570230,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KwstasG,Superb!!!!
,Recommended,465780,29286953,Posted: 15 January,all,[AKA] decizion,Bring back so much good memories. Best vr arcade game ever.
,Recommended,465780,25095530,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Shiyozushi,BEST FRONTEND EVER!!!Simply Austin brought me here :p
76561197970721419,Recommended,465780,26507298,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,JimHash,SEXUALLY GOOD! I could sit there in VR for hours. Its like being back in the 80s! Only with more ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,465780,28907678,Posted: 1 January,all,Yosaron,The OASIS is real!
76561198216689216,Recommended,465780,25469535,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Duck,I have played for atleast 5 hours and I enjoyed all of it. At first it was difficult for me to add ROMS to the machines but I figured out how. There are guides for the game that help with that. The minimun spec requirements are way over my specs but I can still run the game fine at 30+ fps with a 750ti. It was a bit of trial and error at the start for editing the arcade but now I got it. I bought this game not knowing anything about roms btw. I would recommend this game to people who enjoy old time games :)P.S add me if you want to hang out in the arcade!
76561198040210582,Recommended,465780,25444268,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,No_CLU,"Another GOOD use for VR and a great way to keep alive interest in Retro Arcade games. From an age when graphics was not as important as GAME PLAY.Not so useful if understand use of Mame (Needed), but maybe more of use when other users start opening there arcades to other users?I look forward to supporting the title and future delelopements.Oh no there go's my future free time :)P.S. low play time due to me spending a lot of time making artwork for cabinets :)"
,Recommended,465780,28820837,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Coffee Bean Boy,it's rad.
,Recommended,465780,25315681,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Digitalis,Played the Beta With my oculus dev 2 And Loved it So I saw it on steam and baught IT. Loved how they added More Areas. Awesome game! Still works with Oculus dev 2
,Recommended,465780,24662906,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,GTB79,"Every button i pressed with some of the games nothing would happen at all, if youre suposed to put quarters in i couldnt find any.  also nearly 85% of the machines dont do a single thing.  alot of objects that look interactable arent.  The online is so difficult to actually join and have people join you due to crashing and losing connection.If they fix the issues like claimed I would reccomend itEdit: They fixed it, games now amazing"
,Recommended,465780,25639481,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,MrWhitenoise,"at first i was missing a couple of games that i have expected from the earlier versions of the arcade,  but the developers helped out and now everything is awesome !!!great team, thanks for making this and helping out."
76561198011459238,Recommended,465780,26625136,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SR212787,"I used to spend HOURS inside the old version of this game. ya know... The one that COMES with games already installed. Now I'm not opposed to building a game, but I was not expecting this and specially for 20 bucks they could have thrown a couple games in. I also wouldn't be that bothered to add my own games, but then you have to add your own cabnet art and banners and music. Mind you there is about 35 machines and 9 gameboys.....One more thing that really gets me, The controllers are backwards. When you start the vive you hold them one way, when you get in NRA to play any games you have to switch hands! What's up with that or am I dumb and missed something?More in comments..."
76561197991986603,Recommended,465780,29515777,Posted: 26 January,all,NicoloPicolo (iR),After some troubles getting it working the game is now launching. Previously it would crash my computer.
76561198005330043,Recommended,465780,24868237,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,analogkid281,A must have for anybody with a VR headset who ever visited arcades in their youth. One of the things I was imagining when buying a VR is the ability to get my own arcade to play in. I was expecting it to take a few years for developers to come up with the idea. I was wrong though it is one of the first and this is developed so nicely. I love the personal customization options.
,Recommended,465780,33312615,Posted: 6 July,all,PsychoBunny,"This is my life now, it can only be improved..You use a easy tool to configure the cabinets and everything else in there, and they have great guides for this, when it comes to emulation, one day i wanna invite my friends in there and have some fun..."
,Recommended,465780,27552476,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Koruteru,"Positives:- Very Immersive with or without VR (i would argue its much better without VR but that is just imo)- Once your content is setup you will spend countless hours inside enjoying your games in a way that most front ends cant really compete with- With what settings are available you can dramatically change the environment/mood of your arcade at will as you change out the games/music/movies availableNegatives:- The multiplayer has no real point as your friends can neither play with you or watch you play with the exception of a couple built in games...this really needs to be fixed in some way.- Compared to other front ends it is really lacking in the variety of emulators it can play and as a result the variety of games to play.  While yes this is themed toward arcade games and thus mame is the default go-to emulator, the console system for example can only handle snes nes and genesis emulators.  The genesis emulator in particular is badly outdated and thus the emulation is half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Takes ages to setup if you dont use a external program to set it up for you or copy someone else's setup.In short this front end is a case of quality over quantity as far as its overall usefullness goes with a heavy lean toward single player.  If you are content with just nes and snes for the console and if you dont mind spending a long time crafting your arcade just how you like it then this front end is for you.  I would rate this a 8/10 taking off 1 point for the joke that is multiplayer and another point for the lack of options on the console emulation."
,Recommended,465780,31289985,Posted: 21 April,all,Derrick,"This is really, really incredible. I'm physically and emotionally excited as I play this. This is something more than a game.It's really, really easy to set up.I plan on finally sitting down and watching The Matrix in my very own theatre. It's really nice being able to play my old games in this setting. Magical."
76561198353004585,Recommended,465780,34534999,Posted: 27 August,all,JLM,"Amazing in VR, it is really incredible."
,Recommended,465780,30454123,Posted: 11 March,all,Lhun,"What can I say about NRA? I've been playing the game since the DK2 days, it was highly polished then and continues to be so. The A E S T H E T I C is incredible and it's exactly the kind of thing that shows the limitless potential of vr.Mechancially, it's a polished emulator frontend for libretro with amazing texures and overlays to make you feel like you're playing the games as intended. As I'm sure you know, you can customize a huge number of aspects of the game, including your own roms, and there's a very helpful community here and other places on the internet to get you started if you're not as savvy.The developers are very active and listen to feedback.My only gripe is that I wish there was a VISUAL interface for button assignment on cabinets, or even better, an IN VR editing mode where you can select various aspects of the arcade and the various rooms and customize them right from there. There should be a visual, even 2d arcade editor where you can simply click and choose the objects you want to use - the game could cropThe movie theater is a great touch, too, but it takes a while to get everything operating correctly - which is the only thing holding me back from playing it daily. Swapping and putting in roms is really tricky, especially if you want to add a game that someone hasn't made a pack for yet.but boy howdie when you get it going, it really shines. Multiplayer is fantastic as well. So much potential in this game."
,Recommended,465780,30522192,Posted: 15 March,all,stayDOOGAN,"I love this, and I love the creators of this. They are fully active in this program and it shows. I could go with an option to fully retexture everything from the carpet to the ceiling and every thing in between, and even an option to use this program for work with a simulated office with access to everything on my computer. I would move in and never leave. I'd forget what the sky looked like and I'd be fine with that. Yet, even as it sits, it's an amazing arcade front end. Don't miss this."
,Recommended,465780,26171142,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,KungFuFishy,"New Retro Arcade: Neon can be a really fun and interesting experience given you put in the time to set it up properly and make it your own. I must say that I like the fact that you can play on your regular display or with the Vive or Rift. I played around and tinkered a good bit with the game before checking it out with the Vive. After playing in VR I can say that the game was already really cool and it's even cooler in VR! It's a great hub to play your personal ROMs of your favorite old-school games in!My only complaints reside in the fact that MP/Co-Op isn't what one may expect and that setting it up is a little intimidating at first. To reiterate on my MP/Co-Op comment, you can only do a limited set of things while in a session with other people; you're essentially limited to whatever the game comes stock with, any other personalized details aren't shared between players. You can't play a MP/Co-Op game with your friends nor can you watch them as they play. You can however do a number of activities like darts, bowling or skee ball with them!If you have the time, patience, and an interest in personalizing your own virtual arcade with some of the games you know and love, and the inability to play games together in MP isn't a bother to you, I'd full heartedly recommend it! Check out the demo first though as it's a hefty slice of the full game! The demo is what sold me!"
76561197971543348,Recommended,465780,26081180,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Exigeous,"If you grew up in the late 80's to early 90's and have a VR headset why are you reading this review and not downloading and playing NRA:N!  Easily the coolest VR game/experience I've seen yet, it's a blast to show off to friends and guests.  While the documentation to add/edit the machines/games is very light just search for the Reddit thread for new users, it'll let you download a single file that will populate your arcade with many of the classics.  It's such a great blend of state of the art and old technology the latter reminding you that you don't need a huge machine with a billion CUDA cores per GPU, etc.  I can't say enough great things about this, oh and the developers are very responsive in the forum, a true rarity these days."
,Recommended,465780,24900513,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,edgecrush3r,New Retro Arcade: Neon is by far my all time favorite VR experience. Its stunning visuals puts a new dimension into Arcade Emulation. By capturing that 80's arcade style it puts me back into an place I never want to leave. Once you (read the how-to and) set-up your arcade your in for an treat.If you own an HTC Vive or Oculus and love arcade games... The past is here and its GLORIUS!
76561197970632256,Recommended,465780,25462151,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,dmacell,Been playing this for a while now and decided to pay for the full version. Had a little trouble putting my old cabinets into the new arcade but the guides helped out quite a bit. its everything I remeber in my old arcade hangout as a kid (less the bar :)). I could do without the whack a mole and punch gimmicky games and just put a couple of simple pinball games in there and it would be perfect. Other than that its very cool! I sure wish others could see my great arcade setup too.
76561198027025820,Recommended,465780,25503189,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,HavokzProdigy,Hard to customize an arcade. But it is still my favorite VR expirence by far. Watching 80's and 90's Yotube videos in the theater is so amazing. I feel like I am there in time and space.
,Recommended,465780,25571167,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Lestat11,For any one that loves the old style arcades this is a excellent  gamePlease note it does take some setting up to get the games you want in the arcades runningI would recommend any one giving it some time to get it set up
,Not Recommended,465780,25045858,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,GibZ',"Good concept, atmosphere is good, looks nice and really authentic.But it's incredibly tedious in the way you have to get everything to work.I launched this game with the expectation that there would be certain presets and packs available for download, these are refered to on reddit, and reddit is what you get refered to by the developers of the game.I can't find any links that haven't got removed or are outdated. I can't say I looked very long or well but I'm here to play some nostalgic games and not to ""learn"" how this brushed up emulator works. A big part of the experience of an arcade hall for me in the very least is that you could just go there, not worry about anything at all because you dont have to connect or set anything up yourself, you're just there to play some good ol' video games and this feels like the exact opposite of that experience.Got a gameboy to work after about 30 minutes, might just be me but can't find a single room with decent enough lightning to actually see anything on the screen of it... I geuss that's quite accurate but it's not really fun if I have to hold it with 1 ""wand"" and use the other one as a flashlight to see the screen.VR also doesn't seem high enough res to actually display the GB's in a way where it's actually visible even with that flashlight, but that's not something I can blame on the developers of this game.However, everthing looks nice, there's a lot of fun little details to be found in the hall, there's a lot of fun VR only things in it that you'd find in an actual arcade hall which are displayed in a cool way.yadayada I cannot end a review; do not recommend this as it is atm, but judging by distance between updates and size of updates this is gonna turn out really good nonetheless."
,Recommended,465780,24751981,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,terribly terrified of halloween,WHY AM I FEELING NOSTALGIC I WASN'T BORN IN THE 80's OR THE 90's
,Recommended,465780,24900180,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,sdrft1,"While not nessicarrily a awesome vr expense it is still a good game. Lots of fun, would like to see customisation options but over I give it an 8/10 for a fun game that is really realistic and good for any arcade fanatic"
,Recommended,465780,25406136,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Elsie (LCL),ａｅｓｔｈｅｔｉｃ
,Not Recommended,465780,24879491,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,LegoRobot,"I really, really want to like this. It can still be improved. But even after the most recent update, very basic, glaring problems remain unfixed. Perhaps it's because the Vive is the platform they have prioritized? I play it on my Rift CV1 and there are ugly pixellated white visual artifacts around the edges of my field of view. Not in the opening area with the neon grid and palm trees, only once I am in the actual arcade.The other big problem is that the scale of many objects has been changed. The gameboys are now too small. They look like keychain toys. The cassette tapes have also shrunk for some reason since the demo. Correct scale is one of the things VR does very well and what sells you on the realism of it. Why did you change it for the worse between the demo and this version?I don't want to just♥♥♥♥♥♥on it, so I will include some praise. Many additions are extremely good ideas. Skeeball, the little robot, functional 80s electronic toys, VHS tapes, etc. Contrary to some of the criticism, putting SNES games on a realistic period TV is an improvement over the big screen from the demo, although a pull down overhead projector screen would be a nice option.I'd also appreciate being able to change what console it is. What if I want it to be a Genesis? Or a Turbo GrafX 16? A room with more than one console would be cool. I'd also like to be able to eat the food, and have a simulated drunkenness effect if I drink the beers. Actual playable Virtual Boy instead of just using it to visualize where your head is would also be cool. The light gun games are probably the most crucial and brilliant addition, well done.That said, those visual artifacts and tiny itty bitty cassettes and Gameboys need fixing asap. The old demo was smoother, more natural and had more accurate scale than this. Even just fixing those two issues will change my vote to a thumbs up. Please vindicate the faith I have placed in you as a developer. I had very high hopes after the demo."
76561198117632336,Recommended,465780,24892115,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,tveith,"Absolutely love this VR software. Although it takes some work to set up, there is a huge payoff in the nostalgia you will feel standing in front of an arcade cabinet, playing your favorite game, with 80s music playing in the background. I've had lots of feedback and suggestions, and this dev team generally responds to all posts and issues. One thing that makes me absolutely nuts, is the amount of garbage in the arcade -- i.e. beer bottles, cigarettes, ashtrays, half eaten pizza, etc. I recommended a ""CLEAN MODE"" that you could enable in options to remove all the extra junk strewn about the arcade. This would make a HUGE difference for me as I'm somewhat of a clean freak and want my arcade to be clean. I'm also bummed out that you can't currently play Williams Roms in the arcade (problem with passing the F2 command). However, the devs are constantly working on updates and fixes. They just added a new addition to the arcade, a bar with more cabinets -- excellent. If you are a child of the 80s and loved arcades, you must buy this now!!!"
,Recommended,465780,24985937,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,surrealeus,"Wow, this is one of the big things I think we've been waiting for in VR. There are other games and environments but none quite like this. While it's not perfect, it's a great start and completely worthwhile as it is right now. If you play in VR, this is a must have."
,Recommended,465780,32866719,Posted: 27 June,all,I am Puff,"Game's detailed and really neat, but if you're sensitive to motion sickness, be careful with this one. Still feeling the vertigo after playing it two days ago, but once I stop being dizzy I'll try again and see if maybe there's a teleport to move option."
,Recommended,465780,32973397,Posted: 28 June,all,Magicbones,It is as close to the real thing as I can get now.
,Recommended,465780,33018013,Posted: 29 June,all,Maji - Sean,One of the first VR experiences i've played.Brings me back to the 90'sOnly have tried with the dk2 but still very enjoyable!
,Not Recommended,465780,24673119,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ghostlight,"This is an EA title and should be marked as such. I'm investing in the idea but it does need some love. Check the demo out, first. The Vive trackpad (D-Pad) controls are a little off so I have a Xbox One controller I use as a backup. VOIP needs to be implemented. Sharing movies works via YouTube streaming or by having the same movie file in the same directory on each participating multiplayer computer.Why get it now?You can:- Play emulated games solo.- Listen to cool music.- Watch movies with friends.- Play Air Hockey, bowling, basketball, skeet shooting, darts, a rails zombie shooter, a Flappy Bird knock off (by default), and a single stick multiplayer shooter.Why get it later?Hopefully, we can:- Have virtual couch co-op/game streaming.- Compete with high scores.I'd consider the game in Alpha because it's not feature complete. There are some known bugs and the multiplayer isn't finished. We'll get there.Update: It's been a few months and I've yet to see any progress regarding server hosting and game streaming. This was one of the majors draws to the game and whenever requested the dev team says it's simply too hard. However, between adopting something like Valve's Source hosting system wherein all of the host's files are downloaded by the client, and the success of streaming in Unity, sharing an arcade space is definitely possible.This game is an atmospheric, single player getaway for your oldschool needs. However, it's much easier to put these games up on your monitor/TV than go through the trouble of implementing them here. With RetroPie for the Rasberry Pi and other means of realizing a retro arcade experience this game simply isn't worthwhile (yet) without a more complete multiplayer experience. I go to Barcade to compete in high scores with friends/strangers. I can't do that here and therefore this game has been a nice, experimental escape, but doesn't have enough content to hold my attention. Arcades are about socializing and this game, right now, doesn't do a great job of that. I go to arcades to play arcade games; not just bowl or play arcade basketball.So here's to the developers realizing that somehow, at some point in the near future, before interest truly wanes."
,Recommended,465780,25583961,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Sergi,"Great product with very big potential!It is very impressive to walk around and play this on VR. Hell, even in normal mode looks gorgeous! I am amazed how often I see myself playing those old games from my childhood!But, if I have to say something ""bad"", the nausea and sickness produced by the game is terrible (Oculus Rift). I think it would be necessary some kind of teleport system (like the Vive has) as an optional feature to the free roaming (xbox controller). Just my opinion, of course."
,Not Recommended,465780,35448946,Posted: 3 October,all,KBL1974,What is with the bowling? In 20 throws i managed 1 then glided down the lane like a bowling ball. All others bounced like a helium ballon.What is with the guitar? On two occasions i made the mistake of picking it up. Then it attcks me on some rediculus angle and wont let me drop it. Instant nausea. Not a single button lets me drop it.How do you play a movie. I put in a tape but there's no remote. Nothing happens.I pick up a dart. Its holding it side-upways-horizonally-double-inverse-halffullways. I throw it and it hits my foot.Sorry. Very frustrated right now. Am i missing something? Like a third touch controller?
,Not Recommended,465780,24665402,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Epsilon748,"This is by far the buggiest game I've tried on the Vive, and at this price it's not worth it. As noted, the process to even get ROMs loaded and booting up in the arcade cabinets is lengthy. Even after spending 10-15 minutes troubleshooting why cabinets wouldn't work (they had all the art, but were stuck at the splash screen)- I couldn't even play them! Vive motion controls don't work on the d-pad. I had a few working buttons, but none would control the joystick. Trying to remap these in settings caused the game to crash.Bad control scheme that isn't intuitive. Games aren't just ""there"" and require fiddliness following a guide here or on reddit to even get things to load- which then won't work anyway. I couldn't even get the gameboy or SNES to start.Refunding until they iron out the bugs. I like the concept, but this is really poorly executed.Additionally- Vive graphics are terrible. Set to high with multires settings up to 220% it's still blurring and very tough to read any text in game. I haven't seen this sort of issue in any other game yet on the Vive."
,Recommended,465780,24697746,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,you know what time it is,No children so its safe.
,Not Recommended,465780,34333603,Posted: 18 August,all,BattleSpy,"Cool game, but has some issues I ran into with audio not playing. I was never able to get it to work.Absolutely test the demo before hand to make sure it at least works - if it does, it'll probably be fun."
,Recommended,465780,24918721,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Agithorn,Making dreams come true.
76561197974322974,Recommended,465780,24796549,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Smittan SWE,"First time i started this one i was disapointed!It all looked blurry, however after some adjustments in the option menu it all look crisp.So now i need to Fire up some rom classics in VR :-)"
76561198182131213,Not Recommended,465780,32960505,Posted: 28 June,all,nobbychapman,"Just too difficult to get set up, after watching many youtube vids, google searches and downloading zip files all I have acheived is for my game to crash on launch.Probably a great buy if you're a computer buff but not for your average gamer who just wants to stroll around memory arcade.Such a shame :-/"
76561198075345642,Not Recommended,465780,29269916,Posted: 15 January,all,Cylon Surfer,"Recently got back into this title as it now supports Oculus Touch and a form of stick based locomotion. However, locomotion is where this title really falls apart. Let me explain:In order to move you need to be stood on top of circle marker, if you move outside of this marker you will no longer be able to move. I can understand the reason behind this but it basically means that most of your play session is spent fighting against this mechanic, searching for the circle if you physically moved outside of it. This is frustrating and could easily be resolved by having a button bound which moves said circle to the players current position. Sadly this option is not available.Secondly, stick based walking movement - I'm glad it was included but... It's a simple on or off, the position of your analog stick has no bearing on how fast or slow you move. i.e. you push your stick forward and you start to move, slow at first and quite quickly build up to a full on run no matter the position of you stick, hence you have no direct control over how fast you move through this games environment. Not only is this very bad practice in VR and a relic of past game design but it also prevents the end user from being able to slowly walk around their arcade in order to admire the arcade they have built. Essentially if you don't want to run everywhere like your on steroids or in a  90's first person shooter you end up having to use a start stop approach, press forward and then let go before you start moving to fast, press forward, let go and repeat. This makes for a very unpleasant experience and the game becomes a stuttery mess.I think the developers nailed the arcade environment, it is fantastic and looks amazing. However its impossible to fully enjoy the arcade with such poor movement controls. Resolving this issue should be priority for the development team but there seems to be no interest in doing so, I'm quite confident that we'll see more gimicks such as the playable guitar and drum machine rather than them focusing on resolving the underlying 'bad for VR' locomotion design.There are also other little niggles, like no audio being played when trying to watch a movie from one of the VHS tapes, the fact you are unable to sit on any of the chairs in the cinema (or anywhere else there is a chair or sofa) and if you could your view would be obstructed anyway, the position of the TV attached to the game console makes it impossible to sit down and enjoy and the fact that some of the emulation that works in the demo version of NRA does not work in the full paid for version.In honesty I think the devs need to take a long hard look at the foundations of this game and get things working correctly before spending time on more gimmicks which people may use once or twice and then never return to.If these issues were resolved I would recommend this title. In its current state I cannot."
76561198171283738,Recommended,465780,24662214,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Mr.Spider,"Amazing, Fun, Epic, Cool Grapics and design 11/10 in my book"
76561197990081896,Not Recommended,465780,29467915,Posted: 24 January,all,ninjeratu,"Installing a RetroPI (for Raspberry Pi, that is) is a lot more satisfying than running around poking and dropping stuff in VR.It's a fun proof-of-concept, but not terribly useful. It'll make your friends go ""cool."". Once.Controls in the emulators are sort of horrible, bordering on unusable pending the emulator you install.It's pretty prepared for ""third party"" stuff and you can actually find links in the forums to complete installs.But remember kids, ""you have to own the roms!""...Yeah.It's sorta pretty, sorta fun a few times. As a retro amulator it's useless."
,Recommended,465780,24808503,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Godislove4u,i like it very much praise Jesus
,Not Recommended,465780,32116973,Posted: 1 June,all,MysticK,"Supposedly there is a way to customize this, but I can't find any documentation.  It's very frustrating when they come out with a game and don't provide much help at all.  Even on their web site there's no information.  There's no tutorial, nothing."
76561198134939036,Not Recommended,465780,25118658,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ShawnEBear,I love the nostalgic music. The look of the arcade itself. It is really like stepping into a arcade. But I found myself just walking around trying to get stuff to work. Here are a few things I would add to the game. The ability to fully rotate objects. Right now you can just pick up and throw things. And it's hard to actually put back the object on the table without knocking other stuff over.. More game cabinets where you don't have to do the work yourself.. And the ability to sit down on furnithere. Sit at the bar. Get a drink. Drink the pop that you get out of the vending machine. When you pick up the smokes. The ability to actually smoke a cig. These are little things that brings realism to the game and not just a game where you pick up and throw things across the room.I like the look feel of the game. But I just found myself walking around. I wanted to easily interact with things and not make it a chore. Once they add more content I'm sure it will be a better experience.
,Not Recommended,465780,30266638,Posted: 1 March,all,ravingrowan,"Shame i have to give it a thumbs down, its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to set up, the vr section of the game isnt that good, to top it all off it forced itself open and didn't shut"
,Not Recommended,465780,30138317,Posted: 24 February,all,l0cut15,"Very difficult to setup.VR support needs some work, controls are not intuative.Its a really cool idea just not ready for prime time."
,Not Recommended,465780,24910884,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Ronny,It simply does not work without installing your own game emulators and roms which you must acquire on your own. If you are up to fiddling around a lot and configuring the game yourself i guess it is a OK 80's arcade simulator with an autentic atmosphere.
76561197973939049,Not Recommended,465780,28337691,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,markberryr1,"The physics were weak when bowling and throwing darts, when compared to Pierhead Arcade."
76561198140232873,Not Recommended,465780,26301445,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,OJT,"I got this game a few weeks ago and went on for 7 mins and nothing worked then it crashed so i ended up not playing till yesterday in hopes of it working and when i went on i was on for a good 12 mins, no machines worked and then it crashed and this happened many times, i would recommend they fix a bit of the tinkering but i know it is hard to do all these scripts, codes and models. And when i tried to refund it was denied because i had it longer than 2 weeks which was probally expected but i only had 30 mins of playtime. i do like the concept and idea they just need a bit of tinkering and make it so its easy to fix even if you dont know a lot for theses reasons i would not recommend, i would have wished i had gotten a refund but im going to delete it anyways since its taking up space and doesnt work that good. just a waste of the 20$ i payed expecting like the trailers and pictures. but instead it was a lot of unfinished work and only a few things that work ok, Ex:The robot but other wise it is not worth 20$ espically if they are bad at understanding refunds and hopefully read it their selfs and not use it auto bot"
,Not Recommended,465780,30269303,Posted: 1 March,all,Wolfe Procter,"I only recommend this to people who know how to work emulators.  Besides, if you even have emulators, what's the point?!  Anarchy Arcade is better than this because you can use Steam games as well as ROMs."
,Not Recommended,465780,29290186,Posted: 15 January,all,TurboSoggy,wayyyyyyy to complicated to set up
,Not Recommended,465780,25187850,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,GOLIATH2ND,"I bought this game in a rush of extcitement, the neon style and the music set the perfect atmosphere for any retro 80s lovers. Unfortunately the physics based games are quite poor. They just didn't seem to work well and the guitar didn't work at all. In the rush of excitement i also overlooked the fact that none of the arcade machines have roms, it is intended that you make your own personalised arcade. Unfortunately i don't have a clue what to do for loading the roms, so this put me off when i  discovered it.I recommend this game for the style and music which is fantastic, i also think the idea of your own personally selected games is quite cool. but i dont know how to use this feature, i was hoping it would be straight forward and simple for someone who hs never done anything with roms and emulation before.the bad part is the physics game which not all of them worked."
76561198151389547,Not Recommended,465780,29150175,Posted: 9 January,all,mdmonty,WANT MY MONEY BACK AND YOU NEED TO DOWNLOAD FILES TO PLAY THE GAME
76561198158502303,Not Recommended,465780,32905211,Posted: 27 June,all,Future Lab Member 009,sucks
76561197987542958,Not Recommended,465780,24679994,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Nytrusdeathcyde,meh
,Recommended,465780,24717804,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Trigger_Trim,"UPDATE:I am updating my review because in the past week and a half I've seen the developers be very active with the community making a real effort to fix many of the problems with the initial release of this game.  At this point, many of my complaints have been addressed.  There are still issues I am waiting to be fixed, but I am confident that these will be fixed soon and at this point this has become the nostalgic dream I've really been waiting for so long!  Vive controls and positioning is still needing to be fixed, and we still really need to have attract screens with sound running on the arcades.  Shared video streams from friends arcades is still desperately desired.  Otherwise, if you want to feel like you are back in the 80's hanging out in your favorite arcade, this is the way to do it!  I wouldn't hesitate to purchase this game./END UPDATEI was really hoping I would enjoy the arcade machines in this, but the selection of roms that actually work without crashing the program seems very slim.  The default arcade that you get has only 3 functioning games, the rest are all dummy machines with a static image on them and no games.  The complete garbage of the throw in carnival games don't make up for the lack of arcade games.  Many of these add in ""chuck-e-cheese"" type games have already been done in other VR games, and have been done so much better.--The Good--The visuals (after you figure out how to set the resolution in the settings) look pretty good.  The textures and the models of the arcade cabinets and other elements in the environment look very nice.It is possible to get mame hooked up to some of these arcade machines and load your own roms.  It's a big guessing game as to where your configured arcade machines will be located, and then it's an excersize in frustration when you go in to try your new mame rom and get to experience a crash to desktop when all of your favorite roms just don't work.--The Bad--Vive controllers for arcade game play absolutely sucks! input recognition on the touch pad is nowhere near good enough for fast arcade input.The carnival games:I decided to give some of the novelty games a go, since the vive controller input on those should be more natural for things like the light gun game, the punching bag, whack-a-mole etc.Punching bag game. what the heck? You don't even punch the thing! The only interaction I could get to work on the punching bag was to hover my vive controller inside the bag until it outlined in white, then pull the trigger. that seemed to ""punch"" it. that has got to be the stupidest thing I've ever seen.Whack-a-mole:First off, everytime i pick something up, it seems like it goes to the wrong hand, and even sometimes it picks up the completely wrong item. I tried to pick up the mallet on the right hand machine, with my right hand. It grabbed the mallet from the left hand machine (starting the left machine game) and put the mallet into my left hand. that's all sorts of screwed up. But ok, I'm in room scale, I'll just step over there to that machine. Most of my hits wouldn't register. Seemed like the very middle dinosaur just wouldn't register a hit no matter what. I gave up.Zombie Light Gun game:Then I went to play the zombie light gun game. This time the gun went into my correct hand, but what the heck is up with the reload function? I figured out that pressing on the touch pad button was reload (which is stupid, most light gun games I remember as a kid required you to simply shoot off screen to reload). But sometimes pressing the touch pad button actually shoots the gun. I couldn't ever really figure out where it wanted me to press to actually reload. so I got mad and quit.Skee-ball:it's like the skee balls have little jet engines in them and no matter how lightly you toss them, they go launching like they've been shot out of a canon.I know they are working on all of these bugs, but my goodness, this initial impression has made me wonder what in the world happened between the free version they made prior to this and the demo, and this release?  This feels like a rushed out half finished, mostly broken piece of junk to me. I hope this gets fixed soon.I'm still very anxious for this to work like the free version and the demo did. this has been my most anticipated game since the free version on the DK2."
76561198263558978,Recommended,465780,29142252,Posted: 9 January,all,LupusDante,"I find the movement and controlls need some tweaking for the arcade cabinets, the other games respond a lot better. Hopefully that an update will change the controlls for the arcade cabinets."
,Recommended,465780,34940415,Posted: 13 September,all,Bran the Friendly Heavy,"I highly recommend this game.Even without VR (I have no VR headset) it's truly astonishing. It brings back many memories and I love the feel of it.Some of it, of course, isn't like the ""true"" arcades back then, however it's as close as you're gonna get Steam-wise."
76561198012067849,Recommended,465780,35014701,Posted: 16 September,all,Nogrod,I have an Oculus Rift and I played this originally on the DK2 and with this release I am very pleased. I wish the legalities made the ROMs less of a pain to use but overall this is one of my favorite VR Experiences to share with new people.
76561198329027859,Recommended,465780,35184761,Posted: 24 September,all,NorthPolePete,"If you want to recreate an amusement arcade from the era of your choosing and are prepared to spend quite a few hours sourcing all the ROMs and artwork then putting them together into this program, then this is the program for you. If you enjoy using MAME then this is the next stage up where you not only play the old games but play them in the arcade in the original cabinets with all the noises and background music you ever wanted. Does other games as well such as air hockey, bowling, whack a mole, etc. which all adds to the fun."
76561198004630791,Not Recommended,465780,35399298,Posted: 1 October,all,Navitas,"While it is very pretty and has plenty of things to customise with your own content, you are lmited by the fact that you cannot change the layout or add to it.Buy it when it is less than $10.With workshop support this would have been awesome.Workshop support would have meant that custom cabinets would be very easy to source.The multiplayer isn't fully-featured as your content isn't streamed to the other players.This kind of thing is built manily for the MAME crowd, which is community driven. If this game was open and accessible to change and adfd to then it would have become the undisputed arcade simulator.At the moment it is the best, but it can be easily toppled from the throne by any developer who puts the same amount of polish into a customisable version."
