user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,466130,34536058,Posted: 27 August,all,Otter in a Boot,"Pros:+Routing is very dynamic; choices have significant changes in who you interact with and each lead to a unique ending.+Pacing: your character is fast, and controls are solid, so movement is very fluid.+Graphics: for a port of a mobile game, everything looks crisp. Besides some awkward animations (the janitor pivoting on the spot while running to turn around, running through doors, etc.) it looks very good.+Puzzles: the puzzles aren't particularly difficult, but just intuitive enough to add a reasonable challenge.+Music: the soundtrack is superb, and the variety in different areas and situations is fantastic. I'm particularly in love with the doppelganger fight music.+Voice acting is solid.Cons:-Five patches have updated the janitor's AI, which speaks to the game's biggest problem. You're going to spend a LOT of time running in circles from an unloseable AI. Like exploring? Reading notes? Looking for clues? You can be found anywhere at any time (even during cutscenes) and that gives you the choice to run across the map and back a few times losing him (after which he'll patrol between you and your objective) or simply reload a save and start your whole quest over. The game's ultra-simple but ultra-aggressive AI programming makes the main enemy rip all of the game's good aspects to shreds on all but the easiest difficulty.-At least one forced death on your first playthrough: later in New Building, a cutscene will inform you that you have to set a condition to deal with a ghost... but as you approach the area to meet that condition, you'll be killed after some QTEs. On subsequent playthroughs you have to deal with it ahead of time before you're supposed to know about it. For your first time, enjoy that forced death and the backtracking it forces.-They added pseudo-random jump scares with the floating head ghosts. While out and about with your business, a barely-noticeable floating head can float up to you, and on hit you take damage but also a full-screen jump scare.-QTEs at unnecessary random spots during some cutscenes, which just give an insta-death. Sloppy and a totally lame tack-on.-Menus lag; the game seems to have issues scrolling through menus, and some buttons and options will ""stick"" until tried a few times.-A minor complaint, but cutscene skips are slow, only fading out after a few seconds of forced watching. Very annoying on mutiple playthroughs, which this game is centered around.-Not too hot about the $50 of day 1 DLC when the product itself was SUPER buggy and messy, but that's up to the player I suppose.Verdict: Ignore the harder difficulties unless you have the game thoroughly memorized. Play on Very Easy, and if it still isn't fun for you, return it, because it doesn't get better. On the easier settings it can be a satisfying horror experience, if buggy and unpolished. But, I wouldn't recommend it at its current price for how many poor design choices really bog down the experience."
76561198006586073,Recommended,466130,34525604,Posted: 27 August,all,WARBOSS,"This game is definitely the best horror game right now on steam, I might say ever.The mixed reviews are mostly from purist oldguys but there's nothing close to this game except maybe the first 2 fatal frames or the old Clock Tower games.Imo (and this is very personal) western horror games like Amnesia or Slenderman can't compare to this. And this is coming from someone who mostly plays western games and hates jrpgs.This game is an overall improvement of the original, it surpasses it in almost everything (or everything, it's subjective imo)This is true horror, a good story (for an horror game) and TOP tier waifus, what more can you ask for?"
,Recommended,466130,34508794,Posted: 26 August,all,Evangelear,"This game is bugged. This game is broken. This game is short. This game has an illogical plot. This game has puzzles that not always make clear sense.But is this game fun?Hell yes.Having not finished the original, I looked forward to this game. But it was delayed. Again and again. I know it's been available for mobiles all this time, but I wanted to experience it properly. For two years of delays, this game has way too many bugs and unpolished issues, however most of them make the game actually more enjoyable than the realistic approach many horrors tend to stick with now.The gameplay is a survival horror classic. You lurk around a certain location, find notes contributing to the lore, items to help you save and buy heals, avoid a patroling enemy and many different ghosts haunting the school, get jumpscared (which I know is a cheap scare, but it fits with this game) solve puzzles (which sometimes might seem very weird, but most of that is due to translation difficulties really) and proceed to the next location until you beat the game. The AI is extremely simple and does simply what it's meant to do - be a nuisance to your progress. The best thing about the gameplay is that it actually feels like a game: the first time you play it you're confused and terrified of the unkown, but after some time you start to see its mechanics, you learn about all the ghosts and their behavior - you start mastering the game and ""survival"" in ""survival horror"" starts to take priority.The story, and specifically the characters might often make you question their ingelligence, but given some time you grow attached to them as more of their background is revealed (although still at a little weird pacing). The game features multiple endings and sort of different routes. The general story and course of action you'll take will not change, but the cutscenes and bits of story/lore that will be shown to you differ. If you're a completionist, then you're up to some time consuming challenge, as the game requires you to get all endings on all difficulties which leads to having to get 35 endings plus extra (i.e. simply die at some point and also some secret endings). But you don't have to replay the game entirely for each one: sometimes a simple save load is enough.All in all, White Day is definitely a good experience despite its many bugs, issues and countless delays. If you like classic survival horrors like the old Resident Evil or even the newest installment which tries to go back to its roots, you'll most probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,466130,34885331,Posted: 11 September,all,Simon.cleric,"Pros:+ Atmosphere is scary+ Sounds and music are scary+ Scary ghosts are scary+ ****, this game is scary!+ Graphics aren't scary. Actually, very pleasing. Facial animations are fantastic.+ Swimsuit DLC makes the game less scary. Unless it's swimsuits on janitors. Which make them more scary.Cons:- Janitors are... not scary. Mostly annoying.- Some bugs here and there. Most are probably fixed by the time you read it, but during my first playthrough, met some scary bugs.- Puzzles are interesting, but some are quite obscure and could use more explanation. And yes, I did run out of ways to integrate ""scary"" into these sentences...- Jumpscares. It's kind of a cheep way to scare. Quality also varies, from ""holy ****, don't do this again!"" to ""meh... saw that coming"".- Must play on hard or above to see all the scary content- Grindy achievements (die 100 times, use 100 medkits etc.)In-Depth:Ok, so... I reallylovehateloveenjoyed this game. For the most part. But let me start with the most obvious thing that I hated about it. The janitors.The janitors are not scary. The janitors are not fun. The janitors are annoying as ****. This game would be infinitely more enjoyable, interesting and scary without them. The only purpose they serve is to artificially prolong the gameplay time, because they stand between you and exploration, scares, story. If anything, I think they actually ruin the atmosphere of this empty creaky haunted school. You know, when you are exploring the dark corridors, about to **** your pants because of creepy music, something knocking on the window of the fourth floor, stepping on creaky floor... and then suddenly a guy with a flashlight and baseball bat shows up, limping towards you, whistling with his whistle and you have to run to the nearest toilet (since it's the only place you can reliably lose him)... the only thing missing is Benny Hill music. And you don't think ""oh no, so scary, he's gonna catch me"", you think ""Oh ffs, again? I was literally 2 meters away from objective and now I have to crawl through all this AGAIN?"".Not to mention that on harder difficulties their ability to hear and see you becomes just absurd, with them hearing you open doors 4 floors away.Sure, there are a few creepy moments involving them and they are nicely integrated into some cutscenes. But it doesn't really justify their presence, in my opinion. They are simply annoying.OK, with that out of the way, let's actually talk about the rest of the game. I have never played the original myself, so this was my first experience with White Day. And I loved every second of it (that did not involve janitors).I consider myself rather desensitized when it comes to horror genre. Seen too many movies, played too many games, so it's pretty hard to find something really scary for me.Well, I stopped playing this game after the first 10 minutes to go and turn the lights in my room on. Because holy ****, the sounds are so creepy. The atmosphere overall is creepy as well, but it can vary, depending on situation. But sounds are always there. Just some random static, some footsteps in an otherwise empty hall, something knocking on your window, something screeching, something whining... the sound design here is absolutely amazing.The ghosts are great. Just don't forget that you have to play on hard to see them all.One thing I've noticed about a few ""let's plays"" of this game that I've seen - people often skip ghost stories they find and don't read them. HUGE mistake. These stories are amazingly creepy and add immensely to the atmosphere. So do yourself a favor and read them.And then, of course, the ghost design itself is awesome. But hey, what did you expect from Asian horror? Their ghosts are always top-notch.Could, maybe, use a bit less of jumpscares. The ghosts and their sounds are already creepy enough without this cheap trick of popping and screaming. Actually, my single favorite ghost in the game is the one that just stands in the room doing absolutely nothing. Scares me deeply and much more than the jumpscare ones.I also want her as my waifu.Exploration is fun (when the janitor doesn't stand in its way). I love finding some obscure things and figuring what to do with them. This game has a lot of these tiny missable things and it's pretty cool for completionists. Also has around 10 different endings, so the replayability is great.The puzzles are... how do I put it... it's not that they are difficult, in fact, I only had troubles with one of them. But you need to have a certain way of thinking to figure some of them out. I'd say the game would benefit from giving you just a tiny bit more info about what it wants you to do. But then again, maybe I just suffer from being a modern gamer and too used to games holding my hand all the time.However, there are things that are stupid. To solve certain scenes you need to have certain items. However, you can not know that you need them until you encounter these scenes. So, you die, then you search for more items, play through the section again and then you win. Which can be frustrating. Especially because - yes, you guessed it - the janitor who doesn't let you explore every room in peace. Thankfully, even on hardest difficulty (where you can not save) the game's autosaves are placed smart enough not to put you into dead ends. So even when you die, you usually start relatively close to where you need to be. So it's not a big gripe. Besides, it's always fun to see your hero die in a new way.All in all, I think this game is great. It's scary, it has replayability, it is visually pleasing (which is one of the reasons I bought it in the first place, I just LOVED characters' animations and facial expressions, huge props to people who worked on them). It is an Asian horror and an Asian game through and through. Which means it involves creepy lore, creepy sounds and music and unfortunately, a certain amount of wasting your time. If you've played many Asian games, you probably know that for the most part they involve a f-ton of grinding, textskippingreading, random unavoidable combat or clunky UI. It's just part of the course. Thankfully, this game has none of the above. Instead it has the janitor who slows your progression, makes you run in circles, replay bits of level over and over again if he catches you or spend a huge chunk of game sitting in the toilet, waiting for him to leave your floor...But if you think that you can deal with this part, the rest of the game is very much worth it. Honestly, it's an easy recommendation for anyone who loves horrors."
,Recommended,466130,34449311,Posted: 23 August,all,Joseph,"Its difficult to breakdown this game due to genre, but I'll try.Pros:Good soundtrack(At times a bit strange for my tastes)Decent Horror(May be cheesy if your used to horror)Has replayability(You have 9 routes to complete)Has Problem-Solving(Puzzles aren't too hard after you figure them out)Cons:Animated(Stay away if your not into anime, has nudity too in some routes)Can be very difficult(Frusterating)Scripted AIHas some glitchs(Changing controls in menu, Some doors/model blocking/janitor glitch)Improper English translation on puzzles.Its decent horror stealth game, Although they need fix some of the glitchs like having tab and right click as opening menu but no key for opening messages automaticly and some door bugs which you can fix by restarting the game/verifying cashe."
,Recommended,466130,34448747,Posted: 23 August,all,ThoseNiceCopperPipes,"So far it's still got a few bugs, some more annoying than others, I'd wait just a little bit before actually buying the game. I'm not saying the game really sucks or anything it's just buggy/glitchy right now...almost like the original game :P Thankfully though this one is much more playable and because the world has the internet, we can obviously get fixes/patches for the game [Course I think they should've taken a little more time with it before releasing it to smooth out the edges]So far however, i've played a few minutes of it and the game still has it's same old scares, just upgraded. I give the game a thumbs up...but not a very high thumbs up, maybe like a diagonal/kinda leaning down thumbs up if that made any sense lol* little spoiler *I ran into that floating ghost woman head in the beginning of the game, in the original game it just floated and would hurt you if you touched it...this time they added a jump scare to it...either way, that floating ghost woman head still scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me to this day...by the way it's unavoidable...well, I mean you can run away from it but you will meet it either way...the point is that the original is still to me the top horror game of all time [even though it had a lot of bugs and glitches] let's hope this one does the same if not better!"
76561197979971618,Recommended,466130,34618430,Posted: 30 August,all,Aedrah,"It's a good, silly spooker. You get chased by janitors for most of the game that tend to have clairvoyance. Multiple endings depending on dialogue options."
76561198024452807,Recommended,466130,34475497,Posted: 25 August,all,Ariana Grande,"I strongly suggest people ignore the negative reviews, as most of them are in korean or chinese and I'm pretty sure they are about the fact that theres no japanese translations (Thats a mouth full huh?)The game is fantastic. While the original didn't age the best, this one is really good, and fun! Exploring the school and finding all of the ghosts is a really fun challenge. The janitors are at best a nuisance, as you cant hide from them except in the toilets, only run. But all in all, the game is really fun, and pretty creepy (It does rely partially on jump scares though)"
,Recommended,466130,34445611,Posted: 23 August,all,youka,"Played the original and the mobile version, I know I'm going to love spending time on this in the evenings and this weekend. But I can't see to change the controls (lefty) so it's a tad uncomfortable. Hope this gets fixed soon!EDIT: Controls fixed! I've since finished this on PS4, but look forward to coming back to the PC version"
76561198043527787,Recommended,466130,34425780,Posted: 22 August,all,Sandyway,"Lovely.Some bugs here and there but hopefully will be fixed.This remake is almost like the original/old one, but much better in term of graphics, new puzzles, new features.It's scary as hell, I still can't feel confortable playing this for a second time, or third or so. My strategy is always run fast or &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥happens"". The faster you run and complete the tasks the less probability of jump scares :pWhat I mean is, the less time you spend to search rooms and so, the better chance to not find the janitor.The controls are ok, you can also change the controls in the settings. I found this version on PC just fine. Also you can choose the voices in Korean or English."
76561197987872549,Recommended,466130,34522444,Posted: 26 August,all,Nowotny,"In overall, it is a good game with a good storyline. The ambient sound is quite adequate and it reflects ominous atmosphere of the 'ghost-ridden school'. It is also very clever that the developers used the title as each ending's initial(go to the ending collection and you'd know what I mean). There are room for improvement, however, and only bugging things so far are:1. I can't open the drawers of the desks or similar furniture with one click(it is clumsy to have player drag their mouse to open). I think it doesn't need to have any kind of zoom of inspection(except when there is a puzzle like the one in the principal's room)2. When turning the red valves in the earliest part of the game, the view of player also moves and it looks very awkward(normally other games just fix the view).Other than those things, I strongly recommend the game for its ingenuity."
,Recommended,466130,34468195,Posted: 24 August,all,Sir Spooks,"I played the original game and it's still my favourite horror game. I had high hopes for this remake and so far they've been met! Aside from a few glitches on launch day that have since been fixed, it's incredibly scary and intense to play by yourself. Check it out, and don't let the ""mixed"" reviews confuse you. People have a tendency to nitpick the hell out of different games."
76561198354176331,Recommended,466130,35184206,Posted: 24 September,all,weebsen,"I've been a fan of White Day since I played the original version ages ago.This is a korean survival horror game. You play as Hee-Min Lee, a high school student who gets trapped along his schoolmates inside Yeondu High School, a haunted school which is home to lots of ghost stories. You'll have to solve puzzles and even face some of the ghosts in order to escape.Pros:-Multiple endings: The ending is determined by how you interact with the characters (whether you are nice or mean to them).-There's a new playable character (Ji-Min Yoo): She didn't appear in the original or the mobile versions. When playing as Ji-Min, you can get two new endings (depending on Hee-Min's choices when meeting her).-Graphics: The game is similar to the mobile version, but it looks much better.-Music: the music is great and fits the game perfectly.-The school: you'll be able to explore most of this creepy school and learn about its past through various documents.-Ghosts!: There are 20 ghost stories you can collect around the school. However, you'll have to play on Hard or Hell modes to see most of them.Cons:-The janitors: they are the main threat in almost every phase of the game. They're very frustrating in harder difficulties.-The story is a bit short: You could complete the game in 2 hours or so (even less if you speedrun or don't look for secrets/documents).-Some of the ghosts are just jumpscares. Not scary at all.-Other minor bugs.Despite everything, this is still one of the best horror games I've played and one of my favourites. I'd recommend it to any survival horror fan."
,Recommended,466130,35113748,Posted: 21 September,all,Miia 🎃,"(Writing this review after just finished the game for my first time)This game is incredible!!!I just finished for my first time! I always wanted to play this game, Ever since 2012, especially after seeing Cryaotic play it many many years ago. After hearing the remake was a thing, and that it was coming to pc, I was so excited! Set the day on my calendar and everything, then it was delayed. I was upset, but I stuck with it.I got the game 2 nights ago, and couldn't stop playing, I Always saw White Day as the ""Best Horror Game I Never Got To Play"" And now that I've played it, it's INCREDIBLE. :)So, heres the review: Graphics: The graphics are Incredible. It's got the Anime aesthetic,  which I absolutelyLOVEIt's done So well, I'd definetly say this game is how you do an anime style in 3D, It's amazing. Animation is also Awesome, All animations in this game look crisp, and well-animated!Gameplay: The gameplay is really fun, a lot of the game play is Stealth, hiding from the Janitor, Etc, and when you're not hiding, You will be solving puzzles. As for the puzzles, They're not too hard, but intuitive enough to put thought into.There are Multiple endings, that are affected by your choices, Talking to the girls, your likability, Etc.  The ending I got on my first playthrough, isAlthaeaThe sound design is great, I love the new sounds they have, and old ones they use from the original. The music is also Incredible. Sometimes it's odd or loud, but other than that, all music is Great. In total, I Definetly recommend this game, It is truly an amazing experience, and it's a great horror game for Everyone.(Note: The game is Still being updated by devs based on feedback! :)   )"
76561198039075807,Recommended,466130,34720845,Posted: 3 September,all,Crimson Milk,"While some puzzles were totally not obvious and took some time to complete, this is by far one of the best horror games that I've played. I wish there were more games like this. If anyone has suggestions of similar games feel free to respond"
76561198018456526,Recommended,466130,35164824,Posted: 23 September,all,bcres,I was one of those who started this on normal and had to start over again on Easy just because of the janitor—but that didn't ruin the fun at all.Great game and I'd like to thank the Korean team who resurrected this gem. Enjoyable from beginning to end.
,Recommended,466130,35169179,Posted: 23 September,all,Together Forever,"The most atmospheric, frightening and memorable horror game. Cheap indie projects is far from this korean masterpiece. You get a hours of exciting gameplay with puzzles and riddles with using a variety of items. Large school with the gradually-opening free world for exploring. Interesting story of the mysterious school, and more then two dozen creepy ghosts. I played with pleasure original game and I enjoyed playing remake. Thank you, ROIGAMES, for the Android/iOS/PC/PS4 release and revival of this really great game!"
,Recommended,466130,34980921,Posted: 15 September,all,TysonL,"very awesome and fun game. it is scary, and good on jumpscares. i never played the original of this game and some people seem to be turned off from the jumpscares since the original apparently had none..Game is made in Unity and to my surprise it's very pretty and very solid game. I personally hate Unity because of crashes, bad frame rates or the odd little bugs. None Here! these dev's are amazing.game plays different on which difficulty settings you play on with Hard and Hell having jumpscares and with Hell having no saving allowed!i highly recommend this game 10/10 and bikini dlc :3"
,Recommended,466130,34586535,Posted: 29 August,all,Sirlion,"I wont go into too much detail, it is one of the most atmospheric horror titles I've encountered in my gaming life and, having played the original many years ago, it still holds up to this day and age. Some things have been made very easy, others are simply less clunky - like the menus and the boss battles - which grant a superior replay value. Some puzzles were excessively dumbed down in my opinion (Safe puzzle) but at least now there is a sense of urgency because there's a time limit to every boss battle. I have appreciated a lot the newer graphics, sound design and fidelity to the original vision and the art direction is still going strong to this day meaning the original vision was correct and well conceivedOverall, a solid 8 \ 10. The fact that it is such a short title, even by its 2001 original counterpart, may be a turn off for someone (you can reliably finish it in 3 hours or less like the old Resident Evil titles) however it's multiple choices and girls routes and the good amount of endings make up for it."
,Recommended,466130,34426935,Posted: 22 August,all,TomoTherapy,"pros : the great horror game is back from the mobile device to PC with high resolution and better graphics. and new character or course!cons : even if there are improvements, it has still some ridiculous glitches such as i could not open a door. to fix this issue, i had to reload the save file. BUT i believe those glitches will be fixed in no time."
,Recommended,466130,34424739,Posted: 22 August,all,Exit Done,"At the moment there are a few bugs which is scrolling down the documents, but they will fix it soon.In other words, the game is brilliant. My favorite horror game of all time since the 2001 versionEDIT: The devs have fixed the bugs and now you can read the documents. The game is damn scary, more than Outlast or Amnesia or whatever you played!"
76561198146199915,Recommended,466130,35219769,Posted: 26 September,all,Surrender your will to the Kabal,Very good game
76561198132894078,Recommended,466130,34747622,Posted: 4 September,all,AffinityHalo,"If your a new comer to this game I reccomend doing easy/very easy difficulty first. The game is pretty hard on normal and hard, it took me 20 hours to beat in one playthrough (im playing a 2nd time for a better ending) all in all if your looking for a survival horror game I would reccomend this game. One warning i will give is some puzzles are really really hard! an example being is finding a passcode and its in korean...it gives you a hint on easy/very easy though. All in all one of the best survival horror games out there is totally worth the price so go and play it!"
,Recommended,466130,34429422,Posted: 22 August,all,ArcaneAria,There's something satisfying about watching Tager chase Ragna down the hallway with a baseball bat
,Not Recommended,466130,34847751,Posted: 9 September,all,MmmBrainss,Was pretty excited for this game but the janitor completely ruined it for me. You're basically hiding the whole entire time and it just kills the mood of the game. You go from scared to annoyed within an hour. Definitely not worth $30.
,Recommended,466130,34425074,Posted: 22 August,all,Phu Cat,My favorite horror game of all time remade! Love the game so much that I played this at the Anime Expo booth like 3-4 times. It didn't quite work out for me with the janitor on the full release when collecting items super quick. Excited to play all the way through this!
76561198285062934,Recommended,466130,34784418,Posted: 6 September,all,Plastic Panorama,"White Day: A Labyrinth Named School is one of my very favorite games. It's a game that was ahead of it's time back when it was originally released in 2001 and in some ways still ahead of it's time 16 years later. White Day, in my opionion, is up there with the horror greats such as the Silent Hill series and Fatal Frame series and is an absolute must play for ANY survival horror fan. My recommendation is to go into this game without looking up too much about it and just discovering it 100% for your self. So if you're reading this review and are considering buying the game, just do it, it's one of the best.P.S. Please release White Day 2 on PC."
,Not Recommended,466130,34800458,Posted: 7 September,all,TheFriendlyBroski,"""Why I Refunded White Day: A Labyrinth Named School (2015/17 Remake)""If you wish to know all the reasons why I decided to refund my copy of White Day, then feel free to check out my video on the topic:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wcLFbq96-UThough, as a quick summary:The game isn't scary, the janitors and AI for the janitors are annoying and janky, the cat and mouse gameplay is boring, same goes for the puzzles, the ghosts are okay at best and overall the main gameplay loop is mediocre."
,Recommended,466130,34661633,Posted: 1 September,all,Myerax,Great Game!
,Not Recommended,466130,34424932,Posted: 22 August,all,DemoManowar,"It's a good game, and doesn't deserve being stuck with denuvo, much less their publisher not seeing fit to inform the customer of that fact.It's a niche title. People who were interested in it were going to buy it. You only bought yourself bad PR and this review changes accordingly. Remove this failed, already cracked DRM from the game and I will review the actual game for what it is."
76561198058176580,Recommended,466130,34424116,Posted: 22 August,all,asdf,30 minutes into the game and I already♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.
76561198012363895,Recommended,466130,34856913,Posted: 10 September,all,MioCat,Please Chinese ...........
,Recommended,466130,34429529,Posted: 22 August,all,SlyGuyPie,It pret good. Replicates original well enough and is enjoyable.
,Recommended,466130,34423863,Posted: 22 August,all,Non dvcor dvco,loved it ♥
76561198051434921,Not Recommended,466130,34561534,Posted: 28 August,all,ㅇ,h
76561198131672271,Not Recommended,466130,34424505,Posted: 22 August,all,Koyuki Himekawa,This is not Corpse Party stadards. Korean garbage!!... the plot is stupid. Japanese are the best when it comes to stories. Maybe I would've like it if they added Japanese dub. The worst part of this is it force you to play in 1920x1080 I can't play it in 3840x2160 not even 2560x1440 it makes the text so small. Do not buy this game.
