user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198055216902,Not Recommended,466350,24645287,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Fatbeen,"I just completed the game. $15 for a 1-2 hour adventure? I feel ripped off. I will admit, the animation in the game is spectacular, but if I wanted to pay to see art I would go to a gallery.Fossil Echo can be challenging, and I consider myself competent with platform games thanks to the good ol' SNES. However, as the stages progressed, I began to realize some of my deaths were not even my fault. The character likes to forget he's able to cling to ledges and instead falls to his doom. This thing in particular caused much frustration. There are also optional stages (one of which I accidentally skipped) that send you to flashbacks in Momento order. The final flashback (technically the first part of the story) shows what the adventure had all been for with a suspensful cutscene, leading up to the extremely anti-climactic ending that I don't dare give away.All in all, this game is pretty, but needs more content to be worth its price."
76561197985066209,Not Recommended,466350,25532395,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Lapkine [Fr-Ru-Us/Uk],"The greatest flaw of Fossil Echo is also its greatest strength: it is a pretty game with pretty animations. In fact these animations are very pretty and the designers wanted the player to see these pretty graphics so much, the platforming had to adapt to the art.And here lies the heart of the problem: the animations and the platform collisions are clunky, which makes the platforming frustrating and incoherent. You will often expect as you run close to the end of a platform to jump out as you press the jump button, only to open your mouth and rage in anger as your character falls to his death. No you're not insane. Yes you did press the button. My hypothesis is that the game doesn't like that you press the jump button before it finishes its running animation loop, so it has to end it, but by the time it can play the jumping animation, it won't because you're in the air and now Gravity owns you.Add to that:-a poor understanding of progression... (that sequence at the start where you chase the feathers is not just EXTREMELY frustrating, it comes RIGHT AFTER YOU LEARN HOW TO WALL JUMP)-...a poor sense of difficulty balance... (namely thinking of the first jungle temple sequence with the moving platforms, where you have to time your jumps while taking into account descending wall jumps, a moving platform and clunky platforming. I basically uninstalled the game after that point)-...the PRICE... (15 dollars for a bad game, that according to other reviews can be completed in 1-2 hours?!)...and you have a product that is very nice to look at, but horrible to play. If you wanted evidence that art does not make a game, this is it.If you want to play a good platformer with nice art, I highly recommend the recent Rayman games (origins and legends) or Ori and the Blind Forest. Stay away from this."
,Not Recommended,466350,26537770,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Time062,"This game has nice art and music. Sadly, there is no depth to the gameplay.Every stage is simply about timing your jumps, with no sense of progression.The general format is:1. Avoid getting shot by timing your jumps for when enemies are facing the other way.2. Avoid being mysteriously killed by auto scrolling levels.3. Avoid falling to your death by timing your jumps with retractable platforms.The difficulty is purely about split second timing. It's repetitive and bland, and for that reason I cannot recommend this game.If you're looking for alternatives: Rayman Legends & Origins are great platformers (although can be lacking in difficulty), whilst Ori and the Blind Forest is amazing, and can be difficult without relying on timing alone."
,Not Recommended,466350,33252245,Posted: 4 July,all,Celery,"I know the screenshots look pretty, but whether you want a good storyortight gameplay,you'll be deeply disappointed.By the end of the game at approximately the 1-hour mark, the simple and unimaginative story and all its potential side arcs are left unconcluded and unexplained, and there are some ""mysterious"" insinuating visual cues throughout the game that will amount to nothing. A complete waste of time and very unsatisfactory in that regard. The wordless storytelling accomplished nothing except corny gesturing and leaving things in the dark.The gameplay consists of three modes. The first is normal unhurried (and sometimes hurried) platforming that's pretty okay. Then there are obstacle courses that require you to follow some incredibly exact route with very exact timing or you die, and even if you survive some mistake, you probably blew your chance and have to commit suicide anyway. Lastly there are stealth sections with exactly two enemy types that have predictable but annoyingly timed movement patterns. The game gives close to zero room for improvisation and creativity, you just need to do things exactly how the developers envisioned it. And even with the game's very short length, it still manages to be repetitive both in its levels and cutscenes. So boring and frustrating.The makers obviously spent a lot effort creating the background art, but considering that, the characters look lazily designed, the animations are very choppy, and they couldn't even keep the main character's asymmetry (two feathers on therightside of his head) in check: the gameplay sprite is mirrored for both sides, and in one cutscene the feathers momentarily jumped to the left side. All in all, the developers didn't seem to care much about this game beyond impressing people at festivals. Speaking of which, I no longer have much regard for the parties that decided to shower this game with awards."
76561198013128422,Recommended,466350,24395739,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Jurgen Kesker,"I liked the game, but didn't understand much of the lore and ending.It's a beautiful game, with a nice score, and it's hard enough to be challenging. I played with keyboard and later with a Xbox 360 controller.  Besides the basic story that gets revealed at the end, the lore and the imagery and the reason of the tower is something that is not explained very well and left me in the dark. I doubt I will play it again, but for this price you do get a nice platformer with a nice atmosphere."
76561198046311355,Recommended,466350,32664428,Posted: 22 June,all,Khronikos,"I don't really get the mixed reviews for this title. Fossil Echo is a cheap game with a great visual foundation that is at least worth experiencing for no other reason than to marvel at its fascinating art. I will admit the controls probably are not the tightest around, but that doesn't stop the meaningful story and exemplary visuals from providing entertainment. I actually quite enjoyed the challenging platforming.After a while you get used to the controls, and the only thing that takes practice is timing your runs nearly perfectly without fail. This requires patience and precision. But in the end you don't even have to explicitly do the dream sequences--the hardest platforming sections--if you don't want to.I use a -35 to -50 deadzone setting with my DS4 and Input Mapper, but that is no different from Super Meat Boy where I use -50. Steam now has a toggle anyway if you need it. I recommend control tuning for pretty much every game.Anyway, the game is purely gorgeous, has nicely animated cutscenes, and an artstyle that is intuitive to the gameplay and the theme of the game. The themes concern family, moon phases, animals, and other things that pertain to the boy's journey up the guarded tower. I am having a blast going through the worlds.I do think maybe the achievements are a little crazy, but I don't mind having rare ones that very few people will ever attempt. I could not imagine spending the time to go through this game without dying while completing all the temples on Normal anyway. Maybe an Easy mode playthrough would be a bit more accommodating, but I won't be trying that anytime soon. The game simply asks for too much precision out of the player in the later temples for me to even attempt a no death run. And one mistake in timing, which has a very limited duration for your success, and you are done.There are some hidden extra modes if you feel you can beat some of the achievements, and 8-bit mode is simply hidden behind the play it all in one sitting achievement, which is super easy. I feel like the save system, and the occasional missed temple door, are a cause of some players' frustration as you cannot backtrack at all. But once you get the idea of the game, you won't miss any doors. Not too bad here. A challenge for those that really want it.The devs probably marketed this game wrong. They went in thinking this was a game with the clout of something far greater, and you really can't do that these days. FE should have been ten bucks on release, and it should have never released right before the Summer sale. Some of those decisions were just not very thoughtful, and they definitely killed this game in the end if they were thinking about a bigger audience. I have played just about all these art/experience games and Fossil Echo is definitely a memorable one if a little on the rough side.Beyond the complaints this is a classic little gem to me. It has overtones of Miyazaki works, and in bringing back a certain nostalgia for old school platforming it fuses a beautiful world within a time and tone familiar to those that played when this genre was once king.Totally recommended for the cheap price it resides at on sales. I disagree with others saying to skip the game because of controls. It's just a bit challenging in places, and you need to make sure you tune your controller. In reality it's not the controller but the strict requirements of the timing on the platform sections that makes it a bit overwhelming for some. But on a second playthrough it will go much easier once you are familiar with the puzzles.This is the same type of gameplay most of us love in all the other great platformers. It has some issues, but the enchanting soundtrack, mesmerizing visuals, which are a good step ahead of the usual indie, and charming animations all make up for it. I thought the story did everything it needed to do. It's a short game, but it's a sweet experience for around 5-10 dollars. This game is underrated. A damn shame in my opinion."
76561198019193223,Not Recommended,466350,26571031,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Galadhatan,"This game features very appealing music and visuals, but there isn't much more to recommend about the game. The game mechanic doesn't connect with the narrative: the young boy is climbing a tower, and the game reveals the reasons for this in flashbacks, but the ending isn't very satisfying, and the dialogue-less cutscenes don't really add up to a story. The challenges are mildly difficult in a tedious manner - that is, the latter platforms are as hard as the initial, and without any save points, the player has to redo the initial platforms over and over and over again. Between the slight narrative, that ends after very little development and without any satisfying ending, and the tedious game mechanics, the game is a missed opportunity for a lovely litte indie game with nice music, sound, and visual atmosphere.5/10"
76561198038334636,Recommended,466350,30212642,Posted: 26 February,all,Soteria,"Fossil Echo is a pleasant game to play.  The art is good and the music is quite peaceful and relaxing.  One of the few games  I didn't disable the music before finishing the game.  The puzzles manage to be challenging without excessive frustration.  It is short, though, and the story has an ambiguous ending--that could be good or bad depending on your tastes.  One flaw I found was that I had a crash to desktop the second time I beat the game, before the ending cinematic.  When I reloaded, the cinematic played fine."
,Not Recommended,466350,29045756,Posted: 5 January,all,tearfromthered,"This game has a lot of quality : great graphics with an artistic visuals, it offers challenges and variety in gameplay : runner, stealh, platforms, puzzles.... problem is : it through them at you in a very mechanical way, always rotating between 3 variation of gameplay phases. Some of them being kind of easy and some being crazy hard in the bad sort of way : pixel perfect jumps with a strict timing needed, stealh map with only one ""way"" to go through. I couldn't bring myself to go to the end which is sad because the game had great potential"
,Not Recommended,466350,33295419,Posted: 5 July,all,joyrock1,I love indie games but this was an exception. It is the same 3-4 stage designs over and over with very rigid red-light-green-light gameplay. If you don't do exactly as the creators planned you die and try again. Most of your time is spent waiting until the exact moment you're allowed to advance. The character can never decide if he's going to land or grab onto a platform which slows your momentum and causes you to fall off platforms and start over from the beginning. The game is pretty but not fun.
76561197972366861,Recommended,466350,33579079,Posted: 16 July,all,dearinma,"Fossil Echo is a tight rewarding platformer. Frustrating at times but rewarding when you get it right. Which is perfect.I love the soundtrack - pay for it - it is relaxing and very niceThe game is roughly 1 hour+ so buy on sale if you want value vs time. More time is added depending on your platforming / temple times. Temples are extra and hard. I compare them to shorter versions of Donkey Kong Country Returns temples. Once you know the moves you get them easily, but it takes tries to know whats coming.Gameplay makes sense and progresses well. Several levels (and all of the extra temples) require trial and error to complete which is fine. There is nothing unordinarlly hard. I completed several levels avoiding active enemies trying to hurt me. I.E. my stealth sucked and I made it work.The story leaves questions no matter how much you finish but it is interesting. I'm not sure what I accomplished as the main character, but I liked accomplishing it. And the extra achievements. Well most of them. No way I was going to beat the game and all temples without dying."
76561198019217210,Recommended,466350,32887045,Posted: 27 June,all,KJ_Tailor,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game.As most other reviewers I have to say, this game is short; heck it even has an achievement for finishing the story within 45 minutes.But that is not my personal main negative. This game is frustrating!It is a 2D-platformer but unlike it's genre-brethren it is unforgiving to a fault. You missed the platform by half a pixel? Too bad, you die! It has nothing to do with skill, at least not fully, but rather with making absolutely no mistakes. The timing has to be right, the position has to be right, everything has to perfect, otherwise you'll start the level/room anew.Besides this critique, the game is lovely. It has a beautiful art, a strong story that gives you the feels and a wonderful soundtrack.It won't get a 5/7 from me, but it is a solid deal, especially when you buy it on sale ;)"
,Recommended,466350,25462471,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,YellowAfterlife,"Somewhat short but very nice.Game itself is a platformer with stealth and precision elements.Has gorgeous artwork, great audio, and a curious story.Main story itself can be completed in a hour and some. Completing various challenges that the game has adds another few hours. 100%'ing the achievements would take more time and skill.The few things that I didnotlike are:- Slow restarts. Fade-out-restart-fade-in sequence goes for good 5 seconds total, adding some frustration on a few sections with early opportunities for failure.- Doesn't seem like you can revisit challenges - if you skip something (accidentally or out of frustration), you'll only be able to redo that if you do another playthrough from start."
,Not Recommended,466350,25474103,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Vlash,"First I'd like to say that I really wanted to like this game, and I would still kinda recommend it to people who like difficult games that are really short, but also really beautiful. So to some I would recommend it, but to most people no.TL;DR:Great audiovisuals, not so great platforming.Audiovisuals:Let's start with the good: In my opinion this game looks really good. The atmosphere is as thick as the visual style is fantastic! This could easily have been a great children's saturday cartoon in the 90-ies that I would gladly have watched. The four people working on this game are clearly talented artists! It was only after reading the ""making of""-pdf from the special edition that I learned that every scene is pre-rendered. That impressed me more, as the world itself feels so alive.As I'm writing this I'm listening to the soundtrack that also came with the special edition, and it is such a treat. The orchestration is so well done, with violin, flutes, song, and a folk music feeling that fits the south/north-american setting that inspired the game. If nothing else, I'm really glad I bought the special edition just for the soundtrack!Gameplay:So to the not so good part, namely the gameplay. My main gripe is with the insanely short timing window on some of the platforming you have to do. It felt like it was down to mere milliseconds that stood between death and just barely making it through to the next level. Don't get me wrong, I like a good platformer, after all it's what I grew up with on the NES. After recently having played through the excellent Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze or the beautiful Ori And The Blind Forest, I'm sad to say that Fossil Echo just leaves a lot to be desired in the gameplay department. Let it also be said that I do like difficult games, I completed Bloodborne, and I like the Dark Souls-series.In the one hour and 19 minutes it took me to complete the game I died 119 times. In one section alone I must have died at least 40 times in a row, before I got lucky and just barely made it through. This became really frustrating, and I was close to just quitting the game more than once.The temple-levels was so bad with the timing windows, that I skipped all but two of them. I was at least happy that they were optional, but there were plenty of sections that were not. The level design overall wasn't that good, but especially the temple-levels felt bad and bland. :\There are also some auto scrolling levels and stealth levels. I'm not a huge fan of auto scrolling levels, those are easily my least favorite part of any Mario game. In the stealth sections the timing window is a bit better than a lot of other areas of the game, but when you are in the shadows you can't see where you stand, so I died a few times just because I thought an enemy had passed by me, when he in fact hadn't. This would have been easily fixed if it was easier to see where you were in the shadows.If we take a look at the venn diagram again, we have on one hand beautiful graphics that remind me of children's cartoons, and on the other hand you have extremely difficult sections of gameplay, and I feel like these don't overlap. I might be wrong in this though, who knows.Story:There's not so much to say about the story, it's simple and effective. It's completely with any words spoken, so anyone can understand it without any problems. Without spoiling anything, the ending was surprisingly anti-climatic and sadly a let down.The game crashed during the final ending cinematic as well, so I didn't get to see it all, and I didn't get the achievement for completing the game. I turned to youtube to see it, and I got to see the extended ending as well. I tried to start the game afterwards, and it continued from the start of the ending cinematic and this time it didn't crash. I think this was the only bug I found in the game.All that being said, I'm looking forward to seeing what these developers do next! As I said, I think they are extremely talented, so I think their next project could only get better!Pros:Beautiful visuals and art styleEmotional soundtrackSetting and storyCons:Short timing windows made it frustratingLevel design could be betterMy grade: 5/10"
,Recommended,466350,24450445,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Quest,"Overall a really good game.It took me only 1.5 hours to beat it, so heads up there for anyone who is worried about value. However, the game is worth playing through.The controls feel tight and responsive, though there are times in the game where the game can feel a frustrating due to the controls. For example, it feels like the character has a tendency to slide off of edges. Most frustrating is when you are trying to grab onto a small ledge, and the game doesn't recognize that you have grabbed onto the ledge, resulting on an ""unfair"" death.The story in the game is interesting and sweet, though I am not really sure what was the point or what was trying to be said. The game also feels a need to have chalk drawings that show you how to do everything and where to go. These can be helpful, but I'm not sure why they are there. I feel the pacing of the game is a bit off at times or as if the game was missing a few puzzles, but these comment isn't game breaking in any way.The art and sound are beautiful throughout. My biggest complaint with the art is that sometimes (often) it is hard to tell what the Player path is and what the foreground and background elements are. In a couple of puzzles it took some guess work to find out what I was supposed to jump on."
76561198158519161,Recommended,466350,30973544,Posted: 5 April,all,bicasaur,This game is engrossing. It is beautiful. It is difficult in all the right ways. (there is an easy mode too) I love it.
76561198108183039,Recommended,466350,33222229,Posted: 4 July,all,DiabolicalDude,"Very pretty and quaint but is overall pretty ok/goodishStory:You’re a kid climbing a tower. As you go further and further up, you learn the backstory of the kid and why he’s climbing the tower. At the same time, there are some wall paintings that mirror the plot of the game (ish) and show a different small substory. I’m keeping it vague to avoid spoilers.If you’re the type of person to go into the details of the game and look at metaphors and♥♥♥♥♥♥ you’re going to have a lot of material to work with. One thing that this leads to, however, is that there isn’t enough of it because a lot of is hidden by metaphor or is the point of the game. The ending for example, doesn’t really resolve anything literally but can be argued does because of the symbolism. So eh.Gameplay:Simple puzzle platformer where you want to get to the exit of the room. Most of the challenge is accurate platforming which can get VERY precise in moment and requires timing. This is good on most parts but can get extremely annoying because you have to hit it just right. There are other rooms where you have enemies that you can either get around via stealth or by killing some of them. This part is OK and isn’t fleshed out too much.One thing to say is that the game is short so there just not enough gameplay. I could have easily used more levels and it feels like all of the mechanics didn’t get enough levels around themGraphics/Performance: (with a 970, 4790K, 16GB of RAM, SSD)The game and music are just absolutely gorgeous. The models are vibrant and pop and the game overall looks amazing. I just wish the cutscenes weren’t so choppy.Final Thoughts:It’s not a bad little game. However, it really needed more in the gameplay and story to be a real standout."
,Recommended,466350,25677633,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Hunter,"What an adorable game! The music is as soothing as a warm bath, and the artwork is visually exquisite! I found this game through imgur and I am glad I spent the money to get it. This is proof that a casual and laid back game can also be inspiring, challenging, artistically flirtatious and unique in a world of shoot em up games! I haven't had this much fun since Osmos!"
,Recommended,466350,25507031,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,bruxup,"I had the chance to check this game out at PAX West 2016. Fossil Echo is a hand-drawn 2D platformer that rewards players for timing and execution. Some may find the game easy or too short, but I found the difficulty to be challenging, yet fair. The art direction is gorgeous and the emotional soundtrack only compliments the awesome visuals. There are optional courses/levels you can do along your adventure that add additional challenge, but don't hinder your overall progress. It's a great little game that will keep you engaged, provided that frustration doesn't beat your patience. Out of everything I saw at PAX this year, Fossil Echo was one of the most memorable for it's beautiful art style, animation and amazing score. Highly recommended.Nominated for The 2016 “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award."
76561198150401164,Recommended,466350,30675390,Posted: 22 March,all,Nicolai Patrício,"Graphics, animations and music are great! The gameplay is a bit repetitive, but fun and challenging.It's a short game, but I think it has the perfect lenght."
,Recommended,466350,34300034,Posted: 16 August,all,DannyRom,"Fossil Echo is a clever mix of stealth and platforming, with a touching, wordless story and a beautiful soundtrack to boot! A solid adventure well worth the low price tag, and if you're looking for a challenge, there are some very difficult optional areas that unlock additional story-related content. Although the platforming is certainly challenging, the process of restarting is near-instantaneous, with checkpoints from section to section, so you won't lose progress or need to slog too far through easier areas before you arrive at the hard spot. All in all, Fossil Echo is a brief yet thoroughly immersive adventure that I can heartily recommend."
76561198375235327,Recommended,466350,30717730,Posted: 24 March,all,an inconspicuous banana,"This game is beutiful and has a great soundtrack, but it can be incredibly laggy on a computer that handles every 3d game I have ever played. It gets my reccomendation, but barely because the lag seriously interferes with gameplay at times. I hope others don't have this problem."
76561198045540897,Recommended,466350,32713419,Posted: 23 June,all,falconerjoel,"I absolutely loved this game. It was so good, and so much fun. The gameplay, sound design, and music were combined beautifully and seamlessly. It was like the crazy love child of Journey and Brothers. My only complaint is that it wasn't longer. I hope to see a sequel or more from Awaceb. I've already recommended this to all of my friends."
76561198102102583,Recommended,466350,27850172,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lievich,"Great physics and beautiful graphics, make up for problems with gameplay"
,Not Recommended,466350,28196017,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Midnight Phil,"I played this though the first few campfire scenes before stopping. Really, really don't recommend. The graphics are lovely and the music is fitting, but that's about it. The gameplay is tedious, frustrating, and repetitive. The archways with the glowing insignia lead to especially irritating jump sequences and are easy to accidentally pass by without realizing that you can't get back to them once you've walked pass. It feels like the developers wanted to create a short animated film but threw in some nominal gameplay just for the heck of it. If you want to play a well-developed stealth platformer with a great story and graphics, go check out ""Mark of the Ninja"" instead."
,Recommended,466350,25355737,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Eight675Three09,"I just finished the game and I'm working on the second playthrough. I highly recommend it.The story is basic but powerful, told mainly through wordless cutscenes that punctuate the 8 ""levels"" of the tower you are scaling. The music is worth a listen on its own, and the art is the right level of animated in look."
76561198071526659,Not Recommended,466350,28696442,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,WorstProgrammer,"Pro:Good graphicGood audioCon:Sticky control (or there is a hude delay about 0.1 to0.2 sec) when controled with keyboard, did not test with controllerBad checkpoint placement in a few areagame is shortThe sticky control just ruined this game. It might or might not be fine with controller."
76561198124879529,Recommended,466350,24221628,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,empathylouis,"I died 300 times. It's pretty challenging, but I thought the game had great atmosphere. I was a tad confused by the ending (The game is very short if you don't try to accomplish all the temples), but I liked the animation well enough. It was a pretty solid game."
76561197971747888,Not Recommended,466350,26699738,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,creideiki,"This game looks appealing at first glance; a challenging platformer with great art and music. Dig deeper, however, and you'll find a repetitive slog through tedious chasing of pixel perfection with an unclear story.I like challenging platformers where the fun is in figuring out how you're supposed to approach each problem. In Fossil Echo, that part is taken care of for you, since there is only a single obvious path through each room and if you have problems with even that, the level designers have often drawn arrows on the background to point it out to you. All that's left is repeating the same jumps again, and again, and again, and again, until you get each move frame- and pixel-perfect. This is made even worse by the fact that the animations for things like turning and climbing up a ledge are long enough that if you get stuck in one, you have no chance to recover your timing. Failures mean instant death, and there is no saving except when entering a room, so you'll have plenty of time to get intimately familiar with the first couple of moves in each room while struggling with the later parts."
76561198289103905,Not Recommended,466350,26592684,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Zorux,"This game is not eveen finish. Their are lots of mistakes, for example the character likes to forget he's able to cling to ledges and instead falls to his doom."
76561197970182728,Not Recommended,466350,28883345,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,SCATDELA,"This game would probably be fairly fun if the lag issues were fixed, but the way it stands, it's basically impossible to play. You can't time your jumps in the way you should because of the lagging, so you die over and over again in places where you shouldn't have much difficulty. Very disappointed because the game looks good. Too bad the devs haven't fixed the problem."
76561197982599663,Recommended,466350,24192371,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,kidc,This game is beautiful and challenging! Jumping time!Check out my Gameplay Video Below if youd like!https://youtu.be/KYDukOkxwSg
76561198143030878,Not Recommended,466350,24299809,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,blumenleere,"I have 9 minutes of gameplay and I write a negative review nonetheless. Why, because these few minutes were so frustrating that I don't want to play this game ever again (I've already requested a refund).I play Platformers or whatever you want to call it from time to time; I'm no master, but I played many, many games pretty far and never have experienced anything like this in the first minutes. You have some screens to learn how to move. So far so good. Ok, nice mood, I like the music, the graphics etc. Then the real game begins. You have a screen that keeps moving upwards from the first moment you try to reach higher positions. It moves pretty fast for the beginning. If you are not fast enough, you are dead(?) and have to start in the first place. The controls are unforgiving, they are not really bad, but there is not much tolerance. So after about 2 minutes of gameplay (practising), you have to walljump several times (and these goddamn walljumps are far from being easy), then you can't relax, you have to go higher and higher, because the ♥♥♥♥ing screen is killing you if you aren't fast enough. Why?!!! And why does a game start that hard?!!!! At least in my opinion. I feel no motivation to try again.So, be warned, be prepared! (The last time I felt that frustration was in Titan Souls, but there it is cleary part of the game and I liked Titan Souls anyways; this game here totally sucks!)"
