user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198056602470,Recommended,466300,32327896,Posted: 10 June,all,Nome,"One of my old time favorites, one of the best RPG ever.This game is for you if you like:- ambience and game depth- philosophical discussions- weird characters- to use a sharp mindand you do not care that the graphics are not up to date (it's an enhanced edition, not a remake!)This game is NOT for you if you:- do not like to read long descriptions- you prefer quick action and fighting- do not have a morbid sense of humour. your first companion is a floating skull. you wake up in a mortuary. again. get it?Guys, thanks for this release!"
76561197997819311,Recommended,466300,31085224,Posted: 11 April,all,planescaped,"The best book I have ever played, and the best game I have ever read."
76561198031444906,Recommended,466300,32033784,Posted: 28 May,all,Bill Shamrock,"Amazing story and gameplay. As a child I loved this game for the character interaction and the imersive world of Planescape. I spent many hours playing this game completing various quests to find out the meaning of the game, and the meaning of what they want you to know. Torment was one of the greatest parts of my childhood and I will forever remember and imortilze it.  Buy this game if you want to lose yourself in a wonderful world full of adventure.I have always wondered why he was blue on the cover but grey in-game."
,Recommended,466300,31091813,Posted: 11 April,all,El Oshcuro,"Unlike Baldur's Gate and other Infinity Engine games - getting Planescape: Torment modded to perfection and running right on modern hardware was NOT FUN. In fact it was a downright pain in the♥♥♥♥♥Luckily, Beamdog has come through with what is arguably their best Enhanced Edition yet and basically given us everything we could ask for in a modded version of PS: T - right out of the proverbial box.I play flawelessly at 3440x1440 and the game has never run better or looked sharper. Some of the EE graphical options you could take or leave - but quality of life changes to the UI and things like being able to [Tab] to view interactable items and auto-looting are absolute game changers.If you're like me and playing PS:T for the dozenth time since it's release - this is the version to play one more time and get lost in its world all over again.And if you're finally ready to experience the legendary cult classic CRPG you've always heard about - then THIS is the version to buy.What can change the nature of a man? I don't know.But what can change the nature of a classic game? Beamdog.Well done."
,Recommended,466300,32670592,Posted: 23 June,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Originally released in 1999 by Interplay Entertainment and Black Isle Studios, Planescape: Torment is a legendary cult classic among RPG enthusiasts. Picked up later by Beamdog, the same publisher/developer responsible for the outstanding Enhanced Editions of other classic RPGs such as Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale, Planescape: Torment has received the same Enhanced Edition treatment, complete with a remastered soundtrack, native 4K support, and a few more modern features to make gameplay a bit more user friendly.To avoid spoiling any part of this bewitching tale, only a very brief synopsis of the plot basics will be included in this review. You take on the role of The Nameless One, a possibly immortal man whom has awoke with a severe case of amnesia in a grim, zombie-infested mortuary. He is soon approached by a sarcastic, yet witty, floating skull named Morte,  who helps to guide The Nameless One through his confused state, but can this seemingly harmless companion be trusted? Unsure of his past, his name, or even his purpose, The Nameless One and the skull then set off on their ultimate quest of attempting to restore The Nameless One's memory, and figure out just what the foreboding, instruction-like tattooed scrawls on his back mean.The game takes place within the Planescape multiverse of the Dungeons and Dragons universe, a setting that entails various planes of existence; though do not let that deter you if you know little to nothing of the classic board game. Planescape: Torment does an absolutely stunning job in conveying both basic and detailed information about the vast and seemingly endless world that it takes place in; I went in with virtually no knowledge of this realm, and I feel as though I could now write a book on it. However, if getting to know the lore so in-depth is not your thing, a great feature of this game is being able to sink your teeth into it as shallow or as deep as you prefer.It's true that you can lose yourself for hours at a time when becoming immersed in just the setting of Planescape: Torment alone, but each of the characters are equally as memorable, and most of them have intricate backgrounds. During your long and difficult journey, you will meet many, many people; some of which will become companions if given the chance, others are there simply for conversation sake, and some you will run optional errands for. This again boils down to how deep you wish to dive into this adventure, to which it is whole-heartedly recommended to let go of reality completely and sink all the way to the bottom of the countless fathoms of this story.If you choose to totally immerse yourself, you can expect to get anywhere from 40-50 hours out of this title, though it also depends on how quickly you read. It's best to not go in to the game expecting an RPG full of battles, but rather to expect a ratio of about 90% reading, 10% fighting. Most of the combat is reserved for the much later portion of the story, and even then it's still not a primary focus. There are boss battles, but the combat and loot system are primitive at best, a bit boring at worst, though this feature should not be your deciding factor on whether or not you decide to play Planescape: Torment; simply be aware that this is a heavily story based title. Despite a lacking combat system, you are able to choose between three classes for The Nameless One; mage, fighter, and thief. As for any RPG, leveling up and attribute points are also included.Aside from all of that, in typical Dungeons and Dragons manner there is a karma system. It's not overly complex by any means, being comprised of the Lawful, Chaotic, Neutral, Good, and Evil rankings. At any given time, depending on your actions and interactions, you can be Lawful Neutral, Lawful Good, Lawful Evil, Chaotic Neutral, Chaotic Good, or Chaotic Evil. If you're new to this kind of karma system, it's best to let either the game or a search engine explain it to you, but it's quite basic. Your overall karma level will determine how people around you react to you, including your companions, so it does make a difference. As well, the companions that you keep with you throughout the game will make a difference in some dialogue and interactions, especially during the end game content.There are hundreds, if not a thousand or more, unique dialogue interactions. The possible and neigh infinite conglomeration of their branches means that replay value here is extremely high. Not only do you talk to dozens of people throughout the campaign, it's also good to speak with your companions from time to time to get their input on things; they may even reveal more of their backstory to you over time, if you treat them well enough. There are also a couple of different endings to attain, and even replaying the ending alone has a ton of story-based benefits. While on the subject, the last dying breaths of the game are just as renowned as the rest of the title, and it fills the player with a deep sense of completion and satisfaction no matter the final outcome.So, should you play Plansecape: Torment? Beyond any possible shadow of a doubt, absolutely yes. That is, so long as you want to experience one of the best and most detailed fictional stories ever written. It's a tale that your mind will keep summoning back to you while you're working, stuck in traffic, or completing other mundane tasks. The characters are unforgettable, and even if you happen to take a couple weeks off to play something else in the meantime you will not have forgotten a single thing about this title by the time that you return; unlike many other RPGs where you have no clue where you left off at, it's just that remarkable. There is not enough praise in the world for Planescape: Torment, and it's certainly not an experience that you should rob yourself of.Rating:5.0/5.0- An astonishing achievement, this game must be played.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,466300,31228423,Posted: 18 April,all,Pfc. Quick [70th ID],"I've played a fully modded GOG version of Planescape: Torment and within 5 minutes of playing this Enhanced Edition version, I can say that the clear winner goes to the Enhanced Edition because of the following Quality of Life improvements:1) Tab reveals all interatable objects with subtle icons to indicate which interaction will happen if object is clicked on2) Mouse scrollwheel WORKS, which is SO GREAT for such a dialogue heavy adventure3) The popup dialogue boxes when examining objects aren't center screen, but hover above the objects4) Alt+Tab toggling without any issues5) Other programs or Desktop icons no longer occasionally flicker into view6) The sound hasn't cracked or glitched yet7) The HUD and icons are super polished and are set to the perfect size and resolution8) Game is super polished, but will only become more polished over time"
76561198055017547,Recommended,466300,31086593,Posted: 11 April,all,Kasiornis,"You've seen a lot of games. You've also watched games like movies.But did you ever read a game like a book? And each of your choices opens a new, probably unique chapter.And you can read it again and again, each time discovering something new.This is a definition of true classic RPG.One of the best ones ever made.The best, by my opinion.And a definitely good remaster."
,Recommended,466300,31453461,Posted: 29 April,all,Luisfius,"This game really updates my journal.Beamdog added zoom functionality, and that alone makes it worth getting for me.There are still some issues, such as Drusilla disappearing once you are done with the Smoldering Corpse, or the fight with the Many-As-One  requiring you to get out of the room and going back in again, but it is in general a pretty damn good remaster.Not having to fiddle with several WEIDU mods to get a bigger font, widescreen support, and ZOOM FUNCTIONALITY (seriously, that♥♥♥♥♥♥is important for me) as well as a lot of big and small quality of life improvements made it a no-brainer for me, even though I already had two different digital versions (one in GOG, one in gamersgate that came with all the infinity engine games + temple of elemental evil) as well as a physical one.Also, achievements. Kind of nice. Maybe I will end up  badging this one.As far as the game goes, it is an Infinity Engine game. The Icewind Dale games are all about the combat, this one is  ALL about dialog and storytelling.Baldur's Gate is kind of in the middle of both.Combat still sucks, but this is one of the most engaging titles with one of the most unique settings I have seen (yeah, it is still D&D, but it is POSSIBLY the second weirdest setting, after spelljammer). I cannot recommend Torment highly enough."
,Recommended,466300,31145385,Posted: 14 April,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"Planescape : Torment needs no introduction.You may have heard things like "" It's the ""best CRPG ever made"".  Slight hyperbole, perhaps ( I would argue that it's more effective as a story than a game),  but nevertheless it has cemented itself as one of the most memorable and unique RPGs ever released on the personal computer.So along comes Beamdog,  who have a reputation for snapping up old Infinity Engine games and refurbishing them.  I have mixed feelings about Beamdog as a company ...  on one hand, they are allowing me to relive some of the high points of gaming from my youth.  On the other, they are adding a mere handful of improvements to widely loved games and cashing in on the nostalgia that surrounds them, often contributing very little of their own to justify the price tag.I feel that this is Beamdogs' best work so far,  exactly *because* it adds so little.   In their ""enhanced' launch of the Baldur's Gate series they attempted to inject original NPCs, and add original story content which just came across as hamfisted and unnecessary.  Here they have stuck with the barebones,  allowing the original Torment story to shine, and let's face it, when you have a story as incredible as Torment's, that's a VERY good thing.  The improvements they have added are mostly welcome, offering support for more resolutions, better UI, and pathfinding improvements among other things.  None of it is essential, but it all comes together to make the game a bit more palatable for modern audiences.My previous caveat still applies of course.  $20 may be abit too much to ask for such an ancient game, and this is mostly going to appeal to old Infinity nerds like me who thrive on Nostalgia.  But if you're a fan of RPGs with great storytelling, do yourself a favor and try this out.It may be the best version of Torment out there."
76561198025480072,Recommended,466300,32225780,Posted: 6 June,all,Corchopán Jack,"This game might be old as sin and it may have a terrible Enhanced Edition (Meaning it doesn't fix some of the game's original bugs and don't really offer much new options that would be really appreciated like AI configuration for NPCs just like BG2EE allows), but it's still one of the best god damn written games in the story of gaming.You like stories, you play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, that's it."
76561198088776362,Recommended,466300,32762752,Posted: 25 June,all,Draconis,"""What Can Change the Nature of a Man?""*Webster's New English Dictionary*Role-playing Game-noun1. Planescape TormentI have lived my whole life up to this point thinking that Baldur's Gate 2 was the best RPG story there is. Before the Enhanced Edition went on sale, I had just played the original version of Planescape Torment for the first time, 18 years after release. I have no excuse for waiting this long to play it, but it doesn't matter, this is a timeless classic.This is the very definition of RPG. In the 90s, when RPGs were mostly focused on gameplay, Planescape Torment dared to make an RPG with a heavy focus on narrative. That should sound familiar to modern day gamers, because Planescape Torment is the model that has been followed by almost every RPG that has been made since. But few have done it as well. Especially considering the fact that while this games' focus is on story, it retains fantastic gameplay, almost as good as Baldur's Gate 2 or Icewind Dale, its videogame half brothers.Most of us *know* what it's like to wake up on cold stone with a splitting headache after a night out cracking too many cold ones with the boys. Add brilliant dark-fantasy lore and some dark humor to the worst hangover you've ever had and you get the premise for the story in Planescape Torment, except it's even worse. Instead of your bathroom floor, you rise from the dead in a mortuary, to a romantic poet that happens to be a floating skull (like I said, morbid, dark humor) at the center of the multiverse, in Sigil, the city of doors, that has portals to every plane of existence you've ever heard of.With no knowledge of who you were in life, no knowledge of your own name, and a cast of bizzare companions, none of which are human, though some of them possibly used to be, you must learn secrets of your past, discover who you are and where you came from, and who the scumbag is who decided to curse you, steal your mortality, and leave you for dead.It may seem like it's going to have a predictable ending, especially if you're familar with other famous stories about amnesiacs, (such as KoToR, or the Bourne films and Memento) Let me help you by saying this game will end in ways that you don't expect, and like any good RPG, it has multiple endings, based on your actions. It's got great gameplay, DnD party-based strategy that comes close to being as good as Baldur's Gate 2, and it's loaded with great quests, and the way you solve even the tiniest of fetch quests could become one of the many *Regrets* that you will have by the end of the game.The Witcher 3 can Pike off, in comparison to the writing in Planescape Torment, Witcher 3 sounds like a children's story. And if that isn't enough to convince you, *know* that this game has vastly better gameplay too.In *knowing* that this game is more of an interactive novel, you will *know* that this game is for stimulating pleasures of a psychological nature, rather than pleasures of the physical. And in *knowing* these teachings, your video game taste will become stronger.The flames grow within the old masterpieces like Planescape Torment, now that it has made it to Steam, finally. If you're waiting to play this game, have patience, and *know* that time is not your enemy, forever is. Whether you would die to play a great RPG with top-notch writing, or you would only feign death, you *must* play this game... while you still can. The Circle must come to a close. Once it does, will this game really *matter* to you? It will matter to you more than life. Many games have been played across many lifetimes, but none have writing has good as this one.It's dark, it's gripping, it's deep, it's philosophical,It's Planescape Torment.Pros-story 11/10Best writing the gaming industry has to offer.-gameplay 9/10complicated, replayable, dynamic. Most fights will force you to strategize, and the spell effects are mesmerizing by 90s graphics' standards. Some spells even get their own cut-scene. Few modern gameplay systems can boast of that level of artistic detail.-world 11/10The best fantasy setting there is, it's got richer lore than Middle-earth, and it's as interesting as it is weird.-atmosphere/immersion 9/10Despite being an old-top-down and more of an interactive book, somes sequences in this game will make you actually *feel* like you are on another plane of existence, because of the sound effects, (for its time) gorgeous graphics, and a good soundtrack.Cons-you can't form a full party of 6 for most of the game, and that certainly was disappointing and it annoyed me, but that falls into the category of nit-picking, and is is really all I can think of in the way of ""cons.""-Side-content 0/10There isn't any really. The side-quests in Sigil count as part of the main story because many of them have an impact on your character recovering knowledge and memories. Everything is a part of only one long, but fantastic, linear main-quest. This is the only reason this game remains secondary to the few RPGs that are better, such as Baldur's Gate 2, because There is no room for '2' in the world of 1's and 0's.Don't question if this is the best RPG ever made, because there is no place for 'mayhap' in a house of trues and falses. So to avoid ""mayhap"", you may *know* that this is certainly one of the best, even though it is not THE best.To the upcoming BioWare or Obsidian RPG that will hopefully have as good story as this game... ""I shall wait for you in Deaths halls, my love.""And to the million-life question ""What can change change the nature of a man?"" The answer is, this game.10/10-and in case you were wondering, this review has 100 subtle references to quotes from the game, that you will recognize once you have done yourself a favor and played it.""If you haven't played Planescape: Torment, the Enhanced Edition leaves you no excuse""-pcgamer.com"
,Recommended,466300,31097185,Posted: 12 April,all,Zhev,"More or less the same, I'm just thankful this masterpiece made it to steam."
76561197996815664,Recommended,466300,32305567,Posted: 9 June,all,Kyle,"In *knowing* the teachings of Zerthimon, I have become stronger."
76561197969749884,Recommended,466300,31260461,Posted: 20 April,all,Sarkoth,"Planescape: Torment is hands down the best RPG which has ever been made. Period. It has more content to read than the Lord of the Rings, it has more depth and philosophical value than most other RPGs, it deliberately breaks each and every ""fantasy RPG trope"" by doing things differently. Fantasy means swords? Nope, there's no swords in PS:T. The hero always is  chivalrous and if the game has choices, you can also at the same time be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥? Nope, in PS:T you can not only actually roleplay being one of the most mentally sick devils in the entire multiverse, but you can be several shades of anything and everything. Every single quest, even simple fetch quests have at least three outcomes, more complex quest chains can have up to five or seven, affecting later parts of the game in regards to how characters treat you. And that from a game from 1999! Do you remember killing rats in any other RPG? If yes, be prepared to see the tables turned, cranium rat swarms being one of the most dangerous enemies of the entire game. And the list goes on and on and on. There is no single cliche character in PS:T. There is no single line of dialogue which is written badly. There is exceptionally good quest and character design, lore, visual variety and all the things every RPG enthusiast ever wanted to have in games since they played PS:T for the first time, because truth be told, there are no RPG enthusiasts which can rightfully claim to be one, which haven't played PS:TIn the last almost 20 years I have met many RPG-fans who never heard of PS:T, but I haven't ever met anyone invested in RPGS who played and disliked it. Not one single time and there is a reason for that.I could ramble on forever, but Planescape: Torment is more than just my personal favourite game of all time, it is a legacy. And after Tides of Numenara being unable to follow in its footsteps sufficiently, it still remains the best RPG of all time. I sincerely thank Beamdog for making this playable in 4k without having to mod everything and having compatibility issues. PS:T is the one single game I will get back to every couple of years even although I remember every single quest, because even after so many playthroughs, I still haven't seen all possible outcomes for some of the quest chains and there is still more to explore.11/10 would play an immortal nameless dude again."
76561198144365023,Recommended,466300,31151183,Posted: 15 April,all,rado907,"+ Installs from Steam in 10 min with a single click.+ Glorious HD with zoom and other quality-of-life improvements.+ As good as (almost) 20 years ago. Great story, music, dialogues, and characters.- Some crashes. But load times are so quick that the crashes were not a problem.- Not as long as Baldur's Gate. (PST took me 20 hours to finish; BGI 30 hours; BGII 60 hours.)- Combat and encounters not so great.9/10,  recommended.P.S. Would enjoy seeing a remaster of Icewind Dale II."
,Recommended,466300,34412211,Posted: 22 August,all,DirtyHarry,"Every good thing you've ever heard about this game is true. I wondered after all these years if it could be as great as I was hoping for it to be. It was and then some.I still recall picking this up off a retail store shelf in a big box and buying it in 1999. It's funny that I would remember this. I cannot recall any other time I bought a particular game back then but I think the box art with The Nameless One made an impression on me. I had never heard of it before seeing it that day. So, I resolved to get around to it sometime soon. Well, multiple purchases of this game and many years later... sometime finally came along and tonight I completed it. This just goes to show that when I say, ""I'll get to it."" I really will, eventually. If only my ex-wife were here to see me now! Oh, well.Anyway, if you are reading feedback here and for whatever reasons, someday hasn't come along yet for you and Planescape Torment, don't wait as long as I did. Enjoy this excellent updated edition of one of the better classic crpgs ever made with one of the best stories ever told in a videogame.Lastly, on the technical side I played this on about as low end a PC as will run Windows 10 I think and not only was performance fine but I found the game to be very stable with minimal bugs and no serious issues."
,Recommended,466300,31826916,Posted: 18 May,all,Lynx,"This is the only Game i've ever played that lives up to the term ""Role Playing."" I cannot give this game a high enough Rating. It is my all-time favorite.  If you thought Mass effect 2 gave you real complex and throughtful choices with real sotry rewards, this game will blow you away.But let's start with the Cons+ This is a very old game, and it shows. The Graphics are Primitive. The Game-play is not well balanced, and there is a very steep learning curve. Many Players will want to look up guides or walkthroughs to help with this complex and sometimes unintuative Game.+ The game is definately on the darker more philisophical side and it's extreemely wordy. If you don't want to sit down and read a novel, this is not the game for you.+ The game-play can be difficult. It's a  turn-style combat with a running clock (final fantasy 7 meets Starcraft) It simulates real time, and expects you to hit pause constantly in order to acomplish anything.+ The game is a 2d top down squad based adventure game. Think Icewind dale, or baulders gate, but it's one of the most primitive in the bunch. Small views, that stay close to the characters, and pixilated Sprites.The Good stuff+ This was the first game to invent an in-game reason for why you come back to life after you die. Simply said, you play an imortal who is trying to find out whyhe can't die. When you do loose a life, you simply wake up where all the bodies are dumped.+ The story is incredible, and cannot be fully explored in less than three playthroughs. There are several completely differnt endings, an increidibly detailed and interesting word, and more secrets to find than were inside pandora's box.+ The writing is all about the nature of humanity, and phlosophy.+ There are real consequences to your actions, and your character can truly choose to be good, evil, reckless or cautious with real in game benefits. The  tracks your personality choices, and gives you differnt results if you play a character with a consistant personality or instead just do whatever you feel like at the time somewhat roandomly.+ The Plot of the game is extreemely compelling. At every stage of the game you have a clearly defined goal, a fun new place to explore, new people to get to know, and your own peronsal plot is heavily tied into the events of the world. You never feel disconnected from the setting, even though your character is clearly lost and alone.+ The coolest powers, spells and characters i'v ever met in any game. Everythign is flavorful, and not quite like you'd expect from a fantasy game.But the real rason to play this game?I've never played anything else that even comes close to making me feel like i had a real effect on the NPCs, and the Game world, while also havng the freedom to be exactly the kind of badass i wanted to be. I can summon the powers i want, and do the things i want to do.I paid full price. It was worth more. 9/10"
,Recommended,466300,31167577,Posted: 15 April,all,Real exile hours,"Without a doubt the best RPG ever made.Planescape: Torment: Enhanced Edition is filled with quality of life improvements, and will be enjoyable for new Planescape: Torment players and old ones alike.Support this, get this game.*Know* that this game is worth getting."
,Recommended,466300,31113844,Posted: 13 April,all,Vichan,"The Enhanced Edition of Planescape:Torment is a solid remaster of the original and arguably Beamdog's best EE product.Of all the Infinity Engine games PS:T is the one that needed a facelift the most. Unofficial resolution patches did a lot to mitigate this but it even at the best of times it was pretty janky with the UI staying in the original resolution. I consider the support of higher resolutions and the revamped UI to be PST:EE's best features with a lot of small QOL improvements added. (There is now a search feature in which you can type keywords in order to bring up specific journal entries for example)There are also a ton of bugfixes, some coming straight from the unofficial PS:T fixpack. Beamdog asked the modder's permission in order to do so, they also asked for permission to use PST: Unfinished Business but they ultimately decided not to use it. The only new content that was added are new journal entries and ability descriptions, all of them were written by Chris Avellone.People new to PS:T can safely buy this version and experience the definitive version of a classic with an unmatched narrative and an intriguing world. Long-time fans can rest assured that Beamdog has done everything in their power to update the game while keeping the things we love about the game intact.TL;DR: Everyone even remotely interested in storydriven games should give this game a try."
,Recommended,466300,31549953,Posted: 4 May,all,Tube Klebe,"Buy it and play it. Best writing in video game history.Build advice: You get the most out of the game/story as a INT/WIS Mage, but do whatever you want."
,Recommended,466300,31158035,Posted: 15 April,all,Hexer,"This masterpiece might be disguised in the form of a video game and thus many might miss it..But for those that give it a chance, it might very well impact their lives unlike anything else.For me it was in the form of a lifelong interest in creativity, arts, philosophy and theology.This game was a medium that hooked me into a world of infinite possibilities and made my life more colorful.Give it a chance and it might do wonders for you too!"
,Recommended,466300,34983375,Posted: 15 September,all,Randy,"I don't have any Nostalgia for this one. I just finished the game for the first time. This game is amazing. I would easily rank it among my top 3 RPGS, maybe even my number 1 pick.  The story is very good for a video game, The setting and world are fantastic. It does have some flaws but if you can overlook those flaws you're in for a real treat.I can't recommend this title enough."
76561198045520478,Recommended,466300,31333731,Posted: 23 April,all,FVTVRST,"For anyone looking for a review from the perspective of a person who has never played the original planescape, here it is.  This is single handedly one of the best CRPGs I have played.  If you're a person who looks for satisfying combat and depth in games, like myself; there are better CRPGs out there (Icewind Dale and Pillars of Eternity are good examples).  The combat scenarios are all rather dull and are usually just trash mobs thrown at you in large numbers.  I found myself just chugging health potions rather than trying to utulize my party to their full potential.  But, combat problems aside.  The story managed to grab on to me, and hold me all the way to the end.  I am generally the person who puts story second in games, and tends not to pay attention to it.  So I was naturally weary when I read reviews saying ""The best game I ever read"" and ""This is a really good book"".   But jesus, you're going to want to read every bit of text you get in this game.  Length for me on normal difficulty was around 20hrs or so, but im positive I didnt do everything in it.  Some reviews have said this game could take up to 50hrs, but I am unsure."
,Recommended,466300,31101129,Posted: 12 April,all,Justinian,"Don't let Beamdog's previous efforts disuade you - this is a remaster done right. Right away, you'll notice fantastic upgrades to the UI, while still maintaining it's style and graphics from the original. No amateur art here! The customisation options are excellent and really make sense for a modern experience. The game plays smoother than the original and the mouse control feels much more precise. In terms of the gameplay, it's completely unaltered and there have been no changes to dialogue, which is what everyone wanted to see.This is by far the most definitive PS:T experience right now. Get it."
,Recommended,466300,32954343,Posted: 28 June,all,Morte,"I was very weary of starting this game because I'd heard so much about it. The problem with having high expectations is that very few things meet those expectations and this game was the king of high expectations. I'd tried it a few times and if I found any sort of glitch I'd just stop, honestly speaking I was looking for an excuse not to play.Then I got myself a PS4 Pro and ended up buying and playing Psychonauts, another highly lauded game. Psychonauts was excellent, a bit dated in terms of geometry but I mean it is unquestionably one of the most unique experiences I've come across. So Planescape Torment: Enhanced Edition gets announced and I swallowed my pride and bought it as soon as I could get my hands on it.The game for the most part ran flawlessly for me and in fact it ran flawlessly on my Ultrawide monitor which is pretty good considering a lot of major games don't do Ultrawide justice(I'm looking at you Overwatch). They also added the tab highlight function so pressing the tab key highlights everything you can click on. Then there is the area loot function which allows you to loot everything within a small radius. I made use of both and appreciated the features.The game wasn't without it's glitches or bugs but this game still ran very well. I mean it probably takes Bethesda 3 years of patches to get to the state that this game was in during the first version, so nothing of particular note there. UI has been improved and the zoom function isn't the biggest thing in the world but it doesn't hurt either. It's basically in pretty good working order.The graphics were largely untouched and I wasn't really sure if that was a good thing because the game looks so terribly dated. After playing the game however and without going into any spoilers, moving about a little in the world, I kind of came to the conclusion that this game was made to look the way it is as a design decision and when you venture into other parts of the world you will see the contrast. It has a sort of grimness and hopelessness that permeates the world which is interesting because fantasy titles tend to have bad guys that grin widely but you don't get a bad guy that for example that has a toe fungus or tooth decay, very real things that happened to people in the past. The game wears it's  aesthetic like a suit and the environment reaks of decay and squalor, everything kind of blends together and it can be very disorientating and confusing because you have no grasp of time or place.Anyway before I end up writing a review longer than the game is, it's basically an old school isometric RPG that focuses heavily on story. The writing is incredibly dense and sometimes it feels like the game is just spinning it's wheels without going anywhere. The game intentionally tries to disorientate you and it pushes and pulls on your ideas of morality and what it is to be a human being. I thought it was very well written, I mean the problem with being arty farty about things is you end up sounding arty farty. This wasn't a game trying to be intelligent but showing it's true self through shallow platitudes or a game that is trying to make you feel intelligent by giving you simple questions and then answering them definitively making you feel smart for being right. This game is a mind♥♥♥♥ and it's really well put together.Reason I avoided playing this game was simply because I used to read a lot and everybody knows books have the best stories. I looked at games like classical music, it was a sort of sandbox that allowed you to act out your inclinations. I avoided most of the story heavy RPG's for a couple of decades which is why this went under my radar.Having played it, at first I felt it was a good story. Then when I travelled the world a bit more and realised how incredibly varied it was and the clever way the developers built the levels in terms of geometry, lighting, colour palette etc it just started happening for me, this game was something special. Then the last 3 or 4 hours really sealed the deal.I always say time is the greatest test for anything and I don't know if I will really look back in 10 or 20 years and look at this as being one of those moments where you just sort of ""get it"", whereas the week before you are thinking all those fancy art people are morons but this week, you are in the same boat. I've had those moments very rarely and never with a game.This game won't be for everybody, people like different things, it'd be a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ world if that wasn't the case. However if you are one of those people that can't shut up about MRBTongue's BladeRunner video or you insist on carrying a copy of The Book of the New Sun everywhere you go with you just in case the unthinkable happens, you might just be one of those weirdos that has an ""ohhh, so thats what that feels like"" moment with this game. I'll get back to you in 10 or 20 years on whether or not this game went down as an artifact I will guard with my life but right now there's not enough I can say to do this game justice and I won't even attempt it. Try it."
,Recommended,466300,33324061,Posted: 6 July,all,vbonkoski,"What in the hell is this game...I owned this game as a teenager many years ago, I have tried to play this game multiple times over the years and have never really gotten into it. For some reason in the last year I have really gotten into the Infinity Engine games(BG, IWD)  so I have decided to give Planescape another whirl.I am almost 20 hours into this playthrough; and I find myself living in my own little world of Torment. Absolute anguish that this will be the only time I get to experience this game for the first time.I have no doubt that I will never get to play another game of this quality. Quite frankly it makes me realize how underwhelming modern RPGs really are.The characters, the lore, the story....This is the videogame equivalant of a symphony. A damn masterpiece.I implore you, if you try to play this game, go into it with an open mind. Try your best to avoid spoilers and hints. This is a one of a kind experience."
,Recommended,466300,31126045,Posted: 13 April,all,sammomy,"No, there is no better rpg, this the crownjewel of a golden era.Western rpg kinda died after Origins stopped building worlds, but rose again like a phoenix through the work of black isle studios. In the east Final Fantasy had their finest hour with VI & VII and in the background Bethesda  was hammering away at something called Morrowind.I played most of them to death, and the best all had something in common : there was gameplay, stories, tactics and humor, but there was undeniably an undercurrent that had more to say about the world we live in and how to look at it. Between the lines you can pick up how the creators thought about aspects of religion, politics and comments on how the world was utterly nuts and sometimes plain wrong.As this is slowly turning into a rant I'll stop now. Recommending this game is no problem, but if you will like it is a different question. Planescape Torment plays like Baldur's gate but comparing the two is like comparing ghost & goblins with R-type, or space invaders with donkey kong. If that doesn't make sense, that's ok, neither do the anarchists.The characters (lady of pain, main char, the mice, Ravel, etc...) and the setting betray a real overload of ideas- A ""plane"" atop a battlefield that serves as a recruiting ground for said battle;- The war that is never shown but permates through every conversation, touches the life of everyone and is central to so many events;- A city/world that is choke-full and overflowing with ""magic"" and still nobody is happy and it all looks like one big pile of rubbish.- You become good/evil/neutral because of your actions (and words), not because you put in the stats.Nope, there is no better rpg. Everyone on the planet says so, except maybe you, but that's your problem now."
76561198000385268,Recommended,466300,31207120,Posted: 17 April,all,[LINUX]oldrocker99,"I run Linux with Wine, and had manaaged to cobble a widescreen display.  The EE's resolutioin is a blessing, and more of the background can be seen than in the original game. It's been unobstrusively improved, but only the interface, really. It's still thebestRPG ever. despite a certain current game trying to recapture the magic in its name.I didn't mind one bit paying $20 for another copy, and was delighted to find that the Wisdom 18, Intelligence 18, and Charisma 13 will still enable most of the game's amazing content.There is no recommendation higher than P:T on my list."
76561197980267638,Recommended,466300,31089944,Posted: 11 April,all,Bolt-Action Lynx,"Great remaster with many nice quality of life features/improvements while still preserving all the elements that makes the original a classic, what's not to love?Also works flawlessly on Linux as well."
76561198099264994,Recommended,466300,31090980,Posted: 11 April,all,bdemers76,"If you've played the original and lost your discs or can't get it to run, don't hesitate to get the Enhanced Edition. Playing this game feels just like playing the original with just a larger field of view. It's a great story full of interesting characters and bizarre locales. It's a pity that the Planescape setting wasn't used for more games because it works in so many ways.If you've never played the original or any of the Baldur's Gate or Icewind Dale games, you should still love this game. The mechanics are easy to understand and given the age of this game there is a wealth of information available online should you need it. You may find the visuals or the combat clunky compared to today's RPGs but just remember this is still essentially the same game from years past. Given the popularity of retro gaming and the love affair with 8-bit graphics, this game truly shouldn't seem too out of place in today's market. It's a sure win for nostalgia and should likely score high with retro gamers.It's great to play a classic game with an updated interface and not having to worry about hunting down mods. Yes, you can get it for cheaper elsewhere. Yes, it's not exactly the same as the original. I'll take the simplicity of this version any day though.Don't get caught up in the trolling over this game. There's no agenda in this game. Just get it, and enjoy (or enjoy all over again) one of the best-written RPGs ever."
76561198000691197,Recommended,466300,34638000,Posted: 31 August,all,Lopeth,"At first I was very skeptical. However, this enchanced version proved to be the best enhanced edition released by beamdog up to date. The game itself is still the best rpg of all time, no argument about that.What can change the nature of a great game ?Nothing."
76561198152872531,Recommended,466300,31762305,Posted: 14 May,all,teknifix1,"I first played this game years ago.  I own the 4CD version, and the GOG 2disc version, and now this one.  I love this game.  I love the story, I enjoy the characters, the interactions and the humour.  The enhanced version doesn't take anything away from the original charm, it merely polishes the interface.  I cannot recommend this enough.  It's on my top 5 games I've ever played list."
76561198014157371,Recommended,466300,33606269,Posted: 17 July,all,aykeem,"If you like your RPGs more on the action side, with a complex combat system, dungeon crawling, weapon/armor hunting, then this game might not be for you. It is extremely heavy on dialogue, exploring, travelling and fetching items. It turns a lot of the tropes of the genre completely on their heads and goes for a heavy role-playing experience.However, the universe is engrossing and the story is one of the most unusual I have ever seen in a video game. The themes are very dark, violent, depressing at times, thought-provoking. The main character's amnesia and immortality are used extremely well throughout the game, I'm now nearing the end of the first playthrough and still haven't got the whole picture of who or what The Nameless One is or what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on.Even if all the reviews are saying it's a masterpiece and a must-play, this is not a game for everyone. However, if you are at that point in life where you're asking yourself questions of the more philosophical nature, this game might just shake up your world view a bit."
76561198048541273,Recommended,466300,31889683,Posted: 21 May,all,archaurore,"This game is one of my favorite cRPG's of all time. I was a huge fan of Bioware and Black Isle back in the day and I bought all of their isometric games and their expansions. I got Planescape: Torment as soon as it came out. I played P:T so much that I managed to scratch the third disk and the game would no longer load after a point. I'm very glad to have come across this version not least because I'm on Ubuntu nowadays but I don't have to freakin' change disks anymore! Let's get to the review!So is the Enhanced Edition really different from the original game? No, it isn't: it tidies up the interface, adds some nice things to game play, such as zooming and an 'autoloot' that is really more like a loot-all-corpses-in-your-immediate-area ability that you can toggle on and off. It looks like the graphics were also tidied up as was the quality of the character sounds. That's pretty much it for the really noticeable aspects. Thankfully, the rest of the game has not been changed as far as I can tell.For those who haven't tried this game yet, what is this all about? Planescape is an oddity because it takes place in a world, or rather a series of worlds, where belief and will are the most important forces. What are the worlds? They are the heavens, the hells and everything in between. Not only is this game about belief and will but it also heavily involves death/life, memories, regret and of course torment.The great positives of the game are the characters, the story, the secrets, freaky people and non-people, the weird objects, the zones of the game, the art and the really unique feel. It's a glorious game where most of the time is spent exploring and learning about Planescape and the odd situation the main protagonist finds himself in rather than beating the snot out of monsters.The characters your protagonist picks up along his way are all unique and a little bit zany. They have unique items, some of them have unique abilities and they have some of the most developed character stories I've ever come across in any RPG. They also interact often with each other as much as with the main character.Though there are only four classes available (mage, fighter, priest and thief), there are both dual class and multi-class options. The classes have also been tweeked to fit the P:T environment: for example mages have the ability to buff much like priests do and there are spells in this game that don't exist in 'canonical' 2nd edition AD&D.There is a lot of replay value from trying out good, evil, neutral, chaotic and lawful choices and of course the different factions that exist in Sigil, the main city. The main character can also grow in several different ways that also adds to replay value. That's the thing about Nameless One: he really grows!The negatives are the fact that there are only four classes available, which is rather limiting. The weapon and armor choices are also rather limited. Want to put a sword on Nameless One if he's a basher? Well tough, you can't!There are some bugs that have been carried over from the original. If you're not careful, you can mess up your game like I did 4 hours in. I left an important item on the ground (a note that I mistook for an unimportant note because they share the same icon), quit game at some point, reloaded, went back to get it when I realized my mistake and discovered it was gone. There are also some old bugs that cause some scripted stuff to get stuck and reqiuire a reboot of the computer. Fortunately it only happened once so far to me since playing this version but I remember this happening back in the day too.Lastly, this is only single player unlike the other Infinity Engine games so you're roped into the NPCs the game gives you though there is a little bit of choice in that there are more NPCs than party slots available. If you want to play with a buddy, you're out of luck, Fortunately, unlike in the BG games, none of the NPCs are duds: they're all pretty good at what they do.What are the neutral aspects? The combat, which always seemed to me like an afterthought though it still takes up a good portion of the gameplay time. Compared to the BGs and IWD, the combat is rather uninspiring in P:T. Is it the spells, the limited classes, the balance between the party and the enemies, the available abilities? I was never sure what was lacking. If you are the sort of player who loves tactical combat, this game will probably disappoint you. I found P:T to always be the easiest of the isometric AD&D games to beat combat-wise and it required the least amount of pondering out strategies to keep everyone from dying quickly. At the same time, it's not totally awful either.The other annoyance for me is inventory management. BG2 had the best options with scroll cases and gem pouches. In the beginning of this game, you'll be picking up a lot of things to sell and it's a lot of clicking and moving stuff around in bags and such when you're trying to make a few initial coppers.Overall, I give this version of P:T a 9/10, just like I would the original. The point off is for the bugs and annoying features that the original shipped with as described above and that haven't been gotten rid of. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a great story in a unique environment.Summary:Pros - story, secrets, world and zones, character stories and development, weird items, art, feel, decent UI cleaned up by Beamdog, good replay value.Cons - limited class and NPC party choices, limited gear choices, bugs/glitches.Neutral - meh combat with little strategy required, inventory management."
76561197964617729,Recommended,466300,31451876,Posted: 29 April,all,hudson,"Even better the second time around.I didn't remember half of this game and I never made my way through the modron maze the last time through so it was great to finish with Nordom this time around.The updates for modern systems are all great. The save nordom update isn't in there, but you can open up the debug console and do a couple telports to achieve the same effect, so no biggie.Only a few crashes between areas and the auto-saves were there when I went back so again, not a huge problem. I'd advise saving often anyway."
76561198017213485,Recommended,466300,32003630,Posted: 27 May,all,Srefanius,"I played through this for the first time with the EE edition. In my opinion it is one of the best game stories ever written, also one of the most surreal ones. It is the big quest for an immortal character to find and get back his mortality with lots of weird characters you meet and places you visit. There even is a brothel that offers only intellectual services. The game and world is full of creativity and a joy to explore.The combat is only a tool and not the main content of this game, it might actually only cover 25% of the game if not even less. Most of the time you will read dialogue texts and choose answers and make decisions. It also not always takes you by the hand, there are no quest markers etc., so sometimes it's good to have a look into one of the many guides you can find online. If you are looking for a more accessable game of this genre, maybe try one of the modern ones first (like Tyranny), but I can definitely recommand Planescape Torment for everyone who wants to experience uncommon stories with occasional philosphical questions to think about. It is truely something that can hardly be compared to other stories in games."
76561198129227544,Recommended,466300,31458149,Posted: 30 April,all,amelia,"do i recomend planescape torment? HELL YESit's really hard  to find an interesting game of any genre, especially rpg, where you usually play as somekind 'chosen one' which is  boring as hell and predictible to death.but this game does something that most visual novels and story-oriented games are struggling to do: it tells the astonoshing tale, and you will not forget it. you wish you could because this game definitely worth replayability.i'll tell you no more. just go and play it. the dark and incredible adventure is waiting."
,Recommended,466300,32489556,Posted: 16 June,all,White Snake,This is the greatest RPG ever created.
,Recommended,466300,32574958,Posted: 19 June,all,PurpleXVI,"It's still a goddamn ride.Definitely the weirdest of the Infinity Engine games, both in terms of setting and gameplay, it's probably also one of the most memorable. Despite using the AD&D ruleset, it's honestly got more in terms with a visual novel or a dating sim than a conventional RPG(in the sense of being incredibly dialogue-heavy and the classic RPG elements being relatively superficial).You're not questing to find the longsword with the biggest plus, instead you're on a quest of identity, and you have plenty of decisions you can make just for fun and out of the goodness of your heart(doing some food-tasting at a Hive market, for instance). It's relatively short, but well-written, and it just oozes charm and character. The shortness is really its only flaw, as some character arcs feel like they're executed a bit too rapidly, and other characters felt like theirs were left on the cutting room floor(FFG and Annah, for instance).It's one of those games that let you be evil. Like REALLY evil, not just cartoonishly evil, and it'll make you feel like a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you try it. It's also one of the few games that often let you have multiple options for saying the same thing... just so you can be truthful or lying about it. Usually the only impact of that(assuming you have the charisma to pull off a convincing lie) is a change to your alignment(which *mostly* just functions as something cosmetic).Despite the flaws and the fact that they tried to make it work in an engine that was most certainly made for something completely different, it's still good, it's still memorable, and I'd recommend it to anyone.(though I do wish the Enhanced Edition would've fixed that one bug in one of the game's final areas that allowed you to get mobbed and mauled by enemies during a cutscene if you didn't clear them out properly first)Give it a try, see what you think."
,Recommended,466300,31204353,Posted: 17 April,all,jungle.james,"cRPG set in an early 90s 2nd Edition Dungeons & Dragons setting (powered by the Infinity Engine) inspired by works from then luminaries Philip Glass and Pere Ubu. My recommendation is moreso based on this backdrop though the plot itself is *novel* with memorable characters and light philosophical inquiries as to ""What can change the nature of a man?""I assure you that this title demonstrates, via its existence, how poorly adapted the modern ""roleplaying game"" is, such as ""Fallout 4"" (2015). Not in some demeaning / maudlin ""Only 80s kids will remember."" kind of way, but through the fundamental rule of ""Show, don't tell.""It is worth mentioning that Chris Avellone worked on the title so there is also that contrast to the above mentioned Fallout 4 against his later work and antithesis to ""Fallout 3"" (2008) -- ""Fallout: New Vegas"" (2010)."
,Recommended,466300,31678555,Posted: 11 May,all,kmfdm,"There is a huge gap between Planescape Torment and everything else.I see myself as a hard scientific person and reductionist, and yet I still find the philosophical views and bizarre stories contained in this game captivating and - in a way - enlightening. The gameplay and combat are just secondary, but anything else would be detrimental to the fantastic writing itself."
,Recommended,466300,31535715,Posted: 3 May,all,Hammer,"Wow. Just... wow. So, first of all, I have never really gotten far in this game when I played it a long time ago as a kid, so trust me when I say, I don't wear nostalgia glasses. I've played through this entire game, doing most of the sidequests, trying to unlock as much of the characters as I can and such, and of course I beat the game. I'm not going to get in to spoilers here, but if you proclaim yourself as an RPG fan, whether you like classics or not, you owe it to yourself to play this masterpiece of a CRPG through at least once, especially with the EXCELLENT enhancements that Beamdog have done to make the game compatible with newer systems. The game is a slow start, but trust me, it gets better, so much better.It really does deserve the title of ""best book you'll ever play"". Trust me on this one."
,Recommended,466300,31190720,Posted: 16 April,all,Joker,"One of the best books you'll ever play. Played it for the first time 10 years ago and now playing it again with some enhanced features is like seeing a diamond being polished: it sure shines in anyway, but you can make it even brighter. Downright the best RPG of all times!"
76561198152081565,Recommended,466300,33890001,Posted: 29 July,all,Floki Ω,"Loved this game when it first came out, I love it now. Planescape has a compelling storyline and interesting format on how they did the game. INT and WIS are quite important in this one. It's like a darker more gruesome version of Baldur's Gate. Just not as popular as Icewind Dale or BG. I give it a 8.9/10 would recommend to all RPG fans new and old."
76561197965158099,Recommended,466300,31206359,Posted: 17 April,all,Hekatonkheires,"What is there to say? It's Planescape: Torment for modern systems. If you have played the original, it's pretty much exactly the same with some user interface upgrades. If you haven't, it's the best plot and dialogue in video games. Pity the combat remains absolute garbage compared to Baldur's Gate 2."
76561198086500276,Recommended,466300,31806151,Posted: 17 May,all,klausk,"This is by far the best RPG I _ever_ came across, even beating the Ultima series. The depth, the amount of interaction and quests, the general mood, the possibilities in directions of character development. In my opinion, this is _the_ incarnation of an RPG - how it should be.Everyone interested in RPGs in general should at least have played this one once!The Enhanced Edition made me buy this game once again: Now I can play this on 4K with no problem. Just awesome!"
76561198033842478,Recommended,466300,33664410,Posted: 19 July,all,ddrurymd,"I nearly crapped my pants when I saw that PS:T was available on Steam. It is one of my all time favorites. Sets the gold standard for role playing with choices and decisions in game that actually effects gameplay and outcomes. The graphics are dated but that's not the reason to play it.  Great story for the main character  but the NPCs  also has fantastic back stories that are gradually revealed with a little patience.I'll admit that I'm biased, probably because of nostalgia. Some people will not be able to get past the graphics and sheer amount of dialogue and descriptions. I won't judge you if you don't like. I would ask that you would give it a fair chance. It's worth it. I also suggest that if you did not like PS:ToN, the spiritual sequel, don't automatically assume you won't like this game. PS:T far longer and superior  in every way except in the graphics department, though surprisingly, not by much. While I liked PS:ToN, I didn't love it.Try it. You'll either love it, which is most likely,, or you'll hate it.I have never met anyone with ambiguous feelings towards Planescape: Torment."
76561198051505381,Recommended,466300,32281546,Posted: 8 June,all,Zakura720,"This game is definately a great roleplaying game with lots of dialogue and interesting ways to approach situations. However, if you like combat the game might not be for you it uses simalar rules to Baldur's Gate II which is D&D 2e. . while the game doesnt have as many NPC's as Baldur's gate or its sequel and is very text heavy with minimal custimization of your pc outside of stats and base equipment and only equpment and spells for companions. However it is still a pretty interesting and different story that has quite a few sidequests and stats definatly affect your gameplay as many options require certain thresholds to be met. So if you love a story rich game most of which required reading through dialogue then i certainly reccomend this game if you love old school d&d combat with more emphasis on strategy and character building then go with Baldur's gate series or Neverwinter Nights. This game is all about the story and interacting with the NPCs."
,Recommended,466300,31120814,Posted: 13 April,all,BoxingGandhi,"Its back! Baldurs Gate 1 & 2, Icewind Dale 1, and now Planescape: Torment have returned for windows. Is it 1999 again? While the original game is all there, some additions and changes/improvements have been made. Gone is the character action ""wheel"" (which I actually liked.) Those UI tools have been put onto the bottom menu, which for me is a little tedious. Combat Pathing seems a little janky. Personally I cant remember if it was like that originally or not, but for a ""remastered"" release probably deserves some work. Graphic options are also sadly lacking. You can go to greater than 30 fps but the game gives you stark warnings that it will cause sound bugs( so why is it there in the first place?)Anyway, with those few gripes it is the same great game it was when first released. Puzzles worthy of any adventure games, characters worthy of the greatest novels, and moral dilemma's where the right and wrong action is not clearly defined but may have lasting consequences on your game. I give it a 9/10, with the chance to go higher if they fix a couple things."
76561198056183978,Recommended,466300,31212093,Posted: 17 April,all,patthropus,"I wanted to play through the EE fully before giving a review, just so I was refreshed on the emotionality of the game.Now that I have, I'm ready to review Planescape: Torment.*Know* that I spent $150 on the Kickstarter for the spiritual sequel, Torment: Tides of Numenara.  All because of this game.*Know* that after at least 20 playthroughs, I still have yet to complete a fully evil game, because I cannot bring myself to do the atrocious, mentally ravaging things you must do to perform every evil act.  I relate *that* well to the characters and the plot that I cannot wish them harm simply for my sake.*Know* that this is not a difficult game when it comes to combat.  There are difficult battles, but a good 75-90% of the game is dialogue and making choices, and having just the right combination of items and stats to get a really unique option to utilize.  Playing a high Int, Wis, Cha Wizard will give you a fairly easy playthrough if you explore thoroughly.*Know* that I've had some crashes on Win10, but nothing that I could repeat regularly or that really halted my progress thanks to the autosave system and some good luck.  This is an old game revamped for newer systems, it's not gonna be perfect.  If you patched the original with the fix packs to unlock the things the EE gives you by default, you'll be accustomed to the crashiness.If you enjoy story driven RPG's and you've never played PS:T, it is a steal at $20.  I can't say many games have shaped my outlook on life, but if any has, it is Planescape: Torment. I truly feel that I am a better person after experiencing this. If you can pull off a Lawful Good in the Anarchists faction, you're a better person than me."
,Recommended,466300,31284975,Posted: 21 April,all,jukka.nissinen,Original was the best computer rpg ever. Enchanced Edition seems to be well made. Loving it so far.
,Recommended,466300,31126047,Posted: 13 April,all,[HAN]viscount,"I just want to say that I really really love this game. Though I am writting in English and I could enjoy the English version.But I really wish that there is a Chinese localization for other players. The original game has an localized version with Traditional Chinese, why there is not in enhanced version? The texts are just same. I want to remind the producer that in China there is still a huge group of players that are looking forward to buy and enjoy this game. It's just, you know, not everybody has the ability to read and understand this game.Though I bought from U.S. region but I am a faithful Chinese player, plz add Chinese translation, and spread this masterpiece to more players."
,Recommended,466300,35077611,Posted: 19 September,all,"what's eatin' you, chief?","I haven't had this much fun since, uh... the last time"
76561197974038206,Recommended,466300,31804362,Posted: 17 May,all,Drax,This is awsome! So well done that I enjoyed it every bit as much as back in '99. It surpassed my expectations and I'm as happy with it as can be. :)
,Recommended,466300,31430372,Posted: 28 April,all,Muffiny,"Still my favourite story in any game so far after all this time, and the enhanced edition this time around does exactly what its title suggests - enhances it. There's no extra content of dubious quality, just the same planescape I remember from so long ago with enough quality of life tweaks to play it on modern systems. If ever you've felt like replaying it, or even playing it for the first time, this is the perfect time to do it. I reccomend turning off the sprite outlines and filtering for characters in options, and beyond that, settle in for some heavy reading."
,Recommended,466300,31322812,Posted: 23 April,all,Lycanthrope,"Almost twenty years after its release, I'm still one of those who consider this to be the best game ever made. The characters, setting, story, art style and ambience simply contribute to a flawless and unforgettable experience.I'm truly grateful to Beamdog for breathing continuity and longevity back into this game."
,Recommended,466300,31104635,Posted: 12 April,all,Oskulock,"It's the type of RPG that gives you 7000 XP for being a cunning prick and choosing the right dialogue options, but only 250 XP for killing an otherworldly demon monster thingy summoned from a puzzle box.But seriously, play this game if you haven't already. This is the definitive version so now is the best time to jump in if you're interested at all. Plays right from the box on Windows 10, has nicely updated UI, looks crisp in high resolutions, (Supports 4k too.) they also give you an option to remove some of the worst D&D2.0 elements that were in the original like randomized hitpoint gains on level up and such. And as a cherry on top the OST was also remastered to a higher bitrate and you've got your usual Steam stuff like achievements, trading cards and so on.Really happy with this purchase, the game is a classic and anyone who likes REAL role playing games should try it out."
76561197988319173,Recommended,466300,34893339,Posted: 11 September,all,sovietxrobot,"Torment is my all time favorite game, and the enhanced edition allows it to run through steam on modern systems. It worked flawlessly and installing mods was easy."
,Recommended,466300,33558214,Posted: 15 July,all,Memmaatre,Back in the days I got tired of all the reading (probably not mature enough) but now I´m nothing but excited about this jewel! This IS a fantastic game that really grows on you. In my opinion you need a couple of hours (or like.... >100) until you really begin to appreciate this amazing RPG! If you are able to forgive the sometimes lame fighting sequences and are in for the story and atmosphere - then this is a must have!
,Recommended,466300,34556631,Posted: 28 August,all,Halflight,"Planescape: Torment is an isometric roleplaying videogame developed by Black Isle Studios (arguably the original incarnation of the contemporary Obsidian Entertainment) and released in 1999. Taking place in one of the many Dungeons & Dragons setting, Planescape, the game follows the quest for identity of a character simply referred to as ""The Nameless One"": at the start of the game he awakens in Sigil (a city standing in the middle of the various planes of existence) without any past memory whatsoever of his life and with the peculiar condition of being unable to die. He then beings a journey to discover the enigma of his existence and find a way to prevent his slow but inevitable decay in body and soul.This Enhanced Edition, released on April 11 2017 and developed by developing team Beamdog, is an effort to keep the original spirit and ""gameplay feeling"" of an old school RPVG such as Planescape: Torment while making it more accessable towards today's audience. As such, this updated release tweaks the game both in its graphical and gameplay department, sometimes incorporating the work of already existing mods and such. It's worth mentioning however that the player is given the option to completely turn off said enhancements from the main menu, or play with only a selected few.Planescape: Torment is one of the main examples of the great roleplaying videogames released in the 90s, and still holds up surprisingly well up to this day, to the point it's considered by many as the greatest RPVG of all times. The greatest strenght of the game, aside from the excellent and clever writing from the kind of Chris Avellone, is the rich and genuinely engaging dialogue system: there are very few things you CAN'T do in this game, allowing you to roleplay your Nameless One as you fit and influence people and events around you to better suit your own liking. Planescape: Torment holds a significant replay value because you can never tell how events will change depending on your choice, how people will react to your deeds or how differently you can customize your playable character for each run.It's worth mentioning however that some may find the increased focus of the game on choices, rich dialogues trees and actions aside from direct combat to be a little excessive, in the measure that:1) Straight combat (much like so many roleplaying videogames from the era) isn't Planescape: Torment strongest suit and, depending on the kind of character you have been building, can be either a very boring and trivial affair or a formidable roadblock for your travels. Either way, it doesn't feel exactly polished. This is somehow alleviated by the fact that you can avoid nearly all of the fights the game has to offer, by either playing your own cards carefully or runnin like hell. It's also worth mentioning that the game houses only FOUR mandatory fights.2) Specializing one's Nameless One in non-combat proficencies tend to break the game more and more in your favor as you get deeper into it, since at the end of the day you can solve all your problems with the right dialogue choices, collect an impressive amount of powerful items and create a deadly team of adventures. This is the main reason wisdom is really the best stat in the game, since not only it opens the greatest amount of dialogue option, but it also increases all the experience you get from anything, which pays off tremendously towards the end of the game.Planescape: Torment remains nevertheless a classic for the whole genre and is one of the best written videogames I've ever had the pleasure of getting myself into. The new Enhanced Edition really helps the game feeling more accessable and easy to play without sacrificing all the things that set it apart from other RPVGs, so no one has a single excuse not to try this shining gem out anymore"
,Recommended,466300,31100763,Posted: 12 April,all,Barbarianna,"A storytelling masterpiece. If you've never played it, the EE is your chance.Considering the amount of hours you'll spend in this game, it is worth every cent.Stay away if you don't enjoy story driven games."
,Recommended,466300,31098776,Posted: 12 April,all,[A]mNesIa '0',"Remind me of the old days. After so many years, it still remains a masterpiece. The only gripe I have is old mods are not compatible with the EE version.Kinda a shame that Beamdog doesn't include banter accelerator and unfinished business from the PST fixpacks."
,Recommended,466300,33583958,Posted: 16 July,all,Arrow,Planescape: Torment has the deepest and most engrossing storyline of any cRPG.
,Recommended,466300,31191071,Posted: 16 April,all,Winkum Dice,My favorite book/rpg is finally on steam and I don't need to install any fan patches.
,Recommended,466300,33748042,Posted: 23 July,all,Valaun,"It's the best game ever, play it."
76561198009173518,Recommended,466300,31327149,Posted: 23 April,all,Something completely different,"The best trip in memories lane I had in a long time.This game is so well written it still keeps me clustered to my pc, exploring the dark underbelly of Sigil in one of my favourite ad&d settings. What an awesome job is done here to enhance the game by not enhancing the story at all but focus on the visuals and sounds.Recommended. I'd almost wish I was the nameless one, then I could rediscover Torment again and again!"
,Recommended,466300,31345143,Posted: 24 April,all,blitzcrg,"I've played Planescape: Torment through about once a year since it was released, relying on mods and community fix packs for an improved experience. Now, with the Enhanced Edition, I don't have to go through the trouble of modding to enjoy the game at a playable resolution on modern hardware. That *alone* is worth the price of admission, to me. Added Linux support is a substantial bonus as well, for which I am grateful.For anyone who missed the game back in 1999 - and I'm sure there are plenty of those, since that was 18 years ago - this is the best CRPG that's ever been made, period. Do not hesitate to purchase this."
76561197991676314,Recommended,466300,31207855,Posted: 17 April,all,TheFriendlyAssassin,I'm astonished at how polished this edition of Planescape is and am thrilled that it runs flawlessly on Linux as well! I highly recommend whether you have or have not played Planescape: Torment before.
76561198218504407,Recommended,466300,32778169,Posted: 25 June,all,ana,"This was the first CRPG I ever played and nothing can compare. The worldbuilding for the city of Sigil is so rich and unique and the companions tend to suprise you. If you like DnD, reading, goff fantasy, updating your journal, and familiar yet bizarre new worlds, please play this game!! May the shadow of Our Lady of Pain never cross you."
76561198009682170,Recommended,466300,34373366,Posted: 20 August,all,Wilborg,"YES!!!!I played this title over and over like a maniac when it came out. I played it several times over the years since then, and now I'm playing it again - this time with the shiny new polished interface.There is nothing here I wouldn't recommend!Go to Sigil. Immerse yourself in this absolutely absurd, hideous and utterly unique setting and story.Go. Buy. Play. Now!11/10"
,Recommended,466300,34714626,Posted: 3 September,all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"The greatest RPG story ever written. If you've never played this game, this enhanced edition makes it a lot eaiser to navigate.The Hamlet of Role Playing Games. A lot of reading but worth it."
76561198029006705,Recommended,466300,31284396,Posted: 21 April,all,Aegrum,"a CRPG like no other, possibly the greatest of all time"
,Recommended,466300,31088195,Posted: 11 April,all,Draugen,"it's planescape torment, simply the best crpg ever. the game speaks for itself!"
,Recommended,466300,31615114,Posted: 7 May,all,The Famine,"Countless upgrades from the original and faster gameplay/combat?Check.Over 40h to complete most of the stuff?Check.A story which made me ponder the meaning of life and how we change based on our decisions or beliefs?Check.Companions who are fun to talk to, can be upgraded and can change / can leave based on a morality system?Check.A total lootfest where you have no idea which items are useful;and if so - when, half of the time ?Double Check.Choices that matter, feel they have weight and (sometimes) impact the difficulty of the game?Check.Fun spells if you consider to be a mage (which you totally should)?Check.TL;DR - Do i recommend that this game be in your steam library?NOI INSIST UPON IT"
76561198001888575,Recommended,466300,33661542,Posted: 19 July,all,jenjanes,"Although I only have a couple hours logged on the Steam version of this game at the time of my review, I played this game all the way through multiple times on CD-ROM on my clunky old desktop back in the day. To this day, I have never played a game with a more immersive and compelling storyline than that of Planescape: Torment. It is part Choose Your Own Adventure, part mystery, and part good old fashioned point-and-click. If you want a thrill a minute and you don't like to read, then I would not recommend this game to you. But if you enjoy a good story, add this game to your collection."
,Recommended,466300,33634842,Posted: 18 July,all,WrytXander,"Once I'm finished with it, might very well end up being my favourite game of all time. I just couldn't wait to post a positive review. This game only keeps getting better and better; the writing, setting and atmosphere are enchanting. The bland, unsatisfying combat is pretty much the only hurdle to get over, but it's mostly an optional part of the game anyway so it's easy to look past it. Please buy this game and in doing so, support these passionate, lovely people who have taken an old masterpiece and given it new life."
,Recommended,466300,33435553,Posted: 10 July,all,shane{},"This game is incredible, and there are not many other words to help describe it.  Planescape: Torment has aged very well (although not graphically, but I am one that feels that is a minor issue), and provides a story rich experience that always leaves you wanting more.  If you have not treated yourself to this masterpiece, you really should."
,Recommended,466300,32970019,Posted: 28 June,all,Captain Krunk,"Choices, choices! CHOICES! STORY! NECROPHILISM?! CHEESE?I want cheese :(What more do you want to know? You want to play a Baldur's Gate like game with less combat but more story and event triggers? This is the game for you! Press on forward and there's bound to be more to keep you entertained!"
,Recommended,466300,31104791,Posted: 12 April,all,Lametta,"Personally I liked the game but I wouldn't go as far as to say that it's the game with the ""best"" story out there even though it is one of the best :)Playing this game is more like reading a book.There are very long dialouges and in new areas you will spend more time in the dialogues than doing anything else.So basically if you want to play this game you ll just have to play to appreciate the story.So I only recommend this game if you want to appreciate/enjoy the story.Story& CharactersThe story is intriguing and  touches on existential questions.The background story of the characters is very good and the party members are all very likeable.CombatThe combat is one of the weakest points of the game.Even though it  uses the infinity engine it kinda didn't use the potential that comes along with it.Combat is more a neccesity that you  have to do rather than enjoy to do.It's not particularly hard but more a drag than anything else.GFXThe game is very very dated and if you can't stomach graphics of games like Baldurs Gate etc this won't get better might be even slight worse.CompatibilityGame never crashed for me on win7 with a mid to high end pc.Just encountered 1-2 bugs that weren't important at all."
76561198244376304,Recommended,466300,31430988,Posted: 28 April,all,Ocelot570,"This game is amazing. The story and the character are like no other game. The areas and the people that populate them are very unique. The soundtrack is also amazing. The only downside is that if you are a mage with high intelligence, by the end of the game it is really easy. The only other game that really comes close to this in just pure greatness is Fallout 1. You need to get this game for a great, personal story and one of a kind atomosphere."
76561198027930252,Recommended,466300,31835554,Posted: 18 May,all,Darion,"Planescape Torment was a game that I initially missed playing when growing up. I loved similar games like the Icewind Dale and Baldurs Gate series thoroughly and almost instantly picked up this remastered gem when I saw it got re-released.I've oft times stumbled upon others praising this game as ""the father of all isometric top-down tactical rpgs"", and having completed the game now, I couldn't agree more - It's simply fantastically written with meaningful choices, companions that make you *want* to talk to them and hear their backstory. In my first playthrough I'm fairly sure that I missed at least one possible companion, which just makes me even more curious for my coming second playthrough.Another great thing is the fact that the game doesn't hold your hand. It can be brutally hard and the quests only vaguely suggest where to go next, which to me is a good thing, because it actually made me having to peruse through my journal again and revisit dialogue for any hints that I might have missed. Some side rumour-based quests don't even show in the journal - those you have to explore all on your own. I played as a mage, so the combat was challenging at times, but the unique mechanic around dying made it doable in some clutch situations. I will try the fighter the next time I visit this unqiue and beautifully crafted world."
,Recommended,466300,32451980,Posted: 15 June,all,bengel77777,A story where you can truly choose who you want to be.  Recommended for all fans of DnD
76561198012023582,Recommended,466300,31426017,Posted: 28 April,all,lewrker,"Good port, best infinity engine game."
,Recommended,466300,31597183,Posted: 6 May,all,HAL,Play it before you die.
,Recommended,466300,34042335,Posted: 5 August,all,Rostere,"The original Planescape: Torment takes place in a metaphysical fantasy-world inspired by Dante's Divina Commedia. Different planes of existence correspond to the nine different 2nd edition alignments, with good/neutral/evil on one axis and lawful/neutral/evil on the other. In this setting, gods make their homes on planes of existence corresponding with their alignment, mirroring old conceptions of the afterlife. The hub of this universe is the city of Sigil, which is of course associated with neutrality on both axes. Where alignments and gods are the dominating existential aspects of the other planes, Sigil is ruled by a mysterious entity which has banned all gods from entering. In place of religions, there are ""factions""; groups with differing existential philosophies vying for followers trying to find a more profound and final meaning to life than just worship of a god, which is central to life outside of Sigil.In all of this, you drop the protagonist, which is an individual who seemingly lacks the ability to die, but who occasionally suffers from complete memory loss. Your task is to make sense of your predicament against the backdrop of this setting which is sewn together from ideas in theology, philosophy and metaphysics.If you think this sounds interesting, buy the game. It will be worth your while. It is a bonus if you liked Infinity Engine games such as Baldur's Gate. The Enhanced Edition also has not messed up the original game by retroactively adding modern crap on top, so no worries there."
,Recommended,466300,32912565,Posted: 27 June,all,•GG• Ace2020boyd,Picked this up in good faith and my god I fell in love with this game once I figured out the folding of the paper puzzle from the zombie. Never was into CRPG's back in the day but think ill need to go back and revist them!
,Recommended,466300,33100687,Posted: 1 July,all,Xzenor,Played the original but never finished it.I tried again after a while but it's a hassle to get it running on recent hardware and it's not stable so THANK GOD for this release! I didn't even know it existed :)I's just a wonderful game with an great story. It just really pulls you in and doesn't even feel outdated for a 16 year old game.
76561197973864561,Recommended,466300,32845151,Posted: 27 June,all,Laslo,"Had this on the original CD release, from way back when - saw it released on Steam and jumped on it.This game is one of the few adventures i've played through 10 times or more.It should be in any serious adventure role playing enthusiast's library for sure.I can't recommend it enough. It's just so awesome. ^^The enhanced edition has some essential improvements like higer resolution / larger playfield view, which was basically my only gripe with the game of old (didn't bother me with my desktop resolution didn't go higher than 800x600 though ^^)."
76561197993876961,Recommended,466300,33122149,Posted: 2 July,all,Fry,After playing Tides of the Numenera I had to play this. What a great game and the enhanced edition looks so much better and even supports my 21:9 monitor.Had a couple of crashes during my playthrough but still heartily recommend this game.
76561197994869353,Recommended,466300,31404944,Posted: 27 April,all,eXtolence,<3
,Recommended,466300,31764330,Posted: 15 May,all,Tyrone,"This has BY FAR the best story of any game I've ever played. I'm wondering what the point of playing other video games is, since I know they'll pale in comparison."
76561198004209341,Recommended,466300,32729259,Posted: 24 June,all,yam'dari,Fun blast from the past.  Forgot how involved this game was.
,Recommended,466300,31095804,Posted: 12 April,all,BloodPaw,Being able to play it again in the glory of 4k is just awesomeTimeless classic RPG you need to play before you die.
76561198072026241,Recommended,466300,31429820,Posted: 28 April,all,Cyral Drive,Yes
,Recommended,466300,31101051,Posted: 12 April,all,Mitty,UPDATED MY JOURNALUPDATED MY JOURNALUPDATED MY JOURNALUPDATED MY JOURNALUPDATED MY JOURNALUPDATED MY JOURNAL
76561197982872121,Recommended,466300,31086932,Posted: 11 April,all,Marxist,"All I can say is I have 0 regets, yes take my money I don't care.If you've never played this game you've made a mistake, and now it will live on, hopefully, for decades to come.Here is a more indepth analysis now that I've had time to *really* play this quite a bit:Changes:1.  The UI is totally different and more like Baldur's Gate.  I'm fine with that, the scroll wheel always gave me trouble because I spent too much time bouncing around in it trying to figure out what I could do in a given circumstance.  The UI is a little less ergonomic now, but since you can edit your hotkeys, there's no real reason to not just use the hotkeys and save the UI + clicking for really odd-ball tasks.2.  Multiple auto-save slots.  This is really handy because you sometimes press q at just the worst possible moment, or realize that you made a dreadful error too late into the future.3.  Zoom function - it looks really nice, and I've always enjoyed Beamdog's EE's for giving me the choice as to *how* zoomed in I play.  Maybe I'm just blind, but I really don't notice pixelation and things like that (or I have a lower res monitor that's nearly 12 years old... that could be the case too).------The Bad:At release here on the PC there are a *few* very minor bugs still yet - you likely won't notice them unless you're on a non-windows operating system and happen to get unlucky.The point of the EE edition here isn't to make a boatload of money for Beamdog - does anybody seirously think Torment is a cash cow?  It's more like the art-house movie that all the critics rave about, and everybody claims to have seen, but nobody has actually watched all the way through, nor do they intend to look into it too deeply.  The issue is that for those of us who *do* really love Torment, the game is becoming too old to run reliably.  I myself, and several folks I know, have run into issues where the OG version of Torment simply is non-functional no matter how many mods you install or how much fiddling you do with the .ini files.  It's particularly bad if you use higher end peripherals whose drivers interact in unexpected ways with Torment's keybindings.With this edition we'll (hopefully) have a relatively more future-proof version of Torment that will last for another 20 years before some other update is needed."
76561198070870119,Recommended,466300,31101339,Posted: 12 April,all,CLOROX Disinfecting Wipes,"This is a great re-master. They kept the integrity of the original game mostly intact. The game is an absolute masterwork as far as games are concerned. If you like RPG's with novels worth of  great writing and meaningful choices, this is the game for you."
76561198022903052,Recommended,466300,31674160,Posted: 10 May,all,Chuck Farvre,"15 hours in - first time playing.3 often repeated  points stand out. 2 true 1 false.1.""the writing is some of the best in VG history.""That is true.  I'm not a big in game reader -for example -  I skip 90% of those items called ""books"" in rpgs -In good games I  learn a detailed and rich plot  from gameplay and conversations. OK, but in this game the writing is so tight that I try and read it all. The  journals (yours and others)  really adds to the game.  And adds vauable information. Also,  t's not Wall of text. The writing is  very efficient. The writers constantly detail the freakish appearance of the NPCs you meet  along the way and I never click through. I read it every time (except merchants).2. ""The combat suks"" -  So far 15 hours in - it doesnt. It's not hard thinking. It's kiting around - I'm a fighter build and I put nothing in wisdom(my real life also) so for me it should really be borin.g - all I seem to do is fight - but it's not boring. It makes you feel strong. It bonds you with your commpanions. It's fun to slaughter a dozen thugs(in game) . It's fun to let them run away or click on them and watch your toons auto chase them around the map. And some fights are hard even with the kiting tricks.  It's not deep deep combat. But it's not horrible either. And you can avoid a lot of it.  The combat banter is fun and  sound effects are good.  There are no 15 20 minute battles. They finish quick.After 30 hours i may change my mind. I'll  see. Also there is a nice simple  weapon/magic/theiving system that  works for the game.3.   ""it is mostly for the story/writing ."" - I agree. The game mechanics and art  add and are sometimes interwoven into the writing. They never take away from immersion. The drawings of the main protaganists and their sprites are great and work well with the writing - but the writing is the star.The witing is what drives you forward. And again, I usuallly don't read in game journals/books - unless I get stuck and run out of ideas. This game is different.An extra few observation: the world is  original - not a bunch of high fantasy(?) cliches like BG12(i love) or apocalyptic cliches like FO2(I love almost as much as BG) - both of which I played first in 2015(no nostalgia in this review) . And planetscape is not  abstract and philosophical (unless you want it to be). It's a game with an original dark comic feel and it's fun.The interactions with your companions are all entertaining. Also humorous. Characters are  original and  you really want to know more about them no spoilers."
,Recommended,466300,31229290,Posted: 18 April,all,Inquisitor Penguin,"Angst about the team who helped make this happen aside, this is an exceptional presentation of PS:T.Especially helpful: Tablet controls in the graphics menu. This lets me take my touchscreen 2-in-1 apart to play PS:T with relative ease in bed, or on the couch with my beverage of choice.I also had issues with the version of the game I owned previously working with mods. Not having to worry about getting it to run or installing mods in any particular order was a relief. Some may complain that this is a waste of money, as there are mods available for free that will achieve much of the same features of the EE.However, I haven't had a mod that featured tablet controls, and there was some wonkiness in the patch layering with my disc version. For me, the time and effort spared, combined with the tablet controls make this worth the $20. I also really enjoy the pinch-to-zoom feature.If your time is worth less than $40 an hour (assuming you spend 30 minutes to get the GOG verion modded your way), then this is not the product for you. Perhaps find it on sale.If your time is worth more than that, or you can't be bothered to tinker with it, this is a great version of PS:T."
,Recommended,466300,33114111,Posted: 1 July,all,Gulthor,"You don't need to rattle your brain box too hard over this one, cutter. You'd be barmy to pass it up.Whether a fan of the original or a gamer curious to know what all the fuss has been about all these years, Torment is sure to please. Just be prepared to read."
,Recommended,466300,33097682,Posted: 1 July,all,Alcatraz,As a Lad meself who had lost his sanity ay long time ago ima tell a taleYou can buy a Tiny Green Alien  Chicken and carry him with youand have folks react to it11/10 Would Magical Fantasy Chicken Again
,Recommended,466300,31620208,Posted: 8 May,all,Wonk,"An excellent game. While the combat and graphics do leave a wee bit to be desired, this hails from an age in rpgs that were meant to be read as much as played, something which isnt seen often anymore."
,Recommended,466300,31700790,Posted: 12 May,all,Jäger,Quality RPG right here. Diving into weird D&D with Marilyn Manson campaign setting once again.
,Recommended,466300,31132083,Posted: 14 April,all,Arkkienkeli,"Beamdog seem to have done a very nice job with this one. The previous Enhanced Editions had a fair share of bugs both old and new, but from what I can tell with my limited playtime I'd say they managed to polish this one up remarkably well.I never played the original but I've heard that it had some serious problems with the UI and the graphics. Again, from what I can tell these problems seem to have been fixed. The UI, while not identical to that of BG:EE, feels familiar enough that I found my way around it with ease. The support for higher resolution and linear pixel scaling make the aged art pleasing to look at while preserving the original vibe.Other than that Planescape: Torment definitely seems worthy of the cult classic status it's attained, and I feel it's safe to say this is the best way to experience it. It's easily worth the 20 €, so definitely go for it if you're a fan of old school crpg's like Baldur's Gate or Fallout."
76561198014309940,Recommended,466300,31112421,Posted: 13 April,all,Dekiel,Amazing game. If you are holding back because you dont want to ruin old memories with bad interface or anything else - don't. The enhanced edition is just flawless. Now go and dive into it.
76561198396109434,Recommended,466300,34707979,Posted: 3 September,all,jyaku,"Up until now people fight which of the Infinity Engine games (1998-2002 by Black Isle/Bioware) was the best: Baldur's Gate, Planescape:Torment, Icewind Dale or Baldur's Gate 2 (even some prefer  IWD 2). All have their strengths and their subtle own flavour.Planescape:Torment is regarded as one of the cult classic games that spawn a following up until now. In 2017 an official successor was presented, Torment: Tides of Numenera. This new one is based on the current Dungeons and Dragons ruleset 5E, while Baldur's Gate, Planescape:Torment, Icewind Dale and Baldur's Gate 2 were based on the older 2E ruleset (Icewind Dale 2 used 3E).To celebrate the release of Torment: Tides of Numenera Beamdog re-releases the cult classic in an modern outfit: Like for Baldur's Gate 1+2 and Icewind Dale  before the original C code was adapted to make it as portable as possible and adapt it to current screen resolutions up to 4K. With the current update 3.1 I can confirm to have it working on 64 bit Linux (Ubuntu 17.04) flawlessly. New ports exist for Apple and Android as well.Well done Beamdog for porting this crufty codebase to the future.[Original Timeline: 1998 Baldur's Gate, 1999 Planescape: Tormen (PS:T), 2000 Icewind Dale, 2001 Baldur's Gate 2, 2002 Icewind Dale 2]"
76561197969417125,Recommended,466300,33376412,Posted: 8 July,all,G00N3R,"I never played the original version of Planescape Torment, but over the years I’ve often read, especially in PC Gamer, that this is an amazing game. So when the enhanced edition was released, I thought this was the perfect time to see what I’ve missed. My verdict is that PST is okay, but it doesn’t really live up to the hype.The big negative is the combat system, which is probably the worst I’ve ever played in an RPG (yes, even worse than Dragon Age 2). Over the course of the game I think I was attacked by maybe 5 mages, and literally every other enemy (Human or monster) used melee. No ranged attacks, no special abilities. Just a basic melee attack. I don’t think the age of the game is an excuse, because I remember fighting plenty of bandit archers in Baldur’s Gate. And that limitation extends to your own party as well. I didn’t find a single ranged weapon, either as loot, or to purchase from a shop. If I missed something, it was extremely well hidden. And whilst I recruited a couple of magic users, the game uses D&D rules, which means spells have limited uses, and you have to rest your party to recharge spells. This system was fine in Baldur’s Gate where you could rest pretty much anywhere, but in PST I sometimes went hours of gameplay without being allowed to rest (most areas told me “you cannot rest here” even if there were no enemies on the map) . So even my mages were mostly used in melee. The end result is combat that is one dimensional and boring.The big positive, is the story, characters and dialogue. I don’t really want to spoil anything, but there are several themes and ideas that I’ve never seen in a game before. Your character, the “Nameless One”, is immortal. Whenever he dies, he just resurrects a short time later. He’s also lost most of his memories, so the main quest is all about investigating his past, to discover what caused his condition. The first companion you meet is a floating, talking skull. And it just gets weirder and more interesting from there. PST is certainly unique, and this is what motivated me push through to the end.So overall, whilst I don’t think Planescape Torment should be anywhere near a “best of ...” list because of the combat, I will give it a positive recommendation because of the story."
76561197999275775,Recommended,466300,31923550,Posted: 23 May,all,seqai,"Maybe this game is not perfect in its game mechanics and quite linear as the story goes, but the story itself, the design, the music and the overall atmosphere of this game makes it a MASTERPIECE.To be completely honest it's more of quest-style game, moreover heavily text-based, rather than an RPG, though it uses a classic D&D mechanics. Be prepared to spend about 80% of game time in dialogs.Some moments may seem a little boring, espeically at modern standards, however after the completion of this game I felt really sad, as it happens when you end reading a great book."
76561198318964928,Recommended,466300,31721893,Posted: 13 May,all,那哈莽行咒,Awesome DND.
,Recommended,466300,31100503,Posted: 12 April,all,SpäceCädet,"There's no excuse to not play the greatest rpg ever made anymore, can't wait to force my friends to buy this. Well worth the money, specially so if it's your first time experiencing planescape torment."
76561198127215136,Recommended,466300,33571918,Posted: 15 July,all,slugwurth,I played this game back in the day from a CD-ROM way before GPUs were a thing.If you're into this type of RPG I can't recommend it enough.  Just the little bit that I've played since buying it again has reminded me how much I've been missing a deep and enthralling story world to romp around in.The disc that I used to have was scratched and I could never make it past the Pillar of Skulls in the later stages of the game.  I CAN'T WAIT to find out how this game ends after nearly 20 years :D
,Recommended,466300,31187657,Posted: 16 April,all,Hawkthalas,"If you like games like Baldurs and the IWDs, this for sure will give you lots of hours of fun. Beamdog is doing really great stuff taking these great old games alive again. Thank you guys! Please check other TSR titles and see the factibility of remaking them... maybe games like Champions of Krynn, Dark Sun: Shattered Lands or Secret of the Silver Blades... in this engine they will be awesome."
76561198124418322,Recommended,466300,32794138,Posted: 25 June,all,jslater999,"If you're looking for a version with infinite xp glitches from quests, keep looking. Still a good game"
,Recommended,466300,31229508,Posted: 18 April,all,Ava Inferi,"There's not much else to say that hasn't already been reviewed. If you like stories above all else, it's easily the best CRPG ever made."
,Recommended,466300,32942735,Posted: 28 June,all,Freeman,打了trow论坛的汉化，双开学英语
76561198005665701,Recommended,466300,31641440,Posted: 9 May,all,Quasid,"Finally, been waiting for this for years.Its still totally awesome. Great story, great dialogs, some really funny NPCs.How ever, this is still not for everyone. You have to read thro most of the dialogs, which can be very long. Otherwise you might miss something, and then you are stuck. So patience is required. This game, just as Icewind Dale or the Baldurs Gate games, is not for everyone, simple as that."
76561198006617832,Recommended,466300,31214725,Posted: 18 April,all,Dayve,"I'm so happy they made an enhanced edition of this game. I bought an original copy (a physical copy) and installed it, and it worked and everything but I had a really hard time getting to grips with the horrible resolution. Still, in the few hours I managed to play the original copy a few years ago, I loved the game, especially the dialogue. That floating skull is funny as hell. I tried to install some mods that improved resolution and other aspects of the game but for the life of me I couldn't get them to work. I spent hours reading message boards and so forth for help but they just would not work!So now we have the enhanced edition, and the resolution and other bits and bobs are upgraded by default. Wonderful."
76561198082481928,Recommended,466300,31692232,Posted: 11 May,all,LightCrusader,"One of the best(if not the best) RPGs i've ever played.It puts to shame most of todays RPGs, with a  universe  so unique and fleshed out, that it felt more of a book  than just a game.The tale(s) of The Nameless One is one worth pursuing for its depth and meaning.This game is defenitely worth every penny,especially with the improvements of the enchanced edition,which has made it so much more enjoyable.But before you begin to play it,question yourself:*What can change the nature of a man?*"
,Recommended,466300,31698381,Posted: 12 May,all,Stupendous Man,"It's the old classic again, almost untouched. Incredible game, incredible story.Oh, and for the first time ever, it runs natively on Linux!I could go on giving an indepth review of the game, but there have been countless reviews and discussions of it during the past years. Suffice to say, the story and atmosphere are top-notch, with some really indepth NPCs. The ending of the game is just incredible (yeah, I continue to use that word). If you've never played it before, now's your chance; but for your own sake, PLAY IT WITHOUT A GUIDE!Should you buy this version if you already have the old one (I did)? Not necessarily, unless you wish to pay for not having to mess around with mods etc, or avoid having to use Wine if you use Linux."
76561198133087209,Recommended,466300,31380368,Posted: 26 April,all,kamineko,"Having replayed the original version with patches just last year, I can comfortably say that this is my favorite way to play this memorable classic. Enhancements are limited to fixes and QOL updates, which is just as it should be.PST is my favorite story-driven WRPG of all time, and the EE is my favorite way to experience it. If you haven't played it yet, now is a perfect time."
76561198007085458,Recommended,466300,31617628,Posted: 7 May,all,Zurth,"This is my favorite game of all time.  It was when I played it back in 1999/2000, and it is today having replayed it in 2017.  Your opinions are equally valid, but this is mine.  The depth of character and personality in this game surpasses anything else I have ever played."
,Recommended,466300,31091334,Posted: 11 April,all,ＶａｐｏｒｄＡｓｈ,I feel stronger.
,Recommended,466300,35208885,Posted: 25 September,all,Malah Ram,Game where your goal is to kys. 5/5
,Recommended,466300,31136313,Posted: 14 April,all,jozevgates,This is a great game. The atmosphere and music make the game quite immersive.
,Recommended,466300,31544208,Posted: 4 May,all,Jinx,*Typing*...enhance.*Typing*...enhance.*Typing*...enhance.*Typing*...JUST PRINT THE DAMN THING.
,Recommended,466300,31385566,Posted: 26 April,all,Neonbur,masterpiece of RPG
,Recommended,466300,31211486,Posted: 17 April,all,gut floral,Good stuff!
76561198022612119,Recommended,466300,31129183,Posted: 13 April,all,suzannescw,Planescape: Torement is a classic RPG game that holds your attention and sends you on a real adventure.  The Enhanced Edition provides the needed updates to make this game playable again without downloading multiple mods.  - Highest Recommendation!!Years ago I bought this game on a whim not realizing the gem I had stumbled upon. Since then this is one of only games that has stuck with me .  The characters are interesting and they don't always do what you expect. Everyone has secrets and the mystery of who the Nameless One is hasn't faded over the years. Yes - there is alot of reading but that only enhances the emmersion into the story and make you care about the characters and thieir fates.In additon to being a fanstastic game ... Planescape Torement is also highly re-playable. You could be a law-abiding citizen romancing a companion one day and an Evil Godsman the next. Somehow you always end up in the same place and the story changes to fit your path.I'm so happy they made the Enhanced Edition so one of my favorite games works on my current system. Get this game today you won't regret it!
76561198027842405,Recommended,466300,31124279,Posted: 13 April,all,Cyberdemon,My favorite game of all time. I waited for an EE to replay it. The UI is reworked with crisp fonts that are easy to read but the gameplay is left intact (with some quality of life improvement).There is no excuse not to play it now if you love CRPGs.
76561198027065244,Recommended,466300,31130930,Posted: 14 April,all,Dreamfall,"This was my favorite game during its original inception.  The enhanced version does not disappoint, the game runs great.  I have not been this excited for a rerelease of a game since BG2.  The storyline is magnificent, and the quests are well thought out, and fun.  Some are even hilarious :)I'm not going to do 100 paragraphs about the pros, and cons.  Honestly there are no cons in my opinion lol."
76561198057100430,Recommended,466300,34445744,Posted: 23 August,all,TypeO,"Excellent game,Few flaws, overall it aged like wine. =p"
,Recommended,466300,31087423,Posted: 11 April,all,The 1nteger,"Very good Enhanced Edition, can't see any problems whatsoever and although you can mod the old version I still found many little problems and quality of life issues without the additions present in this version, quality stuff!"
76561198376035472,Recommended,466300,31121984,Posted: 13 April,all,Jessi0513,"I love it so much!  I was all over this game in 99-00 and now I'm all over it again.  It's playing smooth, loading times are super fast, the ability to pick and choose the extras makes me happy and the shifts in certain aspects of gameplay definitely make this game much more playable and accessible to everyone who loves an amazing story and some fantastic atmosphere!Never found a game with quite like this one and now I can run through it without having to get 9 different out-of-date mods loaded and installed in a specific order for it to even work.Happy!"
76561198047401442,Recommended,466300,31100155,Posted: 12 April,all,Narmalion01,Finally
76561198032761932,Recommended,466300,31982753,Posted: 26 May,all,Gigaxe,Glad I finally got to play this great game.
76561197970837903,Recommended,466300,31094538,Posted: 12 April,all,kerry,I played this again after so many years for a few hours tonight . It reminded why Tides of numenera was soooo bad and this is soooo good. O.K i got a little carried away by being able to play such a great game again. Now I've got a few hours under my belt I haven't changed my mind at all finally I can play it wide screen and the enhancements whilst good have taken nothing away from the original game. This is well written and a tells a beautiful story unlike Numenera that has lots of words nearly all crap. Play it you won't be disappointed.
76561198021638907,Recommended,466300,31093390,Posted: 12 April,all,Azjenco,"Back in the days of 90s PC gaming, the era of greats like Baldur's Gate, Half Life and Starcraft, Planescape Torment easily rose amongst them to become one of my most beloved games of all time.Being able to play it again and relive a diamond of my youth is just incredible. I highly recommend this game to anyone who wishes to experience a game that helped influence RPG gaming as we know it today."
76561198275793317,Recommended,466300,31271228,Posted: 21 April,all,hakonmar,"It's good to be back!Often if I revisit games I fondly remember, I get disappointed - they don't age well. Not so with Torment! After all, what makes the game so great is the story, the characters and the setting. Graphics and controls are not the main issue here.I really don't notice the enhancement a lot - I just know that it works.This is a must-have for any RPG fans."
,Recommended,466300,31096575,Posted: 12 April,all,EisenKreutzer,"WHat is there to say? It's the same game we all love, with QOL improvements and better resolution.I love it!"
76561197986028876,Recommended,466300,33091791,Posted: 1 July,all,hewhosleepsatnight2006,Game was fun
76561198077075873,Recommended,466300,31250831,Posted: 19 April,all,Shua,If you don't know this game I feel bad for you. This is one of the best games ever made. The story is insanely amazing. If you don't mind reading alot (which is the only 'negative' thing I can think about this game) pick it up now.
76561198067705127,Recommended,466300,31104548,Posted: 12 April,all,Martin,Awesome to play this again
,Recommended,466300,33820692,Posted: 26 July,all,Marshmallow Panties Bandito,"""Urf. Ugh. Feels like I've been strained through someone's bowels."""
76561198168011706,Recommended,466300,31197326,Posted: 17 April,all,PointMan,赞！原来准备在gog上买原版的，看到steam上出了加强版就入手了这个，个人很喜欢这种文本量大的rpg游戏，就像看小说似的
,Recommended,466300,31156993,Posted: 15 April,all,Darwin,The best RPG ever made!
76561198055524788,Recommended,466300,33230266,Posted: 4 July,all,HentaiGoblin,UPDATED MY JOURNAL
,Recommended,466300,31143181,Posted: 14 April,all,Limey21,Has the charm that is very rare now in video games.
76561197997611179,Recommended,466300,31093302,Posted: 12 April,all,EgorLetov,Just Best RPG
,Recommended,466300,31091370,Posted: 11 April,all,Option,THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER ♥♥♥♥ING MADE. 20/10 TIMELESS ♥♥♥♥ING MASTERPIECEThe improvements and enhancements look astonishing in 4K. This is the best iteration of this game BY FAR.
76561198004709632,Recommended,466300,33144517,Posted: 2 July,all,MiaKana,I LOVE IT!
76561197997880852,Recommended,466300,31111533,Posted: 13 April,all,saucin' and boolin',"""greetings"""
76561198049416477,Recommended,466300,31169541,Posted: 15 April,all,DAT RENDAR,10/10 game. Enhanced edition looks great in 4k and runs perfectly aside from the very occasional CTD. This was my first time playing this game and if you haven't played it yet I very highly reccomend it.
,Not Recommended,466300,31163285,Posted: 15 April,all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"In spite of everything I am about to say and whatever vitriol you have toward me, let me be clear about my feelings of the game: Planescape Torment is a game everyone should experience, however they wish to choose, at leastoncein his/her life.If you are concerned that the Enhanced Edition is at fault, then rest assured that it improves on everything that was wrong with the technical details of the past. UI changes and other quality-of-life improvements like modern resolutions and an updated OST only make this experience as timeless as eternity. Aside from one or two crashes in the last two chapters of the game, the experience itself was flawless.The issue with PT is that no matter how much you polish it you cannot fix an imperfect game. Not only is the gameplay itself an issue but how the final acts are structured that goes against what the game has taught you in terms of alternative solutions to conflict. That is why the Enhanced Edition saddens me; it plays everything safe, changing nothing for better or for worse.1/2 Baked Modern RPGs & 1/2 D&D-LiteOne criticism no one can deny is how diluted, simplified and horrid is the combat compared to other Infinity Engine games. As someone who has savored every hour of other CRPGs to learn their rule sets, PT is an absolute bore in comparison. Had the game done away with combat all together or stuck with its early game's versatility to handling conflict it wouldn't be as big of an issue. Unfortunately, the issues that stem from the combat affects many other aspects people love from these games.For an example of how shallow is the gameplay, all classes have been boiled down to Thief, Mage and Fighter with only the player able to switch classes. Coupled with the fact that there are only seven companions (one is locked behind Hard mode) distributed mainly towards the middle and the end-game and a disturbing focus of melee weaponry outside of magic, the gameplay itself shows very little, if any, replay value. As a result, the enemy AI is easily susceptible to spinning one character around in circles while the others hit the enemy like a piñata, and it is the main ""tactic"" you are allowed to use for combat while you are limited to an incomplete party for most of the game.If the combat was meant to disuade you from fighting and choosing to resolve conflict by other means, then this is a poor attempt to convey this idea. Everything about this combat is in stark contrast not only to other Infinity Engine games but also to modern RPGs that realize party composition and weapon variety is important.At its greatest moments, PT realizes that its alternative solutions are what interest players more and the game provides various options you can talk your way out of, manipulate others, or bribe your way in defining yourself by your actions. However, the final chapters outside of Sigil forget PT's strength, choosing to emphasize the monotonous combat insead.The More Things Change...If any one sole thing killed PT it was an unreasonable desire to conform the gameplay back into the games it tries so hard to distinguish itself from imitating. At its very best, PT's setup, storyline, setting and gameplay is more like a D&D-inspired Fallout  (1/2) than a D&D Infinity Engine game. Rules and lore aside, these games should feel nothing alike as RPGs.Instead of accepting this path for itself, Planescape falls back into its predecessors' gameplay for its final acts. Replacing the complexity, nuances and alternative solutions of 2/3rds of PT are bog-standard ""epic"" battles to establish the climax of the story with an evil entity to serve as the antagonist for the end goal. No alternative paths or non-combat routes for solutions are as diverse as the areas of Sigil as the Outskirts emphasizes the war taking place out of seemingly nowhere. At no point after the gameplay changes its focus does the game return to the heights of PT's beginning and middle acts; the ending, while insightful and diverse in options, can only soften the injuries with various solutions as well as the camaraderie you establish along the way.Another issue I think makes the game actively worse in its story is the stupid idea to lock away the memories/story you experience behind the Nameless One's Wisdom/Inteligence stats. It separates the plot and relevance of the setting to the protagonist's plotline that was wonderfully established in the city of Sigil. As a result, not only is the emphasis on combat out of place in terms of its gameplay but this section of the game can also make no sense in terms of the storyline if you are unaware of this issue. The expectation I had recieved from the game was that I could always mitigate combat if I examined the situation carefully and choose my words/actions to resolve the matter instead of violence. However, the game gives up on me and I'm forced to conflict much like maintaining a good reputation to keep your Good party members in Baldur's Gate required you to flee from combat.Without getting into spoiler territory, if I had to point to the moment PT began its decline is once it introduce a single-entity antagonist for the player at around the 13/15 hour mark. Everything up to this point revolved around the mystery of the Nameless Hero, the state of the multiverse and the various factions/faiths in these Planes, the shadow beings' purpose as well as other legends--all of these were faceless antagonists you didn't realize you were fighting. While the antagonist is far more interesting than Sarevok or even Jon Irenacus in terms of its plot, I feel the moment the game decided to put a face to all these problems is when it choose to forego everything that could have made it into the greatest RPG many people remember it to be.What Can Change the Nature of a Classic?Earlier I had thought I had written enough to explain my rationale of why I couldn't recommend the game itself because of its core gameplay either being rubbish or at odds with what is excellent about the game when it wants to be the game it was meant to be. As I'm well aware of the circumstances around the rushed nature of the game, I don't think adding seven hours of combat padding to the fifteen hours I quite enjoyed was necessary, and I'm doubtful if that experience can be improved upon in the game's current state.Instead of morose feelings at the end, I leave this review with a question leading to many others to ponder as to the value of Planescape Torment:""What can change the nature of a classic for the better?""Is it fans' expectations that no longer bearing any truths?Is it the better memories of what fans cherish that soften the truths that are harder to bear?Is it the foundation, values or rules themselves that must be undone to make room to grow?Is it the lies we create when we reminsce that matter more than the truth at the end?Or perhaps, if a game like this can foster so many conflcting emotions, beliefs, doubts and everything else, was the game a failure for what it tried to do or was it a success?"
76561198033693647,Not Recommended,466300,31213099,Posted: 17 April,all,Lunatic!,"/TL;DR: [This EE version of PST, actually feels like the 1.2 update that never existed. It feels like the utopian follow-up patch that every original owner expected and never received. And not an actual 2017 ""Enhanced Edition 18 YEARS LATE ANNIVERSARY"".]As a huge fan of the original game, I bought this instantly without a second thought.This is, in my opinion, not only THE *BEST* RPG game of all time. But probably the one and only game that I can honestly say that truly changed my life and opened my mind. And it did that effortlessly, the same way reading an excellent book does it. It introduced me to matters and things that I had never thought before, it expanded my imagination, it raised deep philosophical questions inside my head that marked my way of thinking. This is a masterpiece, a masterpiece I tell you... One so memorable to the players mind, that it can only be seen as true work of art. I could go on forever... But the relevant point here is that the appreciation I have for PST is unparalleled, for I consider it a treasure.With that being said... I waited so long for a remastered edition... A modernization that would not alter the original experience but instead enhance it for today standards. I was expecting a huge enhancement of the game, after so many years... And it makes me very sad to say that this is not what I expected at all. I sincerely think this game deserved a lot better and a lot more love from the devs @BEAMDOG.Too many years waiting...for so little... Is, for me, unforgivable. More even so after the disappointment that Torment: ToN was for me. Maybe my expectations were to high, but that is hardly my fault, when I must obviously compare it to PST.I have no reason to play this again over the original game (Which BTW I still have the original CD). Mainly because I never cared about the bugs that it had, none of them were bad enough to break the experience.I have no reason to recommend this ""enhanced edition"" to people like me, who already played and finished PST one thousand times, with all its endings.I even feel that the original game with all the love from the community mods plays better.And I would even dare saying that this version is a ripoff of all the work and love that the community did, back in the day, to fix those issues.If you never played the original game, please do yourself a favor and buy this. Not because of the ""enhanced edition"" BULLCR@P, but simply because the original game deserves your attention. And the best and most comfortable way to play it today is, sadly, through this version.For all this reasons I decided to ask for a refund, as I find this ""Enhanced Edition"" UNWORTHY of 18 YEARS OF WAITING."
76561198042617067,Recommended,466300,32387709,Posted: 13 June,all,laser sword pony,wtf is wrong with bioware these days. Cant they just write a damn good story without their heavy handed need for pushing their LGBT agenda? (btw i have nothing against LGBT).
76561197970533201,Not Recommended,466300,31473174,Posted: 30 April,all,mythmaker,Unplayable on my Windows 10 rig. Game opens in a small box in the middle of the screen. Everythign is way to small to read or interact with. Even selecting full screen in the options menu does nothing. Have scoured the forums and Beamdog discussion boards and I guess no one else on the planet is having this issue so there's not much I can do about it.
76561198025008983,Not Recommended,466300,32840235,Posted: 26 June,all,Scorba,"I didn't realize quite how old this game is.  First released in 1999 - and boy does it feel it.  Yes the graphics are updated (though still crusty feeling).  Yes, it appears to run flawlessly - even efficiently on a mac.  But I just can't power through talking to every single NPC about every single topic just to glean the rare useful bit that you will need later.If you're feeling nostalgic for an old-timey RPG, this may be a great title for you.  But it ain't working for me.In addition to that, I could not identify at all with the main character.By way of comparison, I really enjoyed the shadowrun stories and characters, for example.p.s.  Boo to steam for not refunding me after 8 hours of play.  Yeah, the limit is 2 hours on the policy - which seems too short for an RPG"
76561198030325468,Not Recommended,466300,34892545,Posted: 11 September,all,HawlEffect,"8 hours in, and I have yet to discover what is supposedly so amazing about this game:1. Scour screen for named character2. Talk to named character3. Press 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1...  Get told to fetch something from other named character 4 screens away.4. Walk...5. Goto 1.One can argue this is most of RPG-dom.  Reviews led met to expect The Greatest Story Ever Told."
76561197998165492,Not Recommended,466300,31341981,Posted: 24 April,all,Witty Name Here,"Is it a good game? It was fun if you like this style of game.But I think a lot of people are looking at this through nostalgia goggles so thick they are falling over.Maybe I should have played this when I was younger, personally I'm going to go back to Baldur's Gate.*edit*I'm surprised people are coming after my review, so I figure I should add more details. Here they are.I don't imagien that Beamdog is at fault for anything. Planescape: Torment was the Black Isle game I never played, so I was very excited when I saw it was getting an extended edition on Steam. I just was not taken by the story. Most of the game I kept playing because I deided to finish the game rather then enjoying the experience.I found the group mates uninteresting, Dak'kon was the only one that seemed fleshed out to me.Combat was amazingly simplistic, I'll admit that it's a drawback of this style of RPG, but the main character being rail roaded into one of three classes was a drawback. Not to mention, you had no real customization options for the party members as well, one weapon (or weapon type) and no armor in the game meant you basiaclly play the hand you're delt.The equipment in the game is not worth fighting for. I worried about the amount of gold I was making until I realized there is nothing worth buying. When I got to the curiosity shop I could afford everything I needed then never stepped foot in there again. The majority of the party members use their base weapon/armor the rest of the game. It's a low magic setting, so while a difference of +1 to +2 is a large upgrade, you're still talking about minor improvements at best.The worst part for me was the story. In this style of game it's the most damning criticism I can make. I just never cared about The Nameless One. I may have played♥♥♥♥♥♥McGee in Diablo but her lightning nipples always gave me a chuckle when I played it. You never really feel like you have an idea of what's going on, and while I get that the ""Death of memory"" is the drawback of his immortality, as the player I was left disconnected from the character. Finding Ravel was the next thing to do, I never felt invested enough in The Nameless One where finding Ravel had any importance. I think that is an important point to bring up, when you remove death as a failure state in a video game there is no sense of tension, no hurdle to clear. At one point in the story I was playing an area and I skipped almost an entire map because The Nameless One died and I got moved to the next town.The difference being, if I died in Planescape, I walked back to the area and blindly threw myself at the conflict again until I won. I only reloaded if a party memeber died and I was out of raise dead.If a pack of spiders kills me in Baldur's Gate, I get the game over screen and am forced to not only reload, but rethink how I could do that fight differently. Death matters.I leave Planescape Torment thinking this, an immortal lived and walked the planes, and made virtually no impact to anyone except himself, and in the end, got the fate he made for himself.If the Nameless One was a color, he would be beige."
76561198053651351,Not Recommended,466300,33159187,Posted: 2 July,all,cwarre2001,Unbelievably boring... Hey - I'm an old guy - and this as a serious waste of $20 even to me...
,Not Recommended,466300,31893562,Posted: 21 May,all,FrankenPC,"I get it.  It was AMAZING when it first came out.  Now....all you do is walk 10 paces and die.  When you EVENTUALLY level up, you walk 20 paces then die.  Oh, somehow your satchel holding all your healing stuff miraculuously disappears.  It re-appears again if you don't die which is HIGHLY UNLIKELY.  Some games are walking simulators, this is a dying simulator.Go ahead...try and argue that this game is not a dying simulator. BORING.  Some idiiot on the blogs suggested dumping nearely everything into int and wis to become a mage.  Do you realize how many deaths there are between waking up in the morgue and gaining actual magical powers?  Makes me ponder the Way of the Samurai.  Every morning upon awakening, the first thoughts upon my mind are my own death."
,Not Recommended,466300,32743728,Posted: 24 June,all,Torch,"Bought the game because I had heard GREAT things about the original version and had hoped to play it through.  Unfortunately the graphics still weren't anywhere near what I am used to these days, nor is it even remotely close to the Enhanced versions of games like BG and BG2.  Lastly, it has a LOT of reading and SLOW game play, more than ANY other AD&D game (Pools of Radiance, Curse of Azure Bonds, etc etc).  It was slow because you have to click EVERYTHING to find items to move the story along."
76561198089808820,Not Recommended,466300,33850165,Posted: 28 July,all,imdavidfindley,TOO OLD AND UGLYWISH I HAD MY 20 BACK
,Recommended,466300,31920836,Posted: 23 May,all,[GitP] Archonic Energy,"""what can change the nature of a man?""if this question doesn't have the hairs on the back of your neck tingling then you obviously haven't played this before.this is a Classic.Right up there with Half life 2 and Psychonauts.I replayed this thinking that it was just my nostalgia speaking and that it couldn't be that good,  was wrong. this is just as good as i remembered it as, I REALLY want to talk moreabout why this is good but I feel that any more imput may colour your perspective/playstyle on this game. if you have the means then please play it. if you have already played it, consider re-playing it and see that age hasn't diminished this gem."
76561198067122753,Recommended,466300,31714258,Posted: 12 May,all,Fal,"Strongly recommended.Planescape Torment needs no introduction, problem with the game is that the story builds up rather slowly and rewards you later, but many new players give up due to the poor interface, it calls for tenacity to finish the original game even with the unofficial mods.IMO the item highlight feature alone is worth paying for, will save you hours of move your mouse inch by inch to search for key items, it lack some contents from the unofficial mods unfinished business but that's no big deal. alone with many other small features that makes the game more tolerable for new players.if you havent played PS:T this is the best edition to get, so buy it and update your journals..."
