user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,466500,25232553,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Merry,"The game as it was presented here seemed compelling but 15 minutes into actually playing it I was already starting to have doubts. To be fair I decided to reserve judgement and kept playing but the longer I played the less I liked it.This is a rails game with artificial and invisible walls placed all over the world to keep you from straying too far from the prescribed path. This immediately destroys the suspension of disbelief for the player and ruins an otherwise interesting environment. There were several points early on where I started exploring abandoned houses to search for supplies only to find that I could only get to maybe a quarter of the houses I could see. The rest were ""off limits"", roped off behind invisible walls.The other frustration you're going to experience with 35MM right off the bat is the absurdly slow movement speed of your avatar. It immediately felt like an artificial means of making the game world seem bigger than it actually is. It takes you FOREVER to walk across a field and does nothing to make the gameplay seem more realistic. You can sprint in 35MM but you're character is going to become exhausted pretty quickly and then move even slower.Interacting with the game world (picking up supplies, opening doors, etc.) also feels pretty clunky compared to similar games. This may sound nitpicky but its things like this that ruin a games ability to draw you in. I often found myself struggling to smoothly move through doorways or easily navigate around obstacles. Your characters jump ability is laughingly useless and should be removed from the game. All jump seemed to do was exhaust my character and frustrate me since I couldn't use it to vault over a knee high obstacle.Lastly, I struggle to understand the developer's choice to constantly blur the players in-game vision as a means to convey hunger or negative status. On the surface I get the idea but in practice this is overused. My character was CONSTANTLY in a state of negative status with blurred vision. I would eat food to fix this condition only to have it return within 3 minutes of play. A the end of the day this is just a terrible feature. It makes the game hard on the eyes and adds nothing of value to the experience.I've played a lot of survival games but I could barely make it through an hour and a half of play. I simply couldn't stay interested because of the slow gameplay, clucky environmental interactions and lack of compelling story."
76561198046881436,Not Recommended,466500,23306733,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Garthorium,"I saw this game pop up on the store front and decided to check it out.From the numerous postive reviews, and the intriguing premises, I decided to give in and purchase it. Whilst I don't entirely regret my purchase, I honestly cannot recommend this game. Let me tell you why.The story goes as follows: A global pandemic has struck and an unknown virus has beaten down billions of people. With only a few left in the world, 2 'friends' travel together to reach an entirely undiscussed location, dealing with whatever troubles they encounter along the way.Whilst the post-apocalypse scene isn't new, the story, in its own attempt to be fresh, comes across as too vague and pretentious. There's nothing evident at all to suggest the protagonist and his walking partner are in fact, friends. Conversation is sparse between them. You could argue the journey is more important than the destination, but this journey is entirely lackluster and unsatisfactory. Being at the shallow end of the pool in all of these aspects, it simply just falls flat.Control wise, combat is not the strong point of the game, and that can be entirely forgiven, however, you'll find there is legitmately no use for the knife at all, through the whole game. Gun play is fine, nothing groundbraking, but not poor. Interaction was somewhat interesting, but limited to a little variety of objects in the game world. The head bobbing, which is nowhere near as bad as STALKER's, reflects negatively on the game for a lot of people, especially with no ability to disable it. Walking, and even sprinting are on the slow side, which goes hand-in-hand with the small areas you are able to explore.Gameplay overall, I found to be tedious, and tiring. Most of the game consists of running, or walking with your incredibly slow 'friend' from point A to point B with hardly any deviation or need to stray from the main path. Exploration is kept to a minimum, and the game punishes you with invisble boundaries, barring your way to new and uncertain horizons. Goals aren't entirely clear cut, and sometimes you find yourself wandering aimlessly trying to find anything of value, whilst this isn't entirely bad, add that on to the already mysteriously vague plot and poor story-telling and you've got a recipe for boredom. The survival elements of the game come in the form of hunger and health damage. By the end of the game I found myself excessively packed with food items and loaded with batteries for my torch, I was never really pressured into using anything save the med-kits, which there seem to be very few of, and ironically are the one thing I believe you need the most. Overall, a very weak, and almost unnecessary 'survival' aspect to this game, slapped on merely to support the 'post apocalpyse' setting. The title leads you on to believe that the camera the protagonist wields, serves as a plot device and is instrumental to the game, this is false. The camera is merely another 'tool' in which your character can use to add 'depth'. You never have to use it. On the topic of tools, the knife and axe are both only necessary to proceed through the very occasional door bound by rope or as a device to break into the extremely limited amount of rooms that exist to cater to that purpose. Which I only found myself using the axe 3 times in the whole game. Prior to acquiring the gun, you will never see a reason to use either of them, at all, outside of the specified context above.The one thing I can say this game did a good job of was atmosphere. There were a few times I found myself anxious to continue. Two such times are the village at night after the bear attack - which is entirely scripted, and only has one outcome, unless you don't know how to run - and the subway after you are split up with your 'friend'. These experiences were entirely short lived, but well played out.In summary, there is little to no replay value. The 'choice' system in the game mainly consists of objects or useable items that can be entirely missed, very much so like the Metro series. The atmosphere being done well does not merit the game a positive review, all things must be considered, and my stance is what it is for exactly those reasons. This notion is reinforced by the fact that the majority of the game is scripted events. Even with the 'exploration', you are confined to such small areas that only serve infuriate you with the absurd invisible walls they host. In the very first 'level' there are 6-7 houses a short distance from your starting position, you can only enter and approach 2 until you are greeted by a pop-up stating: ""Do not need to go far"".Graphics aren't a major player for this game, but this can be overlooked. Whatever goal they were achieving, graphical fidelity had no part in it. They are satisfactory, though I believe the lighting should be somewhat, brighter. A lit kerosene lamp in a moon-lit room should illuminate a generous area, but instead, only offers light in a 1 foot radius. Your torch does a less than steller job of lighting your way too. Torches never seem to be done correctly, in any game I have played.The game being in Russian is ideal, as ultimately you are in Russia after all.If you've read all the way through I congratulate you. To be brief, I can't recommend this game to anyone, maybe with a 50% discount but even then I'd be reluctant. I feel like the game could have been so much better, and the trailers certainly portrayed a game of considerable depth and interest, but their delivery seems to have been the opposite.You're better off waiting for this game to go on sale, or better yet, save the money and purchase something else. I can appreciate the effort and intention behind this game, but after completing it and contemplating my journey, it unfortunately leaves a sour taste in one's mouth."
,Not Recommended,466500,28387068,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,neoadorable,"To be fair, 35MM has a very good story and excellent characters. It's just that the pace is quite plodding and the mechanics are not that well implemented. It's primarily a post apocalyptic exploration game, with your protagonist and a fellow survivor heading together to a destination while contending with hunger and the occasional enemies. Mostly you'll walk around with your comrade as a pointer essentially, and you can wander off and explore around for world info, food, meds, and so on. You have a film camera, hence 35MM, but while a nice touch it doesn't seem to do much. I simply gave up on 35MM because in a short life with a 200 game backlog I just can't be bothered to finish it, it gets REALLY annoying 3 hours in. Not generous with checkpoints, it places you in an area with lots of insta-death traps. Since your character is supposedly very weak and maybe ill, his vision isn't so good, so everything's blurry and seeing the traps is more chore than challenge. I never get why people who design walking sims think retracing steps again and again is a benefit to players. It's linear, the story is the point, not the hardship. Anyway, nice effort but not worth it. 4/10"
76561198038059135,Recommended,466500,32207517,Posted: 5 June,all,olavXO,"Underrated!!!Yes it can be slow at times and the english text translation has it`s flaws, but the strong part of this game is the story it is trying to tell us.It`s also refreshing to see an apocalypse through the eyes of a non-american for once.The game is obviously inspired heavily by half life 2 as hardcore fans of the game will see, but that`s not really a problem."
,Recommended,466500,32714538,Posted: 24 June,all,=EGC= _Nite_,"This isn't the type of game to expect much combat and not much of a storyline, but the sound quality as well as the atmosphere is great, its set in a russia type setting and has puzzles along the way, and some tense moments tooMany of the reviews on this game complained about the blurring and slowness, but you have to keep up on eating and applying med kits to stop that. You will find them scattered around as you explore. and as for the slowness, I'm not sure why others are saying this, the game has a sprint key....Overall I enjoyed it, took me about 6 hours or so to get through my first run of it since I explorerd and took my time,probably not the type of game to pay full price for but get it when its on saleI plan to do another playthrough of it just to finish the achievements"
,Not Recommended,466500,32034408,Posted: 28 May,all,Commander RY,"You are either going to love it or hate it, i hate it. The whole game is built upon the environment and the imersion. The abismal controls, dialouge, and over all lack of direction makes this game a boring chore. The whole game is repetative and adds intrusive elements to make the game world feel bigger or take longer (painfully slow walking speed, endlessly blured vision, and searchable areas that offer nothing to the game). I honestly went into this game excited and was completely disappointed."
,Not Recommended,466500,26737152,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Fishzerg,"As much as I appreciate what they are trying to do and show with this game, I can't reccommend it. I see the potential in the atmosphere, the idea behind it, certain conceptual references to Stalker and Metro games, how the world looks and feels. It's gloomy, slightly scary, dark and gritty.But the game doesn't have a smart design. The world seems open, but there are invisible barriers often accompanied by the message ""need not go that far"". Why create a world that seems open then, when it actually is so closed? Why does it tempt me to walk to certain structures or areas to investigate what's there when they aren't accessible? The tasks you have to do to progress were all okay, till I had to find a well and bring water. Turns out I had to have a bucket. Didn't find one. Checked several times. Walkthrough says it can be here or there. In the modern day of games I actually have grown to expect more meaningful gameplay elements. Nothing bad with bringing water. But hiding the bucket just for the puzzle of it, is not particularly entertaining or meaningful. I mean there could be some logic behind where it is placed, but there isn't. It became a tedious task with a random solution, so I quit the game.Next, the translation is not very good. I don't know if they used google translator to then put together sentences, but they are often incorrect and you have to try to make sense out of them. It could be charming, but this is a story based game. If you tell a story, it has to be told properly. The spoken word is Russian, which I like very much, and the translation is written. And here comes another design fail: sometimes these ""subtitles"" will show on bright areas where for instance a fire is burning, so you actually can't even read it.It is a pity, because the idea and atmosphere behind the game was great. The design and execution part was not good enough."
,Recommended,466500,23250163,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Masha Kochakova,"Sergei Noskov is a famous Russian indie-developer. But his games were not represented at Steam untill now. And I'm really glad that he's now here, and you, guys, can get introduced with his works. His games are not just amusement. They always have a deep sense. Before 35MM Sergei made his games totally by himeself as Lucas Pope does for example. This game is the first Sergei experience of working with a team and at the same time first experience of entering Steam. Please welcome him.As for the game. I've played a while, about an hour. Graphics and atmoshpere are awesome as usual in Sergei's games. And as for story - I don't know why people wrote here that it slow-paced and totally walking simulator (btw, there is nothing wrong with walking simulators, we indie love them if they are unique and atmospherical - and this one is). For the first hour of playing I walked the forest, found some weird stuff, got attacked with bear, got some flashbacks, got a bit of lore and now are serching for a well in night empty country (or how to say ""derevnya"" in English). I don't think that's slow-paced at all!Please use some patience as you always do with small indie atmospherical titles as Dear Esther of Firewatch, or Everibody is Gone to Rupture, or Protheus, or... should I continue?  I love this genre and totally recommend it to other indie-atmospheric-philosophycal lovers."
,Recommended,466500,23612030,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Krok,"This game was made by one single person! It's amazing and allows you to play different playstyles. If you run past the levels you might get more action, but there'll always be a lack of food, batteries l, medkits and ammunition. If you explore the levels till you reach their ends, go every path and keep your eyes open, you will find gorgeous designed places, read eerie news papers, find notes and mysterious events! If you want to get the good endings (There are 3 endings in total), you should go into every house, use all game mechanics, interect with the world and use your camera!The levels in the Metro are some of the most ambiant and chilling levels I have ever played! The ambience is great, in total! No matter if you scavenge through Taiga and left farmland, sneak through villages during nighttime, or explore a dark and misty tunnel system with secret army facilities!Keep your eyes open in this game and you'll get rewarded!Minus points are the subtitles (no English audio to keep the ambience on a this high level) and clunky walking and running animations. Which don't ruin the ambience doe :)"
,Recommended,466500,23245977,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Quizzle,"Here's what it looks like:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49nNITvqmvIhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aKksPboas4https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhTOxaOT23IReleased and developed by the Russian fellow Носков Сергей, 35MM is a game about 2 men who are making a journey across some unknown lands after a global epidemic-apocalypse has occured. They start off in this forest, where the user has to collect items to pass certain obstacles. Later on the game develops and there are events such as being chased etc.There is no real crafting in this game. It is a journey/adventure type of experience. The atmosphere is very well done, and it is not a laggy game by any means. There are a few issues users may have with making it full screen.When you initially start the game, everything is in Russian so you will have to change the options to English yourself. It's in the settings menu, which is near the top. The first option is to start your game. There ARE english subtitles in the game, however they're not the best. They're good enough to be understandable for native English speakers though.The key to this game is how immersive it is. Rummaging through houses and encounters are what engage the user into progressing to the next part. The atmosphere in the game is what makes this game.Something annoying you may find is the progression of your partner. He is quite slow and will walk, however that gives you time to rummage through the area of houses and things, but make sure that you don't lose him!Another annoying thing you may encounter is the lack of instruction at some parts. You may become lost or not know what button to press so here:TAB opens inventory, the numbers displayed in your book show what to press for what item. ESCAPE simply brings up the menu, E interacts with objects and that's pretty much it.If you start the game with no events occuring, i.e the opening scene doesn't show, restart your game because the rest of your game won't work very well.Overall I am enjoying it so far and I think I am about halfway through the game. I have to work tomorrow so I will update when I have completed the game a little later!EDIT: The game has multiple endings depending on what you interact with and what you do, it has quicktime events, a gun fight, and much more! A WORKING interesting game to say the least. I would recommend it for those who like immersive games with surprises."
76561198014055694,Not Recommended,466500,30456532,Posted: 11 March,all,Eclaer,"Just chiming in subjective things here.The good- The Russian landscape looks worn and beautiful (when you can see it)- The main characters appear likeable, low-key bears- The voice acting in Russian gives a genuine feeling to the gameThe bad- The game mechanics feel clumsy; walking, interacting with objects takes effort- The character movement is very very slow- There's not much logic in what can be interacted with and what cannot- There is no manual save, forcing the player to keep playing until the next checkpoint. In these ADHD times it can be too far away both in time and space.- The subtitles are in a very very small font- The visuals are blurred and wobbly most of the time- There are invisible walls- Its linear. Exploration doesn't give much instant gratification.- The farther you get in the game, the more dusty it gets to the point where its hard to see any detail, until the final map. Actually I didn't play that far, after 2 hours I just watched the rest on youtube.Although I'm sympathetic about the effort of the indie developer, nevertheless such products have to compete for attention with very polished titles, the triple-A Big Macs of games, often sold with the same firesale prices. In the triple-A big budget development, a producer could walk in to a meeting and declare that 'our market studies show that if you blur and wobble the screen like that, most of the consumers wont like it, so remove it', and so it would have been removed. It is clear 35MM has not gone through such a commercial dumbing down process: the vision of the developer is allowed to shine raw, in good and bad. Unfortunately the result is difficult to enjoy for a player used to more commercial caterings."
76561197994562468,Recommended,466500,32738087,Posted: 24 June,all,Mentat,"Is it slow? YesIs there a quickly and easily identifiable story and objective? No.Is it even remotely open world? No.Is it worth buying? ...Yes. But there are caveats:First, this is a so called walking sim. You do alotof fairly slow walking. There are places to explore in order to find supplies and the scenery is a little bland and boring. Your companion blathers on here and there, I assume in order to create some backstory as you go, but its not very helpful most of the time.Secondly, just as you start to fall into the slow rythm of the thing, there is some annoying cut scene style action, which feels a little out of place - I would rather have simply watched a cut scene instead of being involved in it.However, while it may be slow, the walking sections are relaxing and although the scenery is nothing to write home about it is enjoyable to walk through itif you like this sort of thing. It will not be for everyone, so if you are looking for an adventure, or even for something with a little pace, this is not for you.If however you want to enjoy a fairly relaxing game with some annoting cut scene action every now and then, you may well enjoy this game. I do."
76561197994998747,Recommended,466500,32813594,Posted: 26 June,all,Veg I know,"People say it is a ""hate or love"" game, but do not go further with explanations. As I see it, the target audience of the game are the people who grew up in the Soviet Union, and thus who can relate to the environment, visual cues, and the cultural references. The westerners politely refer to it as an ""alternative vision of the post-apocaliptic world"". The younger Russians expect the constant stream of scares, explosions, and monsters -- just like it happens in any other western game. The target audience of the game likes the references to the dread of the countryside and poor people's living. It makes them recall about the heinous post-collapse 1990s, and allows them to re-live those years gone by when they were young, and had relatives and friends whom they held dear, and some of whom are not here anymore. I personally can relate to the ending of the game. This was the first game in the last 5 years and maybe 20 games which kept me awake until the early morning until I finished it. I bought it at the ""-70%"" sale, but it is worth to me the full price."
,Recommended,466500,23282874,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,JollyJoe,"A great atmospheric game that throws you into the Russian Wasteland, after an epidemic has killed most of the worlds population. You and your friend venture out to try and survive by gathering food and medical supplies that can help you out if you get into trouble. Something that seems to stalk the two protagonists where ever they go. Exploring woodland, underground and urban areas, you search to unlock what happened to your loved ones. The only downside to this game was i encounted a couple of bugs that required me to restart my game and play back from a previous checkpoint. Also the translation isn't the best. If the dev's want me to fix up some of the English sentences, give me a shout! Overall though a very immersive game that i really enjoyed to play.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPp39oNM448https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRtq4KCWTnohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLS6f_oseJw"
76561198013925602,Recommended,466500,23263113,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,vladiweb,"Perhaps playing under an hour doesn't allow to write an objective review, but I am blasted away by this game right now (I bought it actually immediately after I found it here). The atmosphere is unique and very Tarkovskian (you literally feel the influence of his movie ""Stalker""). Minimalism of gameplay possibilities is great, spare dialogues are very fitting.I am playing it in Russian, so the voices acting is pretty good so far (even if there weren't an actually dialogue till now). The absense of background story explanations or such things is very immersive. You forget about meta level playing this game. You are playing not the aftermath of disaster, you are playing just presence with its dangers. The spare sentences and speech lines are very good, being deep without pretension to be deep.The forests are very authentical. I know such places, since I roamed alot as a kid across such forests with forgotten villages, broken cars and calm quietness of nature. Graphics are what they have to be: good, smooth, awesome light. You literally want to make photos all the time. It's not a photorealistic orgy like Uncharted 4 or such, but you don't need it here.Short: everything fits in one piece of art. I don't regret not to wait till sale - because the nature calls. OK, I'll gotta go into the muddy greyness of the forest again. CU there.P.S. Again and again: wonderul and detailed world."
76561198112866114,Recommended,466500,24902136,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,kyzka,"35mm references the camera that you have at your disposal throughout the whole fairly dictated journey in this walking simulator/foreign film type of game which emphasis is mainly placed about a viral epidemic which has swept through the mother land and its overall effects. If your thinking that its your typical Zombie game, then you would be wrong as the virus eventually kills them, it does not keep them alive. If your thinking this is an open world game, then again you would be wrong as the levels only gives you that illusion, but travel in any direction for about 10-20 seconds you are bound to hit an invisible wall.Instead it's all about atmosphere and trying to tell a story what life would be really like. Your character who looks somewhat like the single Russian developer of the game (and can be found herehttps://new.vk.com/ferumss) finds a stranger to travel with as he tries to get home. There is no introduction as to who each other are and very little conversation is ever made between the both as it seems that both are struggling to come to terms with what has just happened to their country.I haven't had much favoured history with Russian developers as my review on the game 'One Night' would reveal, but in all honesty this is probably the best example with promise and hope that I have ever seen from a single Russian developer. He has done a number of things correct. He has given the notes and dialogue to a proper English translator before releasing the game. He has had the game tested by a select few to find bugs also before release to public and the animation and backgrounds really do add atmosphere.However there is a number of things he has done wrong. Your companion for one thing, walks so slow he serves as an eyesore and you just want to find the guy a wheel chair so you can move him on quicker. You can easily keep hitting him in the head with a box which literally sends him crazy and he will start to spiral for a while before shooting off on a walkabout in the wrong direction. But nothing to worry about as your companion will hit one of those invisible walls in no time and eventually correct himself.You have a torch which can operate without batteries, but the game still requests you find batteries anyway which you will never need. The game also requests that you constantly find food which again you will never need. So why collect the stuff? It doesn't add anything to the game. There is no visible tally to the gamer. So why put it in there? The worst part is that your character constantly tires out within 5-10 seconds of running, forcing you to SLOW down. Why? O Why? Why put something so aggrevating as that in there? This isn't a FPS. So Mr Developer are you just trying to pad your game now by making us walk slow? We are not stupid we know your game is not long, so why place something into your game which only serves as a unneccesary frustration?With the best of my knowledge there are three endings to the game. The best I can describe it is that the endings are based on the amount of notes and secrets you find to the game. Everytime you find a secret your screen will slightly flash. Find enough secrets and you get a good ending which in all honesty isn't that hard. The biggest problem as stated before there is no tally visible to the gamer which tells you how many secrets you have found and most of the secrets have no bearing on the game whatsoever. If they were to open a gallery, or extra achievements that would be ok, but most of them do not. If they were to open up some sort of customisation where you could change the colours of your weapons then that would be really cool, but alas it never happens.In a nutshell there are parts that i enjoyed to this little adventure and there were just as equally many parts I were praying would be over quickly. The ending lacks any punch and at the end of it all you will be asking yourself what the hell was all that about. The girl in the end kind of looks like the developers current girlfriend and was wondering if this was some sort of personal gift/hint to her as there is also a child in the end photo, but I could be barking up the wrong tree there and I see no mention of it anywhere else.In final if your the type of guy who enjoys hitting your companion in the head with a box and turning him into a 'Crazy Russian guy' who instantly starts travelling all over the place then this maybe the game for you.The below video is me playing half of the first level, it should be enough for you to work out if you would enjoy this or not. Thanks for reading.https://youtu.be/neQLkWAOC_A"
,Recommended,466500,30132111,Posted: 23 February,all,Sinful ┼,"I'm not going to say I love this game, because I don't. Some very key features are missing and some things are aggravating. Although this game isn't the best it is still enjoyable.Pros:Good graphicsGood StorylineSurprsingly well done for a Unity Engine gameSpooky atmosphereAI setup is uniqueUnreal soundtrackCons:Too dark, yes the atmospher is spooky and dark, but having to use your flashlight in broad daylight to see your way around on full brightness is a bit too much.So slow, when you walk at a snails pace and running is the only way you'll get anywhere, need to be able to run further between taking breaks.Autosaves need to be more abundant, its painful when there's an autosave every 40 minutes of gameplay. Dying and restarting from cut scene, actually contracted gonorrhea from lack of autosaves.All in all this game although having some relatively major flaws this game turned out pretty well. An honest 7/10"
76561197995017340,Not Recommended,466500,24005598,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,sixsix,"Quick summary: 35MM is deeply flawed on numerous levels but I can't bring myself to hate it. Only buy this game if you are fully prepared to look past numerous clunky game mechanics/very vague guidence and enjoy the atmosphere of the game.-When I bought this game, I had just finished Firewatch. A slow narative driven journey through an empty countryside where you rarely interact with others (It's a fantastic game by the way). With the journey I had just been on in mind, 35MM looked like a perfect way to continue that first person 'walking-simulator' experience and for the first half an hour it was.The bleak atmosphere for the game and scant story falls in line with other russian simulators such as S.T.A.L.K.E.R (Did you know that is based off a book, by the way?) We join our russian prontagionist on a journey to somewhere for reasons vaguely explained. Which works just fine for me - so I settled in to enjoy the game.Unfortunately from then on in the problems started to become apparent. Subtitles in badly broken english that keep changing position and are unreadble on light backgrounds, reams of untranslated dialogue some of which is cartoonishly reminisent of 80's kung fu flicks where they would talk for ages only for the subtitles to say a few short words.The animations are stiff presets and if you trigged events out of order actors will fly through you to their new position.None of the games controls were explained leaving you to try keys until things happened, if you died when there was text on the screen it stayed there forever until you restarted the game and even that wasn't enough as sometimes it would launch with the language set to russian for no reason. Don't even get me started on how bad the guns are, lack of hit animation or incredibly non-specific instructions that leave you googling russian guide to figure out just where the ♥♥♥♥ a password is.I could go on but at this point it would just be whinging. The game is still under constructions and marked as such for a very good reason. I probably t shouldn't even be on steam at this point given how unfinished it is. But the steam approval process is a mysterious one and I like gambing on cheap games so here we areIn the end, despite all the negative things I have to say about the game I can't entirely dislike it, I can't reccomend it either though. The heavy forboding atmosphere and very russian take on the story is nice. It's quite different and even refreshing to have a game where you have to read subtitles for the dialogue and although simple visually it's passable.Is that enough to outweigh all the negatives? For me, no. I would suggets waiting until it has been heavily patched and trying then. Or trying one of the stalker series which fills the same gap.I look forward to seeing how this game is updated in the future and wish the dev and his team all the best.PS I can give you a list of the bugs I found if you'd like."
76561198000593635,Recommended,466500,31950130,Posted: 25 May,all,otacon38,"This game is not meant for everyone, but if you like slow story and basic exploration, the ambiance in this game will make you like it.It's like a very personal movie, and a good interpretation of a world's endWas nice, little bit frustrating but nice :)"
76561198048974498,Recommended,466500,24372521,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,rjmacready,"In 35mm you play an anti-social loner, who visually does an admirable job of impersonating a surly bearded puppet, and hates his best friend so much that he insists upon running off ahead of him on a frequent basis (said friend is deeply depressed, one suspects, and is seriously entertaining thoughts of suicide; understandable enough, given the apocalypse an' all). Which isn't to say that our protagonist is completely lacking in a conscience: if he gets TOO far ahead of his mopey companion, he will decide that he can go not a step further, even if there is a house well worth searching mere metres in front of him.All the while, his friend will silently wait hundreds of metres away for his return, before they resume their plodding way across the (admittedly impressive) landscape, in their epic journey to arrive at nowhere-in-particular. The truly sad part is, they still can't find more than the occasional handful of words to say to each other throughout their travels. The Russians obviously have a bit of a rep for being a slightly mirthless people; but seriously, it can't be THIS bad, can it?Now, back to the subject of ""epic journeys"". I've long been a bit ambivalent about so-called ""open world"" games, and there are parts in this game where, literally, you can turn 360 degrees and walk in any direction through a seemingly endless wilderness or cityscape. But wait, before you say that sounds good to you, the truth is, most of these directions don't actually lead anywhere, and you will eventually hit an invisible wall and be told that you ""do not need to go far""...which I think is pidgin English for ""I should not go any further in this direction"".Then you get given little ""missions"", like finding the means to boil some water over a campfire. Given that you're camping out in a barn at the time, there's no end of houses nearby, but it's a total crap-shoot as to which houses are actually accessible and/or liable to yield anything useful. And the (invariably wooden) doors in this game are nothing if not inconsistent: some open, some rattle to show they are locked, some can be axed down, and others seem to have all the interactivity of the walls directly next to them. You just have to try your luck, and hope for the best.Now, I know that plenty of ""open world"" games don't limit you in this way, but seriously...gimme a bit of linearity any day. Wandering around in endless circles is just BORING, especially when nothing is attacking or threatening me the entire time; not that endless spawns of enemies would make things any less frustrating, but still...Add to this the fact that the aforementioned quest for water led me to acquire a bucket, then find a water pump - from which I could freely draw water! - yet for some strange reason, I couldn't fill my bucket this way and instead had to find a well and fill 'er up there instead. (Not entirely sure whether that's ""logical"" thinking there...maybe I could have fulfilled my task with EITHER method?!) Anyway, point being, the ""open world""-y aspects of this game don't entirely work, and that's doubly frustrating for someone like myself who doesn't much care for open worlds even on a good day (message to the devs of the world: not ALL gamers want Skyrim every single game they play).Oh, and needless to say, expect to get lost...LOTS. I know I did. I suspect that nearly half of my playing time accounts for that fact.There's plenty of other quibbles I could point out. The rare occasions when you are forced to fight for your life are...a bit ♥♥♥♥♥♥, to say the least (a sequence involving some wolves and a gun severely lacking in ammo is especially aggravating). And while there aren't that many opportunities for getting yourself in truly life-threatening danger, at least in the early part of the game, the save points can sometimes be insultingly few and far between.Some of the architecture is a bit bizarre (the backs of staircases which couldn't possibly exist, once one views the house from the outside; a stove in the corner of a room which would otherwise appear to be a bedroom), and many an item is no less perplexing (you'll pick up no end of food and flashlight batteries which you never once need, and finding the items which you DO need is like searching for needles in ♥♥♥♥ing haystacks). And let's not forget, of course, that being a Russian game, some of the English translations are...somewhat imperfect, to say the least. But you still mostly get the gist, not least of all because there thankfully isn't that much to read.Oh, and the game's title, seemingly derived from a stills camera which you carry, but don't need to touch even once in order to complete the game? Yeah, a wee bit perplexing. Actually, a lot of the design ""decisions"" in this game are a tad on the perplexing side. But enough negativity. There's some positive things I'd like to say about this game, also.On the whole, the graphics and sound design are excellent - especially if this was mostly accomplished by just one guy, which the credits seem to suggest - and the atmosphere is borderline exceptional. This game also has an extraordinary sense of ADVENTURE: there are a lot of moments when you almost forget you're playing some super-indie Russian game, and almost think you're playing a first-person version of The Last of Us, or perhaps a slightly more ""budget"" version of Metro 2033. So at least seventy-five per cent of the time, the ""immersion"" quotient of 35mm is quite high, and in spite of not much of anything happening for most of its length, I found the whole experience oddly compelling and ""play-on-a-bit-more""-ish (at least 'til toward the end, when I frankly began hoping it would all soon be over).There's also the odd decent puzzle to solve, and the ""story"" at least has its moments, even if it's a long way from exemplary. I do, in any case, look forward to this guy's next game, but strongly suggest that he finds some collaborators (especially ones who speak English!) in the near future.Chalk this up as my ""have-fun-getting-lost-in-spooky-environments-while-wondering-what-to-do-next"" simulator of 2016, and feel free to take that as a plus or minus as you please. Whichever way you look at it, this is definitely recommended ONLY to those who enjoy ""walking simulators"". Actually, I can put it a tad better than that: you've at least HEARD of ""independent European art films"", right? Well, welcome to the brave new world of ""independent European art GAMES"".Hey...at least that's a darn sight better than the recent spate of ""hastily whipped-up European scam-jobs"" which us horror gamers have been enduring of late. Am I right, or am I right?Verdict: 7.5/10.(PS I really, really, REALLY hated the bit with the wolves.)"
,Recommended,466500,23265911,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Hemorrhoid,"FIRST IMPRESSIONS:I.Poured the gas into a railroad cart. It's somewhat reminiscent of Metro, but instead of shooting radioactive mutants, I'm shooting pictures with my 35mm camera. And no, it's nothing like Pokemon Snap. However, for a game I had little to no expectations of, I can say I'm pleasantly surprised and constantly catch myself thinking that it's pretty decent for being developed by a single person.And now I'm off the cart and into a new area that can only be described as quintessentially ""russian"", my friend whose name I have yet to hear marches onward towards our first encounter with other humans. This is where they introduce game mechanics similar to Telltale Game's Walking Dead series, e.g. timers and button mashing. It's obviously not there to create a challenge, rather it serves as an instrument to the game's atmosphere, narrative, stream of consciousness, or whatever you want to call it.Something that I keep encountering when I'm playing this game, or in one example, while I was on a short little mission to fill up a bucket of water outside in the dark, is a sense of dread that's not unlike that of a horror game. But what makes this unique over any of those games is that there's this prevailing sense of dread in certain moments, and it's mostly derived from I think is fear of the unknown. Everything about the game is mysterious, from its Russian origin, the shoddy translation, slow paced gameplay, it's all so silently overwhelming. And that's incredibly clever. I think that sums up what this game is to me. It's clever and it's obviously the summation of many hours of love and diligence that only a one man production effort can possibly accomplish. It's not polished, it's doesn't make your eyes pop out, at least not yet. But it's a GAME, whatever that means, and it's interesting and original, despite being yet another post-apocalypse game.t.b.c."
76561198022395043,Recommended,466500,23641630,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,your_breakfast,"This is not a 1st person shooter. It has the same controls but it's more of a very slow-paced interactive storytelling from the 1st person perspective. If you don't enjoy walking around and looking at the scenery then it's probably not for you.As a person who lived in Russia as a child, I confirm that the russian atmosphere was created damn well.Currently the game feels kinda unfinished, but it seems like the developer is collecting feedback and fixing things up."
,Recommended,466500,23248725,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Leaden,I do not understand about complaining on walking simulator. Definition of game genre is not important at all. Only one thing important - this is most atmospheric game in last years. You are here not to play and have fun. You are here to feel.
,Recommended,466500,24194638,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,OriginalXTS,"This is to be in addition to you reading other reviews.   I love it!!   It's beautiful and the sounds can get you on edge, especially with ear buds in.. when you are in areas that feel risky.  I'm enjoying the storyline and the adventure.I don't leave many reviews. I don't think I'm good at it but I do want to share what I like and what makes it enjoyable for me."
76561198002051760,Recommended,466500,25770713,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,X3nus,"35mm tells a story of a post-apocalyptic world, but is is very different from what you can see in other games or movies. In this quiet and desolate world, reclaimed by nature after the global epidemic, ordinary people are just trying to live their lives, slowly returning to its old ways. It's not another game about chaos and a chosen one hero, it's a travel of an ordinary man through the remains of the old world, and a philosophical story about life and about people who don't need action and crazy fighting for survival, but are simply tired from these troubles and just want to live. The game is slow-paced and almost meditative, it won't point you what you supposed to do or how you should feel about all happening around you, it actually encourages you to think by yourself.This game was developed not by a studio but almost entirely by one man, so there are some gameplay flaws and unpolished features, but its unique atmosphere makes it more interesting to play than many huge open-world and story-rich games. The game has a lot of memorable moments, events and locations and often surprises with unexpected turns. The exploration part is interesting and rewarding, sure if you like constant action you will be bored, but if you're enjoying the atmosphere, the story and want to understand the world better, you'll be excited! Technically the game is done great as well, it does not feature anything outstanding but you'll enjoy beautiful sceneries (that lighting in sunny locations!!!) and atmospheric music.Personally I am very impressed about this game and would recommend it to any fan of exploration and story-oriented games, and generally to anyone who are tired of clichés and wants to experience something new and different."
76561198040810803,Recommended,466500,23438173,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,[ATF]Woron,"I do recommend this game because of its bleak atmosphere in a post-soviet style. I love the Russian  dialogs but I'm happy about the English subs. Unfortunately I don't speak Russian. 35MM is not about an post-apocalyptic world - as it seems, this is just the setting (framework) for a personal tragic story which could happen anywhere and to anyone. You also can look forward to a well done surreal sequence with its own kind of humour.Graphics are well done as well as the game music - also the usage of classical music. The sounds effects could have been better though. I do recommend listening to the OST (DLC). 35MM reminded me of ""Stalker"" the game by GSC and of course the movie by Tarkovsky (entering the Zone with the track motor car).Some suggestions how to play 35MM for maximum enjoyment:Explore everything within the given area, otherwise you will miss half of the game. Take your time and don't let your companion push you forwards - he will wait for you anyway.Hint: You can either use your knife to deactivate booby traps or just jump over them (not recommended, too risky)."
,Not Recommended,466500,25650409,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,MW2K,The goodGraphics are OKOccasionally haunting atmosphereTries its hardest to make a point about loss and survivalIt was reasonably cheapThe badDefault walking speed is painfully slowYour character is forever hungry and/or dizzyGlacially-paced gameAnd worst of all - it's boring
,Recommended,466500,32332636,Posted: 10 June,all,little miss communism ☭ ☠,"To say that this game is made by one man, its great. It can be a bit slow paced at times but is set in an interesting reality and has an interesting story. One of the things I love about this game is the particles and lighting. In some cases the lighting in this game is amazing and is better than big games like GTAV or CSGO.This game is very well done and has had some real effort and care put into it.I respect whoever made this game."
76561198047610539,Recommended,466500,33466011,Posted: 11 July,all,Alter Ego,"An incredibly atmospheric walking simulator with very simple puzzles here and there along the way. Rough around the edges. I mean, very rough. Done by one man after all, so beware. But due to its special theme and vibe, this game is really one of its kind. And that's what redeems all its flaws to me.Imagine S.T.A.L.K.E.R or Metro 2033 stripped of their gameplay routine almost entirely, with only the atmosphere left to focus on. Viscous. Bleak. Creepy. Meditative. Unspoken... It's like a gamified Andrei Tarkovsky's movie. So if you are a fan of his talent or enjoyed the games mentioned above primarily for their atmosphere, 35MM is simply a must-play title for you!"
,Not Recommended,466500,33096164,Posted: 1 July,all,GetBeaned,"The fact this has mostly positive reviews makes me lose faith in everything. I'm all for having your opinion, but this is the only game I cannot see how anyone can be at all positive towards.So the glaring issue from the offset is that the game handles like♥♥♥♥♥♥ When the constant feeling of wading through thick mud isn't nagging you, then the absolutely pointless stamina and need to crouch to pick up half the items will.After 15 minutes I lost almost all hope for the game being remotely enjoyable, since the translation is very poor, both in spelling mistakes that I can overlook to simply abysmal writing, which I hope for the love of God is actually a translation issue and not the intended result. The game looks okay. Some of the sounds are okay (emphasis on some, half of them sound like they were ripped straight from a game from the 90's). But none of it saves what is an incredibly monotonous, boring, glitchy and simply put pointless experience.From what I can gather from the positive reviews, people are praising the story and characters the most, in addition to the Soviet setting rather than a typical American one... Really? The story is non-existent for 98% of the game. I don't know my characters motivations for wanting to go to the city. It's never developed, nor is the world and the events that led it to become the wasteland it did. You can look at a few notes that go into minor details about the virus, but the foundations are so weak you never want to.The idea that the shift from the stereotypical rugged, grizzled and tortured white guy from America is any different to rugged, grizzled and tortured white guy from Russia is at all special or interesting is mind-numbingly stupid. The protagonist isn't fleshed out even a smidge. The♥♥♥♥♥♥that comes out of his mouth is so uninteresting it makes me wish this ""walking simulator"" took a few tips from The Stanley Parable and let me off myself 2 minutes in.Rest of review might have spoilers.The ending made me both groan and laugh at how embarrassing the attempt to tug at the players heart strings is. Essentially, you spend the game trying to get the city to get to your apartment to look at a ♥♥♥♥ing photo album. This in itself isn't I'm opposed to. Say the character was a Mad Max type and the world had gone to pot and the game did a good job establishing both of these things. I could believe that a man with nothing to live for would want one last look at his family before he decided to die. It's nothing grand, but it doesn't have to be. It merely sets the foundation for a good story to be told through the rest of the game.35MM doesn't do this. Instead you get a flashback about a wife and kid you never hear about dying in a car crash tothe guy that just so happens to be travelling with you throughout the entire gameI was in shock when I saw they did this. The only character to have any backstory was your ""mate"" as the game goes on calling him. It's said that he lives in pain of his past due to a car crash. This is the only time character development is even attempted and the game expoloits it for an enormously crappy twist.I'm focused so much of the characters and story because the game is a walking simulator of sorts, in that you do loads of walking but unlike a lot of other games in the genre, it throws in puzzle and point and click elements in too, which make the game even more of a chore to play. When your game is so heavily reliant on something other than gameplay, you must ensure it's especially good. I don't play Gone Home or The Beginner's Guide for the thrill of holding down the W key. I play them because they have good stories with fleshed out characters and explore interesting themes in an engaging way.35MM doesn't do this. Instead you wander around a faux-open world with invisible walls for hours with nothing to engage you at all. It occasionally throws abysmal gun combat at you for some reason which, like everything else, is boring.I don't go out of my way to play bad games. The ratio of good to bad games I play is heavily weighted towards the former, and as such when a game like this - a game I had huge hopes for due to a unique premise and an evolving genre - comes around I'm left feeling like I've played the lowest of the low.I don't know how much I spent on this, but I feel ripped off."
76561197973910446,Not Recommended,466500,30934083,Posted: 3 April,all,Marty Chonks,"The negatives:- very short: 4-5 hours at best, less than 2 hours if you hurry (my 10 something hours were enough to finish it 3 times, earning all the achievements in the process and not rushing on the first playthrough- mind-bogglingly slow walking (as many have said before); it's basically half the ""usual walking speed"" of other games. This could've been excusable, but the game basically consists of walking/exploring.- no keys remapping (btw. if you sprint, you need to hold the sprint button the whole time, no toggle)- generally clunky/unresponsive controls, sometimes you feel like driving a truck rather than move as a person- no real depth in story or character (not many dialogs either, but that's maybe for the better)- really small subtitles (good luck reading them if you don't understand russian speech)- no way to skip cutscenes: no problems the first time around but not so much if you're on the third playthrough trying to get all the achievements (...was it yet another way to extend game time?)- free exploration is not particularly rewarding (other than for achievements/endings), because you constantly loose health over time (5 mins = 1 food-can; 15 mins = 1 medkit), the first time you play, there is a constant ""urge to rush""- low replayability value: there are several slightly different endings + achievements otherwise it basically wouldn't have any replaybility- general lack of polish; small bugs here and there (your ""mate"" suddenly running in circles, ""mouse freezing"", etc...)I could go on with smaller flaws but my review is getting too long.The positives:- great atmosphere; melancholic, almost depressing post-apocalyptic feeling (strongest argument of the game). One of the better post-apocalyptic atmospheres i've experienced in any games- a few tense, somewhat nerve-raking moments, without any jumpscares (...work mostly on first playthrough though)- good visuals and effects for a ""unity-engine"" game developed pretty much by a single person- good sound effects, most music tracks are fitting- level variation is alrightThe game definitely has its moments, in which it overshadows most of the many shortcomings, seen as this game was developed by mostly one person, i'd give it a 4,5 or 5 /10 despite of outweighing amount of negative points. But i simply cannot recommend it, because the gameplay was not enjoyable at all! It's probably more enjoyable to watch someone else play, than to play it yourself."
,Recommended,466500,30020284,Posted: 18 February,all,Comrie,"A slightly strange review, as while I had some serious issues with this game, I generally did like what they were aiming for.Pros:- The soundtrack is excellent, with a good blend of nice ambient and creepy sound effects.- The graphics are pretty decent really- The fact if offers more than other walking simulators (small combat, puzzles etc) was nice- Having a post-apocalyptic game set in Russia rather than America was a nice changeCons:- The subtitles...are pretty bad.- Some of the achievements and things to do are very cryptic. It may take a few playthroughs before you get all the achievements.- The combat can be difficult and isn't overly intuitive.Overall I liked what they went for and if a few things get brushed up on, there could be a proper winner in the future. Decent groundwork laid."
76561198083650646,Recommended,466500,28591972,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bustin Kaps,"This game is way cooler than expected!  To describe it, I think it's what the baby of a love triangle involving The Long Dark, Inside and any Telltale game would be like.  The story is great, the game play is smooth and the atmosphere is realistic.  And the fact that the development team consisted of one dude (as far as I know) speaks of real talent.  I only paid 3 bucks for it, but feel like I should have paid more.  You won't be disappointed even if you pay full price."
,Recommended,466500,23282947,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Kello.exe,"35MM is set in Russia, During a post-apocalyptic time. You start your journey with a friend of yours, i'll admit now. During the start of the game, iv never wanted to kill a companian/hope they would die more then your friend in this game, but now, i actually enjoy very much how the game is.It may be seen as slightly slow for certain people, but in my opinion its not for the fast paced gameplay, its for the Journey itself. The Atmosphere is really what wins it for this game, its amazing. Truly. Its spooky, its creepy, its dark, the atmosphere is also maybe depressing? in a way but a good way infact, but that is what makes it what it is. The way you walk around the towns, woods, wasteland with your companion slowly, has a depressing feel. It makes you feel as if you were the one walking in what has happend with a friend.10/10"
76561198060525283,Recommended,466500,23245777,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Kremlin,Love the creepy desolate atmosphere. Honestly anything set in Russia I find interesting. I haven't played too much so far but I would recommend the game for sure.
76561198068513925,Not Recommended,466500,23403545,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Thierry05,"When I started playing the game, I loved it, and I actually disagreed with the negative reviews here.Pretty much till about half way playing through the game it went like a blast. The graphics was not how I would expect of, especially when I saw animals and some of the npcs being animated, but I was giving this game a chance, since this was one of the first ever story/post apocalyptic game I have played (most of the time I play things like terraria or don't starve) and that the graphics does not matter if the actual story itself was gripping enough. Talking about that, the story itself felt rather gripping at the time, but had no real plot, and overall I was worrying more about the scenes that would scare me to death because of the unknown. But when I come back to think of it, it did not have anything to interest me, its not the sort of story that would give you so much emotion and give you something to remember about. It gives you puzzles that are hard to solve, and most of the time you are walking. Most of this may not seem like a bad thing, but a proper game should be trying to grip the player. After about half way through the story, the game seemed to tip itself upside down. I spent this half of the game listening to creepy sounds as I would crazily run around, trying to find out the puzzle. Yes, its atmospheric, but it got to the point that it was uncomfortable. It took ages for you to actually get back to the real story and there was no proper guideline as to what to do. I'm fine with a game with really hard puzzles but when it gives you no pointers and then you have to put up with a story which is not interesting, a game that mostly makes you hear creepy sounds rather than solve the puzzle, its just not how it should work. I am currently so close to the end yet I cannot find any solution at all. At some points of the game I had to use walkthroughs to actually solve the puzzles because I was too focused on the fact of how scary it was. Although to some that is fun a) it spoiled the game and b) this game, along with all its other traits, made most of it seem like the game was just trying to creep you out rather than a proper story as to why you should experience this in the first place. It reminds me (remotely) of fnaf, where its just having scary things to 'compensate' for the weak story. The story is like the backbone to a game yet its not there!The conclusion:The way it scared you was brilliant, but it had no proper story and like I said before, it would just compensate this by adding creepy scense. I'd love to finish the game, but it's overall not convincing enough to go through these poorly made scenes. If it had improvement to the story and such, maybe I would change my mind, but It would probably be better if the price was lower, for it just doesnt have the traits you would want to pay for in this sort of game."
,Recommended,466500,34106734,Posted: 8 August,all,Phantom_Wolf,"Not as good as I expected, but it's okay pretty much.It was much shorter and slower than I expected, but there were still a lot of fun.I bought this game because I liked photography. While I can't say for sure why it was named 35MM, 35mm is popular focal length especially for street photographers. The film camera in game seems to have a 35mm focal length lens, as evident by how wide the pictures are.Lots of things the game doesn't tell you how to do, such as you're hungry when your screen flashes and that hunger and health is pretty much the same (Because you can use food or a FAK). Also doesn't tell you why your screen flashes and I had to find out by searching.Quite difficulty without walkthrough, lots of places have objectives that are not very obvious. Maybe this can take your time.Has trading cards if you like that, and also has achievements which don't seem too hard.Lots of work has been put into giving a very cinematic feel. It's kind of like Life Is Strange's kind of cutscenes. Lots of selective focus and flare. Graphics otherwise seem good but may look less pleasing up close.Performance friendly-ish, I did crash a few times and I didn't turn SSAO and motion blur on, but that's about it.Pretty good story. Not very much re-playability I suppose.Now, because I like photography, let's review the camera!Can't use viewfinder.When you take a picture you cannot preview the composition, your field of view is tighter than the 35mm lens.No manual focus or even aperture control.Seemingly 1/infinity shutter speed, but probably because I have motion blur off.ISO 100 apparently but it's ok, the in-game HDR feature in the options menu makes the picture look very nice anyway.Not so strong flare resistance, in fact in some shots it's more flare-ish than player view.When hungry/injured, your pictures get the screen effect too (What the hell?).And probably the worst issue; THE SHUTTER LAG IS INSANE! The player takes like a second to move his finger to press the shutter release.Despite being a film camera it has seemingly infinite film though so that's nice.Edit: Also seems to be f/8 or something, very wide depth of field.Overall not a very photographer's game as I expected but it's a nice game after all."
,Not Recommended,466500,29094643,Posted: 7 January,all,Timecode,"There are some things to like about this, the atmosphere and the art style appeal to me, but overall I found it a bit clunky to control and a bit dull on the story front. It just didn't keep me interested."
,Recommended,466500,23700996,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The Underachiever,"I won't lie to you - this game does have its quirks.Odds are you will run into at least one bug, objectives are often unclear and leave you rather perplexed, and the English translation is imperfect.All these things seem petty, however, in contrast with the feel of the game; from the first moment the atmosphere isextremelycaptivating - so captivating, in fact, that it doesn't leave you even in the times of the already mentioned inconveniences.I mean it. I spent good twenty minutes running around a deserted village in rain looking for a gas canister that only appeared upon restarting the game,and I did not regret it.I was cold and felt like throwing my arms open, daring the gods to strike me with a lightning.Oh, and you get to take pictures! You wouldn't believe how much that makes the post-apocalyptic feeling more believable and enjoyable.What else would you do after the end of the world but try to somehow capture what once was?A must-have for walking simulator fans.Possibly the game to even convert those skeptical of the genre, on sale or some such careless occassion."
,Recommended,466500,28426601,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Kamarae,"I honestly love this game. For all of its flaws, the story and atmosphere really, really sucked me in to the point I played it three times to get all the achievements and endings.The story really impressed me to be honest. I bought this on sale expected a generic, post-apocalyptic walking simulator that would rehash the same general themes of either zombies/mutants/contagious virus, where our companion gets bit/killed/infected at some point and would either die or need to be killed. Instead, it truly is post-apocalyptic. A plague occurred, and most of the infected are already gone (I say most for a reason), and its mostly surviving in the ""new"" world, while coping with the loss of the old.There are a few things that should be mentioned, not so much as flaws since Im sure theyre intended, but probably more as things to be aware of. Food and supplies are scarce, and traps hit you HARD if they dont out-right kill you. Explore too much and youll run out of food/supplies, explore too little and you wont find enough to keep your screen from going blurry (intended, irritating feature, but I guess it keeps supplies relevent). There is some combat, as like everything else in the game, if it does damage, it does lots of it (mostly talking about the dogs scene and the one after).Graphics are exactly like the screenshots. A bit dated, but still very good. Loved the sort of drained/colorless feel a lot of places had. Only complaint is the hunger/low health effect. It darkens the screen and makes things quite a bit blurry. My first playthrough, I didnt pay much attention to looking for food/water/health kits, so by the end I was completely empty and trying to find my way around with my screen so blurred I was starting to get motion sick. So, lesson being, dont forget to pick up health kits, food, or water and you should be perfectly fine.Audio is great. Loved the music. Its relaxing, dark, and very ambient. Sound effects were nicely done as well. In the tunnels level, I was pretty solidly creeped out at points from just audio alone. Voice acting I cant speak to. I dont speak Russian, so I have no idea how well done the dialogue was (the translations arent the greatest). As far as tone/emotion, there were few spoken lines, but what was there seemed much better than Im used to from voice acted indie games. I actually enjoyed that the voice actors werent completely flat.Only real complaints are the screen blur, and some odd fever dream scene where you mow down bronze statues with a gun. It felt completely out of place, but its just one scene (and isnt too bad once you realize there are clips all over the ground near the backpack, where the statues were, etc...). I didnt run into any bugs though, and it ran quite smoothly for me.Overall, Id highly recommend this. Its one of the few games I picked up on sale, and later wished Id paid full price because I felt it deserved the money. For a small dev team (think I read somewhere it was actually just one dev?), I was very impressed and Im excited to see what else he releases"
,Not Recommended,466500,34384194,Posted: 20 August,all,frorran,"Let's start with the pros of 35MM.Story is decent.Cutscenes are very polished, looks great.Can easily run great graphical settings with a mediocre PC.Inventory is really easy, not hard to understand like in some games I've played in the past.Very atmospheric, music is also great.That's about it for pros, if I come to think of anything else I'll come back and edit it.Now for the cons.Audio is only russian.(Now that doesn't mean you won't understand anything, there are subtitles but not everyone enjoys reading.)Poor English for subtitles.For the subtitles it looks like Arial font was used with a font-size of about 12px. Which is really tiny. There's no dark background to the subtitles either like in movies. So at some points you can't see the subtitles. The developers were aware of this too, so at some points, particularly in the beginning, they just moved the subtitles to where the background of the text wasn't white.In the game there are notes, some of them are really interesting to read. But one thing is, the English is sometimes off on the notes too, which kinda killed my immersion.You naturally take a lot of damage, which is annoying because whenever you're at a low health the colors are split, like a RGB Glitch effect kinda if you know what I mean, the screen also gets blurred and you don't really find that many aid kits either.The general darkness of the game together with the fact that you'll be playing the game partially damaged most of the time makes the game kind of boring, there's not a lot of color. Which is kinda boring if you ask me.Sometimes you need to find things in the game to let you progress and I find a lot of these ""missions"" stupid and they suck up way too much time. The end chapter where you're in the city there's a guy who needs your help to find 2 batteries in order to give you a lockpick. Problem is, I ran around looking for these batteries for about an hour because they were nowhere near this dude. The random spawns are WAAAY too far off. I had to loot throughout the entire city, just to get a lockpick to proceed with the actual story.Character movement is awful, I feel like the character you play as is drunk out of his mind.With the amount of annoyance this game had, I'll have to say I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198053318542,Recommended,466500,23280630,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,The Sexy Bandit,"I couldn't continue any longer than I played. Not because it was lacking interest, but because of the same reason I stopped playing Tomb Raider. The shaky camera gave me motion sickness. I don't understand why developers still do this. Yes, I understand it adds to immersion, but scientifically, it's well known that video motion sickness is real. So in my honest opinion, immersion is not worth your well-being. I wanted to like the game so much, but I just couldn't get past the shaky, first person camera work. Either give the option to stop camera shake in first person, or take it out all together. The game play is simple and in truth, because it's always dark, it does give a very erie feel. However, with no backstory and limited directions, it does move pretty slow.If you can handle the camera shake and don't mind a slowly developing story, I would recommend. For an indie company, this is a wonderfully designed game. If you're wanting something like Fallout 4, then you're better off just buying Fallout 4. But If you're not an action gamer and you like story development, then give it a go.Officially I'll give it a reccomend because I think this indie developer deserves recognition, but personally, I can't play it anymore because I was getting too dizzy and I've been on it less than an hour."
76561198012003855,Not Recommended,466500,29755511,Posted: 6 February,all,Saturna,"I generally don't mind this kind of ""walking simulator"" game, but I found this one incredibly boring. It's also very frustrating and at points it was hard to know what to do."
,Recommended,466500,31890795,Posted: 21 May,all,A Good Nut,"A good game. Creepy, aesthetic, and empty.  I liked the secrets, the conflict, and the ending.  The achievements and references are awesome as well. Its a pseudo walking sim, so if you dont like those, then probably don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,466500,34300075,Posted: 16 August,all,Avenne,"I gave it my best shot.Extremely slow paced. Like a snail's pace. (Which might be a positive to some)Way too many invisible walls everywhere. Took the time to explore what I could in the first hour of the game, found a lot of stuff that I felt like should have been clickable but was absolutely nothing at all, so the world felt pretty devoid of anything interesting. Your partner at the beginning tells you to go explore, but it felt rather pointless.I can appreciate the work that went into this game, but it's definitely not for me."
76561198015294263,Not Recommended,466500,28754113,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Homespun_Fanboy,"From a technical standpoint, it's great, considering the fact it's been done by just one guy.Still, for a walking/talking simulator, the atmosphere is hit and miss, the voice acting is understandably meh, the second thing you've got to do in the game is just walk straight for two minutes without any dialogue (that's walking simulator all right). All while looking at a dozen dead trees with three twigs that don't differ in the slightest. So, basically, the production budget equal to a price of a cheese sandwich really shows.Deserves an A for effort and ambition, but the execution is kinda 4 copypasted trees out of 10."
76561198046734023,Recommended,466500,23358821,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,flazm,"Decent indie game with touch of russian soul develped by one person! It is not about shooting or jumping a lot. It's more about walking, making photos of beatiful nature and talking to your friend (not often), getting more and more information about the accident. Of cause there are some action scenes as well, but the real winner here is the atmosphere. If you love narrative indie expiriences and want to feel the whole spectre of emotions, surviving in the beatifull abandoned world somethere in the middle of ex-Russia this game is right for you!Have I mentioned that 35mm was developed by only one person? Oh boy, I am supporting this developer just to see what next he would come up with."
,Recommended,466500,31513664,Posted: 2 May,all,Vanroy Khassad,"35mm is a slow-paced first person atmospheric exploration game created by indie dev Sergei Noskov (Носков Сергей). The game puts you in the shoes of a russian dude named Petrovitch as he and his partner journey through desolate landscapes and decaying towns of motherland Russia.So, bottom line: Recommend or not? Yes, but the game is certainly not for everyone.The bread and butter of 35mm is undoubtedly the atmosphere. What makes it good is the harmony between its components. The art style went for a dim-coloured decaying realistic style, coating your surroundings in an unspoken (but overwhelming) feeling of sadness. This melancholy is further reinforced with minimalistic musical ambiance as it seeps from the background, submerging the player in the ever-present angst of a post-disaster world. The narrative is purposely enigmatic, concerning itself with issues like humanity and existentialism rather than sci fi. All of these components complement each other very neatly, and end up making a great atmosphere. You´re in for a treat if you dig this stuff.The game crafts its dark tone so neatly that some parts will feel like a horror game. The game won’t really scare you (aside maybe from a few parts), but it manages to build tension very well. Dont expect to get too scared, but the game has some great moments.You will quickly notice that the game´s English grammar is terrible, although the intended message is almost always comprehensible. Interestingly, this linguistic flaw seems to work for the benefit of the experience. As Alec Meer from Rock, Paper, Shotgun puts it, the game´s text “…reads like broken poetry, adding to the feeling of a world barely holding itself together”.Now sadly, 35mm suffers from a few headaches that do admittedly detract from the experience, and may even be deal breakers for some. These all boil down to gameplay elements, namely:-	The controls are sluggish and somewhat wonky, especially with the head bob turned on.-	It’s not always clear what exactly it is that you must do or find because of poor design choices. This will often lead to frustration.-	The game makes no effort whatsoever to teach its mechanics or how to reach your objective.-	Sometimes the game seems to have an identity problem. Although it is more an eerie walking simulator than anything else, it has some action, shooter and even quick-time event parts. Given the poor state of the game´s controls and mechanics, these parts… just suck. Fortunately they just make a small fraction of playtime.In conclusion, THE VERDICT IS:Despite being ultimately dragged down by poor controls and some tedious bits, 35mm shines thanks to its beautiful atmosphere, good music and mysterious narrative. I applaud this game for achieving harmony between musicalization, aesthetic design and narrative."
,Not Recommended,466500,29491604,Posted: 25 January,all,Mister_Bucket,"Buy it on discount, this one's a bit of a slog. The beginning was alright, but as it went on it just became tiresome. The underground bits further along we actually refreshing, but immediately following that section were two of the worst sequences in the game, one that was poorly executed from a playability standpoint, and another that made no sense whatsoever. The health system is very ambiguous. Hunger and health are tied together, and the only way to tell how you're doing is if the screen is fuzzy, or if the inventory notebook is covered in blood or not. There were sections of the game where I wanted to stop playing entirely, but I forced myself to keep going just so I wouldn't have another day with this game. I did like how many easter eggs there were, but it was hard to find the motivation to look for them after a while because the character movement is sluggish, and the bumpmapping can really get frustrating with all the debris."
76561197984921477,Recommended,466500,23600297,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Morbott,"Slow, meditative, beautiful, intense, sad. Those are words I'd use to describe 35mm.Over all I very much enjoyed this experience. It might not be for everybody, especially those who expect monsters, or a lot of combat, but for those of us who occasionally enjoy a little bit more reality in their escapism, this game delivers.Congrats, I look forward to seeing more from this developer.Hey, if you guys need any testers, I'd be happy to participate.:)"
,Not Recommended,466500,34069539,Posted: 6 August,all,LIKEUCARE,"Walking simulator and adventure hybrid. There is some exploration to do but the game world is filled with invisible walls.Objectives are never clear, making you walk everywhere trying to find something. The gameplay pace is VERY VERY SLOW.You HAVE to scrunge for resources like food, medicine or you die. Simple as that... but the game never tells you.The atmosphere is good, so is the soundtrack. The story, while being simplistic does the job. It is visually bleak, reflecting well the post-apocalyptic setting.At around 3h mark, the game kept freezing when I meet the bandits harassing an old man. Tried reloading game and even with a reinstall, no budge.Maybe you can be luckier than me but you be warned of nasty bugs."
76561198095721627,Recommended,466500,33642140,Posted: 18 July,all,kingbronksman,"I'm going to be completely honest and say that what most people are saying, in that how you'll either love it or hate it is absolutely true. It revolves around patience. I mean also the ending had me schleep which was kind of nice that it did end off with a little bit of emotion, but throughout the game you get an empty feeling. That may be how you are supposed to feel because it's the end of the world and you have little to leave for you don't attach to much. I liked it, so"
,Recommended,466500,31657249,Posted: 9 May,all,Guntario,"This is a pretty good game. Definitely worth the price. Took about 9 hours to complete, and I enjoyed my trek through this world. The graphics are decent, and the gameplay is decent, but overall, the game comes out as a positive experience. Recommended for a very casual experience."
,Not Recommended,466500,33154312,Posted: 2 July,all,xvermcr,"It could have been so much better, a gem. But the terrible gameplay just eats it all away. Why couldnt they have focused on their strenght, creating interesting enviroments? There are really interesting things in this game. I dont mind lousy VA, cheap translating, or bad animations and models.  But it is the awful semi-survival game gameplay with its weird hunger system which does it, not to mention combat. I want to explore and take my time looking at these places that they have created, but somehow my eyes start to freak out making everything blurry like I was drunk,  if I dont eat every other minute. And then these horrible savepoints, made perfect with sudden deaths.Instead of trying make something beyond their abilities and budget, the time could have been spent by enhancing the world, writing more notes for players to read, giving more history and stories to this death world (and giving more work on the plot as well). Collecting items, solving puzzles, exploring... why make it harder to yourself than it has to be, and most of all why make it bad by having something that is not necessary? People who are into survival action are most likely going to turn this down anyway."
,Recommended,466500,31474670,Posted: 30 April,all,cutiek,"I really don't get all the harsh criticism 35MM is going through! It is obviously not a AAA game, what are people expecting to get?____Does this game have some flaws? YESIs it enjoable nonetheless? YESPROS+ Environments+ Interactions that matter for the different endings+ Immersive music/sounds+ Story+ I actually got scared at some points and I liked it!MIXED+/- Graphics could be better but for this price I can't complain+/- Same for the english subs (Bonus: sometimes the translation errors are actually funny)+/- Fixed key bindings that for me were not comfortable but not terrible eitherCONS- You walk as fast as a paralysed sloth. No kidding. (Fun fact: you are faster when crouching)- Sometimes it is difficult (impossible) to understand what to do to go on with the game- Health is quite random/unclear____I'd rate this game 7/10. So, give this game a chance! Be patient and enjoy it as it is (;"
76561197987995710,Recommended,466500,27943543,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sonera,Expect not too much! Enjoy a good glass of red wine and put your headphones on! This game will unwind you after a long working day. Best played during a dark and cold night!!!
76561198059602769,Not Recommended,466500,30412387,Posted: 9 March,all,Susannah Luendorf,"To be honest, i expected something completely different. Post-apocalyptic without zombies or some kind of enemies that follow you from start to end was kinda new to me. The lack of an saving option, in addition to the long time between auto-savings is a pain. The lack of lighting is also kinda annoying sometimes. It's a fine game as long as you don't mind walking around with not much going on and sometimes picking some stuff up. If you're looking for some action, that's definitely the wrong game."
,Recommended,466500,33390341,Posted: 8 July,all,Porcupine Cat,"Contrary to popular belief, this is not a walking simulator. Anyone, who wants to turn off their brain, relax and just walk around, will be feeling somewhat stressed out as the game progresses: only the first half an hour could be considered a walking simulator. As it goes on, the possibility of failure is more and more prominent.But other than that, I very much recommend this game. I was playing it in Russian, so I don't know what's the quality of English translation - this might ruin some of the enjoyment. For me, the voice acting and the dialogue were the weakest parts as they sounded very wooden and unnatural.On the plus sides, the atmosphere is what makes this game absolutely amazing. We don't get this many games focused on post apocalyptic Russia, so this is something that I really appreciated. As someone who grew up in a post soviet country, a lot of the places ht very close to home and made me feel very lonely. The old soviet touch in everything made it a bit odd (sometimes it felt like the epidemic happened in the 80s, but then you see modern pcs laying around) but the village is the highlight to me: I have been to these villages and dachas and to me the feeling of nostalgia was simply overwhelming.I am not sure if this will have the same effect on people who did not grow up in the same atmosphere, but if you're interested in exploring a desolated russia from small somewhat cheerful cities to old villages stuck in time - do get this game"
,Recommended,466500,33592701,Posted: 16 July,all,plastic_balloon,"This game is a little masterpiece. If you like Russian landscapes, or that slow, melancholic and even Tarkovskijan atmosphere, there is a chance you'll love this.The experience is mostly based on beautiful visuals and concepts, with puzzle, horror and action elements; still, I wouldn't downgrade this to a simple and vulgar ""Walking simulator"".Needless to say, the realization is superb, especially for an indie.If you expect a fast, soulless game, then, this may not be for you. I have noticed many recent negative reviews.There is no game that lacks defects, but I'd say that, in this case, it is too easy to pick on an indie title that strongly detaches from the usual, brainless recipe that we are often offered.9/10"
,Recommended,466500,28274501,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,The Joker Steve,"When it comes to indie games, everybody is sceptic and with fair reasons. However, there are sometimes hidden jewels buried in the mud. Not that this game is a jewel or anything like it, but it does have its strenghts. Let's see some of the hits and misses with 35MM.Firstly, we have to bear in mind that this game was developed by a russian developer, so it's not going to have the best english that you have ever seen in a game, since he isn't a native english speaker. One problem I was faced with while starting the game was that it was in russian and I could not understand anything. I had to dive my way across the menu to change it to english. So, it would be a good idea, since your mayor public is going to be english speakers, to put english as the default language.So, having that out of the way, we can say that the story is not bad at all. I mean, it isn't super original but it conveys the amount of expression necessary to build the relationship between the two characters. The ending, although well thought, is not correctly executed, and as a result, it feels rushed and out of place. However, I liked the characters and the fact that I was invested for the most part.In terms of gameplay, the controls are clunky at times but pretty intuitive nonetheless. What I didn't enjoy at all were the action sequences... The QTE's were OK, but the fights with the wolves and the statues were plain annoying and frustrating, majorly because of the lack of available resources while fighting. If there were more resources around before the battles, they could've turned all right. Another annoying thing was the hunger and health mechanic. I cannot understand it for the life of me. And, at the same time is useless, because you have no punishment if you get to hungry aside of your screen losing color (which is really annoying). The camera feature was a nice touch, though.Finally, the visuals are quite decent. It's not top of the line graphics what you're going to see in this game, but you can definitely see the effort the developer put into this game in the designs and art style. The only complain I have in this field is the absolutely obnoxious screen effect of starvation from the hunger mechanics, which could have been replaced by a hunger bar and a game over screen when you actually empty it.In conclusion, 35MM is a somewhat good game, for a one person team, that has a lot of flaws, but that definitely shows the passion that this developer has for game design and the will to make a decent game with his own ideas."
76561197970728391,Not Recommended,466500,34669232,Posted: 1 September,all,Old Man 678,"Want to recommend this game, but just quite can't. Solid setting, atmospere, graphics and sound, but alot of pain in the♥♥♥♥♥stuff to do and alot of tedious stuff to do. While this works for some games, it doesn't quite work for me here. You walk forever sometimes with nothing to do, though the woods can be pretty creepy and look very nice. But some of the stuf you have to do and just the long periods of nothing going on, it just gets quite boring. It got to the point where I couldn't wait to be done and it took alot for me to not just up and quit playing. Had alot of promise for this game, but alas, it wasn't for me."
,Recommended,466500,23840490,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,A_Perfect_Champion,"Amazing game, Id definitely recommend it if you like atmospheric games. If you do choose to buy it, the begining was really slow in my opinion and I think a lot of people would get bored out, so keep that in mind if you run into that. However the game picks up quicker and gets a lot more fun."
76561198069886219,Not Recommended,466500,26162242,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,TheWalkingDaryl,"This game was a complete waste of 5.2 precious hours that would have been better spent doing almost anything else. Most of this time, of course, was spent wondering around aimlessly because this game is the definition of NOT INTUITIVE.Pros:Semi-good graphics (when you aren't injured for 70% of the game and your vision is blury AF)Very atmospheric...but gets old after probably 3 minutes...turns to a stagnant lull.*thinks of other pros to add...checks mental list of ideas...can't find any others.....*Cons: (oh boy this is the fun part)Gameplay is SLOW. As in you physically walk about as fast as an Irish snail the morning after St. Patricks day. Stamina is EXTREMELY low. Even when you are running, you're still very slow...Story is also SLOW. Wait...I mean...if there was a story. You get the feeling like they tried REALLY hard to imply a story in an abstract way, but ended up coming off as lazy.Combat is probably the worst I've ever seen in a game made after 2010. I know it was not the main focus of the game...but son of a pickle...I've never cringed so hard before while playing a game.As mentioned above, the game is not intuitive AT ALL. Controls are super janky.Levels are soooo confusing and their intentions for the player unclear. I like hard puzzels, don't get me wrong. But there's a diffrence between a challenging puzzel and a broken puzzel.Whole game is in Russian, and it has subtitles. I used English. Very broken translation. That is, of course, when the subtitles even showed up.Apparently this game has multiple endings, but there are only like 3 ""events"" in the game where you make a ""decision"" and they're so small and meaningless that you can easily skip over them, or do them but have no idea they have anything to do with the story.Overall, the game was just boring. I heard about this game's ""deep story"" and ""thrill of an adventure"" but it lacked any of the sort. You pretty much walk (at a drugged out/hungover speed) for 5 hours, doing menial tasks for your incompetent companion. I kept expecting it to pick up, maybe throw in a plot twist, have something scary, or hell at least give me a moral choice. None of these really happened.In summary, DO NOT waste your money on this joke of a game. Yeah it's a cheap price, but I could kick myself for paying even that."
76561197987404025,Recommended,466500,25970009,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jack Harbinger,It is the most Russian game I ever bought.Russian graphicsRussian game mechanicsRussian storyRussian depressionMore Russian than S.T.A.L.K.E.R and Metro and CSGO together
,Recommended,466500,27549189,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Groterood,"I really wish this game would take a lot longer to complete. I finished it three times already and the atmosphere and surroundings just really makes you want to keep playing. The gameplay is a bit meh and besides the different endings, the game is pretty straight forward. I've seen the devs listening to the community and fixing some issues, which is quiet rare for such small indie companies.All in all, it's a decent game (all being more about the feel than playing) and definately worth it for the couple hours of fun you'll get with this game."
,Recommended,466500,26464543,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Iiaeze,"Like most of its genre, 35MM's story has as much to do with its world compared to its characters, perhaps more so in this case. While everything makes sense by the end, the journey along the way lacks precise detail - all you know is that Petrovich and his friend wish to go to the city, what for is not clear. Nevertheless, the atmosphere and general world building stays entertaining.Visuals are quite nice, sound design could use some work in the more echo-y spaces of the game, and I did run into a few bugs where I couldn't pick up items, shoot, etc., though a restart fixed this.For fans of 'walking simulators' this is a must buy, for everyone else I would still strongly recommend a purchase if you value atmospheric games."
76561198280838708,Recommended,466500,29724204,Posted: 5 February,all,jess.harvey99,"Graphics and story line is amazing, only issue is the character walks really slowly so it takes twice as long to do anything"
,Not Recommended,466500,30611428,Posted: 19 March,all,cURLy bOi,"So as someone loving post-ap eastern games like STALKER and Metro 2033 I bought this game and was really looking forward to play it, but it was a huge disappointment.First the pros:The graphics and sound are very good. Which helps to present the amazing level design in a really good way. The story is also appealing. So basically, it has good content and it presents it well. But where does the player fit in?The cons:The gameplay mechanic is incredibly clumsy and counter-intuitive. You don't get any intro on how to play the game, but there is a menu item with description of controls (non configurable btw). The collision models of objects feel much bigger then the objects themselves (think about needing to go around an object and having to circle it in 1 meter distance). The pace of the game is so painfuly slow that you have to run all the time to get♥♥♥♥♥♥done in timely manner and not fall asleep.It just doesn't feel interactive to me at all, like a movie that someone decided should be a game at the last second and didn't give much effort to be playable."
,Not Recommended,466500,28522030,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,bigjosh50,"I was quite disappointed with this game, it starts off really slow and it really doesn't pick up until halfway through the game and even then there just isn't alot there. Half of the game takes place in a very dark environment where the flashlight your equipped with puts out barely enough light and turning up the brightness on my monitor just makes the game look un-natural, this game is  a 4 hour game and half of it goes to the frustration of trying to find things in the dark, there are simply better indies that fit this genre"
,Recommended,466500,28281272,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,[BB]Drifter,"Overall a pretty decent story line. Yes, there are a few issues for sure. I am not overly thrilled with the wolves but after you think about what you need to do it isn't impossible. I think there could be more content and I missed several objectives partly due to my wanting to go through the game to the end. I will likely go through another game and take the time to find all the objectives which gives the game some added value. Minor things like the captions and translations could be improved and I expect they might be in time. I bought the game on sale and have no regrets whatsoever. Lastly, speed up the start and normal walking speeds. Possibly add some hints for new players or variable skill level. If you thinking about buying the game and it is a style you are used to playing then do it. Purchased it on sale and would do it again at full price if some things are updated. Thanks. Also, the ending I had was with both original players still alive with cut scenes added an interesting twist. I understand there are other possible outcomes so looking forward to trying that path."
,Recommended,466500,34334004,Posted: 18 August,all,Lt. Dan,"Solid Game, just wish it wasn't so short.There's alot of ""you have to figure it out for yourself"" moments but overall they won't stop you from continuing on. Alot of wasted potential since there was quite a few moments when I thought, ""wow this is a cool mechanic,"" only for them to never use it again.Even though it had some problems, if you enjoy stalker or metro games it's a very nice story and world for you to explore. Worth the price it's being sold for, and I hope they make some extended polished stuff with the resources they used for this one."
76561198298670242,Recommended,466500,23501114,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,CrimsonLion,I'll just start off by saying this game is worth the money BUT the game has a couple things I'd like to bring up. For one when you start the game like I did for the first time I couldnt read anything because it was all russian in the menu lol. If you can navigate your way to the settings and change this to english ( that is if your english of course  ) then you'll be set from there. Two the game doesn't give any hints to where you should go or what to do other than a quick sentence you hope you heard the first time around and even that still kind of was hard to go off of in a couple points in the game.  Other than that really the game is great and looks good too. It will def. keep you on your toes and at other times just have you relaxed and compelled to explore around and see everything. It has a good story to keep you wanting to see what happens next. Def. worth playing and trying out if your into a this type of game.
76561198065545155,Not Recommended,466500,25714523,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Not Yet,"It was actually pretty at the beginning, the concept, atmosphere everything was so nice and the sounds were really relaxing, but I'm in BOR now and stuck probably forever and I just raqe quit just because an unkown creature have plantet a trip mine through a door where there are ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to protect, game is too unrealistic that it has nothing to do with ""surviveing"" you have to eat 10 cans each 5 mins in order to see ""normally"" otherwise you'll see the entire game blurred and all those atmoshpere is gone till you find at least 6 cans or something, and search however you want wherever you want, you just can't find anything, so devs were like; HEY GUYS LET'S MAKE AN AWESOME ATMOSPHERIC GAME WITH 0 OPTIMIZATION AND MAKE THE GAMEPLAY♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm just ♥♥♥♥ing going crazy right now I'm sooo glad that I got the game with discount, trust me, it'll seem so nice in the beginning but after 2 hours you'll be like ""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THAT TRIP MINE DOING THERE IN THE MIDDLE OF NOTHINGLES?!!?!!! AND HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ AM I SUPPOSE TO SURVIVE IF I NEED TO EAT 9043466346357234234 TIMES IN A DAY??!?!?!?!GOD I HOPE I COULD REFUND IT I'M SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF.And the worst thing is, when you die because of a trip mine wich is unknown to how to be gotten there, the game throws you back to beginning of the game and you be like ""okay fine, I can run through the whole place again and get to the place where I've been"" lol no you can't, after 3 min of periodically running, you'll act like you ran marathons with 9000000 km/h for 48 days, yeah I'm not joking try it yourself if you want!**IF YOU HAVE A LOW AMOUNT OF MONEY. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!**"
,Not Recommended,466500,29285180,Posted: 15 January,all,Corrosion,Cool game but has some serious bugs that are quite annoying. Also the fact that you walk about half a mile per hour is annoying.
,Recommended,466500,23345204,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,HealPleaseHeal,"I've just recently started a series on this game and I will say that it's pretty good. My biggest thing about the game is that you need to pay attention to what characters say, otherwise it's really easy to get lost  in your objectives. But that's reality, you're not always going to have something there telling you WHAT you have to do next.https://youtu.be/mMcJ9yZM0tg"
76561198056784688,Not Recommended,466500,24541287,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,whitewolf87912,"CONTEXTUAL SPOILERS IMPOUNDI think I spent less than £2 for this game during the summer sale. (or did I get it during some other sale? doesn't matter) It wasn't a waste of my money per se, but it was (and I'm sorry, but it's just a fact) a waste of my time, even though I enjoyed myself for a good portion of it.Atmosphere was pretty awesome, especially for a game made by essentially one person. There was a lot of time and energy that went into this, both of which I can appreciate. Minor thing as well, but important...I really enjoyed the music, and the fact that the soundtrack was free is what actually makes it worth the £2.There are some drawbacks though, I'll start with the forgiveable ones, then move onto the one that makes it so that I don't (unfortunately) recommend the game.MINOR1. The Russian to English translation is homebrew, and can be fairly poor at times. I believe I would have had a lot more fun with a proper translation. I'm calling this a forgiveable flaw because I'm taking into account the one-man production team, as well as the fact that the atmosphere honestly makes up for it usually.2. The gameplay in that there shoulnd't have really been any. Food as near as I can tell is completely useless as your character will slowly bleed health over the course of any level, but will never hit flat zero. There are two combat sequences you have to participate in, both of which last less than three minutes for a game that took me about 4.5 hours to finish fully (playing casually). This is a walking simulator with a gun mod attached to it, and it's wholly unnecesary. I just don't get it. I like walking simulators just fine if they're done right.3. The photography mechanic serves no real function except to act as an ""interactable"" in a few select situations (I think I remember exactly two times where I heard the chimes telling me I did something signifigant).And the MAJOR...The story was minimal, simplistic. That's fine. I can deal with that, but the ending is extremely confusing. It makes little to no sense if it's not supernatural/psychological. If it is supernatural/psychological? Then it kind of makes sense...I guess? But even if it does, it's a very very weak ending that does nothing to enhance any part of the game I just finished playing.35MM was a great experiment and a noble effort. However while I would gladly play another game that came from this creator in the future, I will not be doing another playthrough of this one. I am disappointed and a bit annoyed at the time I just spent going down the drain, but I can't bring myself to actually hate the game."
,Recommended,466500,23293799,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,The Patrician Nerd,"This game was made in the Unity engine, and it shows - it is clearly an indie title, and is rough around the edges in both plot, graphics and sound design. But it has a great deal of charm - the general world design is quite pretty, and I enjoy the quiet nature of trekking through a forest, stopping at landmarks to scavenge for food and supplies, all the while having tension build and build. It feels more like 'The Road' than Fallout in terms of it's apocalyptic design, and to me, that's refreshing. It's a strange feeling being near-defenseless and having to wander through the world, unsure of what will happen next.Sure there are quick-time events and wonky animations, and it could easily be passed off as a walking simulator, but the game doesn't advertise itself as anything else - it's an interesting, almost relaxing game that clearly has had a lot of effort put into it. I especially appreciate the work gone into making English subtitles for the Russian speech; even if they aren't perfect, it speaks to the level of commitment that the developers have had in making this game accessible to a wider audience (although I had to blindly feel through the default Russian menus to change it to English at first!).The camera element of the game is also very interesting - taking photos of the surrounding area and buildings reguarly makes for a new perspective on your journey when you flick through each photo chronologically in the menu screen, making every photo feel like a frame from a creepy, found-footage thriller.It's a niche game, but a good one at that - if you like more ambient, slow burning experiences, you'll love this."
76561197969333202,Recommended,466500,23258577,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,TimC,"This game is fantastic so far.  While the translations to English need VAST improvements there is an impressive pacing with its storytelling that drives you forward.  This game is bleak, thoughtful, and slow paced.  If these things scare you away from your Call Of Duty ranking then please, move on.  But if you're looking for something different...something that gives more thought to its characters and story, you'll be pleasantly surprised by 35MM.  Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,466500,24228730,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Z4NN1N,"It's a atmospheric post-apocalyptic story game with some puzzles. It is worth mentioning that the game is in Russian and the English subtitles are not that good. Despite that, the story is still understandable and followable and that is what it is all about.To me it seems that the developer aimed to create a thought provoking story game but the it did not click at all for me. It is unfortuante but not enough to down vote the game for that. It certainly has it's niche crowd who will enjoy it. For them, picking it up when discounted should be a good value."
76561198062085771,Recommended,466500,33875232,Posted: 29 July,all,matt19852085,"A great game, I enjoyed it its certainly different no sneaking around or guns blazing I can see why some people wont like it but give it a go I have seen slower movies than this game."
,Recommended,466500,24403601,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,StillOriginal,A great story and atmospheric game. It gives you the nice spooks but also enjoyment. It's about the atmosphere and it's amazing!
,Recommended,466500,35116416,Posted: 21 September,all,satsun,"Set your expectations accordingly, 35MM was made by a very small team, so it's quite ""indie"". Per the tags, yes, this is a 'walking simulator' but there is some action. I thought the story was good, I don't want to spoil it so this is going to sound very vague, but when you watch the ending you make a connection that you're not sure was intended during the game.I liked the relaxed nature of most of the game (I did mention there is a little action). The game English translation is a bit rough but it's not bad; all voice audio is Russian, so you'll need to read the subtitles if you don't understand the audio. The graphics and sound are exactly awesome, but don't let that keep you from checking it out; it would have been nice with surround sound.Steam says I spent around 6 hours in the game on my first playthrough, I did look around quite a bit and die in some traps, so that might be a longer play time. The game was alright, kinda mellow."
76561198049132070,Recommended,466500,23247181,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Trojan_Usp,35 millimeters is the best post-apocalyptic adventure for the last time with the incredible atmosphere.
76561198012683073,Recommended,466500,24926528,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,DemonhunterCXV (City B O I),"Pros:-Very good atmosphere-Keeps you on your toes-The food system is not bad (has its faults, but not much bad to say)Cons:-I wish it was longer :(-Maybe enable a way to change the headbob. Oh god."
76561197971016907,Not Recommended,466500,28690255,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jpkomm,"I wanted to like this game, I really did...  I actually enjoy games such as this, so when I picked it up on the winter sale, I was pretty excited. It feels heavily inspired by the likes of Metro 2033 and S.T.A.L.K.E.R. The plot though is so disjointed that it is hard to put together the pieces.  It is 80% a wild goose chase to go find some needed item that randomly spawns in the player's zone. Dialog is horrible, and the English translation in both sub-titles and notes/papers is difficult to read.  The game itself is a political statement and there appears to be more focus on getting that point across than to actually create a complete, emotional, engrossed experience that I believe the developers were trying to build on. Through the entire game I took maybe 5 pictures. Taking pictures wasn't really the ""driving force"" behind the game even though I think that was the whole point of the game. Anyways, if you are still curious, try to get it cheap.  Otherwise, it just felt like a bit of a waste of 4 hours. I left it on whenever I stepped away so I wouldn't have to start the zone over due to no on-demand in-game save feature."
,Not Recommended,466500,28992714,Posted: 3 January,all,Seaniemaurice,"Nutshell review: A 3 hour experience which takes about an hour before it actually has any direct motive. With some first person shooting segments that should never have existed and some questionable writing choices this would be a hard pass. However, this was made by one mad and still rather impressive. There was a pretty decent sequence that took place in a subway which reminded me of Metro 2033 and for that it might capture your interest. But overall, it's a 3 hour mostly lackluster experience and I sadly cannot recommend it.My full video review here -https://youtu.be/1ckTj4zHMTQ"
,Recommended,466500,34617220,Posted: 30 August,all,TheDantee - ダンテー,"35MM is a Decent Game to say the least, its a game where you can tell it was made by an indie devdeloper however it does show its self worth! The game has some minor flaws like not telling you when you need to eat or use first aid kits.... but I think its pretty obvious if u use these items whenever your screen starts to go gray. Graphics are not like stunning or anything but you can get some great shots ! I do like the more washed out color effect this game adds because it a more depressing effect. The story line is pretty good, I have seen peoples reviews saying it is more of a walking simulator, however thats not really true you do need to run from things and kill people/things etc as you work your way towards the city. I would rate the game 8/10 just because lack of instruction on telling you that you need to heal or eat because I know people may complain on this issue. Would I recommend someone buy this game, in short yes it has a good and short storyline that I think many people will enjoy."
,Recommended,466500,30458160,Posted: 11 March,all,NIИ,"Amazing game, Id definitely recommend it if you like atmospheric games. If you do choose to buy it, the begining was really slow in my opinion and I think a lot of people would get bored out, so keep that in mind if you run into that. However the game picks up quicker and gets a lot more fun.8/10"
,Not Recommended,466500,25556352,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Skeksis25,"Boring, bug filled tedium with a vague story told through badly translated subtitles. The game drops you somewhere in Russia(I assume) where apparently some disease has killed off most of the population and pretty much thats it. You have a companion who serves only to randomly give you unprovoked snippets of lore in Russian(with bad english subtitles) and objectives. World is filled with invisible walls, doors that don't open and other vague stuff. You don't really know what you are doing and why. It does the gloomy, depressing Russian countryside decently enough I suppose, but everything else is simply not up to par. I've had characters clip through walls, start spinning in place, be unable to pick up items and amusingly enough, have the whole menu turn Russian until I guessed which selection was the options key and change tyhe language back to English.Also your character moves so agonizingly slow. :("
76561198006363388,Not Recommended,466500,30436500,Posted: 10 March,all,CoLS Firestar,"Slow walking. Got frustrated when I kept running into ""you can't go that way"" messages THEN a ""you need to wait for your partner"" message. Of course, parter is nowehere in sight.Nah. Nuh uh. Done with escort missions and depending on some terrible follow ai. Never doing another one in my life, so I exited and uninstalled."
,Recommended,466500,23589926,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Blinky Dorf,"I successfully navigated the menus in Russian to switch the language over, and this has perhaps the worst English translation I have ever seen. Which is a shame, because I can tell that a lot of the meaning and atmosphere was lost in translation.On top of that, I managed to find the bucket and progress, but after quitting the game soon after, I returned to the game later only to discover that the bucket had dissappeared and would not return.I was unable to continue playing the game, so I cannot speak for the rest of the game's content. However, I think it has promise to be a good game to get on sale."
,Recommended,466500,23802278,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,✪ Nergal,At the time I'm writing this review I've played less than an hour and it's enough to understand what is great about this game. It makes you feel how a real 'end of the world' would be. Or at least how I think it'll be. The graphics are fantastic and so the environment and the atmosphere of isolation. Totally recommended. I'm looking forward to update this review whenever I have the chance to play it a bit more.
,Not Recommended,466500,24381219,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Jean Claude VelJohnson,"If you like moving at a snails pace while exploring depressingly drab environments to search for tiny hidden objects in near total darkness with zero guidance, this is the game for you! From scene to scene, you walk around in darkness (your flashlight doesn't help much), scouring a gray post-apocalyptic russia that is devoid of any character or personality in hopes to find specific items that let you move on to the next excruciating scene. As a bonus, the item placement is randomized, so no walkthrough can help you find that specific battery that looks just like all the other dozen non-interactive batteries, or that specific bucket in a village full of things that could be used to hold water.It has everything:-Awful QTE sections!-Unbelievably bad shooter sections!-A boring on-rails vehicle scene!-Ridiculously poor English localization, with several characters completely unsubtitled!-Amateurish character and animal animations that would have been embarrassing 15 years ago!-Checkpoint based saves, meaning you get to experience the tedium over and over if you fail!-No sense of character development, motivation or plot!-A non-interactive cutscene that makes your character wheeze and cough for the next miserable hour of play!Seriously, I've never played something that was so aggressively uninterested in entertaining me. Games don't always have to be fun to be important, but 35mm has nothing important to say."
,Recommended,466500,28469755,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kilroy,"Game about how humanity tried to play god in their little virus labs, and created something weird, deadly and terrifying.Strange virus(one of ebola stam) created by some ""genious"" from one of the government of the world, has mutated and took out most part of humanity. Most of those who survived became bandits or marauder, the rest are just trying to survive.About game setting: Reminds me Metro game series. Global disaster that took out the most part of humanity. Especially notable at moments with karma things and playing on musical instruments. well, with the exception of mutants.Good easter eggs, some reminds you about developer's first project(which strangely is still not in steam yet) some reminds you some movies, some reminds you some other good games.Basically game are worth to buy it. Fun but short game though. But awesome and good enough for solo developer.Well done Sergey Noskov, and good luck with future projects."
,Recommended,466500,23364593,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Guanjyn,"Glad I never saw the 'walking simulator' tag before buying as I would have probably skipped this. However there's definitely more to it than that. Yes, there is quite a lot of walking but there are other elements to it such as looking for supplies in empty houses/buildings, getting chased, and some combat. It's no Stalker game, but as far as atmosphere, it is certainly there and very reminiscent. I would highly recommend it for that last point if you did enjoy the Stalker series."
,Not Recommended,466500,24206091,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Xaerin,"Slow, plodding, poor english translations. Pointless exploration of similar rooms with nothing to interact with. You can pick up cans of food but never need to eat. Batteries for a torch that never dies. Open drawers that are empty 95% of the time. Then get to the end of the game and be no wiser about why you did any of it.Edit: Oh yeah, it's called 35MM and you carry a camera. I suppose so you can stop and admire the empty(other reviews call this ""atmospheric"") scenery. It's a title feature and whipping out the camera for a photo is one of the few things you can do at the start of the game. I took loads of pictures of what I assumed would be poignant people and places, but guess what? Taking pictures with the camera affects ... oh, that's right. Nothing."
76561198096079278,Not Recommended,466500,31890114,Posted: 21 May,all,FriendFive,"Argh! Why do I keep playing these walking simulator games? So few of them are any good. This game has good looks and atmosphere going for it, that's all. The world looks huge, but the are invisible walls everywhere, and not the kind that make sense, cliffs forests, large bodies of water. This game will have a path to some abandoned little building off in the distance. When you try to enter the building, or even circle around it, you find out via poorly translated message that you don't need to go that way. The game has Russian voice acting but poorly translated English subtitles. Also, your companion was implemented in a weird way. He doesn't follow you. Are you supposed to follow him? If you go off the path he doesn't always wait for you, so when you done exploring, you can't always see how far up the road he got. More annoying stuff...at one point, you enter a flashback but it wasn't clear that it was. I thought my character had fainted and woke up in another location. Anyway, I am not going to continue on with game any more. It has good world design, but bad game design. Life is too short to play bad video games."
76561198035275874,Recommended,466500,23345440,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ooj4yoo,"Excellent game! i finished it in just under 2 hours, but i enjoyed every minute of it, well worth the money. very atmospheric, and what an ending!!"
,Recommended,466500,28297110,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,[vodka]KARFAGEN,"Носкову С.С. мое почтениеПрям из монитора дыхнуло Артемом Мичуриным и Беркем аль Атоми.Спасибо за труд.P.S.Политическая активность очень полезно, только вот рассказывая о пассивности населения сейчас было бы неплохо и намекнуть на то какие последствия  могут случится, если население слабо представляет кого ведет к власти.Пример превращения Советской сверхдержавы в сырьевую колонию ярок и предметен, приведя к ЕБн и его шайку именно сие и получили."
,Not Recommended,466500,23871439,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Носков СергейPublishers:Носков СергейInitial release:May 2016Genre:Adventure, Walking Simulator, Action#Worth/NotWorth:#NotWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationI did not complete this game but I feel I've taken in enough to grasp that fact I don't want to.35MM takes place in a post apocalyptic Russia. There seems to be hints of some crafting and provision gathering mechanics but they certainly don't rear their head within the 1st hour. The first 20 minutes of the game I kid you not was spent walking down a road with minimal dialogue and interaction. I was able to leave the beaten path and away from my comrade however; I explored a total of four buildings gathering a single health pack or what I assumed was one as I never had to use it.So, you keep walking down this path. An event eventually happens that seems rather forced and is more quick time-y rather than anything else. And the game continues in this very slow, lethargic manner.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=712147246The game is most certainly visually appealing, that is if post apocalyptic habitats are your sort of thing.The voice acting seems okay, muted almost, not in sound quality but in tone. Which is appropriate for the setting; it's also entirely in Russian. It does indeed have subtitles though I ran into an area where the subtitles were placed over a fire in the background rendering the captions completely unreadable. The captions are not written in the most accurate English but that is forgivable as it's very apparent that English is not the developers 1st language. When it is readable, its understood what is meant.The game is extremely slowly paced which I, again, believe is intentional to evoke the over-bearing nature of survival and how heavy a burden that is. The problem with this is that I felt I was dying just playing it, walking along with them and was completely, totally and utterly NOT engrossed at all.THE GIST35MM seems like it wants to go someplace with its story telling but it takes so long for something even just trivial to happen you'll feel a part of the apocalypse yourself. Additionally, it seems like it takes itself too seriously. I suppose that is fitting but even still some comic relief is always welcome. Dark humor is a thing. It's just too slowly paced to get out what may very well be a decent story but poorly told.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,466500,31014846,Posted: 8 April,all,Xaba1993,+ Music+Sounds+ Story+ Graphics+ Atmospheric
76561197971417681,Recommended,466500,29382640,Posted: 20 January,all,Anacro,"Was expecting this to feature the camera more, afterall it's called 35mm. But I must have used the camera twice just because I could, I didn't really see the point in having it though.  The game is very slow paced, couple of bit's I thought were out of place.  There's multiple endings supposedly but I don't fancy playing through it again.  I did  enijoy overall, something a little different, ok if you can pick up cheap."
,Recommended,466500,32863804,Posted: 27 June,all,Bryan,"It is a good game. But why is it so effing blurry, you have to eat every 10 minutes. Also I think there should be more to explore and find. The elevator puzzle was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but got there in the end. Dont play this in one sitting, it will mess your eyes up and give you a headache. Got it on sale, worth it imo."
76561198028684718,Recommended,466500,29351204,Posted: 18 January,all,Exclusion Zone Bird,"An immersive walking simulator puzzle game with an atmosphere similar to S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and Metro 2033. The game starts off slow, but picks up pace as you play and becomes increasingly more scary. The way you play has an impact on the ending, giving this game some replay value."
,Recommended,466500,33145279,Posted: 2 July,all,Zenitix of the Eldritch Horrors,"It's a good game if you like exploring and piecing lore together from notes, but it's a little unfinished, the animations that are present are extremely rough, but it does have one of the best boss fights I've seen.I probably wouldn't recommend buying it at full price unless they put out some updates polishing it up a little."
,Recommended,466500,32792732,Posted: 25 June,all,oliman300,"This game is quite short and some would argue that there isnt much action etc. However the atmosphere and the world building is nice, especially when you consider that most of the work was done by one man, great little game."
76561198043940022,Not Recommended,466500,28927909,Posted: 1 January,all,Evil Paragon,"It seemed cool in my wishlist, but after I pick it up in the Winter sale I gave it a play.My two biggest issues are the speed of the other character and the game telling me some things on how to play without actually giving it to me right away.The other character is literally walking. Spot on for realism but for games he could at least move a little faster. You either end up running ahead of him and getting concerned if he's too far back or walking with him.The other thing is how it's telling me about water, food, batteries, medicine. Well I can interact with the very few I find, but I can't see what they do, they just disappear after I press E pretty much. Not to mention the doors with the rope. I get that there is probably some backtracking you're supposed to do, but it is frustrating to find out you could potentially use tools later in the game, would have to backtrack, AND that you currently have no tools. At least give some little tool with minimal functionality, holding nothings looks limiting and boring.If this was Early Access I wouldn't be as harsh, it looks like it has potential but as this is a finished product I just can't see that now."
76561198024954202,Recommended,466500,23818776,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Teladi Chairman,"35MM is an interesting little stroll in a post apocalyptic Russia. While dubbed a walking simulator, it is much more interactive than most, with moments of genuine tension, a bit of puzzles and combat, and movement options not usually seen in such games. It's perhaps better to think of it more along the lines of a mechanically lighter, bite-sized STALKER or Metro 2033 (albeit in a more mundane world).The game is concise and fairly to the point. Most of my playtime came from exploration of everything I could, and getting a bit stuck on a few of the less-intuitve puzzles. But short does not necessarily mean bad - It's a small scale story, in a bleak world, with few words wasted. The world is fleshed out primarily through character actions and the atmosphere the game sets.I wholly enjoyed 35MM. Don't expect a grand story or sophisticated gunplay, but if you're anything like me and just can't get enough of poking about in abandoned Russian countryside for a few hours, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,466500,23750784,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Akula,"It's a pretty good game for the atmosphere. If you like STALKER's lonely, post-apocalyptic atmosphere, this will fit right in for you. The main characters (The protagonist and his NPC guide) are sort of well done, but they don't really have a lot of development during the story.I liked the looting and looking around aspect of the game, but the health system felt sort of arbitrary given that there's only sparse instances of combat throughout. The combat itself is pretty clunky, there are some parts where you can die due to the firing mechanics not placing shots where you think they'd hit. You can heal with first aid kits, but they seem pretty much pointless unless you're in a pinch, since you'll usually have plenty of food, which also heals you but at smaller amounts.There are 4 different endings as far as I can tell. I got (One of) the good ending(s). It wraps it up somewhat, and actually hits home when you realise what your character's goals were, even though it was a little predictable.Overall, I enjoyed it. You have to have patience and a willingness to explore thoroughly if you're going to enjoy it fully, as the majority of the game is walking around and looting items, but overall it was an enjoyable game."
,Recommended,466500,26454785,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TigerJelly,"This game is pretty relaxed, there are a couple of action sequences throughout but nothing super crazy. There are parts of the game where it’s kind awkward where you are just walking in complete silence as there doesn’t seem to be much background noise or any character dialog.One part of the game I didn’t like was when the screen goes slightly blurry, I couldn’t figure out how to stop it, then I found out it happens when you’re hurt or if you run too much, it did get slightly annoying but on the other hand I thought it was a cool game mechanic that I haven’t seen before.But overall I did enjoy playing the game & if you like more story driven walking simulator type games then I would definitely recommend this one.In case you want to see what it’s like before buying here is my first episodehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqUON2Kdjic"
76561197970405288,Recommended,466500,34220154,Posted: 13 August,all,ianl,"Just finished the game and I have to say I've really enjoyed it.  The indie devs have done a great job on this, creating a unique atmosphere and journey ... very much in the Russian tradition.  I admit not everyone will enjoy this, if you are looking for fast pased action then give this a miss, however for those looking for a more contemplative experience then you might well find this game rewarding."
,Recommended,466500,24416599,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Veteran Alpha,"A Story About Two TravelersWell I have to say, I really liked this game, it was super fun, the world was very well detailed, the soundtrack was fantastic, the visuals were really great, it was all around a very good game.The game tells the story of two travellers. Who are trying to make it to the city to find something they need. I have to be honest, the story ended with a pretty big twist for me, it was a really good ending and it was unpredictable. It was very well hidden until the end of the game.The visuals were really great, while there was not many graphical options to choose from, it was good enough. You have options like Motion blur, SSAO, Anti-Aliasing, after you crank all these settings to the max, you have a very pretty looking game, and this is made on a Unity Engine.I just love Post-Apocalyptic games and this game was great, it was almost very similar to Metro 2033 when it comes to levels, there are forests, cities and even old Soviet underground tunnels. And let me tell you right now, the Soviet tunnels have a very creepy atmosphere, it was pretty damm scary down there. Combine that with the soundtrack in the game and you can be pretty creeped out.Do note that this is not a horror game, while the game might have a very creepy atmosphere and environment, there will not be any jumpscares, while there might be some screaming of a women in the distance, it isn’t that scary, unless you are scared of the atmosphere of the game. The soundtrack is very fantastic, it fits very well into the game, some levels have a special soundtrack which fits very well. You might be a bit creeped out sometimes, but in the end it is an A+ soundtrack, it’s very well done.But there are two bad things I have to say about 35MM. For one, the game doesn’t exactly give you a good objective status, sometimes you might be walking around a level and you might have no clue what to do, the game will not tell you what to do, it won’t even give you a objective reminder, sometimes it won’t even tell you what you need to do, it is kind of annoying for new players, and I was stuck on one part for a good 30 minutes. It is a kind of an annoying thing.And the second issue I had with the game is the randomized items, sometime you will need an item such as a battery or a key to continue your objective, the problem being is that it is all randomized, you won’t find it in the same locations all the time, that includes safe codes as well, it is not that bad if you are playing for the first time and you want to explore the whole area, you will find it eventually, the problem with it is that if you are playing for the second time to take some screenshots or finish up the achievements that you didn’t get or even experience a different ending, it will take a you a long♥♥♥♥♥while because of these randomized items, it will get annoying.The movement and the animations are also not the best, they are a bit clunky. But there is a reason to that why, I will explain it a bit later.35MM is in full Russian with Russian or English subtitles, while I find this pretty neat because it is pretty immersive and really well done, the English translation is not the best, I did notice some spelling errors and some grammar issues, but hey, I’m not a grammar Nazi so it’s not that bad, besides it was not that bad that it was unreadable, it just had some issues and all.This game was made by a single developer and minus the disadvantages I mentioned this is a fantastic and very beautiful game, it is very immersive, graphically and landscape wise, this is a really fantastic game, it is a bit short so get it on sale or when the price is decent, like £4.But anyways, I really enjoyed 35MM and if you are looking for a good singleplayer/walking simulator game then go ahead and give this a go."
76561197978281942,Recommended,466500,33060667,Posted: 30 June,all,Velane,"Done in a different style then most survival games, short and very atmosphereic"
76561198200606583,Not Recommended,466500,33974142,Posted: 2 August,all,dorgedrogt,"35mm has a beautiful environment and the story and storytelling are good enough but the game is too slow paced and the map has too much closed-off, cool-looking areas but the locations of the invisible walls is very predictable and that's better than when they are random."
,Not Recommended,466500,34307064,Posted: 17 August,all,SmokeTheBear,"Boring, So slow, Boring. Save yourself the money and get something else."
76561198025124051,Not Recommended,466500,33408194,Posted: 9 July,all,Volunteer,This game is slow: slideshow slow. A very slow uneventful animation which requires minimal player input. Searching for items is made very tedious - finding the bucket is becoming infamous and really says it all about the game. 35MM is a lot of hard work for next to no reward or sense of acheivement.35MM: avoid unless watching paint dry is your idea of a fun time while listening to Russians being maudlin in all they say.Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,466500,34833319,Posted: 9 September,all,Siledas,"Dull and uninspired, 35MM fails to deliver on either the open-ended exploration of STALKER or the tightly-scripted thrills of METRO despite clear attempts to evoke both.For a game this short, the narrative drags along with with no urgency, leading a dramatic climax that would normally only pass for lazy character development in a better-written work. While certain breif moments shine with the kind of attention to detail that only passionate developers would bother to craft, they're so few and far between that this is too boring a slog to suggest to any but the most mellow potential players.Overall: 3/10"
76561197967246773,Not Recommended,466500,24970376,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,NoodleKing,"I like the concept and I think the game has potential. However at this stage I cannot recommend the game. The game feels slugish, the controls are pretty bad and the story line too predictable. The game feels a bit like a school project as it is and it will need a lot of work to make it a good one.But since the game is still in early development I wouldn't be surprised if something really nice comes out of it."
76561198077152242,Not Recommended,466500,33481426,Posted: 12 July,all,TheArbiter,"After purchasing this on the steam summer sale for 2.69€, i didnt think much of it. Starting the game for the first time, nothing seems too out of the ordinary. Unlike other games it doesnt tell you what to do at all. This can be a blessing and a curse, and in this case, is most definitely the latter. I never got further than the infamous search of the bucket, and the road there felt like a chore. The game is also plagued by low-quality audio loops (you can hear the seams of where the ambient birdsong clips into the start of the loop). Aside from some good looking foliage, the graphics look like something you'd see on the last-gen consoles (no pun intended), and suffers from this ''flat'' look that is common among walking sims where the textures are built from real images rather than built from the ground up. Faces are pretty nice thoe, all things considered. In game as void of content as this, graphics are a bigger deal than you might think, and the overall experience isnt exactly aided by the excessive head bobble that makes me feel ill. Granted, this can be turned off, but not easily reduced to a more comfortable level. As i refunded the game (presumably) early into the story, i cannot attest to the depth and quality of it. However the ability to tell a story with proper grammar is crucial for your investment in it, and this game is sorely lacking in that department.The game-breaker: I had a weird issue with this game where it would make my audio loop like a truck engine with no oil upon exiting the game, which was only fixed upon restart of the system. However the problems didn't end here. Even after a restart, it wouldnt stop and continued to slam me with BSOD reading: whea uncorrectable error. This led me to believe my OC was unstable and somehow interfered with system stability (altough still didnt explain my audio issue). After numerous restarts and reconfigurations of bios settings i had no luck, and decided to perform a cmos reset. This magically worked for whatever reason and to isolate the issue i proceeded to fire up 35mm once again, ready for some more bucket hunting. After about 10 more minutes i decided to turn the game off, and got the same sound issue as last time as soon as i exited the game. Once again a cmos reset resolved the issue and i uninstalled the game, and returned to my old bios settings with no problems.If you are having the same issue as me i hope this helped (altough it makes no sense as to why it did...) and use your chance to refund this game if possible.10/10 I6N - Best walking sim we've seen so far!(Seriously thoe, if not for this problem it would probably be worth the price that i payed for it, but not full price... and those dog textures... i cant even...)"
76561198109778535,Recommended,466500,26213299,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,axiomicon,Not a bad game.  Bleak atmosphere which is cool.  Kinda creepy.  A little like the book and movie The Road.
,Not Recommended,466500,28999988,Posted: 4 January,all,Doctor Futurity,"Best walking simulator yet, but ruined by the worst escort quest ever."
,Recommended,466500,23358428,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Veyku,Easily a nice experience if you can immerse yourself.Love the feel of it.Survival/10
,Recommended,466500,32331647,Posted: 10 June,all,sslemons,"Legitimately one of my favorite games of all time, incredibly unique, gripping fresh atmosphere."
76561197984344255,Recommended,466500,23302938,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sisterfister,great game playing this as i write. over all runs great i would like to mention it would be nice to speed up the walking of npc''s  im getting vibes of stalker in the first hour and love it russians are great story tellers. is this inspired by the stalker movie the old russian one where they all died of radiation
,Recommended,466500,25999838,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,epavlenko,"Short documentary film about indie-developer Sergey Noskov from Russia («The Light», «The Train», «35MM») — with english subtitlesКороткометражный документальный фильм про инди-разработчика Сергея Носкова из России («Свет», «Поезд», «35MM»)youtu.be/w-R_MhwDs6E"
,Recommended,466500,31267934,Posted: 20 April,all,♥ Vivelafrance,"Wow once again I keep getting surprised by games that are kind of out of the way and are not as heavily sponsored as some others! 35MM.... Lot's of amazing things to say about this game. Frankly for the most part the translations make enough sense to be able to follow the story from an English perspective and while the game is a bit slow, there is for sure exciting moments! You could start to feel nostalgic while playing this game as I was. It reminded me a lot about S.T.A.L.K.E.R. about how the world is and it gave me that true wandering survivalist feels. Just you and your buddy exploring, scaving, and surviving. The game also gives 3 unique endings which I was TOTALLY shocked by. (I had recieved the bad end actually but it did answer a lot of questions I had.) If you enjoy the slow pace gameplay and love to fully get into a stretched story and really take in the sights, this game is for you. The ambience will get to you and really make you feel developed into the wilderness that is made up of the woods, tunnels, cities, ect. GREAT game that is sadly flawed by its SUPER SLOW story movement and overall slow progression. HOWEVER that did not ruin the gameplay for me. 100% think you should buy if you like what you see!"
,Recommended,466500,24194476,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Cynder,i just bought this to see what everyone's on about for this. i saw a post on facebook regarding this game so i decided to check it out... so far since i started it i only have a small problem and its the audio slightly glitching but other than that the game is amazing
76561198079291635,Recommended,466500,33439382,Posted: 10 July,all,Lenghtyhalo,"This game has a pretty well built environment, the graphics are decent enough. The gameplay and story felt great at first when you were exploring the woods and trying to survive. But later on, it becomes more hard and you're constantly trying over and over to survive and eliminate the enemies. I would still say that this game is worth playing because of the story. From a scale of 0-10, I'll give 6 points out of 10."
,Recommended,466500,33321386,Posted: 6 July,all,_Nope,"I'm not much of a fan of walking sims, but for 2,7€ It was a great  ̶r̶u̶n̶  walk.Bit slow, sometimes rough on edges, story and atmosphere are gloomy (sometimes sp00ky) and the ending?... dayum!Some places looked like 1979 stalker and metro 2033 colided.I liked it. If you know what I'm talking about, you might like it too."
,Recommended,466500,33186644,Posted: 3 July,all,.etneveL,"This a russian indie post-apocalyptic game made in 2016.I thought this is going to be a casual survival game with story,and to be honest,I didn't miss too far.I want to make it clear,this is not a action game...okay not that intense game,I mean.This is a story and atmosphare based game,which one of my favorite kind of games.The graphics looks amazing and the controls are decent.The soundtrack is gripping,well composed.There is a lot of secrets in the game,which is exciting to discover.And there are multiple ending for the game.There are also some really annyoing things in the game,like that fuc**** bucket (it's a key item,which have a different spawn location on every reset),which quite annoying for me.Another problem is the health system.Okay,not exactly the system,but how the developer don't tell us anything about it.One more thing,which I don't understand is the role of the camera (you can use a camera,full time of the game),because you can't do anything with it,there is no sense to us it,you can't do anything with it.And the begininng of the game is quite boring,in my opinion.My biggest problem is,I would play a few more hours in the univeres,I thought there is more which I can discover or we going to get a longer story.To be honest,I enjoyed this game.After this bugs what I did mention,this is still a fair game,the story what we got for our money,is quite depressing,the atmosphere is not letting you away and with the soundtrack."
,Recommended,466500,26699920,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Andi,"35mm, for all intents and purposes, this is a walking simulator with a few “puzzles” and some combat thrown in. All in all it's not a bad game but it does have it's share of negative points.Pros:The graphics (although not top notch) is fairly decentSome of the “puzzles” kept me busy for awhileAll of the achievements are obtainableMultiple endings is always a plus in my book (3 endings)Cons:There are invisible walls everywhereYour partner walks much to slowThe only language they are speaking is RussianMany of the cut scenes (where nothing is going on) are much too longThe fight with the statues makes no sense at all (I guess it was a dream??)Problems I had that may be confined to my computer because no one else said that they had these issues.The Subtitles don't workThe prompts to let the player know that they need to hit a button, doesn't workThere are several times where the mouse wouldn't respond forcing me to start overAt the time of this review, this game is selling for $8.99. Not worth it, in my opinion. Especially with the abundance of cons I just pointed out. Perhaps $3.99 is closer to the mark. I thing that I really liked... when I got to the Big City, it reminded me of Half Life 2. In fact, there is a Easter egg in this game where you can see the Half Life symbol. So if you buy this game, I suggest you do so on sale."
,Recommended,466500,35354980,Posted: 30 September,all,Taylem,"I want to start by saying the game was hard to keep playing at first. It is slow ... very slow. Think the slowest Walking Dead episode ever minus zombies. But if you can chug past the first hour, the story picks up a bit and ends very well- with your heart being ripped from your chest and left in the sun/or rain.The controls were clunky and not able to be changed- this I found a little annoying but I just made do.Graphics weren't bad, especially considering this was created by only one or so guys. Fine work.Sound and music, again passable and aren't jarring.Yes, I will state again, the game had points were it dragged; but the ending was worth it.The little combat there was though is the game's weakest point. It is very clumsy. Thankfully, it is far and few between.The food and medicine system is a bit useless and should had not been in the game. The screen blurring effect is highly distracting and makes game-play not enjoyable or tolerable at all. This is the biggest negative of the game.After all, if you are patient and forgiving ... the game is worth it."
,Recommended,466500,28677349,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DiFronzo,After playing through this game I’m now speaking fluent Russian.
,Recommended,466500,29212037,Posted: 12 January,all,greasy dishes,"Cute narrow and sunny parks, lovely atmosphere of dark woods.Don't forget to check every corner so that you can have more fun and keep your friend at hand.He is not actually helpful but he may save your life one day,"
76561197970504905,Recommended,466500,29153928,Posted: 9 January,all,JustMe,"Not possible to changes keys, fix that."
76561197964356207,Recommended,466500,29228724,Posted: 13 January,all,k1Mb0sL1c3,pros:+ good in 3D vision+ good graphics and landscapescons:- weird and mind blowing story- 95% walking- short- bad animations- buggyoverall score: 6/10
,Not Recommended,466500,28334479,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,LA8PV,"The negatives:- Really bad movement setup. Walking is super slow. Running feels like jogging.- The translation from Russian to English was really poor. Not a whole lot of dialog either. (ProTip Google Translate)- Actions feels really slow and sluggish, poorly executed.- The amount of exploring you can do is severly limited, and there is not much to do besides doing what the next objection requires of you to continue the story.- The ending is super disapointing (But that is an subjective opinion)The positives:- The surroundings and the different birds and animal sounds really immerse you into the world.- The fact that you can take pictures in game is a nice touch.Overall they released a game that feels very much incomplete.Score: 3/10"
76561198132298668,Recommended,466500,33466868,Posted: 11 July,all,TheLaughingPineapple,"A very smooth and atmospheric game that walks you through a post-apocalyptic setting where you loot and survive, help others, and enjoy the wonderful visuals."
,Recommended,466500,23975143,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,brother bartholomew,-dreary atmosphere-vodka-walking through the forest-walking through empty fields-walking-guys sitting around a fire playing acoustic guitar-looking for a bucket for 30 minutes in the middle of the night in a deserted town while also trying not to♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself10/10 one of the most Russian games ever made
76561198048260534,Recommended,466500,23986255,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Itämeren Bali,Beautiful game with deep and sad story. Absolutely worth picking up this title if you love mysterious and atmospheric games.
,Recommended,466500,23970879,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Monty.Joseph,Love the STALKER atmosphere.
,Recommended,466500,26722050,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Kyrii,"I'm not one to partake in this particular genre but 35mm's overwhelming atmosphere sucked me in.The level of detail is quite pleasing for a game running on the unity engine and the graphics due a servicable if slightly disengaging job around the edges but the greatest selling point of this game is, like I mentioned before, the forboding atmosphere in the rural farm-lands of Russia.The story describes an apocalyptic pandemic event that has crippled the globe, and is quite a rare example of an epidemic in-game that does not feature zombies or other monsters as some kind of by-product. Instead, the game follows two strangers who have met under unknown circumstances as they navigate forests, abandoned towns and disintergrating infrastructure to reach a major city. Along the way you will find notes left by previous inhabitants and have to circumvent puzzles and environmental hazards to reach their goal.Many may accuse this of being a walking simulator but it's far from one. One feature that surprised me was the inclusion of edibles and medkits. This is both a blessing and a curse, as the inclusion of a subtle hunger meter (the bloodstains in your journal that streak further to coincide with your health/hunger status) keeps you on edge regarding your own mortality, but at times it can be too cumbersome, as the lower your health drops, the dimmer and more blurred your vision becomes. In fact, I had to use a trainer at one point due to my vision becoming nigh unbearable to continue.One of my greatest grievences with the game has to be the mediocre translation job during some dialogues and many of the notes. Clearly the transators native language is NOT english.Other hiccups include a rather clunky FPS combat system introduced midway through the game and some hindering bugs both gameplay wise and graphical that reared their ugly head every once in awhile. This, topped with the lack of support for my native resolution and some sections that simply has the player guess what the developer is thinking took sizeable bites out of my immersion.That being said, 35MM is a sombering look at a world long since past the point of no return with an engaging tone and atmosphere. Given the price-tag, I would recommend it to those who enjoy these particular games. To those who don't, I feel it would be unwise to suggest this to them.I myself am not used to these particular games, but I'm glad I gave 35MM a chance :)"
,Recommended,466500,29569912,Posted: 29 January,all,John,"A few bugs,  unnecessary shootings, but overall good"
,Not Recommended,466500,28955912,Posted: 2 January,all,Actual Cannibal Shia LeBeouf,"Very slow paced, clunky system. Maybe if you want a rich atmosphere immersive environment."
,Recommended,466500,28958660,Posted: 2 January,all,Mr. Bones,daMN GOOD GAME
,Recommended,466500,24739487,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Dikface Maroni,"If you are into walking-exploring-simulations and its on sale (~5$) it could be something for you.Some points:*  Walking simulator with small adventure/survival components.* The sceneries look believable and mysterious (thumbs up unity!)* doesn't take you by the hand. you have to find out for yourself what you can do and where.* very minimalistic UI no quest journal or map, etc.* the in-game camera is a nice idea to capture your adventure.Personally after a while it got a bit dreary for me. i didn't felt any connection to the character and the plot unfolds quite unspectacular. And while i knew it will be a lot of just walking, i found it boring sometimes. You can explore and walk around but you hit the boundaries of the sceneries quite easily and sometimes its just a invisible wall in front of you. this breaks the immersion. And for the small area you can explore in each scene, there is just not enough to discover. But i have to say that i liked how the game doesn't give you too much details on what you should do.For example if you find a safe, you have to find out by yourself where you could find the code without the characters or the game helping you.And although it didn't convince me completely, i still recommend this game to anyone who likes post-apocalyptic settings and walking simulators which doesn't take you by the hand. But i would wait for a sale."
76561198057076232,Not Recommended,466500,32988008,Posted: 29 June,all,necromaster,"nothing happens.dont let the tags fool you:Its not open world, the game is entirely liner.Its not a survival game, yes you have to eat food to not lose health but there is more than enough to last the entire game. if the food mechanic were to be taken out it wouldnt effect anything.Im not entirely sure if it is post apocalyptic, they never give any context to what is going on in the world or even your lifeAtmospheric is a joke, no one shows any emotion and nothing you do really effects anything.This game is a boring walking simulator that gives you nothing, takes nothing and in the end will leave no impression on you apart from ""where did an hour of my life go?"""
,Not Recommended,466500,33110958,Posted: 1 July,all,奴隷,"ngl this game is kinda bad. There are so many games that do what this tries to do better. Gameplay-wise, this game is awkward and I kind of hated it. The story was fine, I guess. Not worth what I paid."
76561198115243223,Recommended,466500,23369743,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Hákon Hagensson,Its good...i enjoyed it...but...but...it doesnt even started and it was already over..... :(
,Not Recommended,466500,33557976,Posted: 15 July,all,BenXL,"Ugh I don't know why I bought this game. I guess the screenshots looked pretty. I never got past the first 10 minutes. First you have to ""walk"" at an obscenely slow pace to stay with your friend. If you run off ""you need to wait for your mate"" will appear. And shortly after the games FOV sets to what feels like 30 hoz and gave me horrible motion sickness. Stay well clear."
76561198006876821,Not Recommended,466500,23752991,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ravenscar,"I'm genuinely surprised by all the postive reviews stating the ambience and atmospheric effect of this game. It feels like the developer read The Road and tried to make a game variant, and if Viggo's beardless chin couldn't do that with film, this definitely didn't work. It's SUCH as grey game, and I'm all for that, but this is just... something else.The game is slow, reeeeeal slow, to the point of tedium. That and you're thrust in without a hey or a ho, just follow some guy and ""explore"" (that is until the big sign on the screen say ""no, not that way"". Talking about dialouge, the English translations are pretty poor, and I feel that they're poor enough that even using google translate would have made them a little neater. ""bread and circuse"" for instance.The thing that drove me mad, however, was the last section, looking for two objects. Two small objects. In a town with three or four accessible houses with a dozen or so rooms in each. Looking for two objects in a grey town, in all but identicle grey rooms. What's more, the very limited health system in this game means that if you are injured, but have no med kits (which are in short supply), you will spend the rest of the game with a vaguely fuzzy screen? What fun!Now bear in mind, the previous events were quite dramatic, to wonderful music, and I genuinely enjoy it, but its almost as if the dev thought ""oops, too much excitement, better follow up with some exteme tedium"". So after half an hour searching for these items I checked on a guide. Turns out placement of them is random in the town. Why? Because **** you, that's why.So I just watched the ending on youtube and uninstalled. And I feel all the happier for doing so. I recommend you do to, it's about the same level of interaction."
76561198149964324,Recommended,466500,23302184,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Adam,"Really Enjoyed this game, good story line, graphics are not bad at all as some say.Recommended"
76561198116135475,Recommended,466500,23320423,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,SecretAgentPI,"This game is really cool and interesting, i\'m really enjoying it but if you don\'t like slow paced games then your not gonna like this game. I personally like the slowness, it builds atmosphere but if you can\'t decide if you want this game or not, check out my video on it, it might change your mind.My channel name is Secret Agent PI or just click the link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbxOfLO4l_k"
,Recommended,466500,23274722,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Choward,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTQMme5hvjE35MM takes place in a Post Ap Russian wasteland. You and your friend travel through the woods and adventure into the darkness.Pros- Beautiful graphics with amazing detail.- Sounds, nice background noise.- Cutscenes- Story and depth of exploration.Cons- Repetitive and boring- Bad English translation- No objectives"
,Recommended,466500,25874274,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,rotor,"+ very atmospheric, nice pacing and build up+ cool visuals, animations and music+ interesting and authentic storytelling+ minimalistic yet immersive and visceral- unpolished interaction design and subtitles too fast- level design can be improved in areas but not expecting perfection for this pricewould recommend, the minor defects are not game breaking we can forgive and look past. I look forward to playing more games by this developer."
,Not Recommended,466500,33319866,Posted: 6 July,all,JuicyBeans,i was excited to play this game when i saw it on sale during the summer steam sale.. unfortunately it lacks a lot and i just couldn't get into it.. i was hoping for a story-rich game but it's more of a very slow walking simulator with a camera and really wonky animations
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,466500,28145649,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"For all that I am constantly disappointed by the genre, I keep giving these so-called ""narrative games"" another chance. That's because when they work, they can be very powerful experiences (if only for the single pl ay-through). Unfortunately, Sturgeon's Law applies and narrative games that ""work"" are far and few between.Still, I was hopeful for 35mm. It had an interesting post-apocalyptic setting and was was created by some Russians developers who -having played games like STALKER or the Metro series - I have come to associate with being the masters of the hopeless tale. Yet even before I began my quest there were hints of problems to come.The most glaring - but not the most serious - was the awful localization. Although I can forgive the lack of English dubbing (personally, I found the game more atmospheric in Russian), the English subtitles were rife with typos and misspellings. It made the game feel amateurish and consistently pulled me out of the experience. There were even several typos on the main menu screen.The gameplay mechanics were poorly explained; what was the goal? Where was I going? Did I need to manually eat the food I was collecting? Why is the screen going blurry? The actual gameplay was little better; like most narrative games, it consists of trundling slowly across the landscape and interacting with the environment to progress the story, except those interactions were far too infrequent to keep up interest. The grey and unsaturated environment, at first so appealingly atmospheric, quickly turned dull and - eventually - so dark it was difficult for me to make out my surroundings (even with the brightness turned up both in game settings and on the monitor itself; it made Doom 3 appear brilliant in comparison). The puzzles were annoyingly random or trial-n-error, and the payoff was unrewarding. The world looks open at first, but is surrounded by invisible walls that hem you in to the straight and narrow.The end result was a narrative game that lacked both a compelling narrative and interesting (or any, really) gameplay. It didn't even benefit - as did the Vanishing of Ethan Carter - from breath-taking graphics. It was a literally lackluster game made by a team who thought a dreary atmosphere would offer enough emotional resonanceto carry the game despite an utter lacked of supporting (and engaging) story, world, gameplay or technology. Well, it doesn't, and  the game suffers dreadfully for it."
76561198197855362,Recommended,466500,32880706,Posted: 27 June,all,Prophet_Queen,the fact i couldnt take the dog at the begnning with me  made me really sad
,Recommended,466500,25786705,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Theyrvalls,"What is 35mm?Genre: first person exploration game with fps elementsSetting: traveller trying to find his family in a post-disease RussiaDifficulty: 3/10 --> basically nothing difficult, but shooter passages are a bit clumsyLength: 3-5 hours for a single playthrough, up to around 15 to get all achievementsMode: singleplayer campaignSimilar games: Can't name any, sorry ;)The positive aspects:- very chastened atmosphere - sets a fitting tone- landscapes and locations rich in variety- ""side-quests"" (achievement stuff) to do along the main pathThe negative aspects:- that game is awfully dark. I had to brighten up my graphics card to see a thing- needless shooter passages with apparently only a single hitbox- low walking pace; sometimes you have to wait several minutes before your partner arrives to let the game make progress- superficial items and inventory management- story and backgrounds are not fully revealed and explainedResult (and summary for those who have no time reading):Although 35mm has some downsides, it is worth taking the virtual journey. Being a rather slow, actionless exploration game, the depressing atmosphere and tone of the game make it quite an enjoyable experience.If you're interested in those kind of games - give it a try!"
,Recommended,466500,25056908,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Arc,Walking simulator with touching story in postapocalyptic Russia. Very nice one.
,Recommended,466500,26466253,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,The Cerulean Rodent,"There's a minimalism to this game that leaves little to talk about, and yet, it's noteworthy and definitely worth anyone's time. Don't know what it is with Russian devs and making really atmospheric games, but this certainly is that. Do not be fooled by the initial game play, you will *not* just be spending the entire game pressing ""W"".A lot of exciting moments amidst the thick and slow gameplay that jump out at you. Trust me, this game's worth a try."
,Recommended,466500,32357872,Posted: 11 June,all,DigitalDivision,The best Russian Walking Simulator of 2016 combined with the Post-Apocalyptic World
,Recommended,466500,33893037,Posted: 29 July,all,Fun,I enjoyed it and would recommend to anyone who likes this genre
,Not Recommended,466500,33211649,Posted: 3 July,all,iK0NiK,"35mm... oh how I wish I could love thee. It started out pretty compelling with a post-apocalyptic setting in the forest with hints of survival and exploration elements. As the game unravels, the pace slows down to a crawl. Yes... even with a 4 hour duration the game gets incredibly dull. I'm all for games that don't hold your hand, but this one will have you on the brink of insanity just looking for a bucket. Oh, don't forget the subway door key code, or the white batteries. Also with a title of ""35mm"" you'd think the camera would play some kind of role in relation to the gameplay or the plot... it doesn't. Also what in the world were they thinking with the statue sequence? Completely jarring in relation to the rest of the narrative; just awful.Honestly, it had a lot of potential. While you can tell around every corner that it's a game made by a small dev team, it's just too frustrating to be enjoyable.I will say this. If you LOVED the Metro 2033/Last Light games, you'll probably find some solace in this. If you haven't played those games, definitely skip this and go for those instead.I'd give this one a 4/10. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,466500,33963953,Posted: 1 August,all,Abu_Hen_Guts04,This game has so many event bugs and glitches I cannot progress in the game. The fuel tank I needed to fuel up that train thing did not spawn after I got the axe. This game is also super confusing which really sucks cause this game has so much potential and the atmosphere is really incredible.
,Not Recommended,466500,33546248,Posted: 14 July,all,Gootshall,"I don't know how this game has Mostly Positive reviews.  This game is just...not good at all.  The beginning is just completely and utterly boring and your ""teammate"" walks slower than molasses.  There is a sprint button, but you still walk slow as hell.  The atmosphere in this game is ugly and boring.  The screenshots are very cherry picked.  I would definitely not recommend this game if you are looking for a story driven game or even a good game."
,Recommended,466500,24122298,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,fainalien,"В первые минуты игры я влюбился в нее. Музыка, графика. Игра просто прекрасна для отдыха мысленно."
,Not Recommended,466500,29569749,Posted: 29 January,all,huskobon,"It's just not that fun. It's a chore really. Story is dry. Characters are dry.  Controls are jerky.   Game atmosphere can look nice at times, but that's about it."
,Recommended,466500,30606658,Posted: 18 March,all,Graywilde,"Get stabbed, man steal food and Kalashnikov. Such is life.This game is... special. It is visually stunning to say the least and a lot of its merit stands on that. It's a walking simulator mixed with horror and even a shooter in some areas. It has some serious jenkiness in a few spots, but it doesn't break the game too much. What's incredible is that it was all done by one Russian dude. You can really tell he wanted to do so much more with it. Clearly a work a passion. I enjoyed it and do not at all regret spending 8bux. отличная работа"
,Not Recommended,466500,30421288,Posted: 9 March,all,Jul the Fool,"I found this game to be quite bland, incomplete, and turbulent. I have nothing against people who want to play games like this, there certainly is a market for it, but if you are someone who does not particularly enjoy walking simulators you should pass on this game. I've enjoyed a few walking sims and must say this one lacks all that I feel walking sims typically have to offer. Case and point: this game has a few snags that just pull me right out of any sense of imersion it could have offered me. I won't go too far into this being that I have not completed the game at this date, but I am open to questions if you have them."
76561198203068505,Not Recommended,466500,30535019,Posted: 15 March,all,JP,It was not as good as it could have been. It was really interesting but the things to do weren't clear. The atmosphere was really immersive but the tasks I needed to do weren't.
76561198043114744,Not Recommended,466500,28512056,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Crowbar,Overall I just can't get into this game. Sprinting is about most games walking speed. And well it looks nice trying to explore ends in hitting many invisible walls. When I got a gun I found aiming it to be clunky at best.
76561198063396066,Recommended,466500,23309198,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Nynzal,"After playing this game for 3 hours, I am amazed what this guy made all by himself!The atmosphere in this game is awesome. You are wandering through deserted forests and villages searching for food and medicine. Never let your alertness go down, you'll always have the feeling something scary and terrible can happen any moment.There is not much fighting in this game, but nonetheless you get the feeling of the post-epidemic world being a place were you struggle to survive.I really enjoy the slow pacing of the game. It feels natural to walk slowly, explore all the places you pass by and take pictures with your 35mm camera.A downpoint of this game is the translation, a few times it was annoying. However i wasn't bothered by the russian only voice acting.Additionally, you will probably encounter a few bugs here and there, but overall thats not a big problem.I can definitively recommend it to players, who enjoy slow placed exploring and a relativly open story, which is led only by few lines of text. And maybe you shouldn't be afraid to go out in the dark ;)If you are not sure, whether you should buy it or not, check out my Playthrough!https://youtu.be/cG3tGFUbhYc"
76561198084450460,Recommended,466500,23843896,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,The Original Bombhead,Went for a walk.ran from a bearmade a firedrew some waterlit some candlesread some notesrode a rail carsaved an old manmade a jigsawwent to sleepold man diedran away from bad mengot a projector to workwas frustrated by the darkwas scared by dogshad really weird dreamsgot to Moscowgot to my flatdiscovered the truthcried real tearsthank you Sergei
76561198031044035,Recommended,466500,23963541,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,76561198031044035,This game is an awesome experience. Thx.
,Recommended,466500,24062128,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,яageqцiттeг,"Played this game for about an hour now, I really enjoy it. Only downside of this, is that there are no english voices, only subtitles. Starting the game was also challenging since it started with the russian menu not the english one. Overall pretty good game, can't wait to play some more and see how the storyline is."
76561198166785833,Recommended,466500,23913353,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,CHROME PROTESTER,"this is a great game. this is a slow paced game that focuses on its story. it can be completed in 2 hours, which makes me wish there was more time for me to enjoy the game."
,Recommended,466500,23870349,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Kys,Accurate representation of Russia durning economic crisis of 2014.
76561198032797019,Recommended,466500,23266739,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Axe1,"Drinking vodka with Yuri or whats his face in a building aftershooting a massive bear. Yuri asks me to get some water.. stumbling outside into the night village. Everything is blury asf ... that's what you get for drinking Stolichnaya I thought. In the morning I figured out that blurriness is the game food system. It looks interesting so far. Has a feel of Dear Esther, Stalker and Life is Strange if you can belive it."
,Not Recommended,466500,23915128,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mirkwood,"This game doesn't know what it wants to be. It excels at some things, and is downright terrible at others.The game starts off as basically a walking simulator, strolling through the sticks in a post-apocalyptic Russia. But It slowly transitions into a linear survival game, and then part way through suddenly turns into an FPS with survival horror elements.As an FPS, 35mm is absolutely incapable, and because you can't play the good parts of this game without enduring the terrible FPS parts... I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,466500,24485083,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gargaj,"Headcrushingly bleak, the way only Russian games can be."
,Not Recommended,466500,24213627,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Lawie,"I hate to say it, but i can't recommend this game. I really really wanted to like this game, but i'm just not in the mood to spend hours of searching for something I don't even know what to look for.Great looking vista's, it definitely looks amazing. The atmosphere, the way how everything is, just great. It reminded me a bit of the Metro series. I don't mind long walks, if there is a great story behind it, but this game, just does not represent their story that great. (and not very clear)Also when i started the game, it was all in russian, had to find to switch it manually to english.I don't look for walkthroughs when i'm playing games, I only do that after looking for hours and when i'm almost frustrated on how to be ""looking"" for something. So I had to look for walkthroughs, because it was just so unclear what to look for and where to look for. (worst part is, there aren't a lot and the game just spawns it randomly. Walking speed is deadly slow aswell, and you can't reconfig your keys. Also the subtitles really has bad translated english. (understandable, but it breaks the immersive playing)10/10 for atmosphere, but the rest of the game is just too frustrating to go through. I'm sorry, but I can't recommend this game, unless they polish up their game. This game could have been awesome. But due to gameplay issues, i just can't continue playing this game after 3.5 hours."
,Recommended,466500,23974360,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Phreak Attack,"35mm was an experience. I got it during the summer sale under $4, so I can't complain and I honestly liked it.There are some calm parts, exciting parts, and even some spooky parts. The walking speed is a little slow, but thankfully there is a run button. What I really loved about the game was the will to keep on going and see what the story held next.Only cons I have at this point is that I honestly don't knowwhat taking pictures even do in this game... Maybe when achievements come out they will mean something? Might have to give it another play through then, especially since I feel like I still have more to exploe - and this is after 4 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,466500,23969171,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Isla,"A very interesting game, its different in a good way"
,Recommended,466500,23979279,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,REC,This game's  atmosphere  amazing. I like it. But need some Game UI  end helper.
,Not Recommended,466500,23278034,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Mehdi,"I played nearly an hour of this game before I couldn't go any longer.There are some positives. The game has a good atmosphere. There does appear to be a story of some sort.The problem is, the gameplay is really slow and consists of searching a fairly large area to find items that feel a bit meaningless. For example, finding a bucket in order to fill a well, in order to progress.I wouldn't recommend this game unless you have a lot of patience. It's unfortunate because the trailer looks like there may be a pretty good story. It's too bad I won't be able to experience it.Also note:* Voice acting is in Russian ( this is OK in my opinion )* Subtitles appear to be google translated"
,Recommended,466500,25364555,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Spearmann99 \☮/,10/10 Geat Russian Post-Apoclayptic game!Alot better than most American post apoclaytic games with their  exaggeration of the disaster situation in the storyline and the usual spicing with addition of zombies and nukes as the cause.35mm actually takes you on a realistic outlook on an apoclayptic world scenario where it shows there something more to surviving than it looks to be.
76561198027548571,Recommended,466500,24375364,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,CML,Best game I ever played 10/10Best story telling and  acting is amazing.You can campare the story to the last of us .The gameplay and mechanics are out of this world there is no  dull moment.The game will keep you on the edge of your seat.Best combat i ever encountered in a pc game.A must have for all pc gamers out there!!!!
76561197978356144,Recommended,466500,31138045,Posted: 14 April,all,Fahfred,"Initially I liked the game.  It was like a walk on a country road.  Now I know I'm a little more action oriented.  If you wanna try an easy going Indie type game, give it a shot."
,Recommended,466500,25152412,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Daimo,"Cataract simulator 2016!Lovely game about a man who just wants to get home to his photo album, but it's janky. There's a novel mechanic whereby your vision will blue if you don't eat/drink which is fine except I couldn't find much of either so I spent my three hours walking around nearly blind. Like all games with survival mechanics there should be an option to turn it off! Won't mark it down but if you're listening dev, you know what to do."
76561198027236994,Not Recommended,466500,24196352,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,elikos1,"This game most assuredly ranks as the all time worst game I have ever played period. There is no other that even comes close. When I look at the tags created to describe this game there really is one missing word. This missing word is essential to the description of this game.It is action.  This game is a shooter, The deceptive advertising lures in adventure players such as myself. ""Walking Simulator"" denotes a far different scenario than ""Shooter"". This is precisely how developers trick and con players into buying rubbish such as this. There really is no point to this game. There is no hidden message denoting an idea or political agenda. The player simply wanders around a dead and barren landscape until they reach the end of the game. At the end of the game it is shooting time. This is the time player needs to choreograph in perfect (and I do mean perfect) synchronicity an elabourate duel. This involves killing packs of dogs that literally fly at you at the speed of light. It is a complete offense to the dignity of any player. What I am talking about is stooping to the ground and hunting on the floor of a pitch black room. The objective is locating rounds for the rifle. This eventually leads to a pointless shootout with around fifty statues that come to life mysteriously. There is no deep meaning in this game. The player's character is a dull dimwit who simply wanders around for hours reading letters and avoiding predators . There is no redeeming feature to this game whatsoever."
,Not Recommended,466500,23715014,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jamison,"FOV is fine, and mouse sensitivity goes very low. This is good. The bad part is the headbob. Even with headbob disabled in the menu, the player still wobbles around like he's had about 12 litres of vodka. I've been able to play for about five minutes, and then had to stop because I felt like I was going to barf. Motion sickness is still very much an issue with this game.Hopefully the dev will update the game with a solution. I would like the player to stand completely still when at rest, and when moving, not sway back and forth."
,Not Recommended,466500,33502122,Posted: 13 July,all,@Dicky Spanish,"In Russia walking simulator plays you.Dull and boring with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story, the bear was good though. I would of preferred to have the bear kill and eat us both which would of finally given us the answer to the fabled question ""does a bear♥♥♥♥♥♥in the woods""Well, I have to tell you, yes a Bear does♥♥♥♥♥♥in the woods and he♥♥♥♥♥♥out this game.3 Bear ♥♥♥♥♥ in the woods out of a possible tree falling in the forest but nobody hears it."
76561198053281958,Not Recommended,466500,32713976,Posted: 23 June,all,svinoid,"Issue #1: Can't change controls binding.Issue #2: Boring. For first 15 minutes you just follow this guy around. No story, no intro, no quest. This. Is. Unbelievable.And since I am fluent in Russian, I switched to Russian language... Same thing. Didn't make sense. No story, no nothing. Uninstalled in 18 minutes of wasted time."
,Not Recommended,466500,25599904,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,CaptBunnykiller,"It has been a hard decision for me whether to recommend this game or not, because I really wanted to like it. And I kept on playing because I did not wish to judge on a half-played game. But I also do not wish to punish myself any longer.35MM has great promise. It is atmospheric, exciting and it really gets to you, which is actually also the bad thing about it. The overall problem is that this game is so sinister and depressing and at the same time way too close to reality for fascination or curiosity, that it stops being enjoyable pretty soon. There are way more horrifying and gory games out there that shouldn't be fun but are because they do not aspire to be taken as anything else but entertainment. If this one here is a game it fails to entertain. Meant as an experience it fails to sell, because noone in their right minds would want this to happen to themselves as an experience, when it happens to so many people in reality.I am sure that whatever the developers wanted to tell us with 35MM could be legit, but a video game is the wrong medium for that kind of message.Right now I don't even want to comment on controls or graphics, because no matter how good and bad those technical things are, everything it cancelled out by that mix of sense- and hopelessness the story is transporting."
,Recommended,466500,23270093,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,tieumur chichikankanturala,"Sure this is one of the most beauty atmosphere games out there in 2016 , recommend it for the people who love adventure games ;)"
76561198040827955,Recommended,466500,23545657,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Azazel,"After changing the lauguage to english I noticed in the bottom right hand corner that there was the word ""okey"" instead of the word ""okay""... Would rate game 10/10."
76561198284884840,Recommended,466500,26327469,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,kbrown3930,"Well, its so so I guess. Not good but not bad either. Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,466500,25703904,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Gnikrutuf,Just like STALKER and Metro! But very bad! Don't play this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198042052301,Not Recommended,466500,29050593,Posted: 5 January,all,TheUnbornSilent,Not good.. can't understand how this has mostly positive reviews
76561198076143234,Recommended,466500,25656174,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Wuffles,"Played game. Loved the scenery, the way its put together feels story rich but can't tell till I beat it. Logged off. Went back another day and menu was all in Russian, accidently deleted my data. YAY! :D"
,Not Recommended,466500,25879735,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,REZ01,"Painful to play in every aspect.  I don't know where these positive reviews are coming from, but this is Absolutely the worst game I have ever played or purchaced.  Even for people that just like to explore..   there is nothing to explore that is at all interesting..   You pretty much walk for a minute or two just to hit a wall that says you can't go that way.  Far from anything open world.I give this game a month and it will be in the $1.00 binAnd I have lost all trust in the Steam Review System before buying a game."
76561198121543003,Not Recommended,466500,25733708,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,gonzoforpresident,"35mm is a post-apocalyptic game that lacks open world, story, character development, exploration, item system, excitement, fun, functional jump ability, and everything else that makes a game enjoyable.  The game does look pretty but in the end it is just not fun at all. I really just wanted to write what I thought on here so I could hit the not recommend button.  Hopefully it will same someone a few bucks and frustration."
,Recommended,466500,23745643,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SOCOM,"It's a bit of a short game, but it's very interesting.  It's built in unity so it runs pretty well too.  If you want to know what the gameplay is like, think the walking dead + s.t.a.l.k.e.r.  There's a hell of a lot more interactivity than something like Everyboty's gone to the rapture, or dear esther, but there's still quite a bit of walking.  The game also reminds me of s.t.a.l.k.e.r in more than one way.  The graphics, the animations, even the world to an extent.  Oh, and if you've played ARMA 2, then some of the things in the world might look REALLY FAMILIAR.  I'm not pointing fingers but there are some things in this game that look too similar to arma 2 / dayz sa to be a coincidence.  But, overall, the game is pretty good."
76561198227319172,Not Recommended,466500,33620642,Posted: 17 July,all,assasin guy,way too slow for my taste
76561197962473519,Recommended,466500,23834449,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Caff,"Some Russian madness, along the lines of Cryostasis.  Good stuff."
,Recommended,466500,24428429,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Willy Pete,7/10
76561198007215017,Recommended,466500,24335531,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,telamiina,Nice small game with good visuals and sound music etc. Good story and atmosphere.Action not so good but it manages to deliver as it is a short game.One man made game but he has done superior job!So if you like little good snack of post apocalyptic slavic melancholy go for it!Bonus points from old camera :D
,Recommended,466500,24040529,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,.Reflected.,One of the best games that I have ever played. Period.
,Recommended,466500,29023736,Posted: 4 January,all,CT-21-0408,"Well... It's better than I expected. I didn't give it much of a chance, but it's actually a decent game.You walk at 2 miles per hour when not sprinting, but the sprint speed is decent.Pay attention to the dialogue, because some puzzles are tricky and you can't ask people to repeat themselves.The health meter is actually kind of ingenious; blood splats on your inventory notebook.I like that you have a camera and can take pictures, but it's not really a huge part of the story.Overall, it feels sort of like an off-brand, slower paced Metro 2033 without mutants. If the game is on sale, You might as well buy it"
76561197994323388,Recommended,466500,28937981,Posted: 2 January,all,Chosen of Hanseath,It's like McCarthy's The Road but in Russia and with two adult men (no homo): gray and depressing.
76561198134346785,Recommended,466500,28999317,Posted: 3 January,all,Mr. Pebbles,"In 35MM, you play as Petrovich, a traveller accompanied by a survivor as you wanderer through the barren suburbs and rurals of post-apocalyptic Russia, trying to find signs of life and hope. While you walk along rudimentary dirt roads, managing through quiet forests, and the haunting cities in Russia, you uncover memories of the old world and how life use to be; before things came to be. The world has been ravaged by a deadly outbreak after some ""Genius"" in a lab coat discovered a new strain variant to the Ebola virus, and accidentally released it, which spread for miles until eradicating most of the human population across the planet. The only ones who have survived turned for the worst, now roam the wastes as raiders, or have become too ill to live. The world of 35MM is the result of man trying to play God, and man inevitably failed. When mankind failed, nature flourished once again because life finds a way.Bottom line, 35MM seems like a quiet tour of Russia after a deadly virus outbreak. It's feels more of an exploration-simulator, with a touch of horror. Interesting and informative dialogue about your surroundings and history, but poorly executed translation between Russian and English. Minimal combat and intense situations, simple interactions with the world around you, like take/drop, open/close, use/holster. The game mechanics need a little buffing as there we're some noticable bugs.35MM may not be as immersive as other open-world games, but it does a great job at keeping you engaged with the story and environmental aspects, giving off a sad and mundane, yet haunting experience of a post-apocalyptic Russia.7.5/10  - A Valium-induced Metro 2033 S.T.A.L.K.E.R metamorphosis."
,Recommended,466500,30464671,Posted: 11 March,all,Dogginhammers,Need a 3444 X 1440 ultra wide setting!
76561197989464080,Not Recommended,466500,33319533,Posted: 6 July,all,hamish.mccallum,"I had such high hopes of this game, based on the weight of positive reviews here and the fact that many of the games I like best  have an eastern European origin and setting.I was sorely disappointed, for several reasons.For most of the game, what you see on screen pulses in and out of focus, presumably to represent the illness of the player's character.  This, together with the movement of the character's head as he walks, made ME feel ill: it was like playing with a very severe hangover.  The head-moving thing is something I especially dislike: our brains work hard to eliminate this movement from our vision - only for game developers to add it back in!The colour palette was turned right down: only in cut scenes was there any colour visible.  This may have had an artistic purpose, but for me it failed: the dinginess is monotonous and gratuitously depressing, in a way that (say) Stalker is not.Add to that a weak story and undeveloped characters, and I found that I didn't have much incentive to complete the game."
,Not Recommended,466500,33379982,Posted: 8 July,all,Underchill,"Generally bad game. The english is terrible, the scripted events are pretty garbage too. I was never entertained, nor scared. I got this game because of how cheap it is. It certainly is not worth the 9 dollar price tag."
,Recommended,466500,28242359,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Macht Brouzouf,Графноооо хаха ха ха ха ххааааа
,Recommended,466500,31276524,Posted: 21 April,all,Nirano,"When the game passed, a funny feeling arose that the apocalypse in Russia had already come, it was painfully familiar landscapes, and the devastation characteristic of the Russian province was shown in fact. But not the essence, the plot of the plot is that some Andrei Petrovich from Lipetsk together with a brutal fellow traveler are trying to get to Moscow, somewhere between Voronezh and Moscow. The key message in the game is correct, in the global catastrophe, the surviving humanity, due to its vicious specificity, begins to shrink fairly quickly, somewhere with the help of friends of our lesser cooperated with wild animals, but the most terrible enemy of people is naturally themselves.Now about the implementation, 35 mm did one person and did well, but the graphics are rather weak, the animation of the characters is terrible, but in comparison with the first project ""Train"" a huge step forward, and it turned out quite atmospheric, even if the plot is contrived, and some vicissitudes are drawn for Ears. And behind the scene in the metro with statues I want to say thank you, it turned out to be crooked, as when in the ""Train"" I was frightened by mannequins. In general for Sergei Noskov is a step forward, and I think people need to be supported, in my opinion it turned out worthy, so I recommend to play this game. We are waiting for the next project."
,Not Recommended,466500,25670023,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,InvictusTv,Okay So I am trying to play the game and apparently I cant run the game with more than 5fps but yet I can run GTA or Fallout with 40-100fps I dont see why I cant run this game at a higher fps and I changed the quality to low and it didnt change anything tried restarting it after I changed it and nothing it just changed the language from english to russian. The game itself looks very interesting but I wish I could play it. I plan on writing a better review after I can play.
,Recommended,466500,31214076,Posted: 18 April,all,Mr. DJ Poot Mann,"Its not a long game in any way shape or form, but in the same way its not a game, but an experience. I played this game mostly scared, thinking things were going to jump out at me around every corner. to my suprize it never happend. But that feeling, that scared feeling i felt for most of the game made it better, it made me cautious. i didnt get as many photos with my little camera as i would have liked, as i was very conservitive of the shots. I didnt know how long the story was going to be. Though, im glad i didnt know, it made the time i played all the better. Im not one to judge a game for its controls or buttons, only the feeling it gave me while playing. it was a good one"
,Recommended,466500,25721881,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Adrian3008,"Very interesting game. I am very picky when it comes to choosing games but this game impressed me greatly. I'm a big fan of Stalker games, Metro and the story behind them. I like the idea of ​​this game to let you explore the area to find many interesting things. I want to congratulate the one who created this wonderful game and I look forward to a continuation of the game."
,Recommended,466500,31655352,Posted: 9 May,all,Silent,Very different to be honest. slow pace movie style game. very interesting i had to finish it.
76561198044559732,Recommended,466500,29128426,Posted: 8 January,all,Qirm,"Das Spiel scheint man schnell durchspielen zu können. Aber dann kommen da Situationen auf die einen ewig lang vorkommen. Nett durchdachte Rätsel hier und da. Lohnen sich die 8,99 Euro? Ich kenne Spiele die wirklich mies sind und eindeutig mehr kosten. Hier haben wir ein günstiges Spiel was mal wirklich gut ist.  Vor allem sollte man sich alles genau ansehen und anhören. Um mehr über diese Welt wo das Spiel spielt zu erfahren. Es ist nicht zuviel und nicht zuwenig. Genug was man wissen muß."
,Not Recommended,466500,26336121,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bourbon,Not my cup of tea
,Recommended,466500,29718081,Posted: 5 February,all,Gimboid,"Great game by a single dev, was fun to complete and interesting concept."
,Not Recommended,466500,25664883,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,"Spark Wright, Ultimate Attorney.","so far, the general experience is acceptable, I wouldn't say anything about this game is painful or difficult, but they have made some very dumb decisionsyou walk slightly faster than your friend, which means constant stopping and starting when you try to walk with him, he also stops at every fork in the road and works on his cure for cancer for at least a few minutes, you can just run on ahead without him though and trigger the next cut scene and he magically shows up.I met a dog and my player started seizing, so I assumed this dog was important and danced around it pressing e for a while before going into my inventory and eating all my food and realising that when you start to seize, it means yo♥♥♥♥♥is hungry or injured or somethun and also your notebook is in better shape the healthier you are which is nice.also something they never mention but is required to know is that in the notebook, the number next to a usable item on the right is the number to bring it up in gameI'm not sure why I like it (and I constantly question whether or not I do as I play), it has very little direction, bad writing (your friend ""explains"" the apocalypse to you even though you freaking lived it, I know it is just for the player but that type of explaining is so lazy and unrealistic), ridiculous events and weird object placement (a bear appears and you run for a bit before yoru friend just straight caps it, and when you fetch water to boil to drink, your friend rubs his glass on the ground to pick up water while you just pull a filled glass out of your♥♥♥♥♥, and in general any game where I have to play a game on my phone to keep myself occupied while I follow a person is just disgustingbuuuut the story itself isn't bad, the bear shooting and dirt glass was hilarious, the actual exploration and scavenging is oddly enjoyable, and when I'm not in pain because of a bad direction, I'm enjoying myself.buy it if none of this bothers you and you are willing to have a terrible time in order to learn a cool story and explore a noice environment."
76561198094386205,Recommended,466500,24061068,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Broken Frog Dispenser,"Great game!If you like games similar too metro 2033, metro last light or stalker then this is right up your alley. xd"
,Recommended,466500,23996283,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,causticAlchemy,"I like it, I'm just not sure what to do with it.It has it's problems - cutscene triggers are awkwardly placed. There's no clear objectives... I've been told to find a well but I can't seem to find it anywhere. As someone who plays a lot of survival horror it's creepy.. I was very much expecting something to move and if you play it long enough to ""wake up"" somewhere, you'll know exactly what I mean.However, the game is beautiful, and peaceful. I'm not sure why I need to be picking up food or health kits because I haven't got any stat bars.. but it's still enjoyable so far. I'll probably drop in and out of it, and gradually work my way through."
76561198077498334,Recommended,466500,24038436,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Pdaddy,Visually appealing and a really realistic walking simulator
76561198047680270,Recommended,466500,24044765,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,kmkl,Nice realistic post apocalyptic atmospheric game with good graphics. howerer game need still work. Get out here stalkers!
76561198065408546,Recommended,466500,24053942,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,szarkamichael,"Great cinematic experience (not necessarily a great gaming experience).As an experience, this game is absolutely amazing.  Great, dark stroytelling, in a gorgeous post-apocalyptic environment.  I knew nothing about this game when I bought it, except that Rock Paper Shotgun had recommended it.  I was pleasantly surprised with the rich story and overall experience.  I keep saying ""experience"" because that is what you are getting from this ""game"".  The writing is great; it felt like I was guiding a well-paced foreign film that happened to last (and remain exciting) for 3-4 hours.  It was absolutely beautiful in every sense of the word; graphics, atmosphere, writing, emotion.As a game though it was very frustrating.   It was VERY deliberate; do not expect to solve things/find things your own way as it is completely prescribed.  Minute details occasionally preclude you from moving forward which, for someone that loves puzzles and mutliple ways to approach problems, is beyond frustrating.   I'll avoid any spoilers but an event near the end of the story needed to be completed in a very specific sequence (for really no discerible reason), and when it wasn't I ended up frustratingly exploring for over an hour, finding NOTHING, before searching online.  Unfortuntately, this had a negative impact on my enjoyment of such a beautiful story.Either way, I'm very glad I experienced 35mm and at it's price it's SO incredibly worth it.  When you have the ability to be fully immersed in a beautiful 4 hour long story for $4 CAD, it makes me wonder why I pay $20 plus to go to the movies (and I love movies!).Great value, great story, great immersive experience."
,Recommended,466500,24419262,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,ky3to,"This game... truly captures the ""you're not alone..."" feeling, goosebumps everywhere."
,Recommended,466500,30575467,Posted: 17 March,all,OLZ3N Meister,A pretty Nice story but got a sad ending in my game
76561198042145848,Recommended,466500,24378302,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,"I like it . Not a whole lot of action but once again . Unique . That is the kind of game that i look for . Very desolate and dreadful , it makes one feel like they are with the players . S.T.A.L.K.E.R.ish in a way . It is not for a youngin due to the game is slow going . But i know adults will find it very interesting . Buy it , so very differant than your typical shoot shoot shoot game ."
,Recommended,466500,35139306,Posted: 22 September,all,GenkiB,"I really enjoyed this game, although i got kinda stuck in the subway. Really nice scenery and graphics, perfect post-apocalyptic environment and beautiful foliage. I thought the story took a wierd spin with the statues and all, but it was creepily unexpected. Would play more games from the developer. 8/10"
76561198120233318,Recommended,466500,28940219,Posted: 2 January,all,sonntam,"One of the most atmospheric and unique indie games I ever played. At this point one would think the zombie genre had been done to death, but 35MM melancholic calm take on the genre makes it feel both fresh and realistic. You won't fight through hordes of zombies. Instead you walk through deserted villages, make photos and meet fellow survivors.Not even the people you encounter are in a mad rush to run and survive. Instead you can sit down and drink tea with them, talk about the past and present. Even bandits are not blood crazed maniacs, but the same old criminal gangs you can find in modern Russia. The characters are not flashy, but they are very believable and have their own charm.The architecture and level design is very compelling as well. The locations range from vaguely unsettling to peaceful. Visual effects from low health lead to almost black and white vision, while low battery level makes flashlights far less effective. It adds realism without being too aggravating.Speaking of aggravating: gameplay's only redeeming quality is that it's thankfully very sparse. Puzzles are not difficult, but combat is atrocious and the game would benefit from removing at least one or two of the combat scenes. Story wise they made the game better, but gameplay wise they provided truly no joy, being both clunky and way too hard.Heads-up for people who easily get motion sick: sprinting through a village made my head hurt after only ten minutes of searching for the last puzzle piece. Not impossible to deal with, but still unfortunate."
,Recommended,466500,31339442,Posted: 24 April,all,Иavaяо ☢,"Lovely game, some sounds are weird, and could be improved."
,Recommended,466500,23279904,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,WAiKZ,"First of all, the game did pretty good with graphics. This was not a ""survival"" type game, nor was it a crafting based game.  The story could have been a little better, but it was okay for a $13 game. There is little direction in game, but it may be what they were going for. You can see some gameplay at my YouTube channel.Gameplay Video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awde8ylcvek"
,Recommended,466500,23265043,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,coconut,"Despite some unintuitive objectives, an indie blend of Last of Us and Metro 2033 works surprisingly well.MUST have an option to disable head bobbing."
76561198019457556,Not Recommended,466500,23981552,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,haik,"Non-rebindable key. Defaut to WASD, making the game unplayable with anything other than a qwertry keyboard. Mine is azerty.Note: yes, I know I can switch keyboard layout OS-side, or use a third-party software. But as customer, I shouldn't have to do that."
76561198241066498,Not Recommended,466500,33631722,Posted: 18 July,all,Prevsec,If youre drunk or high as fu** ok you can buy ... but if it not just dont buy this game....
76561197972234665,Not Recommended,466500,26322039,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Flori der Fux,"Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to..... Headache Simulator 2016! If you make it through this game without a throbbing headache, your brain has to be made of steel. 35mm, that was for me a mix of ultra slow motion walking simulator and find-the-hidden-object-in-blurry-darkness. Even IF the game fails to deliver the promised headache, you should still consider getting your eyes checked because what happens within those 5-6 hours of... let's call it ""playtime"" can't have been good for them. The game is not enitrely crap. It does have it's few highs. Sound and music, for example, and a truely eerie and mystic atmosphere as well as... no sorry, those were the only highlights. Now what is it all about? Our Russian hero... needs help. First I thoght he needed help with his sickness, later it turns out he just wants home. Half of the population has been killed by an apocalyptic disease and on our long way home we got to face quite a few dangers. Most of the time we walk around in dead areas, find little objects in dark, blurry and large areas, and in very few situations we even need to fight. Enemies. As well as clumsy controls. The story could have been interesting, I don't know, maybe it actually was. All voice acting is in Russian only, and English subtitles often vanish after a second or two, or you got two lines of text in the same line so that you can't read anything. The game is named after a 35mm camera that we carry around with us to make photos for... I don't remember, maybe there was a purpose for this, maybe you can get an achivement for making photos at the right spots, but for the story and gameplay it's of zero relevance. This is just one of many things that I didn't get. Pretty much the same goes for the ending. Okay I'm not going to spoiler anything, just ... it came pretty unexpected, sensationally unspectacular and powerfully confusing. I'm a stubborn person, I paid money for this game and therefore I decided to finish it, but in all honesty, I did not enjoy it. For me, personally, the best thing about 35mm was the ibuprophen after. Nice idea poorly executed. I'm sorry."
,Not Recommended,466500,24106343,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Marcus Helius,"I bought this for £3 during a sale, I would say it was worth it, but not worth £9.99.TL:DRA very basic short game, basic controls, no UI, no settings for keybindings/graphics/sound, very little to interact with in the game. But some levels were creepy and fun.YOU CAN NOT SAVE IN THIS GAME.You have to complete a level entirely before you get a checkpoint, and when you die you go back to that checkpoint, this is the biggest downside to this game.------------------------------------------------There are some levels in this game that were pretty cool, but you have to play for over an hour or more before anything really interesting happens.I have no idea what the camera is useful for, I have no idea why reading some things or playing an instrument makes the screen glow, I had no idea there was different endings, but I will probably not play through all the boring levels just to get a different ending.I thought this was a survival game, but it is not, you have food and medical supplies but they both just increase a 'health bar'.There is no survival elements to this game, you can die a couple of times through the game from enemies or traps, but other than that you don't need to do anything to survive...The story is pretty basic, some dialogue and some diary entries you can find around the levels but it is all badly translated Russian to English.All the dialogue is in Russian with subtitles, which I have no problem with.The animations are pretty basic, you are given items that have very few uses, once you get a gun you have litterally only 2 encounters where you need to use it.The game ended without resolving anything, I was expecting to meet up with my partner who I had left behind to turn a switch off, but instead I reach a town where you can explore a bit but reveals nothing and you finally get to a room where you just sit at a window and the game ends...Very bad ending to the game, story left unfinished, areas of the game I wanted to explore but couldn't because of litterally being on some rails...Over all I am a bit disapointed in this game but a bout an hour of gameplay in the middle was interesting.I left the game running all night because there is no way to save progress, that's why I have 10hours of playtime.I basically spent 3hours in game and most of that was running about trying to activate things to progress."
76561198055767971,Not Recommended,466500,25634631,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ShiniSaba,"This game was terrble from the begining, with bad timing cues and the illution of an open world experience, I expected to anywhere and everywhere, but was cut off multiple times, this is bundled with the insentive to explore with items hidden all over the place, but only where they want you to go, like a trail of bread crumbs, not to mention the lack of clear objectives so you dont know where to go in a bloody linier game.also the sound design was terrible, with just sound that should be quiet and atmospheric, turn into loud booms and screeches, I was looking through houses and cicadas, birds, and other insects were louder than the games music.bad gameplay i.e none in the first hour, it felt like I was playing the walking dead, games, jsut picking stuff up and moving from A to B."
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,466500,25624741,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Winterspark,"Is trhis supposed to be finished game? A curious, apparenelty uncustomiisable interface using the interesting mix of mouse keyboard and controller all at the same time. Thought I had bought some early access tripe by mistake, but no apparently this is the finished article. Refund!"
76561198025402816,Not Recommended,466500,33824229,Posted: 26 July,all,A7o8,"Sorry, no. This is just too poor to give a pass. The first 10 minutes of the game are awful, performance isn't optimized sufficiently, tons of little design issues that add up rapidly, not enough content to engage. And more."
76561198030879501,Recommended,466500,23810215,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Plague4You,9 мёртвых бабок Луиз из 10
,Recommended,466500,24000994,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ZiCell,"This game needs to meet DayZ. They need to talk about something, Go to a dinner or something. Watch some movie or whatever. Get to know each other. Grow fond of each other. Got to some quite place and have sex in the end. Sex needs to be done without condoms. As if condoms weren't even invented. So there could be a baby. A nice little boy. A beautiful baby boy. No homo."
,Not Recommended,466500,25747033,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Raffe,Just really REALLY slow paced with clunky animations and really poorly translated subtitles.
,Recommended,466500,25688083,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Matt,"Nice, well made game, especially as it was made by one Ruski man, although sometimes it can be very frustating haha"
76561198058512884,Recommended,466500,29431424,Posted: 22 January,all,Bloodcell,I like it
76561198355470688,Recommended,466500,32217859,Posted: 6 June,all,Mokka111,It is fantastic im just in the middle of the game.
76561198328298062,Not Recommended,466500,25665044,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Relaxation23,"i havent played much of this game at all just thought i should say that this game sucks if your trying to use a xbox one controller all of the controls are mixed up (to look left and right you use the triggers, and i cant figure out how to look up and down) i tried going into the setting to cutomize it myself but there are no options for using a controller for this game"
,Not Recommended,466500,24392829,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,I-Singularity-I,"Here is what I think of 35MM.I got this during the Steam Summer Sale as it seemed interesting and I like a good walking simulator from time to time and this seemed to have all the ingredients for a decent and unique experience. I was sadly mistaken.To say that 35MM is boring is an understatement. I played about 25 minutes of the game which was more than enough to convince me of how bad this title is. I get the whole atmosphere and the S.T.A.L.K.E.R like looks and homages but the lack of any flow, terrible sound effects, and it's abysmal attempt at trying to structure something to rope me in resulted in one  of the most sleep inducing experiences I've had in gaming. Which is something I never thought I'd say about a game. Ever.The rest of the game is ok at best in terms of design, but the developer either didn't have the funds or the inspiration to make it an enveloping story. These types of games take skill to create because if you don't do it correctly it just becomes a snooze fest. Which 35MM basically turned into.In closing this game cost me $3.89 and I still refunded it out of principle because it was that boring. Do yourself a favor and skip it."
,Not Recommended,466500,26423913,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Infectedbush,"Not really a lot happening here, kind of unexciting."
76561198069829732,Recommended,466500,23679069,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Rune Vortex,Bleak and desolate. English translation could use some polishing.
,Recommended,466500,23867136,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Ractre,"Helped some kid with a puzzle, absolutely brilliant with a few hickups!"
,Not Recommended,466500,33247762,Posted: 4 July,all,Bluejay™,"Its ok, its not that great though. I wouldnt pay more than $2 for this."
76561197961522486,Recommended,466500,26639780,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,PUPPYKICKER,"This is a fun little game. Just don't go into it expecting action and stuff, it is minimalistic in a way of some could argue that it may need more polishing.  In a sense, it does.  But, it's story is cool and at times it jumps at you and you get really into the immersive environment.  It lacks but it hits a sore spot if your a fan of atmospheric, post-apoc, and/or russian epic titles that have an environment immersion that is close to Stalker or Metro, (which i love to death). It was ok and fun but, I was kind of expecting a little more."
,Not Recommended,466500,25871708,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Donswiftarm,"I tryed to give this game every chance but after setting it to english ten times the game still spoke in russian ,then the subtitles did not stay on for long so some of them i did not get to read .The game looked very nice  and what i could make of the story was good but then i got to a piont where i could not get any further in the game and had no idea what to do, so im hoping a patch down the road will fix things but for now i would not recmmend this game :("
76561198144642639,Recommended,466500,29914841,Posted: 13 February,all,Kenscola65,it was a decent game kinda feels like any other play tho
76561198056746787,Recommended,466500,24397315,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,gietek,"6 hours submerging myself in the atmosphere. It is an average game with good but a little wasted potential. The last two shooting scenes were totally unnecessary. And the wolves' animations were dismally bad. Why did the devs bother in the first place?But all in all I enjoyed it. This is what apocalypse would look like. Abandoned places, no zombies or monsters. It reminds me of another game ""I Am Alive""."
,Recommended,466500,23262993,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,AndrejAE,"Very atmospheric game! There is some moments, that need to update, but game is very good."
76561197998305943,Recommended,466500,29866717,Posted: 11 February,all,kikea,4hr long russian anti drink driving PSA5/10
76561198093738461,Recommended,466500,31580968,Posted: 6 May,all,SirSkully,CHEEKI BREEKI IV DANKE
,Not Recommended,466500,33659809,Posted: 19 July,all,*PALE CROW*,ANNOYING CONTROLS
,Recommended,466500,23988081,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,me|kor,Nice game if you like Vanishiong of Ethan Carter.
,Recommended,466500,23322412,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ongar the World-Weary,4.1. written all over this mafk.
76561198046416176,Recommended,466500,23301915,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,[ARP] calhoundavid1,This game is great. I love the detail and story line of the game. The ending is sad but it is good. The people who made this has put a lot of effort into this game and it paid off.
76561198071034410,Recommended,466500,24093176,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,spoonly,"such a woke game, playing it will earn yourself some major clout"
,Not Recommended,466500,23472340,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,FOXDIE,"""wait for your mate simulator 2016""""...do not need to go far...alpha release""-ugly graphics (max 1080p, really :D)-bad musics-bad animations-buggy+atmospheric+nice environmental sounds"
76561198055287127,Not Recommended,466500,25690631,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,haha yes,"I really wanted to like this game but i have returned it because your buddy is too slow, you get lost in forest, no navigation where you need to go and you cant view objectives or where you can find them."
,Recommended,466500,25016971,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,GluwugA,"Игра ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ый шедевр, если вы фанат сталкера/метро, то вы обязаны поиграть в эту игру,отличная атмосфера,интересный сюжет с НЕОЖИДАННЫМ ПОВОРОТОМ В КОНЦЕ, прекрасная музыка и т.д.10 Бородатых мужиков из 10."
,Not Recommended,466500,23900150,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,darkrobb,I've played for about 30-45 min and the pace seems very slow and sluggish.There is hardly anything to pick up apart from batteries and food.the graphics and animations arn't the greatest eather.Maybe the slow pace etc. will change further in the game.
,Not Recommended,466500,24162238,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,shavenridge23,it has great graphics and is relaxingbut  personally not a very fun game
76561198116539300,Not Recommended,466500,34127267,Posted: 9 August,all,Maiton,"Honestly I have played 9 hours just to get all the achievements. On the first run if you like the genre (atmospheric walking simulator) Its a good game for 5 bucks. Its not a bad game, but to get all achievements and maybe get something more from a very dry story you need to finish it 3 times. First time its ok (3/4hr) but anything more is just pure boredom.Pros-Nice atmosphere.-Few to no bugs.Cons-Flat story.-Karma points, kinda bad.-Boring (not relaxing).Buy it only if you like the genre or if it is under 5 bucks."
76561198040468610,Not Recommended,466500,23983731,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,DISMAL,"I wa excited at first. Huge fan of post apocalyptic/Stalker type games,In the end this game suffers too many much playing issues. Lousy controls, extremely boring actions.The set is ok in the beginning but the second half results in resolving dumb puzzles in very low graphics environments.Fighting scenes are the most frustrating I've ever seen. You are forced to switch between controller and mouse because there's no way you can configure your controls in ther menu. VERY VERY BORING GAME THAT PROVIDES YOU EVERYTHING EXCEPT EXCITMENT..AVOID!!!"
,Not Recommended,466500,28300548,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Count Jackula,"I wanted to like it, especially as I am a real-life photographer and also a fan of post-apoc settings, but...just...no. The graphics are meh. Also, why have the camera feature be irrelevant to the story? Why not award something for framing and taking landscapes images important to the game story or background? Like, take 3 images of important locations and find a journal with backstory or some concept art, etc.But really my biggest complaint is how far the game sets you back if you are restarting.You cannot manual save, so I would guess it auto-saves every FEW HOURS. Very lame. So every time you restart expect to be forced to replay the last hour of the game from when you played it last. It completely kills any desire to explore fully.I have played this game on both my laptop and desktop, and achievements work for neither. IF IF IF achievements worked AND you could save whenever the heck you wanted (HELLO?!?) then I would give the game a 3 out of 5 stars and recommend at least one playthrough. It's such a shame because the game could have been so much better with such small effort (lookin at you Dear Esther)."
76561197988205681,Not Recommended,466500,23435571,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,TemperedRex,"I just can't get into it.  Had to search how to change the game from russian to english.  I have no problems with subtitles, but a simple language check on install would have been nice.  No key bindings what so ever.  You are stuck using what they default.  I am a die hard arrows key/numpad user and having to use the WASD keys just ruin the fluidity.  Speaking of key bindings... what keys are used entirely?  There is nothing showing settings regarding the game except graphics.The graphics are nice but within 10 minutes I had enough of trying to walk around without thinking about how to move forward.  So in short, if you like the default keys you may enjoy the game but for me deciding if the wind is strong enough to♥♥♥♥♥♥in without splashing you back seems more straight forward."
76561197970606429,Recommended,466500,23293942,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Will G,I'm an hour in and there has only been a little plot so far.It's not as bad as it could be but the dialog is a little hard to follow at times and the graphics are average but functional.Below is a video of what to expect in the first hour...well actually more like the first 15 mins if you don't muck about like I do.https://youtu.be/jaI5wH_iJbw
76561197995504559,Recommended,466500,23272128,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,amakusa,Game is magnificent!I thank the developer for amazing game!Игра великолепна!Благодарю разработчика за изумительную игру!
76561198036569081,Not Recommended,466500,24143380,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,k21c,"Wow, I've tried to play this game 3 times and it's something about the movement/motion of this game that makes me sick to my stomach. I've never experienced that with any other games. Oh well, I can't play this game."
76561198318234850,Not Recommended,466500,33589277,Posted: 16 July,all,i╚USIo∩,...
,Not Recommended,466500,24323322,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,mortal,"looks like a game with a nice atmosphere, but if you don't suffer the following point,lools like a walking simulator too, where you can pick up a few stuff like food.just do not buy this(i don't for instance, i'm too old gamer to stand that, when it's supposed to be in all 3d game since for years)-no save, only checkpoint save, and checkpoint are far (at least further than i could stand-no gamepad support (i plugged a 360 controller, i could only go forward backward and strafe, no menu control and nothing else-no key bindingso if you can stand that, why not"
,Not Recommended,466500,33055568,Posted: 30 June,all,ŁøåÐ¡иɠ...,I had a lot of hope that this game was good sdaly its simply very boring and dull
,Not Recommended,466500,26493553,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Шаста,"It took a very very long time to get anywhere, and as soon as it started getting interesting the game just leaves you in the dark to figure out what to do... If that sounds like a good time, this game is for you."
,Recommended,466500,28492948,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Dip Man,"Perfect game , nice graphs , story ... 10/10"
,Not Recommended,466500,24572279,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Madbat,"-Very clunky game mechanics-little to no guidance as to what you are supposed to do or how to do it.-buggy cut scenes.-slow cut scenes, with poor subtitled dialogue.-buggy mechanics.-Unexplained game mechanics that get really clunky.-slow and plodding overall with with little clear goal in mind. You are basically just going from here to there just because. There simply isn't enough story to hold it together. At times I felt as though I was just going from cut scene to cut scene.-The Russian to English translations are....quaint. (Minor quibble)-Tasks are clunky, for lack of a better term. Go find thing A, then get told to go BACK to where you came from to get thing B to use on Thing A. This happens a lot and gets really annoying.+Music is decent.+graphics are decent+overall environment looks good and gets the point across. Limited access and invisible walls get frustrating however.+the few letters and whatnot you find are interesting. Considering the overall lack of anything to do in this game, there should have been more. At least then you have a purpose, gather the overall story of what happened.Overall I don't hate the game, but it definitely needs a lot of work. I can't see playing this more than once, so get it on sale."
,Recommended,466500,24266073,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,ϟϟYung Rick Harrison,"10/10 Would play Metro: 35mm again.All ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t aside, Its a good game."
76561198310854781,Not Recommended,466500,35405875,Posted: 1 October,all,dmilligan1984,GARBAGE......GARBAGE......GARBAGE.......
,Recommended,466500,28070300,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Gabbe The Golden Comedian,My first walking simulator. Pretty good game. The dogs were a pain.7/10
,Not Recommended,466500,23343851,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,.   -julez.a,"I really wanted to like this game. Unfortunately, there are some issues that keep it from being worth the effort. Keys are not rebindable, there is no FOV setting, and the headbob/FOV combination is sure to make anyone sensitive (like myself) motion sick pretty quickly. The game defaults to Russian, which is fine, but expect to dig around a menu a bit to discover where to set the game to English. Once you do, expect to be reading some of the most poorly localized subtitles I've seen in a long time (there is no English voice over).If there is an interesting story to be uncovered in this game, I certainly wasn't willing to subject myself to the gameplay and visuals for more than 45 minutes to find out."
76561198202786928,Not Recommended,466500,23301849,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,OnlyCurmudge,"A terrible game, I was fooled into buying it by the positive reviews, but it really is awful.  Bad UI design, lousy sound, sluggish controls, and tedious puzzles required to advance from one short scenario to another, with no real continuity or even a decent story evident.  Very disappointed."
,Recommended,466500,23260741,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Farking,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBFJZvJyuJsHey guys, check out my first impressions of the game 35mm, it is a new Russian style post apocalyptic game where you and a firend travel through a Russia that is no more. It is not your typical survival game and from what I have played of it, it is a fun game. The game is very slow paced so if you dont like lots of walking without allot happening then this game probably isnt for you. It is very atmospheric and you do feel like it is just you and your friend travelling through Russia.Check out my gameplay so you can see it for yourself! I have a GTX980 and it was a little choppy at times so that may sway some people either way if you dont have the greatest graphics card.For $14.00 its a solid buy"
,Not Recommended,466500,23528790,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,SikFly,"The Good:great atmosphere and soundshas creepy vibe but little to fearimpressive considering its not made by a larger teamThe bad:poor animationlack of direction, some things are very vagueno controller supportcheckpoint system is too far if you want to quit, it.,s a very slow wait/ and there is no indicator that i could see to tell me when checkpoint was achieved, i lost 30 minutes of play as a resultThe Ugly:graphics are meh at bestso much potential here but obviously would require a lot of expert work or a team which will leave you a bit dissapointed because you can almost taste the potential here. Like it almost has a stalker feel........almost and thats the part that gets you everytime you play/"
,Recommended,466500,24951645,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,wshand,"This game portrayed a frightening. A world where a man wanders across a desolate wasteland and wonders, is there anything interesting here. A land where a man can slowly develop a headache from strange blurry filters. A land where a man slowly gets driven to boredom looking for item after item, room after boring grey room. A land filled with characters who have no character.But I got to see a dude shoot a bear with his gun. 10/10 WOULD SHOOT BEAR AGAIN!RIP SMOKEY"
,Not Recommended,466500,23797924,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,╠═≫═╣,"Okay, let's begin.I ran it, setttings - maxed out, and what do I see?Grey-s***ty gamma, awful graphics at all(say hello to 2005). Animations are terrible, characters are dumb (especially your mate), the story is dumb as hell. Shortly, this game about all and at the same time this game about nothing, Do not waste your time by playing ""this"".Abou the price, this game definitely is not worth it. Full walkthrough takes about 3 hrs playtime.You rather  spend your money on more quality product.Conclusion: totally not recommended"
,Recommended,466500,23422944,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,CartiV,"Honestly, a good and well made game if you're into these type of games. Keep up the good work!"
,Not Recommended,466500,33614030,Posted: 17 July,all,SkullerDeath,I Did Not Enjoyed!
,Not Recommended,466500,24419426,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Weeb Privilege,"I was at my wits end running around looking for this stupid ♥♥♥♥ well, which turned out to be a building. Then when I found the building where the well was after digging through a million buildings it told me to find a bucket. Searched a few more buildings and eventually said ♥♥♥♥ that. Don't tell me to go look for one thing and then say ""Oh wait... actually find this first"", both of which were benign and pointless to the story. Don't pad your game out with frustrating stupid bull♥♥♥♥♥♥like this."
76561198160621426,Recommended,466500,32964670,Posted: 28 June,all,SkyrimKing78,i do like the game so far but i do have one problem when i put it on english subtitles they still speak russain
76561198115046591,Not Recommended,466500,23458530,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,[LYF]Hugo Stiglitsky,+Great graphics/atmosphere/sound design-Awful story line-Terrible robotic characters with absolutely no personality-clunky as hell AI physics-AI WALK WAY TOO SLOW as do you-Boring
,Not Recommended,466500,28842293,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,<EdgeCrusher> [GTribe],"35mm is one of those games that I had high hopes for. The story is good, the graphics are ok and the characters are interesting. However everything just falls apart because of execution. I nearly fell asleep because spent the first half hour of the game by trudging along the environment with nothing much to do except randomly look at stuff. There was not enough anything to keep my interest going so I just quit and uninstalled the game."
,Not Recommended,466500,23383435,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Shrooboid313,"I REALLY WANT A ""MIXED"" OPTION FOR REVIEWS BECAUSE THAT'S HOW I FEEL ABOUT THIS GAME.I saw the tags as ""Walking Simulator"", ""Story Rich"" and ""Atmospheric"" so I knew what I was sort of expecting when I picked up this game since I was in the mood for something story driven.I didn't think it was a bad game I just didn't personally enjoy it. I can see it's merits as a game and why other people do and will enjoy it. I just wouldn't recommend it.Pros first:--Everything, game-wise, worked just fine: All the graphics were fine, I found no bugs, nothing glitched for me and my game never crashed. So kudos on that front.--It was definitely atmospheric like the tags suggests, and the horror tag I understand as well. The game was more or less as I was expecting (tag-wise)--Certain aspects of the game (that I won't mention for spoilers) were unique and I'd never seen before in a Walking SimulatorCons:--I didn't personally find it to be story driven until literally the last two minutes of the game where a large chunk of the story is thrown at you at once.--My ending of the game left massive plot holes in the game. (I have discovered that there is more than one ending, so perhaps that ending explains more)--The two main characters really don't talk to each other enough, making parts of the game incredibly dull. Also with them not talking, you learn nothing about them and as such I found myself not caring about either of them or what happened to them.--THE PASSCODELike I stated above, I don't think it's a bad game per-se, I just didn't enjoy it. I thought it was going okay if a little slow until the ending which I found to be awful. (Like I also stated, I found out there is apparently more than one so maybe that one is better than the one I saw) I really wish that there was a ""mixed"" option for steam reviews because that's really what this is. Game-wise it works fine, I just didn't find the game that good as I really didn't care about the characters."
76561197975551289,Recommended,466500,26032477,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TuRoK 2....,I liked this...
,Not Recommended,466500,28137173,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,The Sexual Man,Walking simulator
76561198004312710,Not Recommended,466500,29044637,Posted: 5 January,all,{E}Darktowernz,GAME is in russian with  english subtitles.
76561198022111869,Recommended,466500,23247430,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Barzum,"Nice visuals, good atmosphere"
76561198015207704,Recommended,466500,23262700,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Kevali,cant find the goddamn bucketjk
76561197984785481,Not Recommended,466500,23870748,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,[DSDIZZT] Lalle75(GER),"DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU ARE NOT RUSSIAN!!!It is developed in russian. The interface is russian. The sound is russian.It is not even possible to change the interface language without problems, because you cannot understand the options. And when you were able to change it, you do not know the keys to control the game, because you cannot change the key settings, and there is no manual.I even requested a refund for the very first time."
76561198004296468,Not Recommended,466500,30469333,Posted: 12 March,all,Almark,"Fine levedesign... and nothing else.Gameplay:♥♥♥♥♥♥Story:♥♥♥♥♥♥Realy boring, plain and bad for your health. Like potato salad with♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in it."
,Not Recommended,466500,30420202,Posted: 9 March,all,Mike,I mean it's just so borring.
,Recommended,466500,25743169,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,vokseli,"+ Athmosphere/mood+ Russia+ Feeling of pseudo-freedom+ Length+ Things aren't shoved into your face- Some puzzles- Ending, I guessBetter than Metro games combined.4/5"
,Recommended,466500,23277811,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,_lukester_,Fantastic game
,Not Recommended,466500,23265622,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,RedLegs13B,"I was really looking forward to this game, but I was thoroughly dissapointed. The trailers and game footage looked promising, but this game was lacking and I personally feel like more time should of been spent on it before it was released.Pros:Ambient lighting effects were awesomeEerie setting & atmoshpere was definitely thereMysterious storylineCons:Graphics are not as great as everyone is making them out to beOther traveler walked extremely slow and would not stray off of set pathEXTREMELY LINEAR; you'll actually run into invicible boundaries....No clear instructions most of the timeSound elements could of been better:-At night the sound of crickets drove me mad. It's audio levels way surpaced any other sound levels, which was ridiculous-First time I jumped I got startled and thought someone was grunting behind me; you'll sound like a caveman....-Walking is just a repetative gravel crunching sound that becomes irritatingVery little insentive to ""Explore"" the little there is to explore. It's rather a waste of time rather than a rewarding experienceOverall:[4/10]Totally requested my money to be redeemed..""A"" for effort, for an indie game"
,Not Recommended,466500,33307905,Posted: 6 July,all,pango,Can't rebind the controls. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,466500,26630678,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Sneakerhead MTR,2 stupid oldman's story
,Not Recommended,466500,30377575,Posted: 7 March,all,rolling,nothing more than slowly walking around
,Recommended,466500,28584072,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Harvester of Sorrow,"* LONG REVIEW AHEAD, THIS IS THE MOST DETAILED I HAVE EVER BEEN WHEN RATING A GAME, THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME :) *When I first started playing 35mm I got this feeling, this vibe, from the game that this could possibly work as the DayZ origin story, a sort of first-person narrative. For those of you who have played the mod or standalone version you might understand what I mean. It, like DayZ, takes place in Russia. The setting, buildings, terrain, etc. all feels reminiscent of the DayZ map of Chernarus which I really enjoyed. Therefore, leading me to sort of give this game my own setting besides what's handed to you. Basically you're in the aftermath of some sort of virus outbreak that has wiped out 40% of the population, whether it is the""zombies"" kinda outbreak or you just simply die from a disease, it's not too well know until later on in the game, but that first impression in my mind was just fanastic to me. I overall enjoyed the game, but... it's not finished, I would say. This game, in my thoughts, has so much more potential. The game does many, many things right, but some forms of it's execution really holds the game back from what it can be, so here's my list of pros and cons for the game.Positives:+ The atmosphere is great. The world feels realisitc and lived in.+ The story has you asking questions on and off throughout. (I believe this is one of the points the game has true potential, especially with this narrative, if it can get flushed out just a BIT more that would be great)+ The game doesn't hold your hand... at times. You're free to walk around, there are no objective markers, or anything like that. The only downside was there a few invisible walls here and there that prevent you from going TOO far and at times the objective isn't very clear so you're left wondering around scratching your head as to where you are suppose to go next.+ Frames are great, completely smooth throughout.+ Graphics (besides player models, see negatives for more on this) are really fantastic especially since this game runs off of the Unity engine!*POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD*There were two moments of the game I just LOVED.One is where I found a hidden woman were a family's grandmother was locked up due to her illness. Once I got inside I expected her to be dead, but she started moving. Dead look her in eyes and blood draining from her mouth, I paniced. ""Is this a zombie game?! Is she only on the verge of death?!"" I didn't know so out of a reaction I killed her with a hatchet.. I just couldn't risk it and it left me questioning what was going on.The other moment was further in the game when you are trying to find a way out from an underground railroad station. At one point something chases you. You never get to see what it is, but the sound effects and music REALLY gave this moment life, a sense of wonder and panic, and an urge to get the hell out. Did this game just become a horror title? SADLY, this was it and nothing else came up... DANG IT! It was SO good! Another example of how I feel this game could really have been flushed out!*END OF SPOILERS*Negatives: Now everything in this list really just has to do with the engine itself and it's restrictions and possibly some areas where there simply just needs some more improvement.- The game is called 35mm, because, well, you have a 35mm camera with you! Sounds neat right? But sadly there is never a reason to actually USE the camera as far as I could determine. You can go the whole entire game without ever pulling it out. There's no collage of photos at the end showing you the pictures you have taken, there's no advantage to the story for taking pictures, you simply just have the camera there but it serves ABSOLUTELY NO PURPOSE and there's never any incentive to take a photo. This is really quite sad since the game is literally named after the camera you take with you.- While the enviroment and it's graphics are great for being on the Unity engine, the character models are just absolutely horrible. They look like HD remasters of EARLY PS2 game players. They are still, sluggish, and just not convincing and set the game back from it being that much more immersive. OH! And the dog models are even WORSE, just wait till you see, like, what the f**k is that...- Speaking of sluggish, your character... oh god does your character move awefully slow. Not just your character, but the companion you have for half of the game walks even SLOWER. BUT luckily, his movements don't hold you back. The walking needs improvement, just a speed increase and the running itself needs a whole new set of developer hands to fix; it feels as if your character is born without knees and when it comes to turning while running it feels like you're suddenly on a thin layer of ice.- Sound quality. While some parts of the overall sound quality really works with the gameplay A LOT of the fx and music is quite simply WAY TOO F**CKIN LOUD!! I'm walking though a forest and the damn birds and owls, with their chirpping and hooing, sounds like the birds are RIGHT on my shoulders. There's more times then just this, but I was constantly having to adjust my volume because the fx and music would rise and fall, rise and fall. Simply annoying and made this unrealistic at times.So that's it. Keep in mind this was done by a SINGLE PERSON, so for your work sir/maddem, I tip my hat off to you and I'm happy to give you my money. The game is great! Apparently there are 3 or 4 different endings, but I persoanlly couldn't really determine for myself what things or choices I did caused the ending I recieved. Heck maybe the camera does something!! But due to some technically setbacks, I feel like the game does not live out it's potential FULLY. It could be so much better, but who knows, maybe these small issues can be fix, lacking moments in the game can be flushed out, and if they do then we have a fantastic game on out hands. I recommend it completely to anyone who is interested, just be prepared for some drawbacks with the game's engine and physics."
,Recommended,466500,29842750,Posted: 11 February,all,Th4t-Hvrt,"Would be better in english,Instead of subtitles."
76561198113230177,Not Recommended,466500,31353455,Posted: 25 April,all,Prone,"My game seems to be broken, can't get past a certain area. Watched walkthroughs and did the same things they did to get through. Trash game."
76561198064831456,Recommended,466500,23285239,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,CABAL,Great game
76561198162521344,Not Recommended,466500,23422763,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,MoonMan,"Will be returning game, basically a walking sim, barely any story, no control tutorials, just watch this♥♥♥♥♥♥on youtube"
,Not Recommended,466500,23322287,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,HiddenFlame,"ok. First off, the consept it very good. love the idea. but......Controls are very sluggish, There is no sound bars to turn the sound down, and if you have motionsickness... DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. I never once suffered from it before until i played this game.its beautiful, its vast, and i couldnt even get an hour into the game cause i kept getting sick."
76561198044306405,Not Recommended,466500,28659816,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Flimflam,Really boring. Going to ask for a refund
76561198184685398,Recommended,466500,23265907,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Slashy McStabby,Yo Ruskies...  you need to do a couple of things to make this go mainstream...  uh  big money..Invert Y axis mouse option.Configurable keyboard settings.It took a little intuition to figure out how to convert the default Russian text over to english so I could view my option menu.I was only 1 minute in and I could tell this has a very good modern Resident Evil feel to it and I like it.Best of luck you Ruskie bastages.Greg
76561198020085437,Recommended,466500,23261579,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nokzen,"Im enjoying the story so far, sure there are some things in this game that could do with some improvements, but if we take it for what it is, its a very nice looking adventure, well made, and its rather cheap.Its NOT Dayz and its NOT an crazy action game :) exploration and story.https://youtu.be/-jEIPUmFkw0"
76561197971263756,Not Recommended,466500,23740017,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Strider,"too slow, Very disapointed in the fact that there are roads that lead to houses but when you get close it says ""no need to go far"" so many places that looks fun to explore are blocked by invisible walls. they should have done a better job at making the game linear if thats what it is.plus your friend walks really slow and you ACTUALLY have to wait for him sometimes."
76561197977025779,Not Recommended,466500,23715224,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Snyperstile [NL],The game is really short.Also it feels like they have skipt some chapters.The main characters are not introduced properly and you have to guess what en why.Have played a lot of better games.
,Not Recommended,466500,25036343,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,The Clown,I played 9 minutesthe walking animation is super lame so i was out looks good tho gfx etc chased by bear would be better if didnt run like a mannequinpinocchio moved more real and he was made of wood :)
76561197970956777,Not Recommended,466500,24247059,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SnowMan,Walking and Rumaging
76561198000348507,Recommended,466500,23258624,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Oi Mate! I Suck BIG TIME,"Check the Video.   I've played 30 minutes of the game and the ""Mate"" is sooo slow and you have no clear objective in in the game so its alot of exploring and ""guessing"" you way to your objectivehttps://youtu.be/IpBmZusq0oA"
,Not Recommended,466500,25603643,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Aranel,"refund requested.Photoshooting is a disappointment, the character is using old film camera, but he is holding it like a compact digital camera, like it would have a display. it is just sad. For me this is a big deal."
76561198047233776,Not Recommended,466500,23321612,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,44,"I have never seen anything like that, the quality of the game is simply stunning. All these game assets were downloaded from some website with free 3d models and textures, all these sounds recorded by the author in 32 kbit/s in his bathroom. All character animations are comparable in terms of quality with Uncharted 4, I believe they all were captured from the author's mother in the same bathroom where he recorded sounds, and perhaps they have even been recorded at the same time. The dialogues are written by some fen addict who thought something like: ""this is how real men talk on my block.. before they start giving each other head"". In the game the main character has a ""friend"" and the first thing that the game does to introduce him is that it shows you that he is a full degenerate with partial paralysis of the legs and all your further adventures will be only in endless waiting for your new barely walking buddy.The most funny thing is that this apocalypse does not support screen resolutions higher than 1080p. Mankind has never seen a game with such a performance, and with so many so beautiful pixel on your screen.Anyway, the game is better than new Doom."
76561198129361498,Not Recommended,466500,23943921,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,benjaminhurst,Russian and slow
76561197999489810,Not Recommended,466500,30013070,Posted: 18 February,all,Aristacah,"Horrible game. I don't need handholding, but this is ridiculous. Nothing works."
,Not Recommended,466500,30367537,Posted: 6 March,all,Beantownburner,"So boring. Even the trailor is boring. I gave it a shot and I wasted my night. Do yourself a favor and do not purchase this, thing... OMG what a waste of a night. I can't emphesize ""waste"" enough. I wish I could get my money back. I'd rather any charity have it over whoever got my money. It's too bad."
,Not Recommended,466500,24493419,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ipkonfig,"What a horrible, POS game. Anti-Alias ins HORRIBLE in this game and I'm running it at 2K (1440) res.And then players are unable to control the music volume. there's simply NO setting.Keybinding? Good luck! There is NO option to change keybinds. You're forced into what they set.This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't know how people are recommending this but they have some DAMN LOW STANDARDS FOR WHAT A GAME SHOULD BE!"
76561198003028834,Not Recommended,466500,30066767,Posted: 20 February,all,Señor SeñoRita MargaRita,Tedious.
76561198060173650,Not Recommended,466500,23847435,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,papabear060810,This game SUCKSSSS!!!!
,Recommended,466500,25470942,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SugarCookies,hey
,Not Recommended,466500,30280088,Posted: 2 March,all,Donald Trump,"This game is terrible. Maybe Im ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but progressing in the game is annoyingly difficult and you need to read all the files and notes you find because there ""might"" be a code on it for something else. Im not trying to read when I'm playing a game that takes place in russia, I'm trying to kill as many people as possible and beat the game."
,Not Recommended,466500,23427698,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Dread Pirate Roberts,q?
,Recommended,466500,30146002,Posted: 24 February,all,Ruthlism,Completed 02/24/2017.
,Not Recommended,466500,28600781,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,calligrapha,Total crap.
,Not Recommended,466500,32247852,Posted: 7 June,all,theotherdb,"Played for 90 minutes ... got bored ... quit plating.  Haven't been back since.  I deleted it from my Steam library this morning after weeks of not touching it again since the first 90 minutes.  Spoken content is in Russian and has English subtitles.  Sorry, not my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,466500,33035210,Posted: 30 June,all,DigBick,No
,Not Recommended,466500,23440279,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Kuurnash,:(
76561198151012540,Not Recommended,466500,32203593,Posted: 5 June,all,skullhead3010,terrible grapics!thats the only thing wrong with it!plus i cant understand what thier saying!
,Not Recommended,466500,23297126,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,skiF,"Cheaply made Russian garbage.Cons:-Voice acting only in Russian-Horrible translations (google translate would of done a better job)-Sluggish controls and movement, seems like they tried failed to make a realistic walking effect.-No UI, UI is basically you pressing tab it shows a number next to how much food, med kits and batteries you have plus the selection options for camera, knife and F for flashlight.-No immersion-No story line-Slow walking simulatorPros:-Mediocre graphicsWas this game made by a poor Russian 12 year old that had his uncle and dad do the voice acting?"
76561197984317796,Not Recommended,466500,23259735,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Alex,"Clumsy crafted product from past age. Couldn't force myself to play more than 118 minutes. Potential is there, but man it's 2016."
76561198014838996,Not Recommended,466500,23261245,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,bob_nojob,"Couldnt get past the head bob, made me sick.  Cant comment on the game past that."
,Not Recommended,466500,23245965,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mammothology,"That was a painful 36 minutes.Your friend doesn't keep up, the map loads small areas that you can walk around in with cinematics between each section, and npc movement doesn't seem very smooth. I personally refunded the game, and don't think it's worth $13.00. I didn't even want to play after I saw the first ""zombie"" think in the hospital. I got chased by a fat bear that ran into trees constantly, then I had a flashback about a hospital."
76561198030093388,Not Recommended,466500,23246559,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,[IR8] Shael,Ok managed to play for 11 Minutes and within 5 minutes the excessive head bob of the visuals was causing motion sickness and no other game has done that to me.The game is pretty enough and has potential but in my opinion needs a lot of work to make the game more playable and enjoyable.PROS:- Visually Pretty- Lovely background musicCONS:- Default language is Russian - have to go into menu settings to change- Excessive Head Bob- No option to disable Head Bob- No tutorial to use keys  or hints (you will only find the controls in the main menu)- Your companion does not run when you run (as far as I can tell)
,Not Recommended,466500,23291083,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Yung boi,if you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games with no effort put into them and confusing/broken gameplay you'll love this game
76561198062767162,Not Recommended,466500,23281375,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Jenny,"""Motion sickness simulator, 2016"""
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,466500,23246309,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Revixy,"An hour in and you'll get stock at a village where you'll be boxed in with no clear objectives on how to proceed.What a waste, the game seemed promising but this is a game breaker for me and therefore I cannot recommend this title to anyone. Do *NOT* waste your time nor money on this."
,Not Recommended,466500,23246728,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Orbdragon25,I rather do my homework than play this game.This game has no replay value.Extremely linear.You just follow this guy that is slower than the speed of a snail.Wtf is the story again?
76561198041977899,Not Recommended,466500,23265649,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,i aint broke,bad
,Not Recommended,466500,23245985,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Big Bird,My grandmother died quicker than this story progression. Graphics are nice though. #WalkingSimulator2016 #MyFriendsJokeGameplay: 10/10Story: 0/10Spelling & Grammar: A For Effort10/10 would refund again.
,Not Recommended,466500,23280228,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,LikeABoss_FTW,I only played 6 mins of this horrible game. The walking motions of this game made me feel motion sickness. IDK how thats even possilbe. This game doesn't even tell you how to play. Theres just a 2 min cut scene and then you start playing. I was like WTF am I supossed to do? There were no instructions or anything. In my oppinion this is trash and then need to take this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥of steam.
,Recommended,466500,30481550,Posted: 12 March,all,Derp,An ok game. not the best. at the start it is a bit slow and the walking is a bit slow aswell but later on the game becomes a bit more action packed. one thing i had to complain was the end level. without really much knowledge of what you have to do you can spend a long time just going everywhere with no progress.
76561198003340626,Recommended,466500,24402169,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,E30,"honest opinion the game is great, just wish there was a little more confrontation via combat or gun shooting and it neeeeds to be longer. those are my only complaints, but all and all the game is awesome and the storyline is good."
76561198091011036,Recommended,466500,24110174,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Explorer487,"35MM is probably one of those games i bought on impulse in a steam sale, but in all seriousness i thoroughly enjoyed it. This game seems to be one of those you like more and more as the environment reveals itself. Personally i thought it's got a brilliant atmosphere and the story while hard to understand at first, if you actually complete the game it fills in the rest of the puzzle for you.My only criticism is that the translation for subtitles could be tweaked a little, every audible word is in Russian (With no ability to change this) so this does hamper the experience a little as what is said often doesn't match up with the translation properly. But personally this doesn't remove the atmospheric experience at all and on this basis i reccomend it for those who enjoy games with detail/atmosphere/general feeling as opposed to action and a large amount of things to do. Fairly impressive seeing as how it was developed by one person."
76561198037828522,Not Recommended,466500,24046348,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,C. Black,"The idea is great since the post-apocalyptic Russian land do make a sweet STALKER-like atmosphere which is a big pro for people like me who love to explore abandoned places.But the story and even exploration gets dull in many places as many places are copy-paste and lack a certain touch and detail that would make those places stand out and feel individualy modeled.Also it lacks dialogue choices and needs a lot more interactions with the world around to feel like a survival gameinteraction with vehicles would be nice, imagine if this game merged with Spintires, now wow, that would be awesomeA big con is the failing lip sync and wery dull feeling characters and controls and player movement feels kinda clunky and its too short, much much shorter than I expectedGood game for an afternoon, not bad for an indie game, but needs a lot more work to itIf this would be a movie, it would be bad, not enough for the money, sorry"
76561198143372896,Recommended,466500,24470176,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ApplzIsMySfWrd,"This is the very first post apocalyptic themed game I have played and I really enjoyed it but there are a few things that annoyed me about this. First is the fact that there is no keyboard control settings, so basically it's pressing every damn button on the keyboard until you find the right key eg. jump, I think was, spacebar; crouch was control and so on and so forth.It would have helped greatly during one scene, which I wont spoil, to know what the crouch key was. I think I died about 4 or 5 times before I rage quit and searched everywhere to find out what keys controled what and after finding zilch, I turned to my YouTube to watch a couple of videos and finally found a video that showed EXACTLY what keys were what after this person had the very same problems.Overall the game was very enjoyable, graphics were amazing and the storyline was exellent, especially the twist at the end..."
,Recommended,466500,25866130,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,youngsoul96,"a very very great game, great graphics, great story, and this is the first game that i bought from steam and it's worth it."
,Recommended,466500,23554674,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Angel,Be wary of the bucket.
,Not Recommended,466500,27927467,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,enhanced_shogun21,"Scenery is nice and atmosphere is definitely strong, but the gameplay is frustrating and the overall game is very slow and very buggy."
76561198009388464,Recommended,466500,26999962,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Non-Bearded Man =HKC=,"There's just something I like about this style of post-apocalypse, with its emphasis on feelings of loneliness, emptiness, and a harsh sort of beauty.  This game may be a ""walking simulator"", but its a pretty good one."
76561197977231083,Recommended,466500,26372902,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,HAWK,This game has weak start but it gets alot better. I think the dev got a lot better in the development time.It reminds me of Metro 2033 but without the shooting.
76561197973379240,Recommended,466500,26738138,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,dscott,I enjoyed it but took second time through  to finally understand the story line.  Puzzles are quite hard.
,Recommended,466500,28922531,Posted: 1 January,all,supERMAN,"Game has a fine story.Very simple game but thats ok.No jump scares(Good)Best part was Tunnels.Cons:Game was blurry for first half till I realised I needed a health pack and that fixed that.(Should be more obvious or a tip to let you know?) (A tip look at your book ""Tab"" if it's bloody you need to eat or heath pack)Story got boring at times."
,Recommended,466500,28859587,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shjya,"My review is mixed.  I will tell you why so you can make the best decision.The game is beautiful.  The storyline is great, I just didn't ""care"" about the characters.  I didn't feel vested in the progression and the situations.   It just wasn't magic for me.   It's a beautiful game, interesting setting, but it is not fast paced.  If this sounds like something you would like, get it!"
76561197999733932,Recommended,466500,28743037,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,nigel706,"good game full of puzzles , so far got to the dogs in the tunnel a very tuff mission for me"
76561198165888349,Recommended,466500,28758490,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,bassboyyy,"This game was really fun and full of great content. It was a little short in my opinion, no big deal, and some parts were out of the blue and wierd, but the game itself was still amazing. Can be confusing at times, too."
,Recommended,466500,31871919,Posted: 20 May,all,Singroff,"This game is gorgeous, and it captures the atmosphere of Post-Apocalyptic Russia VERY well. The design and structure of the buildings, homes, and metro are all spot on to their real life counterparts. The story is fascinating, and there are many secrets to find along the way. It looks gorgeous, and the dev and his team should be very proud of themselves. If you enjoy walking simulators with a tense and dark atmosphere, along with simple and complex puzzles, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,466500,31596298,Posted: 6 May,all,Oceanic Meatball,"I think one of the best words to describe this game is ""comfy."" Very enjoyable if you don't mind a slow pace.I'm mostly recommending it because I feel like real heart went into this small game, and I hope the devs don't give up and make more like it."
76561198355180597,Recommended,466500,31516715,Posted: 2 May,all,generic horse,its good grafics but  i dont like the story it my opinion
76561198082624057,Recommended,466500,33268694,Posted: 5 July,all,Pećinar,"Game was great up untill the single most horrible puzzle I have ever encountered in the history of video gaming. It was so unintuitive and impossible for me to spot that I just gave up after like 3 hours. After I ve checked for solution on Youtube I was sure I would have never ever found it in my life in order to progress further no matter how hard I would be looking for a certain piece of info. If you dont mind consulting walkthroughs etc go for it, but for me it is total immersion killer and game braker. Second thing ... I really hated the first part of the game where i felt like my friends errand boy. He is just sitting by the fire and he is like OH WE NEED SOME WATER....keeps sitting... at least walk with me you ungrateful c*nt! We found a railway maintenance car without any fuel and he is like HM WE NEED SOME FUEL. Doing nothing but waiting for me to go and do everything.Ugh.... WORST PUZZLE EVER. Made me almost vomit when I have seen the solution to get it. BUT. Huge but >D... It has been developed by one guy with NO budget and this game is shoulder to shoulder when it comes to atmosphere with titans such as Half Life, Metro and STALKER. Yes. It is That good. Brilliant."
76561197985159091,Recommended,466500,29340116,Posted: 18 January,all,Bambi,"Same as Google earth !  Correctly priced . Great graphic , it is working fine !  But this is not a games  . It is like all people say a walking simulator .  Not my cup of tea .. but i will not put not recommended ,,  since i can  understand that if you are the type of day deammer dude you will probably love this ( walking simulator ) . This type of art is perfect for youtube letsplay , but all alone for me it is too empty make me sad !"
,Recommended,466500,29614202,Posted: 31 January,all,Etelidan,35MM has an interesting story and good atmosphere.The soviet style and the russian language plays big role in the game so you know at you are somewhere in the Eastern Europe and you try to survive the pandemonium which has broken out.Everything is fallen in sadness..!
76561198085287212,Recommended,466500,28315863,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DELTA FORCE,"Overall this game is good, the graphics are very nice, the gameplay while slow dose have action parts which change the pace up nicely. The only real downside is the game is short and the times where there is combat its not great (Humans surving more than one or 2 headshots and no aim downsights) The story of whats happening is mostly found by exploring and and some dream squences that for once in gaming history arent annoying.  Overall decent game worth the price if you are into walking sims"
,Recommended,466500,32910486,Posted: 27 June,all,Blade,"It was OK.  The goal was kind of hazy, so I didnt really know what to do at certain points.  Worth the sale price I suppose."
76561198149207313,Recommended,466500,33023233,Posted: 29 June,all,MYTnixon,Great game! I'm just having a bit of trouble getting the elevator open in the Bor section. Can anyone help me?
76561198132290680,Recommended,466500,32838994,Posted: 26 June,all,[FT4L]Scopes,Needs more action and less trip wires.
76561198259354004,Recommended,466500,35247484,Posted: 27 September,all,I'M A SEEAAAL,"Okay so the game starts off slow... and maybe it kinda continues slowly... and yeah it's a very slow paced game. The graphics aren't amaaaazing, and the sounds can sometimes be kinda iffy but they create an amazing athmosphere (I managed to scare myself into thinking I was in danger in the first 20 mins). I love the camera feature, the ability to take photos of the surroundings. But many say the story is boring. I'm inclined to agree slightly (kinda short) but the ending is heartbreakingly mind♥♥♥♥ing in my opinion. I never saw it coming, at all. I personally loved the game despite it being short and well, indie."
,Recommended,466500,35232849,Posted: 26 September,all,Honky Kong,"35mm is not without it's faults. The story begins painfully slowly, the animations are stiff, and the English subtitles were poorly translated, leaving to some confusing dialogue.But don't let these things deter you, 35mm has an amazing atmosphere, with intricately detailed levels that immerse you as you explore a post-apocalyptic world. From the dreary countryside, to the claustrophobic metro tunnels, to the cathartic ending. If you are patient, this game delivers.Props to the developers, good game."
