user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,466560,32119894,Posted: 1 June,all,Chixdiggit,100% reccomend this. I have had way more fun with this then Civ 6 and this is still in Early Access. Part of the charm to this game is it is very easy to understand and a bit simple. But not simple to master. I have played 40+ hours of single player and learn something new or come up with a different strategy every time.Also the Devs are great! They listen to feedback and have made plenty of improvements. This game is in Early Access but is defenitly worth the price as it sits now.
,Recommended,466560,32186529,Posted: 4 June,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Wow, I wished I had picked upNorthgardsooner.This is very much a modernized version ofAge of Empireswith some boardgame-like elements. Normally, I hate elements that are boardgame-like, but it worksreallywell here. Also, I gotta say that you wouldn't even know this was Early Access with how polished and full of content it is (I did have one crash, though). I booted it up and four hours flew by. Took me about an hour to get my head around the mechanics.Essentially, this is a RTS game with a variety of victory conditions.Everything is fully customizable. I only played single player and that mode is great; I'm excited to try multiplayer. Because it has multiplayer, there is no manipulation of time or pausing. Some refer to this title as a 'city builder', but I don't see really any aspects of city building - it's a RTS likeAge of Empires.What really makesNorthgardstand out from the pack is how the map is built from large tiles.The tiles create a whole new dimension to how you go about playing the game. Here are some interesting things:You can only build on your tiles, and each tile has a colonization cost (usually food).Not all tiles are created equal; many have powerful resources and/or buffs associated with them.There is a special victory condition associated with a tile on each map; there are variations of this tile that are quite unique. For example, one I had to colonize was covered in magma. Once I got there, I needed to build a forge and then craft a special sword. Once I crafted it, I won. It was neat.Everything felt great, overall.I'll definitely be dumping time into this one. I like the achievements, too.Pros:+Very polished and full of content already+While staying true to the RTS genre, it definitely brings tons of fresh new ideas and mechanics to the table; the tiles are an outstanding addition+UI is super clean and easy to understand+Music and artwork are great+The currently available factions all have cool attributes and lend themselves well to varying strategyCons:-Honestly, I haven't found anything to really nit-pick about yetIf you likedAge of Empires, ya gotta give this a go.It's worth it even at full price."
,Recommended,466560,31641536,Posted: 9 May,all,Zombie,"A good balance between town micro management and battles with a survival aspect.It is an Early Acess game with Single player and Multiplayer content so far. There is 4 factions to play so far, with different abilities.For example Wolf clan as better soldiers.Good things:- Decent graphics- A good balance between Micro management battles and survival.-  10 - 20 hours of content so far. ( 30- 50 hours since the newest update )- Really Invested and trustworthy devs.Need Improvement:- Some factions are less balanced- Maybe have more difference with the faction appearance like soldiers with wolf pelts for the Wolf clan for exemple.Newest Update:They added great new military units, Shield and axe throwers. It adds a to the game and combat system !Great new Multi player, 2 vs 2 vs 2 / 3 vs 3 / 6 Free For all, mods."
76561198005404224,Recommended,466560,30107766,Posted: 22 February,all,Phalnax811,"This is a fun and good game at the moment. I'm not one for obsessive competitive multiplayer but I do love some coop Comp Stomps.  This game might not have the longevity that some MMO's/RPG's or classic RTS' enjoy but hopefully I'm proven wrong.Some pros and cons/suggestionsPros:+Vikings!+Norse Mythology+Graphics+Seasons+Random Events (though not too many so far)+Territory Conquest+Tech Tree+Fun+Strategy is required!+Can upgrade workers' tools to improve them+Can recruit a Giant hero after giving them a Valhalla's worth of food.+Combat can be somewhat micro'd (though selection of a specific unit is difficult)+Great performance (only a half second hiccup when the season switches back to Spring from winter)Cons/Suggestions:-Map Customization options are too limited - need geography sliders, separate islands, climate-Defensive fortifications are too limited - need a fort and palisades. I get why Towers can't attack into enemy territory but they should have an attack radius into friendly territories.-Only Vikings - Would love to see Saxons, Picts, Frisians, Irish, Germanic Tribes, Russians (yes, very ambitious, sorry)~Would like to see some Persistent Element to the game - ideally in the form of a customizable warchief that carries with you between games.-Longboats need another use - transport and landing on enemy coasts (even if unexplored).-I can't say I'm too fond of the scouting mechanic.~I would love the option to be able to slow down the seasons so each month lasts a little longer.-Unhappiness is too great early game and unnecessarily slows down progression.Features Added due to Community Request:<>Victory Condition Options! (3/2/17)<>Unit variety removed from cons! Yay! SHIELD WALL!<>Multiplayer added (5/21/17)<>Females have arrived from the homeland.I look forward to subtracting from this list as time goes on.10/10 would recommend at this point."
76561198005774547,Recommended,466560,31929926,Posted: 23 May,all,CookeRS,"F A N T A S T I COne of the Best Early Access games I've played this year - Scratch that, one oftheBestGames I've played this year!I'll start by saying I love 'City Builder' games, and games like 'Age of Empires' and 'Command and Conquer' series - so if you like those games too, you aught to give this one a try!It's got a few unique aspects that seperate it from any other game of this 'genre' I've played, making it a refreshing game to play. My partner even enjoys playing it too!My LikesMy DislikesThe fantastic art styleSome of the 'Clan' specialties seem to be much better than other clans.The expanding/conquering aspect of the gameplayNot being able to create proper alligiences with the other clansThe multiple Victory OptionsThe weather/environment 'events' get a bit repetitiveThe way exploration/scouting worksSome little errors/bugs at the moment (early access)Considering it's only been out a few months, I rate this game very highly - Can't wait for the additional features heading our way!P.S - I would like to see more steam achivements for this game ;)"
76561198009391176,Recommended,466560,32141321,Posted: 2 June,all,Dusty Vandersocks,"Northgard is a delightful little mix of settlement building and RTS elements. It's nice to be pleasantly surprised by an Early Access game like this. Thumbs up!Positives:- very satisfying difficulty curve (easy to pick up, challenging in the mid to late game)- several viable playstyles- balanced well to avoid frustrating, dead-end situations- clear and effective UI- fun and simple visual styleNegatives (keep in mind this is Early Access, so these may not apply in the future):- crashed (""Out of Memory"") a couple times in about 8 hours of playing- villagers can't be assigned to build or repair if they already have a job- sailors can't be assigned to a dock if the ship isn't currently stopped- builders don't automatically start working a building when it is finished- when a building is damaged, the workers just stop working instead of repairing it- scouts take regular damage but can't be healed without changing their job- soldiers don't stand out from the landscape are easy to lose track of"
,Recommended,466560,33008907,Posted: 29 June,all,The Undying,"After initial doubts about my purchase this little game turned out to be surprisingly fun!It perfectly walks the thin line between being challenging without being overwhelming. Whenever you expand your territory, the pressing question of what to build first, where to build it, how many villagers to assign, etcetc. will make you appreciate all the little bits and details the developers put into this game.You can lean back and admire your work, watching your little vikings walk around doing their daily business - but as soon as your village is large enough, you will be constantly building, micro-managing, perfecting workflow, ... there is always something to do!Personally, I'm looking forward to playing the (planned) campaign for this game - but still, even in its current state, this is a gorgeous looking, lovingly made RTS game with a special emphasis on construction and carefully managing your resources as the winter lures behind the mountains.P.S.: Also mad props to the devs for actually listening to feedback and actively engaging with the community!"
76561198028547477,Not Recommended,466560,30248137,Posted: 28 February,all,Bankipriel,"I had a lot of fun playing this game, but I just expect more from a strategy game. Northgard is beautiful, with great base mechanics, but it is shallow---terribly, tragically shallow.Many of the game's best features are rendered pointless due to the rapid snowballing of the mid to late game. When Northgard reaches the point of expansion and development where most strategy games start to really stretch their wings, it is over. This makes the map seem too large, as most of is never used, exploring the whole continent is pointless outside of a domination victory, and the potential for real strategic gameplay based on geography is lost---which is really unfortunate, because the map is gorgeous, and the exploration mechanic is great.A deeper, better imagined sense of building and kingdom development in conjunction with the gorgeous and well diversified map could have made this a real strategic gem, instead of a dud. If a real layer of long term strategy emerges during EA or before final release, I will happily edit this review.The other great disappointment of this game is the abrupt and simplisitc victory conditions, which are painfully easy and reached in a few hours of gameplay. This would not be quite as bad if the game had any real strategic depth, but alas, it does not. Some people may take exception to my criticism, because there are tough choices to be made. And those choices matter a great deal, but I would contend that they are more akin to tactical choices rather than stategic choices that require planning and allow for early moves to yield long term fruit. The game is simply too short for any real strategy.There are many necessities to be met in this game, and aside from military strength, they all come in the form of resources. I found myslef making choices to meet my most pressing need, and then the next, and then the next, and then the game is over. Any plans I had about how to focus and compete against the other clans was irrelevant. From a single late game save, I was able to achieve every victory condition except domination within 4-5 minutes of the save point. I was not aiming for any of the victories, but simply doing my best to build the strongest clan I could.And that seems like shallow game design to me, or poorly designed victory conditions at the very least. In a well designed strategy game, reaching different victory types should require at least a little bit of variation in what strategy is employed. In that regard, then, Northgard is not a strategy game, but a very complex tactical game where what victory condition you want is more of an RP choice than anything else.By all of the positive reviews here on Steam, it seems that many people enjoy very short games that begin and end in a few hours. I do not. With only a single improvement level to each building and such rapid gameplay, a new game feels exactly like the game I just finished.So replay value seems extremely low. With short games, and almost no replay value, this is a game I would refund if I could---despite the fact that I had a great time playing those first 12 hours.If multiplayer is your thing. Then you should perhaps ignore this review, as I do not enjoy multiplayer strategy games, and was/am not intending to ever even try the multiplayer aspect of this game. I could see Northgard providing hours of great fun for gamers interested in multiplayer, and there are reviews here by folks who like that sort of thing and speak to the game in that capacity in a way that I cannot.Perhaps with the addition of the campaign, or some desperately needed adjustements to pacing, victory conditions, and mid/late game tech & building costs, I might recommend this game.After 11 hours, I feel as though I've seen everything this game has to offer. I will try the campaign when it is released, but otherwise, I don't see myself playing this game again. There are too many other games that offer real strategic challenges and gameplay. For these reasons, as a consumer of primarily single-player strategy-games, I cannot recommend Northgard.If you've got twenty dollars burning a hole in your wallet, or if Northgard is on sale, this game does provide a really fun, good looking 10-20 hours of gameplay. I just can't recommend it, when there are great RTS games that provide hundreds if not thouands of hours of gameplay, and much greater challenges to boot."
,Recommended,466560,32292661,Posted: 9 June,all,Svirt,"First impresionI would say this is a new generation of Settlers type of strategy. Long I've been looking for some succesor of my favourite RTS Settlers IV, and here it is and I love it! Can't wait for it's full release!(Full review after release)"
76561198171388381,Recommended,466560,30417997,Posted: 9 March,all,spielerinchen,"i have to sayso far Northgard is one of the best games i've played in a long time & it's not even fully releasedit's not perfect but still lots of fun with high replayability value ːsteamhappyːNorthard's basic genre is RTS with settlement buildingit combines additional features from other genres, turn based strategy, tower defense, survivalcurrently it contains ""only"" the skirmish modebut since i play usually rather skirmish so for me the most important part is already includedfeatures :3 clans, a 4th is announced : Wolf, Goat, Stag & Raven3 difficulty levels *(see below under negative points)different win scenarios : Fame, Wisdom, Trade, Domination, Map Special (those options were included via update)wonders : Wyvern, Yggdrasil, Gate of Helheim, Relic of the Gods, Magma Field to forge the Sword of Odina neutral trading partner, Jotun giantsmaps are generated randomly3 different area enemies : Wolfs, Draugr, Valkyriesseasons with harsh winters & elevated wood & food consumptionhunger & freezing causes illnes, Healers heal the populace3 different difficulty events : Rats (causing food scarcity), Earthquakes (causing buildings damage) & Blizzards (causing extremely elevated wood & food consumption)the entire map is disected in smaller areas, every area contains certain features (monster, AI enemy, ressources), often several combinedAI enemies & monster are agressively crossing borders forcing the player to interact & actively or at least passively defend the area with a towerone has to build a functioning settlement io to get the military going4 food ressources : gathering, hunting, fishing, sheeps (only Goat clan)building & upgrading ressources : wood, stone, ironall ressources can be acquired via tradeevery area has a limited number of buildings which varies, the Goat clan has several Lore achievements to unlock allowing it to build additional buildings per areaannounced is multiplayer & a campaignthe game gets updated often & the devs ask for suggestions from the playersnegative points :the game has difficulties with Intel graphics chips, causing black screen, not starting, visual distortions, the devs are working to improve the playability there, there were several updates already addressing those issuesbalancing of the clans is somewhat off, Goat clan overpowered, Wolf clan underpowered* as far i've played it, the 3 difficulty levels consist mainly of the different scarcity of ressources at the start, the maps generate purely randomly not considering the difficulty level & therefore easy mode is too hard & hard mode is too easyfew random crashesbut since the game saves regularly, it's not big of a dramaconclusion :a fine RTS with some new twists to the genrethis review is not complete, it does not mention every feature included, there are some more & there will be probably added more with updates like eg female vikings announced after some players asked for that featurereview written after 100 hours playedall 16 achievements unlocked"
76561198032623014,Not Recommended,466560,31489157,Posted: 1 May,all,sonofanu,"This is not necessarily a bad game, but it's not for me. It's hard for me to give it a thumbs down, because it does have some nice mechanics and is pretty well-polished.However, while I knew it was an RTS, there are different types of RTS games. I was (for some reason - my own fault for not researching) under the impression that this would be a bit more slow-paced. It's certainly possible to have an easygoing RTS (Banished, etc.). However, this feels more like I am playing Starcraft with Vikings, in terms of the pacing.If I want to stop and just watch the very nice animations and take in the ambience for 15 seconds? Well that is wasted time where I am falling behind. If you are looking for a fast paced skirmish-y experience where games can take from 30-60 minutes, this is for you. If, like me, you were hoping for something a bit more laid back, I would hold off."
76561197978301777,Recommended,466560,32395863,Posted: 13 June,all,FistFullOBeer,"Wow, it is so refreshing to see such a complete game in Early Access.  There are still some performance issues in MP but the base game is really well designed and plays great.  Although I'm not an RTS guy, I prefer 4x strategy games, but this game reminds me of the days I discovered Warcraft and Red Alert.  It's fun to play, the AI seems pretty decent and reacts to your strategic moves, the music is great and you can finish a game in an hour or two depending on map size.  Can't wait to see what else they add.The only thing to add is that the city-builder part is very much in the back seat.  So if you are looking for a game like Life Is Feudal or Banished, this isn't like those.  This is not an open-ended game, it's more RTS, like Warcraft, with a bit of city building.  And the point of the city building is to achieve one of 5 different victory conditions.  So if you play it like a sim, prepare to lose. :)"
,Recommended,466560,30110909,Posted: 22 February,all,Jâsön Gewaldos,Really good & fun game!Pros:+ has an old RTS fel+ well optimized (For Me)+ Fun+ VikingsCons:- I would love to see more type of troops (Archers etc)- AI is kinda predictable wich makes it easy to encounter- Lack of defence options. (I would love to make a huge wall around my territory)Pretty dope game already!8/10
76561198007507066,Not Recommended,466560,33335732,Posted: 7 July,all,Tactical Nuclear Cow,"The game reminds me of a cross between Farmville and Age of Empires. The game is enjoyable in a casual strategic game game between friends. However, at this time I think it simply lacks the depth and/or variety of random events to make it something great. I would say that if you and some friends dont want to invest the time or patience to learn a new game, or have players leave halfway though (like what happens in Civilization all the time for instance) and play a quick game then this is a great choice. I do not think the game has much replayability outside of this limited context.Fundamentally, all factions that can be played have identical units and buildings. There are 4 different factions which tend to predispose them to some set of winning conditions like domination, trade victory, etc. There are also 4 resources, food, lore, wood, and gold. Its up to the player to manage these resources. Most victory conditions essentially require you to collect enough of a given resource or you can achieve a military victory.The main problem with the game is doing any of these things is too straightforward and simple. Despite that one can farm sheep, fish, gather wheat, or hunt all these options for food basically generate equal amounts of food. There is no real benefit in specializing in anything. In fact its essentially impossible to specialize in any industry. The tech tree does confer certain advantages but is currently far too limited. There are maybe 4 unique techs to each faction over time which tend to push for a certain playstyle but this however, in my opinion, the way the game is currently structured the techs actually tend to limit the decisions a player has over his colony over time because each faction promotes a certain playstyle.Furthermore, the game is a survival game in the sense that a player must make it through reoccuring winters during which time production drops. I think this mechanic, in theory, holds a lot of promise but so far its far too simplistic. Nothing special happens during the winter besides that you dont grow much food and your people burn more wood. In essense, the game simply pushes players to have some minerals in the stockpile. If you starve your population growth will slow and some people might even die but this will only increase your happyness once summer starts at which point your village will simply respawn your villagers. Its certainly not efficient, but the consequences are kind of boring.Combat is also simple. You are essentially smashing units together. There is a melee warrior, an anti tower warrior, and a ranged warrior, plus a chief. Who controls most military units will basically always win. Its possible to do some skirmishing using healers. Once you win a battle you can keep occupying a players space and fairly quickly finish them off if you are remotely aggressive. Towers pose little resistance outside of early game. There is no penalty for being aggressive. Its also impossible to play defensively both due to a lack of defensive buildings besides towers and because one can only build a certain amount of resources per tile which always encourages expansionism. However, scarcity of resources in teh game also means that its fairly rare that any player will field a huge army.The game clearly needs something to infuse more choice. Tiles in the game which produce more food or a certain resource you will immediately need are most valuable, but after that most strategic choices end.  Im tempted to say that if you know how to play your clan most efficiently you would basically be playing the role of an AI just rushing your objective. However, I havent yet played the game long enough to make a statement that bold. I think the game might improve over time in a variety of ways.I would like to see:1. Add random events which create more alternate opportunities for winning besides resource accumulation.2. Expand the tech tree such that players have very different choices and can specialize in particular military strength, industries like farming, or economically. Ideally, have a situation where its very hard for any faction to get more than half of all technologies in a given game.3. Allow for players to play very aggressively, very defensively, or somewhat in between. Allow for very strong defensive buildings or even walls. Allow for more buildings in a smaller space if a player chooses to go that route. This might also require allowing for larger army size to overcome those defensive advantages.4, Have research affect how units or buildings look as well as what they can do.5. Make winters more interesting. Allow for certain special events to be uncovered only during winter time. Maybe some technologies can make particular factions very adapt at fighting in winter. Honestly, basically anything besides just a production drop would be better.6. I think the worker system doesnt work at this time. If you lose lots of workers, they respawn much faster afterwards. I think there maybe needs to be a cost to actually making a worker and the happyness rate affects how often you can recruit. This would encourage worker preservation and also promote the survival type theme of the game.7. Seems too easy to win militarily. Especially if playing only one other player. This goes back to point 3 but I think the game should involve more than simply pushing w military when your economy can support it.8. More role playing elements involving exploration or questioning on the map.Basically, I think the game needs more depth but I think its currently an enjoyable enough casual game."
76561197968615426,Recommended,466560,30117558,Posted: 23 February,all,Grey,"Northgard is one of those games that you like immediately in the menu. When the game loads up, it feels crisp, clean, intuitive, and runs like a gem. Some people have mentioned stability issues, but I guess I was just lucky because it ran smooth throughout for me; just a second or so freeze when Winter starts and goes.People seem to like reviews that are pros and cons/suggestions related, so here we go.Pros:- Butter smooth, awesome visuals.- Combines Survival with RTS, you really need to keep an eye on your resources, a bad winter really messes with your tribe- love that!- Not purely warfare based; you pick your clan, each with their own playstyle, and though you can have warriors and chieftains in every clan, you can win by playing it your way, bringing us to the next one:- Multiple victory conditions, from establishing trade routes to warfare, or conquering Yggdrasil, there are multiple ways to stay in the game, I honestly can not WAIT for MultiplayerCons / Suggestions - baring in mind it's Early Access- Fairly limited at this point; 2 hours into play, 1 hour to learn and 1 hour to play a full game from start to finish with medium AI (3 of them) and I won my first try as Trader, and I really, really didn't do it very well. Looking back I made all sorts of horrible decisions.- Map size;in my opiniondiscovering other factions happens way too fast, and once you do, you're basically out of room for improvement. This may be by design, to force interaction between players earlier on, but in AI mode it feels a bit stuffy- this may be the way the devs have playtested it and it maybe feels right in multiplayer to force interaction with each other- Early Access. Typical of early access titles, this one just over all feels like it needs ""more"" - but that's precisely the point for releasing it now, it gets rid of bugs and optimizes performance, as well as getting some much desired feedback for the devs.Overall:This game is the first Early Access title that I personally find extremely promising; the reason for that is simple: this is the first Early Access game that I will continue playing, since it isalreadya proper functioning, well fleshed out game, that simply needs a bit 'more', to keep us hooked. This is a solid gaming investment.Keep up the good work devs!"
,Not Recommended,466560,30838418,Posted: 30 March,all,TekDragon,"Early Access Review - Will UpdateI'm not going to go into as much detail as I do some other reviews because I have a feeling most of these issues will be addressed. Instead I'm just going to list the problems that keep this from being a recommended game in its current state for its current price ($20 at time of purchase).1. Even with random territory placement, gameplay on the Normal difficulty is not particularly challenging or interesting once the game's base mechanics ""click"".2. Conversely, gameplay on the Hard difficulty is not particularly fun because of an absurd food upkeep system that locks the player into a single strategy. That strategy is utterly dependent on the map (see issue #5) and you will need to restart if you don't get 2 food sources within 2-3 ""buys"" of your base. The AI is not held to the same rules as the player and can expand aggressively and infinitely without any food constraints. It's just not fun, even when you win.3. Military is done poorly. Unit selection and targeting are clunky and frustrating. Military itself is divided into just 2 units, warriors and war chiefs, who function exactly the same just with moderately bigger numbers on the latter.  Forget tactics. Just mass em up, send em in, and try (usually unsuccessfully) to click on the one being targeted to move him out of the scrum before he dies. There's a few special units but they're tied to the map and function exactly the same as warriors and warchiefs and the one I saw (the giants), the game was already decided way before they came out onto the field.4. The tech tree has too much ""meh"" and not enough meaningful differentiation. It needs to be expanded and make a real difference. A player who commits to one tree should have a completely different strategy than someone who commits to one of the others. Different buildings, different units, different playstyle. Instead, everyone plays the exact same with only minor percentage adjustments based on which tech they choose.5. The map generation algorithm is garbage. No one should ever start a game with no food resources within 3 locations to their home base, yet it happens.Fix these items and I will change this from a ""No"" to a ""Absolutely Yes"" recommendation."
76561197989001030,Recommended,466560,32222682,Posted: 6 June,all,JRapid,Downloaded at midnight - read it was similar to AoE - so I gave it a shot.Fast forward 4 hours:  First time a game has kept me up past 2 am in a long time.Thumbs up with so much room for growth!
76561198204531500,Recommended,466560,32901505,Posted: 27 June,all,Very White Kid,"Its like Age of Empires and Civ had the perfect viking love child, really enjoy this and hopeful for future!"
,Recommended,466560,32107283,Posted: 1 June,all,-8Bits R 'Nuff-,This game is going to be awesome. It is a sweet blend of AoE and Banished. You definitely gotta check it out.
,Recommended,466560,30165007,Posted: 25 February,all,~ Molly ~,"I don't usually bought early access games, if I do, I hardly review and recommend it, but this game is really nice and fun. It was already good in early access that I feel like it need to be recommend.I really like and enjoy this game so far, not so many bug that I found, the replayability of this game are many, you could try to win in the different requirement and techniques, while there are many factions (and more to come) that had advantage and disadvantage in their particular way.Everything else that will add soon in the process already show us there in the game and the develope team already told us the plan and future of it. The develope team also friendly, dedicate, listening to feedback from the community, and on to work quickly.It is a game to build your cute little nordic town on the strange island that fill with wolf, bear, and creature from the nordic world, while you need to manage the section that you colonized, manage resource, income, people, happiness, survive many kind of disasters, and race against the other clans, which it is not that hard to play (depend on the difficult). Also the graphic is really cute and beautiful, while the soundtrack are lovely and relax, nicely done for early access game.Recommend to check it out, it fun and already worth the money :)."
76561198053752003,Recommended,466560,30183707,Posted: 25 February,all,ViluDaskaar,"I love this game. I love the feeling you get when you start with a hut in the wilderness, and build it up to a sustainbale productive village.Cons:-As far as the game is concerned, I dealt with a big of crashing, but it wasn't major, and I didn't mind given that it was still in early access.-I think the combat would benefit from more unit variety-Looking forward to when we will be able to customize the maps more-Looking forward to multiplayer-I wish that if you had a selected villager and clicked to build a structure, that worker would go to build itThe Pros:-I love the little pieces of depth in this game,-The many viable and interesting win conditions, which really allow for dynamic play depending on what is available.-The map specific win conditions which are great-Being able to ally with giants and kill a dragon is sweet-The graphics are great for a game like this-The seasons have a huge impact on gameplay, and it is interesting to have to plan around them-The random events have a strong impact on the game, but they give you enough time to prepare for them to make them not be annoyingI would strongly suggest it, even in its current state. The 6 hours I have put into this have been a blast, and I will likely be putting in a lot more at the game develops"
,Recommended,466560,33788296,Posted: 25 July,all,Oliver 'Ava' Meyer,"So, Northgard?Northgard is a board game. A board game in video game format. And I don't mean the format of Civ which disguises itself as a board game but is far beyond recognizable as a board game; but a proper board game, realized as a video game. And it's wonderful.It's good to sit around to play with some mates. A game can take about 1-3 hours. It's still fresh, has had some problems. But the devs are active, and are constantly bugfixing, tweaking, and adding. It's great support.It's cheap too. It's the sort of game where you can get a lot of fun out of not too much money. You can complete a game in a sitting, there's a few different ways to win, and it's divided into sectors with resources in each. So, a small fun board game.And when I say board game, I don't mean Monopoly, obviously. I mean Settlers of Cataan or something of the kind.You can enjoy it even without having played any of those types of games, its video game format makes it much more accessible.So, I rate it positively. Buy it, play it with your mates. Or solo even."
,Recommended,466560,31637362,Posted: 8 May,all,13COINS_322,"BETA review, In short: cool little game, definitely worth the money  - 8.5/10In more detail: its like Settlers of Catan with warfare elements and and a city management game combined.Manage resources, anticipate on events, manage risk, little micro, a lot of macro, several branching progression paths. Simple by design.Current con's: controls (hotkeys) feel a bit underdeveloped, Microing units is not very clear. UI can be a bit in your face.All in all forgivable issues that can easily be resolved. Lots of potential for the future, still a lot of room for growth.Feedback (more like feature request ^_^: Would love to see a potential for diplomacy down the line! Perhaps more in-depth trading, espionage, sabotage and all those neat, fun and mean little social interactions"
,Recommended,466560,30105083,Posted: 22 February,all,Jessylox,"Warcraft meets Settlers, very cool, support the devs!"
76561198058157494,Recommended,466560,33779728,Posted: 24 July,all,Iskander,"-The clans are well balanced-The AI is respectable, it's hard to beat the hardest difficulity until you understand the game-Multiplayer is fun-Updates are regular with solid progess made-Unique game elementsIt's a great game that has a different feel to it than anything else in my library, visually and strategically. I haven't bought early access for 2 years until this game, and I'm glad I grabbed it. It's worth the price."
,Recommended,466560,30214673,Posted: 26 February,all,IAmBroshi,"This game is good and has a lot of potential to be great.I'll update more as I play more.Pros:-Good Flowing gameplay.-Multiple routes to victory.  I.E.  You can focus on trade/economics instead of military might.  I wish more RTS games did this.-Beautiful to look at.-Can take a serious or laid back approach to playing, it's up to you.Cons:-Randomly lose control of a territory even if you're not under attack.-The happiness of the population can grind to a halt with no explanation.I'm not sure if I should count this as a con mainly because most city/town building RTS games suffer from this, but:-Building management becomes hell the more you expand your territory.EDIT:  I thought you had to manually repair damaged buildings and listed that as a con.  I was informed that there is a repair all button on the right side that I did not notice."
,Recommended,466560,31647574,Posted: 9 May,all,tommyhellatrigger,Honestly this is the game I think all the old Age of Empires players will love its pretty simple yet so advanced and fun. Give this 10/10 because this is something new but still the same and I love Strategies ;]
,Not Recommended,466560,30378493,Posted: 7 March,all,Kastle,"This game has a lot of potential, but I can't recommend purchasing this game at this phase in its development. The biggest problem right now is that most matches are determined by the randomly generated maps. You can tell if you are going to win or not in the first five minutes. If you start sandwiched between two enemies on one side of the island, each two tiles away, they will destroy you. Even if you survive, the fourth enemy is busy on the other side of the island getting that wisdom or trade win. Sometimes, there are no production tiles near you. Sometimes you are surrounded by two or three mob spawners. Sometimes, you have everything you need right away, making even “hard” an easy, boring win. The luck involved in random map generation negates any kind of nuance in strategy there might be in playing the different clans."
76561198161069988,Recommended,466560,30504060,Posted: 14 March,all,ChiefSach,"Short Version:For a VERY new, early access game, Northgard is very well polished and very free of bugs. While the gameplay is very repetitive, that's the nature of an RTS. The only issues I have with the game in its current state is that the different Clans you can play as are too aesthetically similar, and they both have just one single offensive troop type, warriors. The last RTS I really took seriously was Warcraft III, so I'm subconsciously comparing everything in Northgard to certain things from Warcraft (in the long version). Additionally, while the game does designate an icon to reflect 'Diplomatic Relations' with other clans, I haven't found that to cause any clan to not attack me - which needs to be fixed imo. Lastly, I find that the Stag clan is tremendously underpowered, while they function well at the start, they suffer HORRIBLY from early aggression.Is the game worth a buy?- Honestly, yes. While I do think the $21.99 CAD is steep at this moment, considering how well this first release is, I wouldn't doubt that this game will be worth it in the very near future, since the developers have already shown previews of an upcoming update (adds a fourth playable clan into the game).LONG VERSION:(Actually worth reading, I think I covered quite a bit.)GAMEPLAYReptitionLike your typical RTS, many things in Northgard repeats itself over and over. That's to be expected, but unlike the classic RTS (using Warcraft 3 as a reference), Northgard looks the same each time. While I believe this is a straight-forward fix, I think it is one that will take time. There are three clans, and they each have one thing that is different, 2 of them get a unique building and the other gets an additional hero to fight with. Otherwise, each clan has the same buildings, same troops and same victory conditions, each with just different colours. ALTHOUGH there is a talent-tree type thing (called Lore) that does vary a satisfying amount between Clans.This issue wouldn't really matter if, at release, there were over a dozen clans, since all the devs have to do for each clan is change colours and change talent tree (which is just game balancing and programming, very little tedious art creations, not to say that programming is easy by any means). If each time you played a battle you'd face a selection of a dozen or more clans, I wouldn't really care that they looked the same at a glance, because the game would have such a different challenge each round.Actual GameplayTo my surprise, the gameplay was actually quiet smooth and satisfying, although I thought the brute force method of winning seemed too linear. There is only one troop type (warrior) and one hero (Chieftan), with the Wolf Clan getting a Berserker, and an opportuntiy to befriend an NPC clan called Jotunn, that grant you a VERY powerful hero at the cost of lots of food and lots of time (passive time nonetheless). There is also just one defensive structure, a simple tower that shoots arrows, and you can only have one per map tile (which seems fair), although the Sheep clan is capable of building defensive towers that do not consume building slots.Gameplay BugsLiterally haven't found one. I have, however, found some things that could be polished out but I wouldn't call them bugs.ART STYLEThis is one thing that Northgard has down perfectly, the game is very beautiful, even during the arduous Blizzard map event (the weather pattern, not the company). The music is also appropriate and nothing really seems untoward in this category.REPLAYABILITY & VALUE FOR YOUR MONEYThis is definitely the most concerning area for RTS fans, the ability to play the game over and over without getting bored of it, that's what this genre was built for, but that is not quite where Northgard is yet, but if this is the do all or end all, keep reading, that's not all.I use a simple formula to determine if my money was worth spending on a game: 1 Hour of directed gameplay (This can be a campaign, or if the game doesn't need a campaign, then this would be progressional gaming time - before you knew everything there was to know .) per $1 spent.For examle:GTA V is VERY VERY well worth the money, $70 CAD and you get a campaign that's at least 50 hours, MANY MANY hours of enjoyable side missions, and hundreds of hours of actual, engaging and unique open world gameplay. All of this without even touching multiplayerOn the other hand, No Man's Sky's $70 price point, is, well... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Northgard (keeping in mind that it's an early access game) is currently worth about 75% of what you pay for it, I've played about 10 hours as I am writing this, am starting to feel the reptition, but I still will play more after I'm done this review.BUT. Northgard still has no campaign and no multiplayer (yet. Both listed as ""Coming Soon...""). So, when you consider that this game manged to deliver at least 10 hours of gameplay from just Single Battles, and it's been released as early access for less than a month, that's pretty freaking great. This means that the campaign really only has to be 8-9 hours long (not factoring potential multiplayer time) for Northgard to be worth $21.99 CAD by my personal formula. From the impression the developers give, I think this game will be worth a buy, without a doubt, VERY soon.The review ends here, the rest of things are directed to the devs, in case they see thisThings The Game Can to ImproveA better diplomacy system that allows the player to full on alliance with another clan (be able to move in their space without penalty and maybe be able to free trade (exchange of goods rather than buy/sell).  But still be able to attack and break the alliance. Also, the player should be able to be a neutral clan - allied with all other clans on Northgard - allowing a victory by domination to no longer be the easiest option.Troop diversity. I get that regardless of the clan, thay are all Vikings, but maybe a slight variation in the way each clan looks / size of their weapons / basic design of their buildings would be nice.Better tile size to building count ratio. I have encountered large beach fronts wherein I can only build one building, yet the swamp allows for 2 yet its ""difficult to build on"". The current system puts the Sheep clan at the top tier by a longshot.The victories aren't of equal magnitude. The Krowns victory is too slow, the domination victory is too simple. Additionally, the fame and lore victories can't be stopped, if an opposing clan is about to get the last blessing, what do I do? This again puts too much emphasis on simple Domination, which puts too much emphasis on the linear battle model (one troop type, one defense type).Other than that, Northgard is one of the best early access games I have had the honour of playing, and considering this game has its basics (core gameplay, core aesthetics and design and interactive interfaces - menus, HUD and such) so well constructed, I see nothing preventing the devs from expanding the game very rapidly. I expect Northgard to be a very successful game upon the official launch.Holy crap, this was long.Edited: Typos."
76561198005098694,Recommended,466560,32711490,Posted: 23 June,all,Tiny Tarrasque,"As a fan of BlueByte's Settlers saga, I couldn't be happier with this game. The harsh winter adds a much more realistic approach to the battle, and makes it even more deadly. 10/10."
,Not Recommended,466560,31675581,Posted: 10 May,all,MRPolo,"I'm in two minds about this game. On the one hand, it is a fun, if not fairly simple and dickish at times, RTS game. Though you shouldn't necessarily be fooled by the RTS title, because in reality this game is tile-based, just in real time. Most tiles have a unique aspect to them that might give you additional bonuses or disadvantages. I approached this game expecting a settlement-builder and from that point of view I have to say I'm relatively disappointed. On the other hand, the game plays great, it has lovely visuals which remind me of Banished (which, in my book, is most definitely not a critcism) and when everything is going your way it's great. I may have bought it far too early in its development as there are things which I have to say annoy the hell out of me. No way to speed up time, not enough notifications about what's happening, happiness levels being at times completely arbitrary and balance issues mean that, in its current state, I cannot recommend it. However, given a solid few months of polish and I think this can be an extremely fun game.Since I am not recommending this game in its current - early - state, I can at least offer some critique to hopefully better it in the future.- Automate more. As it stands I have found no way to automatically assign a villager to a building site, or once a building is complete to automatically assign a villager to it. This makes the game extremely tedious even when ignoring the sluggish pace of gameplay.- Don't allow complete freedom to colonise. This one might be quite unpopular. I have found that when I'm rushing an enemy base, which thus far has been the best option to destroy opponents because if you're too slow they'll just pester you like mosquitos, the enemy will instantly recolonise the land that they just lost. I've no idea where they're getting all this food from, considering they have like, one farm and a hunter or something.- Ability to speed at time. The late game just became sitting around and waiting, and it turned boring so very quickly.- Flesh out the late game. I'm certain this is one of the things that will be done, but the late game in general could use work. Once your neighbours hate you there's no reliable way to continue making gold bar throwing down a thousand markets.- Make current events clearer. I have found that I often subconsciously ignored the quiet horn sound. There were no flashing lights on the map to show what's happening, the notifications quickly faded away. This might be partially my fault, but I often found myself realising I was losing a region only after I almost lost it, because the game didn't really make it clear enough that something was up.There are probably more, but after a few hours of gameplay these are the issues that strike me as immediately obvious.Again, in its current state this game is an amazing backbone to what could be one of my favourite games of all time. It's a shame it's not a city-builder like the older Settlers or Cultures, but the gameplay as-is is great, and makes up for that."
,Recommended,466560,32106595,Posted: 1 June,all,Dirk Blodtørst,"As the game currently stands, Northgard is incredibly accessible, enjoyable and well-polished.The depth of RTS strategy is only skin-deep, but I find this to be something viewed positively, as the develpoers appear to be trying to make the right choices for this game, rather than throwing the whole catalogue of traditional RTS mechanics and features at it in order to please everyone.There have been incremental and considered changes by the developers, albeit at a great pace. Northgard feels light, and there's no pressure to learn vast amounts of control in order to enjoy it.It also must be said that this is the first time I've ever enjoyed listening to the same music on a loop forever. I absolutely adore the soundtrack, even in its currently limited state.I see the tight-rope between management strategy and coffee break gaming expertly walked right here. I hope that as new elements are added and rebalanced, that the game doesn't suffocate under the pressure to be everything at once under a beautifully realised Norse mythology theme."
76561198083543721,Recommended,466560,30153600,Posted: 24 February,all,adi.bala,The game has potential but in the current state lacks depth. Even though the factions r are different the unit and bulding each has is the same. If you are looking for 50+ hour of replayable game i would suggest wait for it to come out of early access. But it has enough for 10 - 20 hour of game play.
,Recommended,466560,30194211,Posted: 26 February,all,Princess Caitlin,"Going into this game, I was expecting The Settlers. Many reviews mentioned it, so I got psyched. I love almost every game in The Settlers series, and long for a new one. Purchased this game without a second thought.I'll start off by saying this: Northgard is NOT a city builder. The tag is, as far as I'm concerned, incorrect. It's nothing like The Settlers, or Anno, or the Impressions series, or any other city builder game. However, I'm pleased to say that, despite not being what I hoped for, Northgard is an incredible game and I'm so excited for its future.A more appropriate tag for this game would be 4X. A simplistic 4X, to be sure, but a 4X nonetheless.Explore: You train scouts to scope out territories that are hidden by the fog of war. Think of it like revealing new tiles in Civilization. Until they are discovered, you don't know what's there, and can't plan your buildings. Exploration is crucial.Expand: Each territory has a very strict building limit, so if you want more than a small handful of buildings, you'll need to expand to other areas. Territories can have special resources or bonuses, as well, so it's imperative to find them and make them your own.Exploit: The game contains a fair amount of resources needed to build and upgrade buildings, feed and warm your populace, and trade. Each territory can have a different resource or bonus, and it's up to you to place buildings that can take advantage of them.Exterminate: There is a small combat element to the game. You'll need to rid a territory of predators before claiming it, and defend from hostile NPCs. You may also attack your opponents, and fend of attacks from them.See? All four X's. Northgard is closer to Civilization than any city builder, and it's a wonderful take on the 4X genre. Games are fast paced and simple, but still require thought, strategy, and planning ahead. Winters are tense times where your resources are drained mercilessly. Skirmishes with NPC or AI units are quick and satisfying. Plus, there are lots of ways to win!I can't recommend this game as a city builder, because it simply isn't one. However, that doesn't mean it's not a great game! I fully recommend this to anyone who enjoys 4X games or RTS games, and doesn't mind a more relaxed, simplistic style. The graphics, sounds, controls, UI, and gameplay all shine, even in this unfinished state. This game deserves your time, money, and support. Enjoy!"
76561198011779398,Recommended,466560,30154553,Posted: 24 February,all,Dojo,"The best comparison to ""Northgard"" is the boardgame ""Settlers of Catan"",you start as a viking leader with only a few resources and some workersand you have to build up your clan.Gathering resources, fighting animals and undeads, managing your economyand conquering are the main aspects of the game,you will have to do on limted space.The game takes place on a map that is seperated in different segments,each segment has its own attributes, for example animals to hunt or farmland.The building space on the segments is limited,furthermore segments will remain hidden until you explored them with a scout,so you never know what the conditions around you are.After a few hours of play time and trying out different winning conditionsand clans I came to the conclusion, that the game is a lot of fun.One game takes around 90 minutes and it is a really ""calm"" gaming experience.The music and art style is great and for me the game worked without bugs.The only negative aspect is the limited content of Northgard, but it is still early access so hopefully there will be more content to play in the full version. Multiplayer is planed as well.All in all I recommend you to have at least an eye on Northgard."
76561197976035344,Recommended,466560,30106316,Posted: 22 February,all,Orio,"Do you like Settlers? The old settlers 3-4? Then this is a game for you. It is both strategy and citybuilding in 1.It is lacking some tutorial in the current state , same with MP but this will be added later on.No obvious bugs at launch, some people have problem starting the game but im sure the devs are working on it."
,Recommended,466560,32701886,Posted: 23 June,all,Cool Pepe,"This game is off to a great start. It's a nice simple RTS, perfect for someone like me who don't want to bother with the micromanaging that comes with the more popular RTS games. I can only hope that the game continues on this track and the developers continue to add content."
,Recommended,466560,32898731,Posted: 27 June,all,Electroblazer,Northgard is in my opinion a mix between Age Of Empires and Civilization.The gameplay is fun and has many mechanics to win with meaning strategy is key.
76561198090011900,Recommended,466560,30106374,Posted: 22 February,all,Onionknight,"Im more the lazy guy and usually don't write reviews, but this game is a lot of fun. Ive played a lot of Settlers games, Anno's, sid meiers, stronghold's since my childhood and since a few years strategy games got worse and worse in my opinion.Ive just played 1 game now (and won FeelsGoodMan OpieOP)  but its pretty outstanding so far. The sound, graphics  and the way it's plays is just a new thing in this combination. Its not that hard as a sid meiers, not that military heavy as a stronghold and not so slow as a Anno. For me its really a new game on his own. The random map style is working so far pretty good. (started several games to get into it)They are really trying to create something new and im looking forward to it. You have to remember that this impression is only VS the AI. I can't wait to play it against friends, its gonna be a lot of fun for sure"
76561198059430993,Recommended,466560,30617725,Posted: 19 March,all,Shredlock,"11/10. Best RTS in a long time.It can be challenging but you can also get a landslide victory if given the right starting area and surrounding sectors but I love the randomnly generated maps, keeps each game fresh and exciting.Definitely needs more clans, more combat units, buildings and alot of work on small details but I can see this game is going to be amazing. It hasn't even got a campaign and I can't stop playing.Can't wait to see more updates like the coming Crow clan next week, currently loving the Stags the most haha and I'm glad I took the risk and spent the $20, very worth it. Even as an EA game."
,Recommended,466560,33698986,Posted: 21 July,all,'Raikkonen,"A game where you will invest your time like CIV in a Age of Empires style.But;We need more variety of Soldiers.Almost all of the clan has the same tech tree or lore as the game call it.There's no really diplomatic with other clans, you can trade with them and suddenly attack them.Sometimes they'll attack one of your areas and after they got it they will go back and trading with you like nothing happened.Should add a feature that will warn you when you click another clan's territory.Altho it's the player's fault, sometimes you can't help but to not notice the area's border resulting you to click the other clan's area and declaring a war against them.I hope it will not disappoint on it's full release, can't wait. :)"
,Recommended,466560,30334589,Posted: 5 March,all,Mirza1453,"So far good game, gets updated frequently. Nice city builder and resource management. If you like Age of Empires or Stronghold series, give it a try. You wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,466560,30245929,Posted: 28 February,all,PG Kauzge,"NorthgardI played this game roughly 15 hours, unlocked every achievement so far and had great fun doing so. I just love the artwork, the soundtrack and the little details, it just reminds me of the good old ""Settler"" series, which i enjoyed as a kid. The creation of a little settlement out of nothing and the survival aspects just give an unique feeling to the game.I am impressed by the content the devs have created so far and hope they will continue doing so.Nevertheless the game is not finished yet. It needs some polishing and bugfixes aswell as more content. After 15 hours I've already seen pretty much the whole game. As we speak the game only includes a single player skirmish mode with max. 3 UI opponents, but the devs already announced a single player story driven campaign and a multiplayer mode.You should buy this if you like strategic constuction games like ""The Settlers"" or ""Banished"" and of courseVikings!If you are worried about the little content the game offers so far, just come back in 2-6 months, the devs are constantly updating the game."
76561198035759011,Not Recommended,466560,30904673,Posted: 2 April,all,10q,"I would just wait.This game, as of now, is very very simplistic. There is no depth at all right now. What's there, is clearly polished and works fine, and the game have alot of potential, but don't buy it now, wait for more updates and/or official release of the game. I have no doubt this will be a little gem by then, so don't get bored of it while it's in early-access."
,Recommended,466560,30132986,Posted: 23 February,all,Xylan,"We knew of a happy time once.Where men frolicked whilst foraging for food and merchants haggled between neighbouring settlements.That was until the portals arrived and the winters frost set in.Many starved to death, the rest were forced to fight these monsters whilst dying from sickness.Not many survived.Those who did could never predict the earthquake coming.Fire, fire everywhere!The rest of their story was lost to history, and overwritten by saves.11/10, would starve again."
76561198064998032,Recommended,466560,30310325,Posted: 4 March,all,Caesar1214,"This is a game with massive potential.  It's been a long time since I was this excited about an RTS game.... probably Age of Mythology when they did the remasted edition but that's a different review.  It is rough around the edges, but the developers seem to be releasing updates every few days, and hopefully they will add more and more features.What I really hope is that they nail the campaign mode, and create one like AOM or the original AOE games.  It may have been single player, but the ability to be invested in the story is fantastic!  Overall, Northgard is rough and stripped bare at this stage, but hopefully in the future it will be fully completed and a fantastic experience."
,Recommended,466560,34213303,Posted: 13 August,all,♫[☺] Ephphatha (藍凛) afterfindGH,Find the diamond from the dust... finally a original RTS game!10/10
,Recommended,466560,30225401,Posted: 27 February,all,"Nightmare Lord, Terrae Ignis","Bought this for a bit of a change from my normal C&C style games. I was pleasantly surprised at how well made it is for an early access title. It reminds mind a bit of Black and White 2 combined with civilization and just a hint of Tropico to top it off. One thing it has definatly tried and done well with is throwing a bit of freshness into the RTS genera so for the price of £14.99 (I paid £13.49 on deal) you would be insane to miss it if you love RTS and city builders.We'll get started with the down sides this time though since its early access and they will probably be sorted/changed soon:-Extremely limited number of combat units.-No Tutorial I could find.-Only 3 current factions to choose from when I wrote this.-All maps are random with no presets to choose from.-No way to only select idle/food gathering villagers so you don't disturb builders.-Some minor lag spikes on season changes#Now for the good bits. Everyone loves a good bit in games:-It has Vikings in it.-Very simple to play and learn on the go. The no tutorial thing isn't that bad I guess.-'Territory' based maps mean that you can't build in the other player's base.-The 'Territories' have individual resources and building limits. No spamming or 'walling'.-You can't jump for the other players main base at the start of the game. You can only capture adjacent territories to your own.-Simple but very effective graphics compared to the modern 'Hyper-realistic' style that's getting over used.-All maps are random with no presets to choose from.-Unit build limits.-Seasonal based gameplay. Winter and Summer have different effects on gameplay.-Neutral units mean the game doesn't play over in 5 minutes. You might have to kill a few to get a single bit of land available to capture-Nice and easy to use resource management system means you need to think ahead of what you are doing.-Units are not locked to a single use. They can be changed from farmer to healer to warrior just by sending them to the respective building.Basically if you want something new and not just a reskin of an old RTS/City Builder with fancy new names and that, you are 100% needing to at least try this game."
76561198102701566,Recommended,466560,34858474,Posted: 10 September,all,Unrevived,"[Hello my name is Mash)As a diamond starcraft 2 player my review will be covering specifically gameplay and please exscuse any grammar or spelling errors as I don't write reviews often so my structure can be off but now that we are on the same page, lets begin.[Units]you get the choice between warriors, axe throwers, shield bearers, and a warchief, merry christmas (no seriously thats it)None of the units have abilities. You do have healers but they do not exist as an actuall army unit, they're more sit back at base an heal constantnly but slowly. Also the army cap is quite small, i think my biggest army was no more then 30 supply villagers included. The only clan unit that is different is the warchief, who has the same model except different makeup.[Map objectives]There is objectives on the map such as holding an artifact gaurded by units, giving food to giants for them to join your army, or even killing a boss. But some of these feel quite out of reach in a 1v1, and it feels like fame victories are achieved quite easily and quicker then it would take to actually accomplish most of these on map objectives. I really enjoy this map objective system but I feel like it can definently use some fine tuning and tweaking but overall the idea and concept is gem.[Tiles]You progress through your match in similiarity to civilization, you keep your clan happy with food, lumber, stone, and iron. To aquire these things you'll need to scout adjacent tiles and find resources this way. I actually didn't really like this system was presented in civilization probably because of how slow that game was, but this game actually pulls it off quite well in my opinion, and the seasons is a nice touch as well. Its not a perfect system, and can definently screw you over, but it works right now.[Overall]But overall yes I do like this game, but being compared to leading RTS titles on the market and the standards they set for the genre I would give this game a 72%. I can tell you guys put alot on your plate already but In my own opinion this game is literally 38% of a game away from becoming a leading RTS and from becoming a sport in the world of online gaming.[Things I would like to see or would suggest in gamelay]I would like to see more units, bigger armies earlier, with stronger objective and victory condition balancing. If you could even add in units with abilities, more unique and lore intensive clans at the least change the color of the clothes. Also If you could try to make your unit responses more similiar to how blizzard does it, the constant grunt every click starts to drive me nuts over time. Also I know i'm going out on a limb here especially with the viking feel but if you could even maybe add air units idk maybe wyverns or something idk it would be cool.[Extra things to note]Units respond like units in warcraft or starcraft, and not so much like age of empires or similiar game where the units respond in bulk and delayed. So yea if you make a square, the units within that square are selected, although i don't think you can shift click to add or remove to subgroup. Also you can hotkey your units and structures into different groups.axe throwers respond quick enough in which you can kite efficiently."
76561198235955688,Recommended,466560,31533405,Posted: 3 May,all,Squid,"A pretty good game but not my style. The building restrictions are annoying, especially the areas you can only have 1 or 2 buildings in. It forces you to expand a lot, which makes management hard because your map gets huge so quickly, and only 1 or 2 buildings in most areas. Mechanics are good though and it is fun to play. I would play more if I could place more buildings, so that's basically my only complaint. Technology tree and diversity in specializations is nice. It's easy to switch people from one profession to another and the short but harsh winter is nice. It's not too easy, but it's also not unbearably difficult."
,Recommended,466560,30917684,Posted: 3 April,all,Murg,"Imagine a game that falls somewhere between Civilization, Warcraft 3 and Settlers of Catan. That's Northgard, and it'sreallyrefreshing.So far I have played 2 hours, and I can already tell you this is a great little game.Basically you have to take over tiles and manage the resources you farm on them. Sounds pretty easy right? Well it's not.Every tile has different resources and there's multiple ways to win. You have to use your scouts to find the next tiles you need for your strategy, while you try maxing out the production on the ones you already hold. All the while, you have to deal with wolves, trolls, starvation, cold winters and of course:other players.If you over extend your resources in any one direction, you'll quickly find your clan grinding to a hault, while the other players out pace you and eventually ransack all of your tiles.This game is different than anything you have played before. While most RTS games are combat heavy, and resource management is secondary, Northgard treats soldiers as just one piece of the puzzle.Combat is an important part of this game, but it's not any more important than collecting food, chopping wood, mining ore, researching upgrades, scouting for tiles, preparing for winter and keeping your vikings happy.Northgard's simplicity makes it really easy to jump into, but its creative mechanics leave for dozens, possibly hundreds of hours of replayabilty.--THE BAD NEWS: This type of game is made to be played in Ranked Queue and there's no multiplayeryet.  :'("
76561198053828725,Recommended,466560,30106507,Posted: 22 February,all,[FS]GreyWolf,"After playing a whole match and testing out the win conditions, i want to write my review just to share how good this game in the current state is.Pros:- Great atmospheric music- Beautiful artstyle (others my dont like it but i absolutly do love it)- Nice tactical depths ( different win conditions, nature catastrophies, different clans with different bonuses etc.)There will be multiplayer and a campaign but at this state it is ""just"" singleplayer with random generated maps.Now some of my ideas what have to be added in the future- More Units for battle- After each match a statistic screen- More buildingsBare in mind that this is EARLY ACCESS and i see so much potential for a great strategy game.I love it!"
76561198039806074,Recommended,466560,30253532,Posted: 28 February,all,malcyn,"Awesome game play and a unique idea. It's still early, so there isn't a whole lot of content, but I can see this game becoming great."
,Recommended,466560,33176577,Posted: 3 July,all,zatley ok,"This game is awesome, its like Age of Empires but you play as vikings and it has its own unique features. For example, you need to make scouts to explore the map, they will look into the void and unlock different areas, those areas contain enemy's, for example 3 wolfs, kill those and you can colonize the area and start building. Also for a early access game, it feels very polished, UI looking great, full of content already. Really cool, would recommend :)"
76561197960346510,Not Recommended,466560,32180494,Posted: 4 June,all,TheCinC,"TLDR version: this game has potential, but still needs a lot of work.Long version:For an Early Access game, this isn't bad. No bugs, or at least none that I really noticed. I've seen much worse from fully released games that were created by well known studios with huge conglomerates behind them. Even the 'Work in Progress' Axe throwers and the accompanying building, seemed to work fine. The graphics are lovely as well.That said, there is as yet not that much content, and the AI was not much of a challenge, at least not at the normal setting. I hope loads more content and an option for even bigger maps will be added. But if they keep it up like this, this could turn into a great game. I just hope it won't turn out to be an utter disappointment, like so many games, that are abandoned somewhere along the way, or at least never live up to anything even close to their full potential. I also hope the AI will be improved, to be more of a challenge. One of the AI enemies seemed to be stuck, possibly never progressed beyond the first building, although it somehow acquired about half of the map.After that first game, for some reason, I have been running into trouble. But not from the AI, but from the game mechanics. There aren't many buildings in the game yet, but you need several of them to keep going. However, you can only build a few in each territory. Pretty soon, you get into trouble. You either run out of resources, building space, villagers, or something else. Sometimes everything seems to be going fine, then an earthquake hits, or your food gets eaten, and suddenly the situation seems beyond recovery.As yet, I can't really recommend the game, as it is nowhere near finished, and I've been burned by pre-orders for games that absolutely had no excuse for being as disappointing as they turned out to be. You never know with Early Access games. All I know is, I hope they continue the way they have been going, they seem to be on the right track. Since I am forced to make a choice between recommending this game, and not recommending it, I sadly have to choose no. But it makes me feel a bit guilty. I hope that, when the game is developed further, I will be able to update this review and change my recommendation."
,Recommended,466560,30125351,Posted: 23 February,all,Takushi,"If you liked Age of Empires, you'll love this too.Pros:-Polished demo-Much Promise-Muh Scouts!Cons:-Still a demoNotes:This game takes me back to my Age of Empires days and forced me to pull an all nighter learning its ins and outs.Should the developers take their time to finish the game with the level of polish the paid demo has this could easily be one of my all time favorite games, to that extent I beg the developers to please just keep what you're doing and complete the game. If your final product is as good as this demo I will be first in line to buy the Northgard 2."
,Recommended,466560,30396805,Posted: 8 March,all,EnrageD <3 Christian Pulisic,"Fantastically entertaining game.   Very intuitive for an RTS, fun to play,  it's got that oldschool feel of Age of Empires with the quality of a game from 2017.   I grew up on games like this,  AoE, Warcraft, Total Annihilation,  etc.   It has the same feel as all those games I loved.Competitive RTS players might not like it in it's current form but that could change, and I'm not speaking for the lack of multiplayer...   Hotkeys, quality of life, AI, balance,  all currently issues I can see in the game,  all issues that can be fixed easily in development so I really can't say anything negative about it.I've been trying to bug hunt this early access game as well,  and other than certain gameplay mechanics,  I haven't found much worth reporting,   the game is in a very good state in early access,  even with the lack of story mode, multiplayer and depth.I can recommend this game to anyone who has played a early 00's RTS and loved it."
,Recommended,466560,30220376,Posted: 27 February,all,dexzar,"Old school RTS that gives me the settlers 2 vibe with bits of banished. Didn't have a single bug or crash.Now to wait for more content, if the campaign and mp is gonna be just like this I can highly recommend this game. For now if you just want a play test and a relaxing game get it. But don't expect an in depth game just yet."
76561198171216967,Recommended,466560,34152956,Posted: 10 August,all,|T.N.R| Mossyleaf,"If you are a fan of Civilization or Age of empires, or really any strategy game then this game is perfect for you!The game takes some of the best features from the strategy games I know and love and makes it unique by adding other challenges than your regular enemies. Instead of just having to worry about the size of your enemies army you also have to make sure that your clan survives the winter and that your inhabitants are happy enough to allow your clan to grow.this game throws challenges at you from both left and right, and you have to always be prepared because you never know what might happen! Your villagers might get sick,  you might experience an earthquake and not have enough wood to save your building before they burn down, or you might be attacked by wild beats, or Draugr and ValkyriesAll of the different challenges and approaches you can use to achieve victory together with the constant updates and patches with new content has made this one of my new favourite games, and I highly recommend it if you want to try something both familliar and new."
76561198028621235,Recommended,466560,34318575,Posted: 17 August,all,Avataris,"The concept is great and well executed.  The only frustration I had was keeping my villagers happy.  This occurs primarily in the middle game.  Early on it's easier to keep them happy, and when you start attacking they seem to get happy, but when you are just trying to increase your territory and you spread out more it becomes hard to manage everything and keep everyone happy.   I still want to play though to see if I can get better at it."
76561198076117518,Recommended,466560,32224210,Posted: 6 June,all,Hyperion,At the games current state I'd say its a good idea to watch it progress and consider it once it has been developped more. But for its current state I wouldn't be willing to pay that much for it.
,Not Recommended,466560,32215734,Posted: 6 June,all,nomad19,"It's a game that has potential, but at this stage I wouldn't really recomend $16 for it. Military units are pretty basic without much upgrade path. Although the survival aspect of it is nice, It becomes more of a chore than really feeling challenging and part of the gameplay. Exploring can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥if you don't claim every land you walk through, because if another clan claims too many your stuck and can't walk through them, which forces you to fight and/or wait till each land becomes cleared to be able to pass through it. It doesn't really bring anything new or super exciting to the table. IMO just play AOE or C&C or StarCraft, this game isn't offering anything groundbreaking or majorly different(yet?) and MAYBE slightly better graphics.Some things like when rats eat your food and it says you need to build more food silo's but no matter how many you build it doesn't really help and rats still eat like half your food. Some resources run out very fast and don't seem to respawn so if the other clan's get them first your pretty SOL with not a whole lot of trading options.Your town or base defense options are limited to 1 arrow tower per part of land, even if two parts of land have towers right next to eachother they ONLY defend the part of land you built them on, no other options of any other kind of defense.The game some interesting ideas that IMO just don't work that well and make the game annoying at times.Also constantly get out of memory errors which just basically ends your game, which isn't really a big deal as the gameplay is pretty basic. I know it's in alpha, but just hold off till it offers more/some enjoyable gameplay."
76561198015258593,Recommended,466560,33807951,Posted: 26 July,all,Fehu,"Greetings fellow heathens,I rate this game 09/10 keeping in mind that this is an early access game and there's always room for improvement. Northgard is utterly beautiful, suited with a very authentic soundtrack.The game itself is relatively easy to play if you get to know the basics, which is possible in only a few hours time. Although the AI of the game is very challenging if you play on the hardest mode possbile if you don't know how to play.Furthermore appealing is that you don't always have the same routine playing for you always have differently created maps and the key to win doesn't always lie in dominating the enemy e.g., for there are many alternatives for winning the game.This game is definitely worth 15€ and I really can recommend playing this if you like games similar to Age of Empires or the early Settler-Franchise.Hail and Skal brothers and sisters!"
,Recommended,466560,31628103,Posted: 8 May,all,Kaen,"this game is beautifully made. i love the graphics. and the gameplay is nice and easy. didnt need a tutorial or anything. a couple quick playthroughs and i understood what does what. if you're into strategy games, get it."
76561198008107191,Recommended,466560,30316994,Posted: 4 March,all,Girtania,"I recommend it because its core mechanics are great. Its fun, but needs more depth. If the campaign turns out good or if they can make the games be long and still intresting i'd give it a 5 of 5. In its current state 3 out of 5."
76561198069618203,Recommended,466560,31025017,Posted: 8 April,all,DrewTheDuck,"For starters, if you enjoy these ""age of empires"" type games, buy it. For the price, its worth a try.I dont really write reviews much, but I LOVE this game. The 4 races are great, but I think they need balancing. The goat clan is just way to strong. Also it would be good to see a bit more variety. The lore tree adds a lot fo customization, but a variety of war troops would help add more to the game. Also, sometimes my people are just unhappy without explanation and it would be nice to know why they are unhappy so I can fix it.Still a very good all around game! I am very excited to see where this game goes with campaign, multiplayer, and other updaates to come!All in All9/10Duck People Proudly Support"
76561198038850396,Recommended,466560,33604514,Posted: 17 July,all,Colonel Liquid Fries,Personally i'm not really in to strategy games but i'm having soo much fun playing this game. It is an easy game to play. After a few rounds you start to understand the basics and it is meant to play with friends which doubles the fun. The art style and the concept is beautiful. It might need a little more depth in strategy but overall it is beautiful and it can be developed. There is not much left to say. I highly recommend it.
76561198007579261,Recommended,466560,30169555,Posted: 25 February,all,Bomoo,"I guess it's because I don't keep up so much anymore, but for me this game came out of nowhere (thanks, Garam!) and surprised me very pleasantly. How to describe it? Think... a good portion of something like Settlers, a dash of Age of Empires, and a seasoning of Company of Heroes/Dawn of War, and there you are. Wonderful and effective blend of different RTS design elements wrapped in a highly attractive and tasteful art style. The UI is clean, crisp, modern, the mechanics are intuitive and clean without being remotely shallow or ""mobile,"" and there is not a sour note to be found anywhere.The controls do take a little getting accustomed to, but they leave little to be desired once you do a little digging. For instance, I was initially frustrated by the inability to assign action groups. But the designer(s) of this game were way ahead of me there! I was drag selecting like a dope, and sending my villagers off to fight alongside my warriors until I stumbled on the tooltip telling me ""hey, you can assign warriors to group up with your leaders,"" and the leaders themselves, and the groups that are assigned to them, are the control groups. Just a wonderful little piece of quality-of-life design from Dawn of War that I've almost never seen anywhere else, and one that made me feel all fuzzy inside.Yep, this game not only works but delights, and I regret that I don't say that nearly often enough."
76561198038010848,Recommended,466560,30108883,Posted: 22 February,all,Raggamuffin,"I am a big fan of strategy games...Be it RTS or grand strategy. I love them all. But the game that sparked my love for the genere was the settlers! Yes that old thing.And to these simple days Northgard has taken me, back to managing a few settlers on a quest to build an empire :DAll this is executed very nicely, and some fresh twists are added as well. There are different ways to achieve victory, by trade, force, science etc. You can even control the tree of life and win like this. You can befriend giants and send your jotun hero on a rampage :3All in all the two maps I played I greatly enjoyed. Nice artstyle, snappy controls and ofc VIKINGS! It sometimes even reminded me of a boargame, you fight for areas, send your scouts to uncover new uncharted places and send your raidingpartys to foreign shores.yes it's not that hughe....but who cares? And it's still in developement! I am looking forward to what is to come!My pros and cons:PROS:+ Overall satisfying artstyle, Sound and Interface.+ Responsive Controls+ Detailed Maps full of viking lore+ Has the same nice feeling the old settler games hadCONS: or rather reasons this game might not be for you...then the only real issue was that it's not super stable yet...but then again it's an early access ;)-not very long-not very challenging( at least on normal)Whom would I recommend this game:To everyone who likes their strategy little slower from time to time.Fans of the old Settlers...maybe even Anno titels ( though please don't expect that level of complexity). People who liked games like Stonehearth, the old battle relams or enjoyed the artstyle of Jotun ;)Hope that helped :D -> You watched some gameplays anyways didin't you? yes you did. Now go buy it. You know you want to :P"
,Recommended,466560,30486140,Posted: 12 March,all,Rustedo,I like the game and i'am waiting for the campaign and multiplayer.
76561198029504029,Recommended,466560,30417867,Posted: 9 March,all,Washcoon,This is brilliant! So glad Yogscast played it so i got to discover this beautifull game! It keeps you on you toes at the same time it can be a good relaxing game. When they get all the clans running and the multiplayer it should be fantastic!
,Recommended,466560,33840945,Posted: 27 July,all,Lokaror,"Northgard is a stunning strategy game that is in early acsess but honestly is pretty damn fun right now. They recently updated and added the clan of the bear and they seem to be adding more. Its a real time strategy game with a nordic flavor, quite a few ways to win and the clans do feel different to me. The music is great, and the visuals do fit the game rather nicely id say. Overall i highly reccomend you pick this game up if you enjoy strategy games or even want to start playing them."
76561198050879547,Recommended,466560,34793497,Posted: 7 September,all,Feed Good Inc.,"Northgard is an RTS with elements from like Warcraft 3 and Settlers, blending the best elements from both, that favors macro over micro. The limitation on building and unit number is actually a welcoming comfort, as you have to think carefully of what building you need, and it prevents you from turtling. It also encourages you to expand and forces you to spread your forces thinner to defend your large empire. So what is your style? Heavily defended minimum? Or riches of a large country? Will you manage to do both?Above all, the game is FUN. I haven't picked up an RTS that I enjoyed so much in single player mode in YEARS. That I can play casually and feel satisfied. I am relieved that there is finally an RTS I can play that doesn't fill like a tiwitchy clickfest, from the fantasy RTS genre that I miss since Warcraft 3."
,Not Recommended,466560,32405100,Posted: 14 June,all,defective pancake,"This game has a good concept behind it, taking bits and pieces from Age of Empires, a fraction management RTS that revolves around gathering resources to build things, all mostly in order to support your army and its conquests, and Banished, a city-building survival RTS that revolves around careful planning of your village's resource and citizen management, with just a pinch of Majesty and Settlers flavour in a fantasy viking setting.However, as of now there's simply not enough to do in-game, and replaying doesn't really add anything dramatic to the whole experience as the fractions (""clans"") presented aren't that drastically different to each other. They are also quite unbalanced, Stag clan is too OP. The maps are also quite small, and don't have much variety to them. The events that happen in the game are repetitive, and also don't have much variety to them. Diplomacy or any sort of contact with the other fractions other than them attacking you or you attacking them and trading via marketplace is nonexistant. I wouldn't recommend playing it in it's current state, as better games similar to this one exist. If you're longing for a Nordic fantasy, play Banner Saga. If you want a good ""empire""/city management RTS experience, play Age of Empires or Banished. That's all. Pretty much everything really nice that the game has going on for it is graphics, and it's not nearly enough for a game of this genre.It's a solid game nonetheless, although I don't think it's worth it's full price. Hopefully the developers won't abandon their project, because it seems promising, however in it's current state it's not really worth paying that much attention to."
,Recommended,466560,33790300,Posted: 25 July,all,Lóstrego,"Well, i don't know why people say that this is like Age of Empires, nothing to do with it!!!. For me it's like Settlers II (or even Anno) mixed with Popoulus III. Anyway, I loved both games so I'm enjoying so much Northgard.The micromanagement it's very basic, you build a woodcutter hut and you obtain wood ready to use (no need for a wood processing plant or something like that..) So you don't have chains of resources for creating others, like Anno. If you expected that, don't mind, I've too, but once you see the mechanics of the game you will forget this part.It's very easy to play and the interface helps a lot, it's very  well thinked.There are of course things that i don't like so much, like the fact that you have to have specfic places to build a farm, for example, and it's frustrating to see how your people die of hunger and you have a beautiful field empty. The same with the hunter and the fisherman.  Of course these things are very strategical to have and it's one of the keys of the game. Another thing is that makes no sense for me to limit the number of buildings per zone, or at least i see the limit to low. Sometimes there are a lot of empty space and seems weird for me to ""buy"" new space having a lot free. And, If you are the one who likes building things in order you will be a little dissapointed, you will have the hauses spread all over the map.For the tecnical pow, the graphics and animations are very good and even with my modest laptop (i5, 8gb ram, nvidia 940mx) runs decently at full detail. The weather effects are really nice. There is only one music tune, but is pretty :)I recommend without doubt this title,"
76561198015029871,Recommended,466560,30312942,Posted: 4 March,all,#E Rac Mac,"I wasnt sure this would be a good value, but I was wrong.  After playing almost a complete round, its clear this will provide many more hours of challenge down the road.  Its not all that easy, interface and game controls are easy, and the game progresses at a good clip.  I would recommend."
,Recommended,466560,30199362,Posted: 26 February,all,forfrosne,"Northgardis one of the most enjoyable strategy games I've played in years. It builds on the legacy of games such asThe Settlers IV, and theWarcraftRTS games, while also learning from more recent entries in the genre such asCivilization VandBanished. The player is tasked with growing a small Viking settlement on a strange and dangerous new island from humble beginnings to a thriving little town. This involves a great deal of micro-management: allocating certain jobs to certain villagers; investing in Lore-research to unlock new technologies; balancing resource production; trading resources for profits; growing your population; preparing for the harsh winters; and the threat of conflict. You can pick between three different 'Clans', each with their own starting bonuses and unique benefits, and the developers are working on adding another two clans to the list.It's possible to play mostly as a pacifist, and indeed you can win through totally non-violent means, though if you never train any warriors you certainly leave yourself open to being crushed by opponents or having your villagers picked off by wolves or Draugr.Northgardhas buckets of personality, particularly through some of the unique victory conditions, such as defending the Gate of Helheim, as well as enemies such as Valkyrie, Wyverns, and Giants. And visually the game is an absolute delight - it reminds me of something betweenWarcraft 3andDota 2. Visually lush and vibrant, but stylised in an eye-catching way, and with a simple, beautiful interface, I can't criticise the game's visual design. Matches are consistently exciting, while also not dragging on for hours at a time. Usually I can complete a match in between 1-2 hours, which is about perfect.There are also lots of small features in the game that help it stand out as a unique entry in the genre. For example, various actions such as conquering territory, exploring ruins, and launching raids earn you 'Fame' towards a victory-condition. You can also choose to consume a sizeable quantity of food in a Feast in order significantly increase your productive output for the next in-game month. The weather and calendar systems also affect the gameplay significantly, in particular because at winter food output significantly decreases and lumber consumption rises as villagers use fires to keep themselves warm, so you have to prepare for this. Random events such as the appearance of portals through which dangerous Draugr appear also keep you on your toes. And the game map is composed of individual 'areas' which have to be explored using a Scout before you can enter them. Each area contains various resources, and can be 'colonized' for a quantity of food. Because each area only allows a certain number of buildings to be constructed within them, the game incentivizes you to keep exploring and expanding into the unknown.It's notallthere just yet. It's an Early Access game, and the Multiplayer and story-driven Campaign modes haven't yet been implemented, but the developers have assured us they are on the way, as well as further fleshing out the currently fairly basic trade and diplomacy systems. I've not encountered any major bugs other than occasional performance slow-down. One thing I would say is that it's not the most challenging game - I've won every match I've completed, though a few times some opponents came quite close to achieving certain victory conditions before me.There's a few tiny flaws with it and changes they could make, but given the development stage this game is at right now, it's lookingfarhealthier than most Early Access games. The inclusion of female character models, slight difficulty/balance tweaks, and ironing out performance sags are hopefully improvements in the near-future. But other than that, I have to say that this is the most fun I've had with a video game in months. If you pine for some of the older games in this genre, particularly the earlyThe Settlersgames, and ifCivilizationdoesn't quite do it for you, then absolutely give this game a shot. I'm having a huge amount of fun with it, and I expect I'll enjoy it even more once they've fleshed out the core content a little more. I have no reservations about recommending this game."
,Recommended,466560,32379824,Posted: 12 June,all,rebus_forever,"heres a video of my review for anyone interested.https://youtu.be/yXYZMDG4oLQhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/RebusForeverReviews#curationIf you watch from here, comment or like someone elses comment whos come from steam already, I'm always curious how many steam folks end up there.That aside.Did you like settlers 1 2 3 4 5 6 or 7?Did you like banished or banished 0.7 forest village edition?Are you a Saxon with a grudge who just Likes watching vikings freeze or starve to death come winter?Then this might be the game for you #neverforgetlinidsfarne.Northgaurd is a realtime strategy survivalish village building sim featuring A  number of different clans with different perks, A decent research tree and trollsy combat easing late game fatigue.Lighter on the econ sim side than banished or settlers and with more of a traditional rts unit management deal going with the controlling of your lil fellas.Balancing resources and surviving winter dominate the early game with expansion as circumstances allow feeling earnt and like an achievement.Seeing how awful a person you can be in my AI skirmishes scares and excites me for the potential of the multiplayer.The games systems individually could all be called simplistic but in each case they seem to strike the right balance between complexity and accessibility unlike some games.They've kept the unit selection small and fairly basic which helps make the combat manageable while still being engaging with opportunities to micro manage and troll aplenty.Raiding and harassment are totally valid tactics if you lack the strength for direct conquest.Town management wise there's no advanced production chains  or dozens of different tools or resources  to balance while trying to organise your military.The tile based territory and limited building space per tile make every expansion or building choice feels significant, rewarding planning and careful management of the few resources, run out of food or firewood during the winter and you are gonna have a bad time.So far Every component be it building expansion exploration trade research or military,  feels important and rewarding.Northgard presents you with problems and the means to solve those problems without too much visual clutter or with complex menus to navigate, the games ui is clean and functional.Folks wanting a hardcore village sim should look elsewhere, Folks who want a clearly presented, uncluttered settlers themed rts game with a bunch of charm and polish should check this game out.The game is currently early access and has skirmish modes with ai or online play with a campaign due that I am looking forwards to.This may well be one of the best experiences ive ever had with an early access gamebut as I spent so much time playing settlers 1 I broke my Amiga my bias might be substantial.If you ever played a settlers game you owe it to yourself to buy this, it's a bit alright.Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy the game if my words influence you.If you watch the video from here lemme know in the comment section.If you enjoyed my review check my other reviews either here or on steam."
,Recommended,466560,30156674,Posted: 24 February,all,God Of The Shitfinger,"My First look at this game was that it is going to be some sort of boring over rated game so i bought it cause its payday so ♥♥♥♥ it, opened the game to a nice simple menu (I think they did a really good job with it), looked through the options then made my way to the single player tab. now my only request at this point in time is to have more colours to choose from for your clan but I like the choice of colours the devs chose anyways, so good job with the menu and the hud in game cause they are really good. Now the game its self is really easy to get a hold of and took me about 15 minutes to figured out how most of the game works. The gameplay is good with a little bit of complexity with the wolfes coming and attacking your lands every now and then (I dont remember the name of the other monster that can attack your clan) the AI is good in my opinion and still puts up a challenge even when you have a decent warband. I recomend this to anyone that likes strategy/rts games, its fun from what I have played so far and I cant wait to see what they add into this game."
76561198188188913,Recommended,466560,33179019,Posted: 3 July,all,ZnK,"Shows a lot of potential, so far this game is absolutely great"
,Not Recommended,466560,30126851,Posted: 23 February,all,Smile,"Northgard has beautiful graphics, and offers a refreshing take on the city-building genre. For the first time in a while I decided to buy this game out on a limb, and not research the game or watch any videos on it. I was pleasantly surprised for the first hour and a half. However, I played this game on normal difficulty and quickly reached the end game. I was dissapointed at how quickly I defeated the AI and the lack of freedom when it came to forging an army and expanding my clan. Like Civilization, there are tiles around the map, but there are very strict limits to how many structures you can build in each tile, which I found rather irritating. And after around 2 hours, I found that I had accomplished everything the game had to offer. So for this reason I requested a refund, as I found there to be little to no replayability.If you are a fan of city-builders then I would give this game a go, you might enjoy it, but if I were you I would wait for the game to drop to £10 or less, as I don't feel it is worth the £15 price-tag. But I am sure this game will be a lot better in the future as there are many features that are yet to be released, due to the fact that this game is in early access. So I would also recommend that you wait until the full release.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------EditedDISCLAIMERLet me be clear- the reason I asked for a refund was not because I was dissatisfied with the game, but because I don't have the money to spend on a game that isn't even going to last me 10 hours.Like I said at the beginning, I think Northgard is a very good game, but in it's current stage, I personally don't feel that I can spend £15 on a game this short. And, like previously stated, I am aware that this is in early-access and more will be added to the game. Another point I failed to make was that with strategy games, I wouldn't dream of entering multiplayer. Even the thought of multiplayer slipped my mind when writing the original review. So taking that into thought now, I guess if you are a hardcore fan of strategy games, then this is probably the game for you.My review was hastily written, and I actually wrote it because I was bored, not because I wanted to bash the game. I didn't expect anyone to even see it let alone upvote it. So I apologise for not counting on the fact people would actually read my review. I guarantee I would of taken into account everything the game had to offer.But thank you for actually reading my review"
76561198023625058,Not Recommended,466560,34924743,Posted: 13 September,all,woody00001,"The game looks nice, and has a nice feel in the beginning but the gemeplay needs a lot of work,  as the game progresses the same thing happens all the time, as soon as all the tiles are occupied you get attacked by all your neighbours in full strength, but your army is limited in size so you cant defend all your territories, and its not like you can build any serious defences.It is just really frustrating to play, so at this point it is not worth the money i paid"
,Recommended,466560,30142801,Posted: 24 February,all,Anpere ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"I’ve played about two to six games. I haven’t won any games yet, it’s actually quite difficult for me to be honest. I’ve been playing on normal difficulty. I might have to lower it to understand the mechanics a lot more since it’s different from other strategies I play big time. I kept quitting on most of the games due to horrible territories around my Viking Village. I haven’t had any issues with earning resources. It’s quite very straightforward and simple.Pro:Theme (Viking / Norse Mythology)Excellent Graphics, Artwork, and PerformanceWell Optimized (Intel 5 & GTX 750 Ti)Integrated SeasonsTerritory ConquestTech TreeStrategy is required.Upgradable Building’sVariant Warriors (Warrior, Berserker, and Warchief)I noticed in one match, I could recruit Giant Warriors.Fun and ChallengingCons and Suggestions:Limited Unit Variety - I’m disappointed I’m unable to manage the units to create Squads of 2, 4, 6, and 8. Such as a Scout / Warrior Unit to better defend the Scout. Although, I could just be pick knitting coming from Hearts of Iron 4 and Civilization 6.You’re unable to create Cavalry or Archers.Lack of Defensive Opportunities - Fortifications is correctly limited, a lot more is needed, such as Fortresses, etc.Viking Only - I wouldn’t mind if it was Viking only. But, I’d love to see other mixtures such as the Saxons, Picts, Frisians, Irish, Germanic, and Russians.Gaming Speed - We’re unable to control the speed. At times I wanted to fast-forward. Although, I wouldn’t care if it wasn’t added. It’s something I’d have to adjust too.There’s not a Survival / Open World option. If I just want to play with AI’s without having to worry about Victory Achievements. And it’s all about Exploring and Surviving.Score: 8/10I would recommend this to friends to conduct multiplayer games."
,Recommended,466560,32708694,Posted: 23 June,all,Lyca,"The game is pretty fun, but it's not 16.99 fun imo. I'd get it for 10 bucks or something."
,Recommended,466560,30115513,Posted: 23 February,all,Lord Songers,"Gameplay is pretty good. A game will take anywhere between 20 minutes to an hour based on your clan, win type and world size, the large size takes around 2 hours. New features are being rolled out regularly, however there is so a huge economic imbalance between the value of certain resources. AI doesn't play aggressively enough. With the added new units, unit group and selection can be difficult but it adds a small layer of depth. AI don't seem to build the new units either. Difficulty settings also seem to adjust your economic engine growth as the only type of difficulty, AI still behaves in the same way.Still highly recommended though.I have not played a multiplayer game."
76561198216542593,Recommended,466560,32661829,Posted: 22 June,all,kaptaprism,"Exploration, hunting, fishing, sailing, diplomacy, military, research, trading...and gorgeous graphics but in a simple way so it is not boring, it is not complicated.Edit : I still recommend this game but i think it needs more time. Need dedicated servers (the game is only multiplayer if u don't want to play ai skirmish and user hosts bring connection losts, over 30 secs lags and much more). And devs are working but they are suck at balancing. I hope this game gets better."
,Recommended,466560,33856420,Posted: 28 July,all,Zomirks,"A must have! This game is so good, he reminds me old RTS game when I was just a child! Don't hesitateBUY IT!"
,Recommended,466560,32479411,Posted: 16 June,all,zGen,"This game is bloody brilliant.I've never known a game where a bad winter would♥♥♥♥♥♥me off or devastate my township so much more than an opponent, but here it is. It gives me the nostaligia of Warcraft 2 while I'm harvesting wood and building farms, and occasionally raiding nearby opponents... if I even need to bother with that. And all while it is still such a very unique game in its own right.The only detraction it gets is the slight lag I've experienced playing with my mate, but this still didn't stop us from completing games... and it only happened occasionally.Half the game is just surviving winter. This game takes the expression ""winter is coming"" and makes you really feel it. I love it. It's tile based strategy meets RTS, with seasons thrown in just to mix it up. I've only had the game about 2 weeks now, but it is just so much damn fun, even when it's frustrating.For early access it already feels like a polished game, I imagine the developers put a lot of love into it. The only thing I want is MORE CLANS!!!! ALL THE CLANS PLEASE!!!I don't usually write these reviews, so yeah... I would say highly recommended. I want more of my friends playing it."
,Recommended,466560,35039858,Posted: 17 September,all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"This game is fantastic.Well rounded gameplay that is balanced so far. Easy to pick up, hard to put down.Very well done so far. Hard to tell its not a finished product.Good soundtrack and in game sound effects.I've surley gotten my moneys worth out of it, with the minmal amount I've played it."
76561197971014234,Recommended,466560,32221370,Posted: 6 June,all,Deus Vultan,Just like good ol settlers. Awesome 5/5 kröwns
76561198181671893,Recommended,466560,34146563,Posted: 10 August,all,mexxymyze,"It's a very fun game to play, especially with friends. the balancing of the victory conditions is good and each of the seperate classes feels unique and fun to play with.However they are still working on the game and there could be some improvements, me and a friend noticed some small bugs in the game, like having to place a building a couple of times before it actually starts building.Further the online play is fun and competitive, only sometimes the host DCs or quits and that screws up the game 9/10 times because the game is hosted on the client side I guess.Looking forward to the campaign as well!"
76561197975480054,Not Recommended,466560,30130492,Posted: 23 February,all,GhostMak3r,lacks alot for a rts game.    the map is divided into zones.  scouts explore new land.  use food to colonize.   each land zone can only support 2-4 buildings.   so your villiage is gonna be spread out.  you need to carefully plan out which buildings to use since land plots are limited.   i didnt enjoy this game.  the concept was different and ok. but its lacking.
,Recommended,466560,30165971,Posted: 25 February,all,Tactrix,"This is an early access title, having said that it's a pretty fun game and there is content coming, these devs are working very hard to get everything to where it needs to be. I enjoyed playing it even this early on when it's missing 2 modes, I have absolutely no doubt that with the 2 additional modes that will be put in this game will be a force to be reconned with."
76561197996301972,Recommended,466560,30237507,Posted: 28 February,all,Zaraktul,"I see a lot of potential in this game. The ressource management is fine. The victory goals are a bit too easy to get but I guess it was intended for the single player mode (aka 1 versus 3 AI). But overall, good job !"
,Recommended,466560,33140236,Posted: 2 July,all,FumblingWithTheLaw,"The game is a lot of fun. I'm not going to say the game is perfect, but I'm super glad I got it and I can't wait to convince more of my friends to get it so I can try out multiplayer."
76561198149666027,Not Recommended,466560,32939066,Posted: 28 June,all,The Universe,"Neat little game but way overpriced, few combat options, the classics from 20 years ago like settlers 3 and AoeII were much better at doing pretty much the same"
,Recommended,466560,30224624,Posted: 27 February,all,roboyasa,this is like the one game this year that didn't trigger my buyer's remorse
,Recommended,466560,30215861,Posted: 27 February,all,Raptorz,"Really good game, can't wait for new content!"
76561198069747521,Not Recommended,466560,30130409,Posted: 23 February,all,KingKell,"It took me all of 77 minutes to play and grow very bored of this game. I really really wanted to like this game, I even put it on my wishlist before it was released and unfortunately it was nearly as exciting as the video showed. First off I love RTS (Warcraft 2 / SC2) games and I also enjoy managment games (Banished) and thought this would hit the sweet spot of both, unfortunately it didn't.Northgard isn't bad by any means it just is very limited and maybe that is due to early access. The fact that the workers/villagers just auto-work takes away some of the freedom and micromanagement away. Each area of land/tiles can only have so many buildings on it, so in a way it makes you decision process tedious. All the factions are different perks but yet they all build the same buildings much like CIV.  I guess this game doesn't quinch my thurst. I think overall it's a beautiful game and has some cool aspects, and it is vikings afterall, but the price just isn't worth it.Wait for a steam sale and also wait for multiplayer before buying.6.5/10"
,Recommended,466560,30523615,Posted: 15 March,all,Raoska,"+ Gameplay+ Intuitive+ Art Style+ At a playable state, free of bugs- Needs more factions, content- No tutorial- No multiplayer as of yet- More military units would be nice"
,Recommended,466560,33117813,Posted: 1 July,all,TumedSm,"A very good mix of the Civilization Genre, but getting rid of turns and making more like Age of Empires!  It's a fantastic well put together game, and its still only in Early Access!!!  I have very high hopes for this game, and I wanna play it with all my friends in the future! <3"
76561198035861990,Recommended,466560,32983072,Posted: 29 June,all,CrazY-JoE,makes a lot of funez to play
76561198026731980,Recommended,466560,33209003,Posted: 3 July,all,strickland1234,Great game and concept. Only problem is the Wolf clan is sooooo overpowered with the berserker. I get hes a berserker and can do massive damage but when the berserker that has no armor but pants has the same HP as the warchief that has full armor and a shield. Thats kinda overpowered. Whats the point in going other clans when you can just get the best troop that beats everything by himself. Two swings and every troop is dead pretty much. Reduce the health of him to make it more balanced.
,Recommended,466560,32241611,Posted: 7 June,all,o4zloiroman,"Enthralling combination of Settlers and classic Warcraft. Dominate uncharted lands with one of a handful of Viking clans, each with their own quirks and specialities. Very active online community."
76561198042025534,Recommended,466560,33052706,Posted: 30 June,all,BLOODRAGE,"Kinda remind me of an old rts ""Cultures: Discovery of Vinland"" with simplified gameplay (and some nice features), must-have for anyone who enjoys settlers-like games."
,Recommended,466560,32160720,Posted: 3 June,all,[NAC] Roane112,"Does not feel like Early Access!! Very smooth, very pretty. Cannot wait for further patches/content.If I could only reccomend one game on Steam, this would be it.Age of Emprires/Empire Earth meats Settlers of Catan.If you enjoyed Age of Empires, Empire Earth, or Banished this is a must have!!10/10"
76561198083678888,Recommended,466560,33216741,Posted: 3 July,all,NeighborOfTheBeast,"I generally avoid early access games but this game caught my attention and it was hard to say no when it went on sale. I wish I had purchased it sooner. I have been playing every day with friends after work and we all love it. I have not run into a single bug yet. I would say it needs a little polishing (mostly balancing), but overall a solid, enjoyable game."
,Recommended,466560,32285391,Posted: 9 June,all,kAMikaZA,"At first I was playing this game on the low.Then I got addicted to it and kept following the development blogs.It was settled, gonna buy it on multiplayer release.I did.Whatever time I have as played is 100% multiplayer.I love it.Before posting this review I read all the negative ones.They mostly complained about this game not being what they want it to be.That's not what makes a game bad.This game is awesome.Buy it."
,Recommended,466560,32267367,Posted: 8 June,all,「Ｖｉｅｔ」ＲａｙＬｅｅＭｅｎｔａｌ,Very good and short game. Gives me all they I like from a city builder in games that only last an hour or two
,Recommended,466560,32208859,Posted: 5 June,all,GBL,"The game is amazing. If you want to have a good time surrounded by the sons of Odin and to feel the breath of Hel, then this game is what you need.Den herlighed, af guderne!"
,Recommended,466560,32155413,Posted: 3 June,all,DanO,"good mix of RTS, city building, and competition between rival Viking Clans. Also, you get to play the roll of Viking Berserkers and Settlers... Who doesn't want to get into that???"
76561198117332250,Recommended,466560,32245282,Posted: 7 June,all,a very angry African American,Hello veryone this is my reviwe for this game.Downs:IT has a bug which causes your game to crash and say low memory even do i have 16 gb of ram. Fix this and you ll be my heroes.UP;-fun gameplay-good mechanics-easy to pick up-hard to master-beautiful graphics-nice music-accurate-challenging-multiplayers-the clans are unic and differentNeeds to be added:-save multiplayer games(they take long so we need more time to play)-bigger maps-healers need fixing they are not so exiting and dont contribute much#-more military units make it a bit more battle focused-the rest is up to you guys!All in all this game if fun and exiting for all.Buy if you havent.
,Recommended,466560,32154481,Posted: 3 June,all,Phalanxx94,"Overall a fresh new take on RTS with a mix of tile management added in. Content might be a bit low at the moment, but with the addition of multiplayer it will definitely have some prolonged playability. Also the devs seem to consitently be hard at work bringing new content quickly and take into consideration the feedback of the community."
,Recommended,466560,32343063,Posted: 11 June,all,Panda,"Absolutely incredible RTS game, and one of the best early access games I've ever played. Fun micro management of your base combined with constant expansion and fighting both the enemy players and NPC wolves etc. makes it one of the best RTS games I've played! Can't wait to see what future updates brings. 10/10"
76561198040793077,Recommended,466560,32145012,Posted: 2 June,all,The Hero,"Early access means nothing here, it's fleshed out and complete enough to be a full game well worth the small price.With so many victory conditions and facets of the game to consider all at once, there's tension from the early game right to the end. No time to sit back and feel smug that you've already won because between the natural disasters and winter and enemy raids, you have to stay on your toes or you'll lose half your population. While there's no tutorial yet, the UI is well presented and all the information you need is available in an easy-to-find way such that you only need to play one game to get a strong grip on the mechanics.Fantastic game, cannot recommend it enough, I'm super keen to see what more magic Shiro Games will bring to the table."
,Recommended,466560,32279763,Posted: 8 June,all,[RIP] Shovely Joe,"Northgard is a great RTS game. If you like a slowpaced decision making game. It's easy to learn, but hard to master.I've mostly played mulltiplayer and I think it's a great experience so far, except for a few crashes (that should be fixed now) and a lot of afk's and leavers.its a good mix of makro'ing your land and villagers, and microing soldiers around when fightingSome kind of ranking or so would be great so you got paired with people of your skill level. So far im winning about 95% of my games. Right now the game is pretty unbalanced when playing some clans (Raven).the game has a lot of potential and my hopes are high since we are still in alpha!"
76561198009254497,Recommended,466560,33807827,Posted: 26 July,all,loksunl,"quite fun as a early access RTS , but need more mechanism to spice things up  (we need more way to get villagers!)and some QOL  changes to help player focus on the managing side of the game.(like make a closest villagers to take care of the building site) .looking forward for more updates"
,Recommended,466560,32338919,Posted: 11 June,all,☠ Acute Mania ☠,"Here we have a Hybrid Gem between RTS and The Settlers with micromanaging units across multiple zones that need to be colonizes and connected with one another.I will keep it plain and simple ( and updated ) and just list couple of Pro's and Con's.Pro'sCon'sEasy to learn Hard to MasterWolf clan still has upper handVillagers being default unit that can be assigned any proffesionIt can be tedious to click on a specific unit during large battlesInteresting Map specific Objectives which allow you to win the gameIt can be placed closer in favor to the enemy or vice-versaOfcourse the biggest pro's so far ( for me )  is the addition of Multiplayer, which extends the play time.There is also a Campaign being planned but everything in due time.Developers are active and responding to community feedback with updates, fixes and patches.I would fully recommend this game at this stage of EA due to the polish and optimization."
,Recommended,466560,30221101,Posted: 27 February,all,Anoobis,Was playing.Saw swamp achievement.No onion. No ogre.0/10 Best game ever.
76561198052392305,Recommended,466560,30458807,Posted: 11 March,all,Lead Farmer,"This game is delightful. I'm a big fan of strategy games and I like Northgard for it's accessability, and variety of maps and victory conditions. I think the biggest strength is the map design. The world is divided into zones such that they have a particular number of resources and finite building room. There are probably other games that do that but I can't think of any.This creates a tangible urgency to super good zones and requires forethought as to what you will build with your limited structures which is where most of the strategy lies. Additionally, there are neutral threats in the land which I love. Some you can destroy for fame or to win, others you can befriend through trade. But they're always relevant to the game since you can't control their land without dealing with them.I really like this game, I think you'd be well within your right to say it's easy, but maybe that's because I've been playing Paradox games for years. But I like a low key strategy game. Can't wait to see how it develops."
76561198009073866,Recommended,466560,33398519,Posted: 9 July,all,Gesh86,"Northgard is the first Early Access title I ever bought. I usually shy away from anything with this tag, as there are many examples where it's being used to sell the promise of a game when what you have would often only qualify as a demo. A very expensive demo.The reason I did get it is because videos showed me Northgard is no such bad example. There's already enough game here to justify the pricetag.The game itself is an RTS equally focused on economy/survival and combat. It's a genre I rarely peek into (I prefer turn-based 4X), so I can't say how well it holds up to established standards, but my casual expectations were met. There are many decisions to be made as your Viking tribe works its way up, and they don't just have to be smart, they must be smart under pressure (there's no real pausing, pausing greys out the screen in singleplayer). The fact that winter makes survival harder and that some winters will be extra harsh keeps the game exciting even if you didn't take the approach of besieging your opponents. The aggression-centered Wolf Clan Fenrir is still my favourite pick :).Matches in this game by the way last ~90 minutes, then someone (hopefully you) will fulfil a victory condition. It's just about the time when your upgraded buildings/units and wisdom perks start adding up so much that your ressources will overflow for the first time. In short: Exhibition matches don't become overbloated, they're short and sweet.I can't say anything about multiplayer at the moment, how stable it is and such, as I tend to stay away from random match-ups. A friend of mine got the game recently, so maybe I'll try it soon.There's a campaign mode planned for the future, another positive: Being transparent of why it's Early Access and what's still coming. It may be great, it may end up being a little phoned in? Whatever the case, I got some fun hours already and I'm looking forward to going back to the game when there's more content."
,Recommended,466560,33894022,Posted: 29 July,all,Scott,"A very fun Age of Empires / Banished like game that won't break the bank. Not a lot of options when it comes to building at the moment, but the games do get tense. Proper resource management and strategy will still be the key to victory."
,Recommended,466560,33787282,Posted: 25 July,all,Grifdog96,"Honestly if you enjoy RTS games with a little bit of survival aspect thrown in youll like this, Altho....Northguard is waay more than just that, the features in the game are amazing....Pros:  * With lots of clans to chose from that are each unique with special buffs and tree leveling up paths.*Playstyle is very fun and challenging at times.*Graphics actually arnt bad for the the cartoon type looking game. weather effects and zoomin all looks beatiful.*Combat system is actually pretty fun so far, you have more than just one warrior to chose from so it adds more of a variety of how you want to approach.Cons*A little hard at first with lacking a tutorial (has tips i think) but once you get the hang of it loads of fun*No rotate camera sadly :( :(*cant think of much really, ill update."
,Recommended,466560,30437833,Posted: 10 March,all,JaseMourne,"One of the most polished and playable ""builder"" games in a long time. When I saw the trailer some time ago, it immediately caught my attention thanks to the cute art style. Fortunately, the game plays just as good as it looks! Very enjoyable, replayable, and nice to look at.It has simple mechanics, so you can quickly get into it, but also the necessary depth to keep you interested in a longer run. Every match is different thanks to randomly generated maps. The devs are wasting no time, updating the game on a regular basis (weekly), and they are listening to player feedback!Looking forward to where this game goes in the coming months!"
,Recommended,466560,33734530,Posted: 22 July,all,Jakencutt55,"At first I wasn't so sure about Northgard, I saw it was a City Builder and I liked Civilization 5, so I gave it a shot. And Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it was fun! If you've played Civilization, you'll most likely like Northgard. It's basically Civ in the time of the Vikings with Fantasy. Except you don't build cities. you use food to grow your territory. There are 4 clans (Kinda like Civilizations in Civ) who each are unique in thier own way. Wolf, Stag, Goat, and Raven. Apparently here will be more later! You can choose from 3 map sizes and can have up to 6 players (AI and/or online mutiplayer).Pros:-Good soundtrack-Good Graphics-Some replayability-Online MultiplayerCons:-No tutorial (But it is easy to learn)-No Minecraft CreepersAlso, the devs said a Campain is coming soon, I have high hopes."
,Recommended,466560,33906163,Posted: 30 July,all,xxDFBxx,Awesome game
76561197995329323,Recommended,466560,34036419,Posted: 5 August,all,MaxBolter,"Northgard - an inspiring Real Time Strategy GameNote: This review is for version 0.2.5549-betaUsually, I split my reviews on Steam in two parts: In the first part I explain what I do like on the particular game and in the second one what I don't like. But this game isn't finished yet so the second part will be proposals and suggestions forNorthgardand how the game could be improved.So, first, I really likeNorthgard, it is a very unique real time strategy game. I think it could be described as a mixture of ""The Settlers"", ""Anno"", ""Banished"" and ""Age of Empires"". The game is unique, because it takes many ideas of existing games, but the feeling it creats is absolutly special. I don't know a single game that ""feels"" likeNorthgard.In the game, you play as the chief of a Viking clan, who have just landed on the 'Island of Northgard'. The setting of this island is quite particular: Nordic mythological island, crowded with monsters but also with the opportunity for a new settlement area and hidden treasures. The island is sectioned in many territories, the very most territories have some sort of speciality, like a forest for logging, a lake for fishing, fertile land for farms, hunting grounds, ancient ruins for trasures and knowledge and also dens and caves with brutal animals and monsters. The key is to conquer and settle these territories to use them for your clan, but this is not easy. You have to support your people with food, housing and don't forget to keep them happy! Enemies of your conquest are not only the monsters, but first of all the harsh climate and, last but not least, the other clans on the island. The game is about managing your ressources, defend your territories and try to expand as fast as possible - which is very often quite stressful but fun.Northgardis much faster than ""The Settlers"" and much more violent but they have much in common, for example the ressource management. The game also reminds me of ""Anno"" because of the many territories you occupy for the materials you can find there - but in the case ofNorthgard, these game is not playing on islands, it is a single island. And the different seasons and their impact on you food production and consumption is a little bit like in ""Banished"". But you can play the game quite aggressive if you like, that is why i see some connections to classical RTS games, like ""Age of Empires"".This is whatNorthgardis like for me, if you're interested in the game, please enjoy some gameplay videos on Youtube, they have confirmed my purchase decision.At this point, I want to talk about the suggestions and proposals I would like to communicate to the developers.Diplomacy: I really miss in the game some sort of diplomacy options. Trading with other players or bots is quite boring at the moment. And you can be attacked by someone just out of the blue. I would love to see a diplomacy menu were you can negotiate trade or peace agreements or maybe even alliances, like in other RTS games. I don't think that would make the game less dynamic or so.Clan Units: First of all, I love the just released Panzerbär! It is a very cool unit and it really gives the clan of the bear a great feature! And that is what I wish for the other clans too. I think every clan should have a special unit that fit its unique culture.Empty Territories: When you conquer a wolf cave or a draugr dungeon, the territory is mostly empty and a little useless. What is a pity because you have invested food into it and now it's at best just building area. And it's the same problem with the looted ruins. I would like to have the opportunity to do something with the ruins, dungeons and caves. Even if its only some sort of fame generating shrine or so. I just don't like these empty territories.Neutral Creatures: The Jötunn are a great addition to the game but i would like to see some more neutral factions, for example a Dwarf Mine or a Elven Forest or so. Both are mythical creatures form the nordic world and would toally fit into the setting.Map Size: The largest map is way to small for six players, especially when you would like to play the game a little more relaxed. I think the game needs an additional map size, extra large for example.Map Shape: I have to admit, that the last update made the generated map much more challenging and interesting and I really appreciate that! But in general, the map shape is still a little roundish and boring. The island should be more broken up by the storms and the sea, with more bays and small peninsulas. That is what I have in mind.All in all,Northgardis a great game and I have absolutly enjoyed the time playing it. It is great the the developers are continuously improving and expanding the game. It is really not like in other early access games.Thank you Shiro Games for this great RTS game!"
76561198010745468,Recommended,466560,34066642,Posted: 6 August,all,thrensing,Awesome little strat game. Reminds me of an easy to digest real time civ game. Loved it!
76561198090642401,Recommended,466560,32197105,Posted: 5 June,all,HanzKlein,Only in Early Access and already its good enough for a full game. When more is added it will be even better :)
76561197976312757,Recommended,466560,32196084,Posted: 5 June,all,Destyre,"Let's sort some misconceptions out:If you are expecting a Viking themed Age of Empires, you may be disappointed. This game is an entirely different animal.You pick one of the factions but have the same units and buildings, ultimately: it's like Civ in that regard, where the only real difference is the racial bonuses. When you start, you are on a tiny map and must first explore before you are able to move out, and move out you will need to, since you can only build 2, 3 or sometimes if you are very lucky, 4 buildings per ""area"".This game has more in common with survival games than it does RTS games. You have to produce enough food, chop enough wood and make your citizens happy or they start to drop dead from starvation and disease; something which you are at greater risk from during winter if you haven't managed to stockpile enough resources. Your army is also never going to be huge due to an enormous cap on units (you'll only ever be able to make 2-3 of each unit type with upgrades, too). This becomes quite an issue as you are under constant attack and as you can imagine, spreading your territory so wide as you simply must do, it becomes hard to defend your territory.The game is wonderfully presented, has pleasant graphics, good sounds and is generally well made. Still, I'm not quite sure it's for me. It's a survival game in RTS clothing for sure, and it does what it wants to do well.It gets a thumbs up from me, despite the fact I don't think it's my cup of tea. Definitely watch some let's plays if you are unsure..."
,Recommended,466560,33148071,Posted: 2 July,all,NaibChang,"Northgard's logic: Wolves attack your defense tower, tower starts to burn. Defense tower is on fire better use this totally flammable wood to repair it and put out the fire. Fish only swims on a section of the lake instead of the whole lake.Still pretty good solid simple rts game. WINTER IS COMING!"
,Recommended,466560,33200547,Posted: 3 July,all,laurin,"[First Impression]Wow! Amazing! I found this game during the steam summer sale & stuck watching the trailer because of how atmospheric it was. The artwork of this game is truely beautiful.Why did I buy the game though? Well, because it looked a lot like a mix of my favorite childhood games (e.g. The Settlers II, Stronghold Ledgends, Warcraft III).So after a few hours of trying to master the quests of this game in singleplayer vs 2 bots, I got to admit that I am in love with this game! But I'd like to mention a few things:- No Introduction, no tutorialThis caught me offguard,because:- The game has averyfast paceI remember playing the Settlers or Stronghold for hours, while after 5 minutes of playing Northguard the ""enemy"" bots (On easy difficulty!) started to achieve their first ""victory points""..Some things I realized while playing:- I'd love to be able to build more buildings on lotsI do realize that there is a limitation for a reason & one can upgrade lots, but for me - planning and structuring cities is fun, and I'd like to be free in doing so. Maybe add more upgrades to bigger areas or the ""home lot""?- There's got to be a way to get more ressourcesI started off in a map, where I wasn't able to get stone until the late endgame really, which bothered me, because I wasn't able to upgrade anything unless I bought ressources - which is expensive because Kröwns are only to be obtained by building markets or trading posts (which I found out about waaay to late)Other than that: Why are farms limited to certain lots? I realize that there are hunters, fishers & sheep farms, but I'd like to be able to build farmland in more places (since food is a gamechanger in this game)- Lots get way too expensive late in gameI spent ""hours"" waiting for my chance to buy more land & when my time came, winter came..- I'd love to see ways tosellressources!I had such an overload of wood & so much food during summers - yet, I had no Kröwns or stone.. The markets or ports would be ideal in my opinion. Options to sell certain ressources for a set price of other ressources for example.And: More trading partners! Like after building a port, maybe give the option to trade with foreign powers (or ""at home"", for the sake of the story)- MINESSoo: Different kind of mines would be awesome. And while at it: They expire way to quickly. Maybe make them work faster while supplies (food/wood/happiness) are great, but let them work slower in winters or while supplies are bad, so that overall they are able obtain more ressources in a longer period of time- Repairing of ""burning houses"" takes normal citizensWhy not let the ones working in or around the place repair it? I feel like it takes way too long for me to make the guys working in the burning house run back to the city hall to become a citizen again, just to repair it.. (with bigger terretorries especially)- Smarter citizens(?!)Sometimes it just feels like they could be smarter. When there's a place that needs someone to build it, why not have someone automatically run towards it? Or towards burning houses?- Kill enemy spiesSo I don't know if this is a common known thing, but I can't kill enemy spies when they're discovering my lots- Healers are jobless when there's no one to be healedIt just seems to annoy me, that they come up in the ""jobless popup"" above the builing options. Why not let them stay on hold?- More UpgradesWhy not let people upgrade the city halls more often? And with advanced evolution add more buildings or other advantages maybe?- The change between winter & summer nearly kills my game a lot of the timesI don't know if thats just for me, but my game freezes for a couple of seconds when winter / summer arrivesBut the thing that probably stuck in my head for the longest time now is the pace of the game. I'd love to play longer games with advanced infrastructure. Other than that, I really got to admit - for an alpha game, this is a beast!I simply can't believe how much potential there is for this game! The game just has to get more in depth with infrastructure for example. I feel like this could become a game where even singleplayer will be fun for hours, just watching your civilization grow - fighting unknown creatures and / or enemies.I had & will have a lot of fun playing this and might have missed out on some stuff or didn't get some things already in the game. Let me know please! After all, these were my thoughts after playing Northguard for the very first time :)"
76561198009299919,Recommended,466560,32875049,Posted: 27 June,all,kleptomaniac,"Funny Game, but still needs a lot more content."
,Recommended,466560,33192792,Posted: 3 July,all,Million Ants,Nice game lik AOE but its vikings so take my money
76561198004058440,Recommended,466560,32859033,Posted: 27 June,all,[UnReal] Sathuros,"I grew up with Age of Empires 1, 2 and 3, Settlers I, II, III, IV (IV became perfect and the rest made no sense).Since Settlers IV I had only dreams to explore something similar or even a remastered version of that masterpiece and I think this pretty much sums this up.Northgard has gathered several key elemtens and implemented them in a balanced world were design meets functionality. The variety of the tribes is somewhat imbalanced for the moment (Wolf-clan's perk that makes new villagers 30% faster is way too op in multiplayer).After a couple of matches to test different tactics and higher amount of enemies (A.I, since I've ony tried 1 online so far)I find this game highly enjoyable and I can feel there could be lots of content to be added in future such as raiding other civilisations but that would just make it more like Settlers (When I compare to my absolute favorite game all-time it's a very big Good job!)The learning curve is very simple and the deeper you go the more plans and tactic you need. Enjoy! :)I will definitly recommend this game and I will follow every update with keen eye.Oh, I must say this might be the very first Early-Access RTS were the villagers/healers/soldiers are  actually working 100% correct!"
,Recommended,466560,33212216,Posted: 3 July,all,BadDecisionsAlex,just finished my first few games and I'm loving it. Takes me right back to the Age of Empires days with fresh graphics!
76561198212341699,Recommended,466560,33156364,Posted: 2 July,all,POOLSHARK,"Prepare for time incentivised victories on a different strategic level, were winning isnt just based on destroying the other teams, but by various ways either through fame, starvation, wisdom, trade, land domination, finding God structures/runes and or just wiping the opposing enemies if you choose to make them your enemy to begin with, all whilst well timed resource stock ups before winter hits and or other plagues that riddle each map. The game devs constantly add new features and items along with very quick responses to fixes needed and or bugs tp patch. A truely fresh spin on RTS without straying too far from the classsic formula. Plays more like a boardgame than anything."
,Recommended,466560,33182489,Posted: 3 July,all,-_-,Relaxing and fun game.... That's All Folks!
,Recommended,466560,33741085,Posted: 23 July,all,ice187dna,"When Banished meets CIV, you get Northgard.  The game feels polished and the UI is easy to understand. I think it has much potential and will continue to develop. There are a few bugs here and there but it's a fun game to play with friends or single player.  From playing other Early Access Games this one is well developed at the current state it's in.The map size could be made larger and perhaps more Islands so that you can jump in your Viking boat and travel to new lands. There are four clans to choose from to start and with different ways of winning the game. I first played this at my LAN with a friend and we had a great time. We teamed up against several AI and had a blast.Overall, I'd say get it and have fun with the Vikings. Waiting for full release will bump up the price so if you are willing to pay £14.99 (as of July 2017) then get it now. Build your base, make your Viking clan grow, fight enemies and trade. Mine for resources and protect your land. I have only played as clan of the Stag and will need to play the other clans. Get the game and have fun."
76561198091033224,Recommended,466560,33695546,Posted: 21 July,all,(•̀ω•́)✧...おはよ,"Viking style strategy game The game is still in development, but it has come out interesting. There are four teams now, each with different skills. And I hope in the future when the development is complete. Games should be fun.7/10"
76561198072910549,Recommended,466560,33789709,Posted: 25 July,all,Zephorian,"Fun game! It's a bit of a mix between Civ and Age of EmpiresIt's pretty interesting how you transform your villagers in different professions. Winter being a thing that reduces your food income is pretty neat as well. I also like the art style a lot. There are also some random events. I love those and I hope more get added in the future.Main downside: your rivals can attack you at any time, for no reason at all. I was having a nice game, just building. Suddenly 2 rivals started attacking me at the same time, for no reason. No warning at all. Just random.So I hope that gets changed a bit. For the rest this is a really nice game.I'd give it 6.5/10 as it is now, but it has a lot of potential, so I hope I can give it a 9/10 in the future."
,Recommended,466560,33836503,Posted: 27 July,all,Lopo,"A very nice mix of Civilization and Age of Empires. Enganging, fun, challenging."
76561198041909386,Recommended,466560,34548224,Posted: 28 August,all,Ragnar Hawke,"Would highly recommended for any lover of Real-time-strategy and history/mythology, plus you age of empires veterans! Reminds me of the early settlers series too. In fact I would call it a AOE/Settlers cross over, very well done! I'm Sure King Ragnar would be pleased :)."
,Recommended,466560,33783517,Posted: 25 July,all,Eremita Silvano,"For so long iv'e been looking for a game based on norse mythology that was not too silly or a boring turn based game.This one here is somehow a reincarnation of age of empires strategic with rpgs elements style games, with even more features.Can't wait for the campaign and future updates.Skal!"
76561198115889133,Not Recommended,466560,32404517,Posted: 13 June,all,VoCaLoIDz,"I've been waiting for a great title of ancient-medieval base-building RTS since the era of Empire Dawn of The Modern World, Empire Earth II, Stronghold Crusader 2, and Battle Realms. Northgard delivers nice visual and heart-warming for viking theme. Its population system is pretty much like Battle Realms where each peasant is generated from the hut and trained to become warrior, loremaster etc. Nevertheless, the game could not satisfy and surprise me in several aspects:Faction:The faction variation is not very well-designed as the buildings and unit rosters for each faction are exactly the same (except for color and few special alteration). Hence, the gameplay becomes repetitive very quickly in this termThe dev should add additional types of buildings and units (e.g. cavalry,  including their patterns & functions in order to create more varied play-styles.Maps:The map is not literally free-to-build, but it's tile-based that limits the amount of buildings on each tile (Like Empire Earth & Age of Empire) in which the limitation is very frustrating (2-5 buildings per tile due to its size). Most tiles possess special resources like iron, fertile land, runestone etc., in which some might enable you to explore to gain extra materials or build special building to exploit particular resource, but it's still inadequate.The map is also randomly generated (not quite sure) and there will be one unique tile that could lead you to the end-game (if you enable map victory) when you conquer on it. There are certain numbers of the unique tile with different victory objective. Nonetheless, the condition, in which units couldn't trespass unexplored area or disconnected path among each tile, is too limited so we cannot extend the possibilities of desirable actions.Game speed & scale:There should be a setting in which people could adjust the game speed because I think the time runs too fast for me to observe and admire in-game surrounding (Iike CIV in real-time where AI is always expanding).The scale of the battle is also too small because in normal difficulty, I could wipe one faction with seven tiles out by deploying only 4 units and 1 special units, which make no sense at all. Moreover, due to the structure limitation, there is no wall or types of defense system (e.g. watchtower, fort, barricade, trap, etc.) that could strengthen the territory.Other minor complaints:- Some clans' benefits is much worse, compared with others- No map creation/editor settings- Tech tree is too small- There are only 2 resources wood & stone is required to build structures.- There are only 3 types of military units - warrior, axe-thrower, shield-bearer (excluding unique special units)- Food is scarce, can't fishing and farming anywhere, unless you control a particular tile that possesses each special resources (fresh lake & fertile land), can't farming on the grassland & can't fishing along the sea shore, seriously?In conclusion, I perceive that the game is the combination of various title, still, it's more like banished with fewer survival features, but replaces with exploration and combat system, which both of them is flawed. Thus, since the game is still in the early access, should be waiting and observing changes & update might be a better idea to see which direction does the dev gonna go forward."
76561198058894316,Recommended,466560,32103065,Posted: 1 June,all,Tsunami,"Fun Game, similarites to civ and aoeDevs put ALOT of work into, (mulitplayer also got released just now)"
76561197984715407,Recommended,466560,33110021,Posted: 1 July,all,GKWarren,"Short: It's fun, pretty, and pretty varied. Gamers who like really long, deep games might be turned off, but if you want reasonably short sessions and a fun mix of caring for your village while expanding and conquering other clans, this is worht getting even in early access form.I'd definitely recommend this. I really liked Banished and taking care of my little village through harsh winters, famines, and the growing pains of my village. This is similar, but with added combat and research/tech-tree mechanics. I find that I enjoy the game a lot in its present state, and I'm impatient (excited) for the developers to flesh it out. (Since I got it they have indeed been adding features at a reasonable pace.) It's a lot shallower than something like Civilizaiton or Total War, but I actually prefer a game where I can have a 1-2 hour session where I go from growing my vilage's little nucleus to conquering the map. (Or getting a different victory. Or having everyone starve before another clan smashes me.)I really like the visual style of the game. (Though I think I'd enjoy it even more if the different clans had more distinctive looks.) I also really like the music. I like that there are many different victory conditions to choose from. I kind of wish there were a way to turn the speed up a bit or play some even shorter sessions, but as-is, the little 1-hour-ish sessions are still reasonable. The various clans differ enough to be worth switching between, and I feel recent updates have made them more distinctive from one another in terms of the playing experience."
76561198023166671,Not Recommended,466560,33800029,Posted: 25 July,all,suzanimated,"There's just not a whole lot to the game yet. Completeing a level feels like a chore instead of fun, and repetetive rather that interesting. It's hard to figure out how to do somethings. More than anything else, I feel like the price tag is too high. It's a $10 game at best."
,Not Recommended,466560,30327639,Posted: 4 March,all,Darkenmal,"TLDR Review: Baby's first Age of Empires mixed in with a dumbed down version of Settlers. Vikings are always cool and the fantasy elements are well implemented, but a dearth of content and some questionable decisions (why can I only build 2-3 buildings in each cordoned off area?) make this is a game that you should wait for. It's just a FFA of up to three other AI's at this point, which for anyone even half-decent at RTS titles is a cakewalk even at the hardest difficulty.Wait 2-3 months and then come back. It's what I'm going to do."
,Recommended,466560,30149772,Posted: 24 February,all,Jedasd,"Really fun and relaxing game. Nice atmosphere, nice visuals, nice soundtrack. I really like it so far. It has its downsides but for its price its really good.But I can see the game getting stale in a short period of time because of the lack of depth compared to similar games.  There are a few additions that could be made to change this game from good to perfect in my opinion(and according to other players too judging from the reviews).-New units to add variety, especially ranged ones.-A bigger map. Random enemies and camps on the map are good enough but if we get bigger maps new types of enemies and other neutral factions like the giants will be a really nice addition.-Bigger differences between the clans would be nice too instead of different modifiers and starting resources.-New buildings that we can build would be nice too.But as I said, even without these the game is perfectly playable and really smooth for a early-access game."
,Recommended,466560,30191867,Posted: 26 February,all,Banzin,"I bought it 2 days ago and already +12hrs in, that should count for something lol"
76561198042417299,Recommended,466560,30230250,Posted: 27 February,all,Skyrian Lord,"Northgard is a game that shows an incredible amount of promise. All of the basic mechanics are in place and work well. I have played and won six games with six different victory conditions on normal difficulty. Each match had its own challenges from lack of food sources nearby to simply being surrounded by the AI. They were all fun to play and I will probably play another match after I finish this review. If you enjoy games like the Civilizations series, Age of Empires, and settlement/colony builders you will find something to love in this beautiful game. My only ""complaint"" marked in quotes for a reason is a lack of variety in combat and random events. Combat is currently missing ranged units which I think could be fun, and the random events while threatening the first few times don't cause much concern once you know how to handle them. A larger number of possible events and a greater amount of variance within each event would make them continue to be a threat to those who don't pay more attention. My last thought while I'm sharing my thoughts would be a choice in map size and more AI would be nice. Once again just to allow for a greater ability for customization. I would just like to emphasize at the end that the game is in beta and the game shows signs of more to come as early as the main menu. I would recommend this game to anyone."
76561197988787464,Not Recommended,466560,33162871,Posted: 2 July,all,Hematic,"There is a serious lack of progression, very limited buildings and unit types. The game feels extremely shallow at the moment, but has promise. I would hold off for now."
76561198063878961,Recommended,466560,31584058,Posted: 6 May,all,ExactChaos,"After spending a bit of time with 'Northgard' I have put together my 'opinionated facts' about the game and the expansion.For the full video review:https://youtu.be/9EfFvM-QSI0For gameplay video:https://youtu.be/eIiQh6t13dg..and the verdict is. I recommend this game for those of you who like fast paced tactical strategy games.While it does not quite have the depth I expected, it is not 'banished' with battles or settlers, the depth will hopefully be improved as the game develops.It does have a nice place as a quick tactical game with a lot of challenge in resource management, and will likely be very well suited for multiplayer once it has been developed. The only game mode available at the moment is the singe player skirmish mode."
,Not Recommended,466560,32787101,Posted: 25 June,all,Starsprout,"A one trick pony. Give it a few playthroughs and you know the game's winning strategies really well and this lack of variety and content unfortunately leads me to not recommend this game.The depth of strategic possibilities are quite shallow and the game is simply frustrating in it's monotonous mid and late game.Keep an eye on it, but don't buy it while it's in Early Access."
76561197971705191,Not Recommended,466560,30325278,Posted: 4 March,all,Xaw,"Refunded. At current state game is way too simple, clunky with controls and lacks large amount of content. Might buy it again from sales, as it looks nice and has potential. Made domination victory in normal difficulty at first try. Played 2 hours and I was actively playing about 1h at most. AI didnt really provide challenge and attacking itself was quite simple rushing. Also most of map was ""empty"" or served no purpose after a while (cutting stones/iron takes only a short moment and then it runs out). It was annoying to scroll through large land and ""repair"" buildings if they took any damage from attacks or from random earthquake events. Burning buildings just go boof if I didnt find building in time to repair it. Don't really feel like trying other victory modes just yet as it doesnt actually make anything different.When mp comes and story modes etc, I'm sure things will change and then this game is worth money. But just now... too expensive for what it provides."
,Recommended,466560,30403522,Posted: 8 March,all,KauaiBoy,"Fun game, worth buying if, like me, you love city builder RTS style games.  However, it took me about 2 hours to beat my first map, and I am left wanting a lot more of everything.  More buildings, more units, more upgrades, etc.  I am happy to support the game, and I look forward to seeing/finding a roadmap to see what is coming next.However, if you are not a huge fan of city builder RTS games, then hold off buying his game and see what gets patched in with future game patches.Here's hoping it is great.Happy gaming."
76561198000841042,Recommended,466560,30222398,Posted: 27 February,all,Bubba,"This game is probably going to be great, though it needs some work at the moment. Looking forward to trying it when it is complete."
76561198132432893,Recommended,466560,30495662,Posted: 13 March,all,Dodgingss,10//10 would spend 2 hours playing just to lose again.
76561198024048308,Recommended,466560,30207726,Posted: 26 February,all,Grayknight,"Excellent start. A lot of potential, and a fun take on RTS. A bit limited on content, but it's just been released in alpha. Art is nice.One playthrough (I lost) took about an hour and a half, but I could see that extended or shortened depending on playstyle. Looking forward to watching this game develop."
76561197970413507,Recommended,466560,30898469,Posted: 2 April,all,cbirdsan,"I must say this is a very nice little game and it doesn't feel like an early access game at all. It brings back memories from Settlers back when it was good, and to some extent even Age of Mythology.For this price you get alot of fun and game!"
76561198011668467,Recommended,466560,31607311,Posted: 7 May,all,Welsh_Walkers,"A brilliantly designed, yet simple real time strategy.A call back to the old Settler games.Would recommend."
76561198080152379,Recommended,466560,32014527,Posted: 28 May,all,Char,Quite fun and definitely a fresh game to play. Good time-killing game as well.
,Recommended,466560,31862404,Posted: 20 May,all,[G]Llew,"Really good, can't wait for more !"
,Recommended,466560,32302307,Posted: 9 June,all,lol,good
,Recommended,466560,32284669,Posted: 8 June,all,|SacK| Holzi,This game is similar to the settlers and even tho it's an Early Access game it's running fine on my win7 64bit rig built in  2008. No crashes as of yet.
76561198061573013,Recommended,466560,32126261,Posted: 2 June,all,CrumpledBreadLoaves,"I thoroughly enjoyed Northgard, though I've only played a small amount of time, the gameplay has been fun and challenging. Though, the first few games were discouraging with the steep learning curve the game has, after a while though, it progressively gets more and more natural to play. With simple graphics, and an amazing soundtrack (At least in my opinion) Northgard is a wonderful game to play. The game offers multiple different strategies and gameplay types, depending on what the player wants, and what is on the map. All in all, Northgard was an enjoyable experience, and I'm sure that future updates will make it even more so."
,Recommended,466560,32881294,Posted: 27 June,all,Jesusfreak afk a year,"I'm just here for the summer sale sticker cards, but I do like this game."
76561198000739380,Recommended,466560,32801484,Posted: 25 June,all,bgaither4=nCm=,"To the devs, you guys have the foundation of something really great here.  I got lost in this game and played it for hours the way I do with Total War and Civ games.  And I actually prefer the graphics and gameplay of what you've created here.  Although, I feel like I've had my fill of it.  There's so much potential here but I would like to see many more structures and several levels of upgrades on structures including visual upgrades rather than just the color changes.  This game is almost great and I feel like it could compete with major titles if you continue to expand the game."
76561198269064163,Recommended,466560,32913670,Posted: 27 June,all,Bandit,What a refreshing new game in the RTS genre! It's been a while since I've felt this engaged in a aoe/civ type game. Worth every penny.
76561198061584246,Recommended,466560,32886013,Posted: 27 June,all,Bokuja,"I bought your early acces game and I have to say this is really good, plays like a combination of Age of Empires and Settlers.What really gives the game its own spin is the winter survival mechanic, it changes the way you play.Just a few things for the dev team here:- Watchtowers feel underpowered, they go down way too fast, you might want to consider buffing them, espescially considering you can build only 1 per tile- Diplomacy would work well here, when you eventually get into a war, there is no way to bury the hatchet so to speak- Is there a possibilty to make it so you can move troops by ships and drop them on shore somewhere? Maybe special ability of a new Clan? Vikings where famous for their sea raids and it is kinda unfortunate that you cannot do it to an opponent.- I am missing archers in the mix if I am completely honest with youI very much hope that campaign is still coming, I would like to know more about the clans you play.Having said that, this is a great start"
76561198041018808,Recommended,466560,32543446,Posted: 18 June,all,Thor,This game bring back the nostalgia of good old strategy games.and get this...ALL OF THEM AT ONCE!10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,466560,32871576,Posted: 27 June,all,Zenos,"It's an awesome game.Still it's early Access you will notice some bugs, but still very polished. Some balance changes still needed!My wishes for the game:Warchief are extremly strong, too strong nerf them a little.If a building gets touched by an enemy it burns down UNTIL YOUR REPAIR IT.. WTF PLS!I feel like the crow clan is to weak early, or very hard to master.Towers are a little bit weak, maybe increase the cost and buff the DMG. I almost never use the shieldguys.Tradewin seems to be the easiest one.And pls, give us even bigger maps would be a fun option. 5 players on a big map feels crowdedGood points:Great SoundtrackGreat GameplayVERY STRATEGICFun, Fun! FUN!!Beautiful artstyleSo many options to win! ( Not just bash the enemy base)Multiplayer works perfect!Fun to play with, and against Friends."
76561198181698219,Recommended,466560,32444457,Posted: 15 June,all,Jorje,"Best Early Access Game i have ever playedSimilar to Age of Empires, Warcraft and a bit to civilization gamesVery easy to learn and very fun to play having a new style of RTS gamesVery well balanced with good single player and multiplayer gameplay"
,Recommended,466560,32231227,Posted: 6 June,all,MrMackeyMKayyy,"This game is gorgeous and a must have title for anyone who enjoys a mixture of gameplay from Age of Mythology & Civilization. Everything is very streamlined and easy to pick up on so no steep learning curve to learn when playing your first match. There is still much to be worked on in terms of content to keep this title alive in the long run, but so far it is looking very promising."
,Recommended,466560,32878893,Posted: 27 June,all,Neox,Best game i've played for a few months
76561198003262495,Recommended,466560,32892360,Posted: 27 June,all,sof,"A Norse-flavored RTS that has a lot of potential further on down the development line.At the time this review is posted, multi-player has been added into the game."
,Recommended,466560,32892622,Posted: 27 June,all,Bbraun2,"I am so happy i chose to buy this over civ 6, i wathced a few videos on civ, and was pretty dissapointed that it was so much money. one game lasted just under 2 hours, but it was fully entertaining, and intense the whole time. would highly recoomend to people who liked the civ franchise, but dont think they are worht the whole $60. Just do remember that it is in early access, and doesn't have too many choices like the civ games, but the devs are VERY obviously working hard to get it at a full release, and pushing out updates*cough cough* unlike day-z *cough cough*10/10 will take 2 strokes off a golf game (rick and morty reference)I did get this game on a discount on the summer sale 2017, but it was only 15% off."
,Recommended,466560,32245124,Posted: 7 June,all,SuorinGod420,I would definetly reccomend the game to anyone but I just wish there was more player vs. player action rather than just sit in your little area and become the best tarder or gain wisdom.
,Recommended,466560,32394458,Posted: 13 June,all,Chumlee,its neat
,Recommended,466560,32918054,Posted: 28 June,all,KEEVS,"If you like Civilization, Age of Empires, Sim City, Stronghold etc. then you will like this game. It has a moderate learning curve but once you get it down it's a pretty fun little game.The content is thin but so is the price so I give this one a solid reccomendation!"
76561198128071945,Recommended,466560,32947016,Posted: 28 June,all,Realitätsverlust,"First things first: This is by far one of the best Early Access Games I've bought on steam for a long time. It hooked me completely and I'm loving every single minute I've played it.Northgard is a strategy game in which you control one of four clans: Wolves, Stags, Sheep or Raven. Each clan has a ""perk"" and with increasing fame, you unlock 2 additional perks helping you out. For example, the sheepclan starts with 2 sheep and can construct the sheepyard, increasing your food output, while the wolfclan gets food from each wild wolf or bear you slay. This gives each clan an individual playstyle. Sheepclan usually gets nicely through the first winter (which is usually really rough) while the ravenclan can expand rapidly by using gold (kröwn) instead of food.Unlike games like Age of Empires, you can't build anywhere. The area is seperated into zones, each zone can have space for 2 to 4 buildings. This makes building a lot more strategic since sometimes, you don't have the food for expanding into another area, but you really need a new building. Sadly, this makes the placement of the buildings rather futile, but I'll get to that point later on in the review.You have a lot of ways to win a game:- Win by Domination: Classic ""Wipe everyone off the map"" gamemode.- Win by Fame: You get fame for feasts, destroying monster nests, research lore and a few other ways. At 1200 Fame + a special building, you win.- Win by Lore: Discover all Lore. Rather simple to achive.- Win by Trade: Earn Gold. Rather simple to understand, but not that easy to pull off.- Win by crafting Odins Sword: There is a volcano area on each map. Claim it, build a blacksmith, and recreate odins sword. Probably the easiest win when you are rather close to the volcano area.I usually disable the Odin's Sword, Lore and Fame win conditions since games end too early with those.The combat system is pretty nice, but thin. You have common warriors, axe thrower which are stronger, but more fragile and shield bearer, who are weak, but strong, also those are the strongest units against enemy defense towers. Additionally, you can recruit a warchief who is rather expensive, but insanely powerful. A single warchief can demolish multiple enemy units, making it crucial to rush him if you have an enemy nearby, no matter if you want a domination victory or not. Combat is also rather simple. You send your areas into an enemy territory and kill everyone in it, no matter if warrior, settler or tower. As soon as the area is empty, a timer will start, after it ran out, the territory will be free to claim for everyone. This makes the choice WHERE to attack so much more important since destroying the enemies economy can lead to a fairly easy win against that clan.One of the hardest parts of the game is the summer/winter system. While you can easiely survive during summer, your food gather rate is drastically reduced, so you can't just throw out your resources, you have to gather during summer to survive the winter which can proof more difficult the bigger your clan is. Certain events like rat plague, gates to helheim or snowstorm add an additional difficulty since you have a major problem if you don't react to those.All in all, this game is absolutly wonderful and I really hope we get some additional content and the development won't just stop at some point. I also hope that it will support mods officially at some point since I have a few ideas which would really help the game.But even in it's current state, it's worth being picked up, it's insanely fun to play and I didn#t even check out online yet."
,Recommended,466560,32965174,Posted: 28 June,all,electro791,I love this game. It is awesome for my wife who is into nordic themes and is also a casual gamer.
76561198026916723,Recommended,466560,33012001,Posted: 29 June,all,aklitek,"I recently bought this game, although I haven't played much, I can tell it is an instant classic. It's like my favorite parts of Civ, AoE, and Banished put together. If you are on the fence about this game, get it. It's worth.While I have not played as much as many others, I would rather write a review before the game gets too big and my review gets buried, so here are my suggestions:Further specialize the clans:Units, Buildings, Lore, etc.Campaign:I am not sure what you're planning for the campaign mode, but I would like to see something similar to the campaign mode in Dawn of War Dark Crusade: a strategic map that resembles a Risk board, where you need to complete a battle in each section of the map, and defend your own from enemies, it was one of my favorites.General suggestions:It is tedious to distribute new villagers from the center of your clan to tiles nearer the border. Consider adding a control that allows me to create a queue of locations where new villagers will go from my Town Center. Alternatively, if I want to build or repair a building in a tile without villagers, make a villager from the center tile go there automatically.If there is a villager in an area with a damaged/flaming building, make them repair it automatically if you have sufficient wood.Have more blessings to choose from, just require 4 total for the Lore victory.Reassign miners in areas with depleted resources to be villagers if possible, and give the notification that the miner's building has no workers assigned instead of making the miners idle as well.Allow me to use the Town Centers of conquered enemies as my own, but maybe with a decreased villager production rate.Thank you for reading this, I look forward to seeing how the game develops in the future."
76561198050721379,Recommended,466560,32211633,Posted: 5 June,all,Tokabi,"Great game, particularly for early access. If not for the lack of campaign, I wouldn't know it was early access. Multiplayer is very stable with no issues to report during two marathon sessions."
76561198034936456,Recommended,466560,32234950,Posted: 7 June,all,Mero,A really neat and engaging game. Can't wait for the Campagin update.
76561197982924057,Recommended,466560,32245711,Posted: 7 June,all,Henkie,"For an early access this game is already fun to play. A medium map, with 3 enemy AI players, takes around 1.5 hour to finish. Long enough to have some fun between task and short enough not to become tedieus. I haven't hit any bug yet."
76561198032152796,Recommended,466560,32258577,Posted: 7 June,all,Langkard,"Picked this game up with the special offer pricing.It's Early Access, but already complete enough to enjoy.  Think of it as a slightly simpler cross between Age of Empires and Banished with a Vikings motif.It's a 4X RTS but don't expect the complexity of a Civ or similar.The current 4 clans from which to choose encourage different play styles. The AI is a bit dim, but it always is. I have only played single player, so can't comment on the multiplayer side.I give it a thumbs up in its current Early Access state and look forward to the release. (later this year?)"
76561197975726388,Recommended,466560,32229922,Posted: 6 June,all,Spündar Wyldbeard,"Picked up this gem a few days ago and have to say, for an EA game it's quite polished and very enjoyable.It's lacking a few QOL features that I have no doubt the developers are working on and has some minor bugs but It's a very addicting game with a relatively smooth learning curve. With the recent addition of multiplayer I would definitely consider picking this up and help the devs out as it is easily worth the price."
,Recommended,466560,32182923,Posted: 4 June,all,Lama Glama,Awesome game so far. It's charming simplicity makes playing it (especially with friends) relaxing as a nice boardgame evening. Although i see a great potential in future development. Really hope people will like it as much as i do and developers will have support to go on with improvements.
,Recommended,466560,32183964,Posted: 4 June,all,Geonjaha,A great combination of RTS and Civ style gameplay. Relatively simple compared to other games in the genres but very well made for people who aren't necessarily looking for the most complicated of strategy games.
76561198117019040,Recommended,466560,32180902,Posted: 4 June,all,Wampafart,"It is a refreshing theme among usual RTS games *A bit like a mix of civilizations and AOE* You won't be progressing into new ""ages"" in Northgard, but instead will focus on surviving as a clan of vikings stockpiling food and wood for the bitter nordic winters. You'll be busy warding off enemy wildlife/monsters/tribes as you trade, explore, dominate, and discover- meeting the required conditions for victory. Multiplayer has just recently released; although, the Dev's are still working on story mode. The game is great fun and well worth supporting in its early access."
,Recommended,466560,31717542,Posted: 13 May,all,Yikmo87,"If you are a true strategist, like myself, then you will enjoy this game. It has build limits in areas which forces you to expand (not always a good thing), you're not having to waste time building unnecessary buildings or research to build armies.This game is fast based and keeps you on your toes, with no diplomacy to keep peace or declare war, if you want to go to war then just attack the other clans.It still has a lot of work to go into it and I am looking forward to see this game progress and develop. Definitely worth the price I paid."
76561198155910146,Recommended,466560,32267300,Posted: 8 June,all,Seraphim Mercury,"things should be add (in my opinion):-Add person that can talk-Create settings that can adjust the hud size-Add sea battle , viking will love those sea and add sea moster-Tamed myth unit-add positive eventThe rest I think is already good.Really good gameHighly recommend."
76561198052439772,Recommended,466560,32412426,Posted: 14 June,all,Strider,"Northgard is a solid start to a RTS City Builder, and I really look forward to the future additions. I really only have good things to say about this game. You can definitely tell that the game is only in early access. After a bunch of games I have become a little tired of playing it, only because the campaign is not out yet and none of my friends own the game to play multiplayer with. They've got a really good base game and I can see it becoming a classic game in the next year or so."
76561197961907018,Recommended,466560,32346801,Posted: 11 June,all,Rawblin,"Fun as of 6/11/17. Not really a ton of depth at the moment, but the base gameplay is fun and challenging at the start of the map. Seems to be a definite tipping point during gameplay where you just tilt that see-saw over enough for things to be relatively easy, regarding food/wood/money produced. This is for singleplayer only. Have not tried multiplayer yet.Looking forward to more factions to try out and hopefully more buildings and units."
,Recommended,466560,32315840,Posted: 10 June,all,Mr.Satan,this is one of the best game in recent times. victory conditions are damn hard to understand...the mistake in this game is it won't teach you how to play the game to get victory.. I find it hard time figuring out ..but the game soo good
,Recommended,466560,32291480,Posted: 9 June,all,Lara Croft,*load into a game**scouting**after 10 map section revelead no food source**its winter**my clan is starving**DEFEAT*11/10 would starve again
76561198080101057,Recommended,466560,32383479,Posted: 13 June,all,Rollingbroil,"Seriously. Fantastic game. Cant believe its an early access for this quality!! I've wanted a nice RTS/City builder as nice as this. Epicly fun if you like long RTS games. Cant wait for campaign, and cannot wait to see what else they add! So much fun!"
76561198010518842,Recommended,466560,31596256,Posted: 6 May,all,Daddy Cool,"Only played a little bit so far but it's a pretty enjoyable game for those who like RTS/City-Builders. Reminds me a lot of Settlers games.I see some reviews complaining about the building limits in each territory and things like that, but I see what the developers are trying to do and the game is built like that for a reason. I love that the game has different dynamics to look out for, for example the fact that you need to prepare for winter by making sure you have food and wood to last through the winter. Also, the progression of the game via the lore system is really fantastic, it reminds me of social policies in Civilization V in that you get points towards lore over time based on how you focus on it and you get permanent bonuses to various aspects of the game.Overall, very enjoyable game. I'm really looking forward to progress on this game."
,Recommended,466560,32320648,Posted: 10 June,all,fgt,"Not a perfect game, not just yet. But you should definitely buy it as it is worth the money already.Things that are already good:- The general feeling of the game is quite smooth and relaxing with beautiful graphics.- I've never come across a bug so far in 11 hours.- It can be extremely fun with friends.- Lots of updates.Things that need to be added in to the game:- A penalty for leaving multiplayer (as it can be very annoying when your teammate leaves and you find yourself in a 2v1 or 3v1 situation)- Maybe bigger armies as it could make the game feel more fun. (For example: instead gaving 1 guy with 10 attack points let us have 10 with 1 attack points.That's all I have to say for now."
76561198148422015,Recommended,466560,32307967,Posted: 9 June,all,Dank The Plank,"I just got this game and I already have 10+ hours. Great Graphics, Hud is well setup, and Combat System works very nice.This game has a lot of potential and could be the next competitor for The Sid Meiers franchise."
76561198129119855,Recommended,466560,32360107,Posted: 12 June,all,kaysshi,"I really love the idea of this game . Growing our clan and fighting other clans is very tactical heavy, but as someone who has a great history of playing similar games, it was far too quick and easy to finish despite trying different game difficulty.Pros:- Having different choices of clans brings unique varity of how to go about the game, since each clan has different abilities and tasks.- Seasonal changes allows the difficulty to change since during the winter, their is a need for more wood and necessities for the clan members.- Limitations on structures in an area really makes the player push their clan boundaries and expand. It helps force the game in different directions because each land acquired gives different sources that may or may not help your clan.- Not one game has been the same so far. Despite favoring one clan and playing the same clan multiple times, It doesnt ever get close to any other of my gameplays.Cons:- Limited Upgrade. I wish there could be more upgrades on buildings and strucutures. I feel that by limiting the upgrade is constricting many possibilities that each clan member can be or do with that specific structure.- Although I like the idea of limited structures per area, I wish there could be more options in that given area to boost that limitations. For instance, maybe giving the player the initiative to do a specific action or gather resources to upgrade, etc.But overall, I do like the idea of this game and I could see many positive and different improvements it can lead to. Im hoping to see this game grow further more!"
76561198040186589,Recommended,466560,32359114,Posted: 11 June,all,Farron,"To be totally honest, I've not touched an Early Access game since Nekro. I bought this game with a very skeptical mindset.Upon playing it, and seeing the developers work, I actually have high hopes for this games future, it's actually a lot of fun.While there isn't a whole lot to do in it at the moment, the game already has a ton of replay value, which is a testament to this games potential. More stuff will be added eventually.I look forward to all the updates these guys release."
76561198032698901,Recommended,466560,32281406,Posted: 8 June,all,Mirk,"So far, Northgard is a very satisfying, beautiful RTS with some unique concepts.  The tile-based gameplay, in which you must discover and colonize tiles before building on them, plays really well, if a bit slowly at times (sometimes it can feel like you're just waiting for the next thing to happen).There are a few concepts you expect to see in a game like this, such as different factions and different kinds of units, but the core gameplay feels like a fresh take.  For instance, villagers are automatically and slowly generated depending on happiness and housing availability, and because you can then assign them specific duties, they are your only source of potential warriors, farmers, woodcutters, etc.  This makes it imperative that you keep as many of them alive as possible since they aren't easy or quick to create.  Details like this make a game stand out, and Northgard is no exception.In terms of depth, keep in mind this game is still in development.  A skirmish type mode and multiplayer are basically all that's currently available, but the future does seem bright.  Also noteworthy is that the game doesn't have many bugs.  I have only experienced one crash (which they addressed in the latest update), and the game runs really well on my system.  Rest assured, the developers have been consistently posting updates and seem to be committed to delivering a worthwhile and satisfying game."
,Recommended,466560,32271436,Posted: 8 June,all,Leaf,"It's like Civilization and Settlers of Catan had a threesome with an RTS.The game is relatively simple, but the style is very charming and apart from a short stutter when the seasons change (a mechanic which can be as frustrating as it is interesting) it runs extremely smoothly.Micromanagement of your units during a fight can be tricky, as the game currently does not show which unit you are about to select (a little highlight when you mouse over the unit even when it's already selected would work wonders for this, in case the developers are reading). This means you sometimes lose a valuable unit simply because you could not click on them. This can be annoying especially early in the game, since every warrior is also a potential worker that can help you prepare for winter.I'm hoping for expanded skirmish options, such as 2v2, 3v3, etc.The game certainly shows promise, it's worth a try if you enjoy RTS games but also enjoy the tile/zone based gameplay of Catan and 4X games."
,Recommended,466560,32572742,Posted: 19 June,all,Dylan,"ProsThe environment is aesthetically pleasing.The music feels immersive.Easy to learn.You can ally with giants.Multiple victory conditionsrandom events that keep things interesting, like invading undead, wolves, and rat plagues.Each faction feels unique.You play as vikings.Sheep.SuggestionsMore unit variety. There's only 3 basic units.A sense of individuality, everybody should have a name. As they perform tasks longer, they should receive small bonuses at that task. ectLongboats should be a form of transportation as well! The harbor currently seems like a set it and forget it building when I feel as though it should have a lot more impact on how the game is played.Need more defensive structures. Only the watchtower is currently available.ConclusionThe game is dope.20$ for what you get is an incredible deal and I truly enjoy playing it.9/10"
,Recommended,466560,32838677,Posted: 26 June,all,nsnv.LIMPEH LAI LIAO,damn solid game.
,Recommended,466560,32086971,Posted: 31 May,all,Lightning's End,This is a great game for lovers of Civilization.It is a fun little game that you can now play with friends! The content keeps coming and these developers seemd dedicated so why not check it out!
76561198023071850,Recommended,466560,32828679,Posted: 26 June,all,Swarley,Mix of Civ and aoe in my eyes. top notch. lets hope the devs stay with it.
76561198121443018,Recommended,466560,32851815,Posted: 27 June,all,Pacey99,"Great game. There is alot of replayability despite it being in early access. With every update more content is brought in and I can only see this game getting better and better. However if your not convinced I would wait until there is more to the game. Currently there are a few balancing issues with the different clans and vicotry types however once these are fixed and more is added ( campaign ) I would, without a dought, recommend this game."
76561198052877448,Recommended,466560,33073747,Posted: 1 July,all,ZilO,Even though this game is not complete yet I must say that it is probably one of thee most polished RTS games out there.I can't find much wrong with it and at the price it's worth a try.The colours are easy on the eyes and the game is easy to get the hang of. Definitly worth supporting this.I'd say the game is a mix of Age of empires and Settlers of Catan (boardgame).
76561198051797621,Recommended,466560,32778899,Posted: 25 June,all,Medjnoûn,"Edit: After playing it a lot more, and enjoying several games with friends in multiplayer, I really can't recommend it enough. Refreshing original game, that can be played fast even though there is never a ""zerg rush"" effect.Only new complaint is that when we were in multiplayer with 3 players on a large map, 2 of us had a lot of lag. Barely playable.---First review:Great game guys!Haven't played much at all yet, but as a first impression, here are the only two things I think need improving:-More varied music, because by the end of the game I was getting sick of it :/-A wolf gives scratches my tower and it starts burning > doesn't make much sense and really annoyingKeep up the good work."
76561198121458852,Recommended,466560,32893223,Posted: 27 June,all,ItsCrabby,Really good game for its money. Only in beta and it has lots of ways to play around with many different victory types. The art is also really pleasant to see. All in all it's really good and has many features currently and still to come (such as campaign)
,Recommended,466560,33212363,Posted: 3 July,all,The Stormbringer,I transcended upon playing.
76561198018019712,Recommended,466560,32191503,Posted: 4 June,all,Keldorai,"While innovating to encapsule an appraochable strategy game, Northgard stays true to it's roots from it's original Cultures games, creating a challenge wrapped in mystery and nordic lore. Perhaps it's that I'm a decade older that this game is much easier than Northland, or maybe it's the resource management changes; the game still provide a race to best use the land that you have and waste not.Mechanic-wise, the interface is fluid, save for the transition between winter and summer, which mighty well be fixed by released/ my laptop.Otherwise, highly reccomend if you'dve played Settlers, Northland, 8th Wonder; or if you play Civ and want a special twist."
76561197971321094,Recommended,466560,33152735,Posted: 2 July,all,=BiA=Bublon,A Vikings tribute to Settlers II!Polished diamond in city builders genre even now in Early Access state.Keep up the good work devs ;)
76561198020849432,Recommended,466560,33173175,Posted: 3 July,all,#Forcestuff,"nicely done game,i expect more in the future"
,Recommended,466560,33147667,Posted: 2 July,all,Lordareon,Take the best parts from Age of Mythology and Civilization.Get rid of complexity while keeping a lot of depth and thing to take care ofYou have NORTHGARD!Really fun and nice RTS. 10/10
76561198000455767,Recommended,466560,33117130,Posted: 1 July,all,Gizfucius,"Even in its early access mode, the game is very addictive and as many other reviewers have mentioned, it reminds a lot of the Settlers games. Warmly recommended!I like the way how Norse mythology and lore have been treated with respect in this game, giving an authentic feel, and hope this same feel with continue in the campaign mode. The music adds to the immersive atmosphere with great folk instrument choices, and I'm hoping there will be an OST available!"
76561198184410982,Recommended,466560,30437330,Posted: 10 March,all,LeBLANC,"I love this game.Nice graphics, really nice music, fun gameplay.Right now it is very short on units and types of strategy etc. I believe it has a huge amount of potential as everything they have done so far has been great, but it def needs a lot more content.Looking forward to this games future.Also I wish it was a little more challenging."
76561197967219542,Recommended,466560,31063782,Posted: 10 April,all,maverickwoe,"Positive review.The game is neatly done.Good music, nice animations and graphics in general, gameplay a bit new, between a 4X and settlers.Though, I doubt the balance of the game at the minute.I enjoyed playing the solo game (the skirmish version as the campaign is not available yet).I lost my first game with a trading victory from the AI while I was trying the military victory so I'll focus more on the balance of the military aspect of this game.Before that, let's talk about the gameplay first.You settle on a zone that allows you to have 4 buildings to start with. Choose wisely !If you go straight to military then you will slow down your production and growth by lack of wood, food and happyness.. .so, maybe plan ahead and start with the basics.Then, with your explorers, find the neighbouring zones and spend a bit of food to settle in.This zone will have its own perk therefore, every map is different and specific.The more you expand, the more food you need to expand and this makes the game slower and slower if you're trying to conquer the whole island, therefore, this was quite a disappointment when I played.There is no way I can win first with a military approach.All zones are defended more or less and that's probably where your army is useful. I guess trying to eradicate the other player is most probably a lost cause unless you deactivated the other winning conditions.Some neat features are there too.- Reallocating very quickly your villagers from one task to another.- kind of research tree and prestige points that can be ignored or not depending on your own goals- rare resources that will allow you to enhance a few buildings only.- ruins and derelics to explore to get a bonus.- Trading amongst the other players and neutral factions even leading to alliance with AI to use their special units.- Healer that heals accross the map- sending villagers to do some raids and bring back money and famethe Cons:- Military victory (eradication) seems to be very difficult, military units pretty weak- not a huge feeling of interaction with other playersSo it's a rather positive game though I wouldn't say it is thrilling either.just very well done and very playable but not sure I'll play that game much more.For that reason, I almost put a negative evaluation but I have to recognise the rest.I hope that helped"
,Recommended,466560,33043468,Posted: 30 June,all,Hostile Hippo,"I would 100% recommend this game, especially if you’re looking for a different type of RTS to get absorbed into. This game is fun, challenging, and feels fairly polished for an early access game. I originally took interest in this game, because it reminded me a little bit of Warcraft, but with a lot more elements than just simply taking out your opponent. I’ve found this game very easy to pick up and play for an RTS, and even though I haven’t figured out a strategy for myself yet, it’s still super fun to explore and try out things. The game also has a board game like feel to it, and it’s one of the more drawn own RTS games, but it does a good job of making you immersed in the world and what you’re doing. You should definitely give it a try."
,Recommended,466560,32649400,Posted: 22 June,all,Pimp With The Limp,"I haven't played this game for too long; however it is a fun and addictive game. The barbarian/northman feel aswell as the real time strategy aspect  intertwine well. If you like pillaging and plundering towns, then you would enjoy this game."
,Recommended,466560,32915666,Posted: 27 June,all,RedPandaKae,"In development and missing some things to improve the learning curve for a new player, but enjoyable gameplay. Interested to see the campaign mode in the future."
,Recommended,466560,32331298,Posted: 10 June,all,Doom Cookie,"An RTS+4X mix done incredibly well. Minimal micro-managing, maximum fun. Lots of Age of Empires vibes. Different clans and types of victory combined with the interesting island generation (which includes a unique victory tile at the center) gives way to loads of replayability, and the recent introduction of multiplayer mutliplies that replayability a thousand times over.Also, the devs are really awesome. They are open to feedback (positive and negative), are pumping out updates with surprising speed, and are being very open about the content of the updates. This is a game and a company that deserve your support."
76561198106456793,Recommended,466560,33464557,Posted: 11 July,all,Jangonett,"Winter is coming........""ah I should be fine""Winter hits......""hmm all those negatives dont look very good, yep now everyone is starvin....Also they are all freezing and I'm out of money.Winter passes....""wooo that was a close one only lost half my village""Helheim Invasion....Winter is Coming.......""Mother Fu.....""10/10On a serious note I love this game, it looks clean, controls are easy to get ahold of, the ways in which you win offer different approches to winning. the clans have different stategies behind them,the events keep you thinking in many directions, it feels like settlers of catan except you have vikings.The Wolf clan is your basic Domination type, kill them show em no mercy... BERSERKER!!!The Raven Clan is your trade masters and a hit and run type of deal, they hire mercs....The Stag clan is your fame grabbers the strut around telling tales of how badass they are.The Goat clan is the one that gets me they kind of just hold their own in all categories.My only gripe with this game is the combat. its just average its just there and its wacky as hell. For a game in early access it does feel complete with minimal bugs.I enjoy playing this game while drinking a beer, I know what your thinking any game goes good with beer well...... *raises Battleaxe* NORTHGARD!!!!"
76561197973299300,Recommended,466560,33543889,Posted: 14 July,all,davidr64,"A really fun blend between Civilization and Warcraft. An RTS where there can be multiple victory conditions. It's simple to learn, but difficult to master.If you're looking for a video where you can see what this game can be like for beginners, with explanations and commentary, I have one up on YouTube:https://youtu.be/pdHDZcAnvH0Glhf!"
76561198205533407,Recommended,466560,32747127,Posted: 24 June,all,Stitch,"Easy to play.  Orginally got into the game to play with my younger cousin.  Good game, the only thing semi-bad id have to say is that there isnt enough of a military element."
,Recommended,466560,33414649,Posted: 9 July,all,lordpizzajunky,"I really enjoy this game. I've been looking for a viking inspired game, and this is pretty much perfect. Couple of things I really liked:- more resources to manage than for example Age of Empires, but not as complex as something like Civilization- tile based map, with each tile having its own thing going on / reason why one would want to claim the tile- real time, not turn based- multiple victories possible, not just killing your enemy, but also becoming famous, rich, wise or a randomly chosen map specialThings I would like to see added / points of critique:- a campaign (which is coming)- maybe a better tutorial (the campaign would lend itself for this probably)- a bit more variety in clans, they feel kind of same-y now. Maybe give each clan a unique unit, which is sort of the case right now, but more would be nice- more variety in maps, or tiles maybe. The maps are randomly generated, but they still all feel really the same- naval warfare. Right now you can basically order some villager to give you some passive resource income, which is kind of boring. One clan can hire mercenaries, but that is still passive.- I find it weird that if you've befriended another clan you can't enter their territory without attacking them, which is annoying when you want to attack a common enemy, but who is behind friendly lines-maybe a way, besides passively getting villager, to train units or breed livestock.- better servers of some kind, or performance upgrades. Playing with a lot of poeple / AI gives quite some lag, especially in online, which might have to do with how the servers are handled.- find a way around leavers. Due to the way recruitment works in this game a simple transfer of resources wouldn't work, so we need to either get control over their village, or maybe an AI needs to step in. getting ready for a push and a teammate leaving at the last second is as of yet basically a death sentence.-tell healer who to heal, instead of them picking out targets, letting sick people die, because a warrior is slightly damaged-tell non-army people to stand back and go about there business, instead of them automatically running away from there jobs and therefore getting less resourcesOverall a fun game, but it needs some work, which they are doing, so that is nice. If you like RTS game, vikings, and a cartoony style, I would say buy it."
76561198054847043,Recommended,466560,30514199,Posted: 14 March,all,speaktree,"I've been looking for an RTS that rewards strategy over APM, basically a cross between Civilization and Starcraft, and to be honest I didn't know how that could be achieved.Enter Northgard, besides the fact that I really like the viking setting, it seems to perfectly balance the strategic macro elements of resource optimisation and expansion with interesting combat elements. In this respect I definitely think Northgard is a first. When playing I get some of the same warm fuzzies I remember from playing Warcraft 2, Civilization and even a bit of Black & White.In its current state the game is definitely playable and enjoyable, while some of the RNG considerations raised by others are definitely well-founded, I see them as a challenge. Its a singleplayer game at this stage, if you don't like your starting location you can reset easily, but I prefer to try and see if I can beat the odds, it actually lends a bit of additional replayability in my opinion.Since its in early access there are some polish issues, strange behaviour when assigning combat units, map generation and unit clipping are some of the minor issues I've observed, none of which deterred me from enjoying the game. Since the developers seem to be very active and release regularly I'm sure these will be addressed soon.My main gripe at the moment is that the game seems a bit simplistic due to being in early access, which will probably not be fair criticism of the final game but is something buyers should be aware of in the current state of the game. Lack of unit, building, map and music variety are my main issues, all of which I know will add a great amount of replayability and enjoyment once expanded. The developers have stated that multiplayer is a high priority and will make it into the final release which has the potential to expand an already great game even further.Overall I am excited to see where the development team take Northgard and I hope that it reaches its full potential as it really has managed to bridge the RTS and TBS genres and expand strategy as a whole, truly a breath of fresh air in a market that seems to be increasingly just focused on TCGs and MOBAs."
,Recommended,466560,33738740,Posted: 23 July,all,Caith,Fun to play but lacks depth and replayablility.
,Recommended,466560,32486347,Posted: 16 June,all,Kolde,"Overall Quality game. Would recommend. You do not train units like a conventional RTS, population grows over time and you can convert villagers to other units.  You must keep a balance of the units you have to keep resources coming in (too much wood and not enough food? Send a woodcutter back to become a villager to collect food!). There is little variety in unit choices/factions right now but hopefully they are working on that."
76561198302241501,Recommended,466560,32528325,Posted: 17 June,all,xXBaCoNCaKeSXx,"even though this game is in beta its still awesome, its much like the original warcraft or starcraft with a civilization mix in there, i cant wait for the campaign mode to be released, im on the edge of my seat waiting for it!"
,Recommended,466560,32495097,Posted: 16 June,all,RELGEIZ3R,"It's like Warcraft 3 banged Civ.  It's actually kind of sad how long it took for a decent game to mimic the look and feel of warcraft 3 while adding some newer ideas.  It's a game that can be taken at face value.  It's simple and fun, but not too simple."
76561198066720287,Recommended,466560,32523373,Posted: 17 June,all,Kantek,"This game is really competitive strategy game,like warcraft for ps1 if you remember..Extremally good,i recommend it 10/10 they still changing things tho so it will update itBut so far for me it's been good experience,money well spent!"
76561198136984723,Recommended,466560,32488027,Posted: 16 June,all,Diet Dr. Kelp,"Great game for Civ 5 fans and the like, pick it up while its 20.00 and help support these awesome devs. They listen alot to what you have to say and this game is already incredible, even in early access. If you're on the fence about this game. Get it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,466560,32527474,Posted: 17 June,all,[TFc] Playtolive,this game is so much fun and it scratches that warcraft starcraft itch has great mechanics and is a great game to play with friends
,Recommended,466560,33887609,Posted: 29 July,all,mightyScon,"Great potential, random generated maps are nice with multiple win conditions.  Variety of different Clans to chose from each with their own fun playstyles.I would like to see:- Some magic users, possibly a caster of lightning (increase dmg in rain), ice (increase dmg in winter) or fire (increase dmg in sun/spring-fall).- School of Wizardry where you purchase magic users with lore instead of gold.- Tech tree to be expanded, maybe add another column.- Another set of upgrades for buildings and troops, even if it just adds 10% more productivity.- An ultimate ability for each Clan, you can use once per year Jan-Dec after 1000 Fame.  Examples:-- Stag would be to summon/steal 500 food and wood.-- Bear would be double defense of all troops for 1 month.-- Wolf would be double attack of all troops for 1 month.-- Raven would be summon/steal 500 krowns.-- Goat would be to breed sheep, they double? maybe?"
,Recommended,466560,32061388,Posted: 30 May,all,Damarus,"I've found myself comparing Northgard to RTS games such as Age of Empires / Mythology and turn based games like Endless Legend / Civ.It's real time gameplay, but the way you think about what to build on the different 'hexes' on a map and the pace at which you discover and build your territory out of those hexes feels a lot like a turn based game like Civ or Endless.Compared to other RTS games, it has the added flavor of winter... Something in which you must do some amount of prep and consideration for, though the game always keeps you informed on when it's happening and what to expect.It's fun, it has really good pacing, and it's generally a very polished experience."
,Recommended,466560,33796611,Posted: 25 July,all,jokur,"Become Thane, fight draugr and dragons and loot ruins.Like Skyrim, but as RTS game.10/10"
,Recommended,466560,33814970,Posted: 26 July,all,Gandamir,"A very fun and challenging game. There are lots of little things that are quite unforgiving, such as food and other resources with varied production throughout the seasons. It took me a few restarts to figure out the basics, but I am now on my way and enjoying myself quite well.Dev's need to add a tutorial, but that will probably be part of the campaign when they are done with it."
76561198068255032,Recommended,466560,33827911,Posted: 27 July,all,Shutdown,🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘
,Recommended,466560,33822165,Posted: 26 July,all,Leiðólfr,Just bought it and ended up playing it for five hours straight...I appear to have been hooked.
,Recommended,466560,33840303,Posted: 27 July,all,^_^,"Surprisingly fun, there are multiple way to win the games instead of destroying other players HQ. Managing resources especially food is so essential which result starvation if not taken precaution.  To be honest is like AoE little brother, quite competitive like chess.Highly recommended and please don't hesitate to get it because multiplayer lacks players especially my region (SEA), increasing more potential player result better gameplay since there is no campaige right now and people tend to get by from playing multiplayer"
76561197973091916,Recommended,466560,33848313,Posted: 27 July,all,Dendrazzik,"Well....i'll sum it up very quick for you!!A mix of settler and age of empire!!Settler for expansion, as you have territory with ressources on it.Age of empires for the units, yup..they feel exactly like age of empire....:D...just produce a bunch and send them into the fray :D...its only in alpha!!...so it's a great game so far, show a lot of promises."
,Recommended,466560,33845564,Posted: 27 July,all,GamblorAU,Great game. Looking forward to the campaign.
,Recommended,466560,33538091,Posted: 14 July,all,TaintedBrown,"I highly recommend this game to anyone, as it is easier to learn than Civ or Endless Legend! I also recommend it to those who are bored of Civ... so everyone ;)I really enjoy this game, a lot! I have played 1000's of hours of Civ games so I'm not new to strategy games but this was fresh enough to drag my attention towards it, far more than I expected it to. For an early access game, it is exceptionally well coded and designed too.It's like Civ in that you build to get resources and you assign workers to areas to improve income, but I find it a bit more fun to do the combat than civ because it's more like age of empires where you can micro-manage who moves where, so they don't get killed as quickly. There are already 7 win conditions (maybe more?) because on top of the set 4 (Domination, Fame, Trade and Lore), the map randomly generates a special condition that can aid victory. Colonising the Yggdrasil world tree with 2000 food for example will win the game, having 3 loremasters worshipping at the Relic of the Gods will vastly speed up a lore victory... the list goes on, so it makes each map and each start different.There are only 4 clans at the moment with another being added soon but I've played more than 25 games already and I'm not bored yet!GG thanks for ruining the small amount of social life I had. K thanks bye."
76561197962064647,Recommended,466560,33763523,Posted: 24 July,all,Shoqzie,"So I refunded an other Early Access game and tried this one...It`s great! It has base building, economic warfare, teritorial warfare etc etc..Compare it to Civ/WC3 and that sort of games and you got a winner... don`t be fooled though it has way more unique features which are cool aswell, and the multiplayer works flawless.3 hours into two matches and both had a totally different outcome.Has a lot going for it! Can`t wait for the campaign."
76561197977375351,Recommended,466560,30415895,Posted: 9 March,all,Farmo E. Jones,"It's like the Settlers and old age of mythology, it's great already.I love the randomness of the maps and I hope we will get an end game stat screen and graph (i love numbers and charts it's part of my job :-] ).I do really hope the Devs keep up this kind of detail looks nice and runs smoothly  played 3 matches so far.Maybe it would also be interesting if there were neutral tiles or non hostile trade tiles to add some flavouran depth for those not combat minded because the combat at this stage is pretty straight forward.Good re-enactment of how the vikings setlled Vinland :P."
,Recommended,466560,30416453,Posted: 9 March,all,Bolerro,I am very pleased with the progress of this game. Can't wait until Campaign mode is ready. I played on Easy and still lost. I am sure I will do better on my next go now that I understand the concept. Having no tutorial yet makes the learning curve interesting. Definitely worth the cost of the game.
,Recommended,466560,32395365,Posted: 13 June,all,GG,"Pretty decent game. It's rts , survival , tile based strategyIt requires careful planning , villager management based on you clan. 5 different victory types are available. However i really like map special victory type just because it's based on viking lore.i recommend this game for gamers who like civ , aoe , total war.And its early access game which means lots of content will be added in the future."
76561198040134625,Recommended,466560,33909608,Posted: 30 July,all,Proxy,The Perfect love child of CİV and AOE. Fun and absorbing the game takes you in. Recomended <3
,Recommended,466560,34005385,Posted: 3 August,all,Joe +Jump,"I have played many different RTS games such as Age of Mythology and Age of Empires and I am a huge fan of this type of game style. I saw this game on the store and figured I might as well try it out and I must say I am very impressed. If you are a fan of this type of game style then I would REALLY recommend trying out this game. The ingame settings allow for a lot of replayability giving the game many different objectives, online multiplayer is also really easy to set up and runs well."
,Recommended,466560,34005470,Posted: 3 August,all,saguaro66,"A pretty fun RTS that somewhat reminds me of Settlers of Catan. No bum rushes, just calculated moves to achieve a victory condition. I really enjoy the  winter mechanic, which adds a survival element. The games are quick, and you can usually beat in a sitting or two, which makes it a great for multiplayer matches.I wish it was more like AoE in that you have more individual control over your villagers. The just run off on auto pilot a lot, and are generally pretty dumb. The computer AI is otherwise pretty decent, and the combat feels satisfying. Although it seems like they start to gang up on you at times.Tech tree could use more options, as well as the more varied faction sprites.All in all a pretty fun game! Can't wait to see the improvements to come. Love the throwback to a classic feeling RTS."
76561198065623886,Recommended,466560,33121727,Posted: 2 July,all,airenki,Very fun even duing Early Access.
,Recommended,466560,33785887,Posted: 25 July,all,J_duff44,"I played on the hardest difficulty, the learning curve was super steep.  it took me about 10 to 15 maybe more games/ scrubs to learn each clan.  I thoroughly enjoyed being beaten again and again and again.  Each Clan has a different playstyle and mechanics that you need to use in order to beat the game, but then you learn it and its a steamroll... or is it? could you do it again? :)"
76561198079195210,Recommended,466560,33816257,Posted: 26 July,all,MakeshiftMuse,"I was looking for a game to pry me away from Civ V, something that might not require so much time to play a single game, something more exciting yet less complicated.  Northgard nails it.  It's an early access game, but it's absolutely playable right now.  The action of the game is fast-paced enough to keep you moving, but it's not so crazy that you feel overwhelmed... that is, unless you find yourself being invaded on 4 different fronts by different factions while your food is low and winter is coming.PROS!-RTS that gets as crazy or stays pretty calm depending on your play style.-A seasons cycle that affects the production and happiness of your people (as well as the game's aesthetics).-Several clans (factions) that are balanced but truly unique.-Environment variables that you will either adapt your strategy to or lose... or keep playing on Easy Mode, you sissy.-Limits on warband (army) size that prevent the game from deteriorating into a race for the Domination Victory, but you can invest in upgrades to expand the warband size.-Well thought-out and interesting Victory Conditions!  For once!  I LOVE this about Northgard.  The Map Victory Condition option is a great feature.  It's like a quest determined by the map, if that makes sense.-A great setting and plot!  Friggin' Vikings!  With lots of different Viking-specific buildings, units, and bits of lore!  There's giants and wyverns too!  Both of which contribute to the game in interesting ways!-Cheap for the countless hours I'm bound to spend on it.  Like I said, it's still an Early Access Game, but it's fully playable.cons.-I really wish it were easier to get the Jotnar involved.  By the time I've traded enough with them, someone's already achieved 98% of one of the Victory Conditions.-Less utilization of naval units than I would have hoped.  It is cool that they can just raid, but...  Maybe it's just because my preconceived idea of the game included sending boat-loads of Vikings to attack across the seas.-No way to break the warband into individual units to make holding multiple lines easier.  If I could have two warbands with one of each unit that I could select with a single button, that would make my fights so much more fun.-The fact that any citizen who has a specific job has to run to a house to become a villager in order to change jobs, build or repair something is annoying.  Maybe it was done intentionally to add another challenge, but it doesn't make sense.  Maybe if they had to run to grab tools or something it would make more sense.Sum-UpAfter you read the cons, go back and read the pros again because it really is an excellent game already and getting better.  My cons are more of a list of things I might have done differently, but I'm no game designer.  I bow to Shiro Games.  This game SHOULD cost more after it's released.  It is much better than a lot of games I payed twice as much for."
,Recommended,466560,33834429,Posted: 27 July,all,Kiroh,"Good graphics, interesting gameplay. a Story mode could be good.Not much to do after a few hours, Its almost the same but with a few upgrades it could be really good.Also a friend of mine didnt want to buy it as he wanted it to be more customizations, Which many probably hope for in the future."
,Recommended,466560,32220497,Posted: 6 June,all,Discarded,"Oh boy, Lets get the most important part of this out of the way. This game is still in early development! there is no campaign mode, it appears some abilities in game aren't working (can we say healing?), hell even the multiplayer has only recently been added. I'm in two minds about this game. Think of it as a cross between Settlers, Banished and Civ. I personally am a HUGE fan of city, strategy building games and I can see lots of potential for this game. The developers are regularly updating this game and adding features. With time I can see this game being my go to game for a chilled out hour or three. As it stands right now this game looks great but has a limited appeal. If you're going to buy this game then buy it with the hope the developers stick with it. As it stands right now I can't really recomend it. Yes I know I gave it a thumbs up but I did that because I truly can see potential. :o)"
76561198072892042,Recommended,466560,31725493,Posted: 13 May,all,DDD,"Northgard Beta Review9/10 overall. Playing this game feels like running the clan and fearing for the gods' fury at the same time.This game is fantastic from the looks of it, and the gameplay itself is really on point aswell, yet there are still a few problem that makes this game a little off:1. The clan you should start with depend on your map scale, otherwise you would really have hard times at the beginning of the game.2. The AI of the game doesn't seem to do much execpt for exploring with scout and attacking you with lowly upgraded army.3. The variety of neutral enemys is not satisfctory. more of the Norse mythology could be inplemented.(i.e Valhalla gods etc)On the otherhand, this game offers great oppertunity to players who are not familiar with RTS games or having trouble trying to get better at this type of games. The slow/fast adaptive game play makes this game a great tool and relaxation to learn and slow down from all the traditional fast past RTS games.1. The randomised enviormental disasters are tricky but bearable, it is a fun factor to have in the game, brings more reality to the game.2. Building the Oldin's sword idea is rather similar to the CIV game building a space ship, yet it feels different, the ideology of having to rebuild Oldin's sword is way cooler than constructing a space ship.3. Tech tree is really a big time helper, the lore that reduces the cost of fire wood during winter by 80% could come in handy at any time.So if you are looking for a game to kill time with, try this one, but before you buy it, check the things below:1. If you want to learn basics and ideas of RTS games, this is for you.2. If you want to have fun times trying to achieve victory in different ways rather than destroying your oppnent, this is for you.3 If you want to relax and get away with all the fast past FPS/RTS/MOBA games, then this is for you."
,Recommended,466560,32530034,Posted: 18 June,all,Tech,"They called me a Jarl, Skryim PTSD"
,Recommended,466560,33925649,Posted: 31 July,all,Sexy Male Elephant,Amazing game wish i had the time to play it though.
,Recommended,466560,33351540,Posted: 7 July,all,Nerby,"This is the only game I have actually grown to love in this genre, and trust me, I've tried a few times. This one is... special. And the thought that there is still more to come is just so warming. It's almost as if I've finally found what I was trying to find for years."
,Recommended,466560,33785979,Posted: 25 July,all,Sir Ronald Doge II,"PROS:-interesting concept for RTS; multiple ways to achieve victory like Civ-nice cute graphic-high replay value-380mb game but packs a punchCONS:-its RTS so it will be fun if you can build larger and more varied army-wall would be nice-diplomatic relations between clans could be more enchanced. make it clear whether you are in war, you are allied or so on (like Civ)-biggger tiles should mean more building can be placed on them. that way clans will fight for bigger tilesVERDICTS:still a fun game. hopefully the cons will be fixed in the future considering that this is still an early access game. buy it during sales"
76561198005742575,Recommended,466560,33786435,Posted: 25 July,all,asm987,"Based on the legends of Vikings and Norse Gods, Northgard not just fascinate players with diverse ways to win the game based on northern myths such as Hellheim and legendary ""Tree of the Worlds"" but also its casual but in depth gameplay mechanism that reminds me many good ol' RTS games such as Age of Empires series and Settler series.This world of northgard is beautiful but challenging featuring harsh winter mechanism, loaming enemies ready to kill every one of your beloved tribe members and other tribes trying to steal your fame. Overcome the challenges and be the most feared or worshipped warrior who rightfully earns a sit in Valhalla!ARRRRRG!"
,Recommended,466560,33968156,Posted: 2 August,all,Hound,"I've bought alot of early access games in my time... but this one is hand's down the best of them all.    Feels like a finished game already, and it's only Early access?  No way....  Looking forward to more from this game.Deff recommend this one."
,Recommended,466560,34235809,Posted: 14 August,all,Voliax,You have to play Northgard if you like building cities and strategy games.
76561198155387148,Recommended,466560,33922473,Posted: 31 July,all,Another Settlement Needs Help,Viking Raiders are raiding my settlement. Would defent with bear again. 10/10
,Recommended,466560,33682015,Posted: 20 July,all,TheGodlyGoat,"Good Game. Minor problem is that the singleplayer, any difficulty above easy (I've tried normal and easy) is impossible, because methods of getting food are extremely rare, if not absent.  Good game though, I'd recommend if the balance the game abit."
76561198018404286,Recommended,466560,32297426,Posted: 9 June,all,EpicJellyBelly,Great game solid 8/10. its missing some meat on its bones but its fun risk/ command and conquer game its not a walk in the park. if you dont get the land you need your looking at a harsh day at the park. when they finish it it will be a 9-10
76561198073351453,Recommended,466560,32470446,Posted: 16 June,all,MetalFurry,Great game
,Recommended,466560,34105146,Posted: 8 August,all,Robert Mends,"The strategy game that I was looking forAfter playing countless amount of strategy games I could only name 2 that fell deeply into my heart, those two being The Settlers and Warcraft III, both of which come from my childhood. All the other games just didn't hook it for me. Northgard, on the other hand, is the game that I am as of time of writing this review playing for two weeks almost exclusively and can't even feel any signs of game exhaustion. Northgard has a lot of depth and replayability even in the Early Access stage, and I can't even imagine what it would be a couple updates into release.As of current, the game features:Nice fantasy setting based on Norse mythology which I love.Five clans which play completely differently and aren't just some flavour text differences.Territory is split into regions that have different objectives and layouts, all generated randomly before each game, which makes each experience unrepeated.Interesting mechanics such as season change or random negative events which the player has to adapt to.Different victory conditions, not the default RTS'y ""kill 'em all"".Tournaments held by community, such as Reddit.Active devs that regularly update the game.At least one more viking clan will join Northgard before release, campaign is coming and much more as stated by the devs.What I found the game lacking is a more noob-friendly tutorial. As of current time, the player is thrown into the harsh world of Northgard with almost no clue how to play. Many players wouldn't want to figure out how to play themselves or search for third-party guides for the game. Maybe the beginning of campaign mode will feature small tutorial missions describing different aspects of the game, if so, I will be looking forward to it even more.Overall, this is one of the best games I ever played, I have spent and will spend countless hours on it. If you were with me this long then cheers to you kind reader and I wish you a good day!"
76561198070195331,Recommended,466560,32165207,Posted: 3 June,all,NexusBunny,"Bought it at release, was concerned it would be another early-build that ended up taking 3 years to be developed and still never be any good. I am happy to say I was wrong! This game is great, new updates have added alot of new stuff! Great game guys!"
,Recommended,466560,34143012,Posted: 10 August,all,Noximilia Leonheart,"Still in early access... and it's already a good game !I've spent about 30 hours on this game, and I don't wanna stop playing :D"
76561198007741508,Recommended,466560,34280759,Posted: 16 August,all,HROLKRUG,a really great RTS that is neither too simple or too complex. easy to get into and play. the happiness rating threw me off at first but once i learned how it works its not out of place. if you like RTS games i recommend this.
,Recommended,466560,34218919,Posted: 13 August,all,Floki,"Great game! the only thing missing is to increase game speed like x2, x3 x4 etc..."
,Recommended,466560,32109726,Posted: 1 June,all,gcookie,"I can tell already... this is a great of strategy. Measured balances of expansion, resources, health, lore, fame, fortune and might. A lovey change of pace to the RTS genre, with managable unit numbers and multiple avenues for victory. Worth the money for sure!"
76561198365801148,Recommended,466560,33869353,Posted: 28 July,all,Gumibimo,"Very addictive game. For those who enjoy a good RTS battle with an interesting system of economic/battle management. Even if the game is in ealry days, its very good and has a great potential."
,Recommended,466560,33801936,Posted: 25 July,all,Nicarus,"This is an interesting and fun game. There is many ways to win a match, and (currently) there is also five clans to choose from. This game also has AI bots you can play against if you are like me and you're too chicken to play against real players. I have seen a lot of people say it's like Civilization mixed with Age of Empires, and I think that is an accurate way to put it. So if you like either of those games, you should give this one a try!"
,Recommended,466560,33889874,Posted: 29 July,all,Smoking a big ol doink,issa valid
76561198031987632,Recommended,466560,34512880,Posted: 26 August,all,slincoln_wx,A fun little simple strategy game. Fairly well-polished for being early access.
,Recommended,466560,34714345,Posted: 3 September,all,Blahnika,"Fun game, reminds me of the old settlers games plush banished with some fighting. It still needs some work, but even on early access its worth it to buy it now and hope it just keeps getting better."
76561198009267697,Recommended,466560,34689704,Posted: 2 September,all,croweman1,"Great little game, that has really impressed so far. It is a unique mix of AOE and classic CIV games, that sparked my nostalgia. At the moment it seems a little unbalanced on hard, with the AI essentially ganging up on you and ignoring eachother. Also there seems to be issues around resource spreading on higher difficulties, but these issues are in no way game breaking, if anything they provide an effective, if a bit annoying challenge. I would love to see more content added to this, more clans, infantry types (warlock/shaman would be awesome) and a bit more micro-management and this review would change from a 7.5/10 to a 9/10. Keep up the great work guys! :)"
,Recommended,466560,34637560,Posted: 31 August,all,::-ProtractoR-::,"6/10 for now. I do indeed recommend it and it is an early stage developement, but I would still like to adress some things that should be changed.-Winter comes way too quick and the gameplay is just kinda fast, kills the mood and the atmoshpere. You can't really play it in peace, there is always some rushing and some people do hate that. At least ad a slower gameplay option. I want to play a world for at least 4-5 hours before I would be able to finish it, like Knights and Merchants or AoE has it.-Add some more depth to the game, there isn't that much to the game yet and it feels like I don't have much to do, add something fun, even magic would do the job.(I assume you will add more depth later on, it's still EA though, but critics help)Everything else, including the atmosphere is perfect, well done."
76561197998039103,Recommended,466560,32215645,Posted: 6 June,all,outern,Great game. I get some of the old AoE feeling. Balanced combat and survival. Easy to learn. Enjoyed this game so far.
,Recommended,466560,32213192,Posted: 5 June,all,blackprince,This a great fun game. This is the first early access I have ever bought and I am impressed greatly with the stability and quality of gameplay. Looking forward to the single player campaigns. Can't speak to MP as I don't ever play MP. I would reccomend you try this game out if you likes games like Age of Empires which this reminds of quite a bit.
,Recommended,466560,32215557,Posted: 6 June,all,Henry_Dean,"Its a very good game, especially with Multiplayer now; You easily get your money's worth in a few hours.I honestly feel, however, that the end-game is rather anti-climactic.For example : I recently played a game of Multiplayer, 2v2. I won the game through Lore achievement. However it's just a  spontaneous victory. You don't actually feel like you've actually won the game. Perhaps If I were to win by destroying my opponent, I would enjoy it more. :)Otherwise the survival aspect is great; sometimes you need to focus more on your own survival due to the harsh winters etc, rather than dominating your opponent.Overall I would say 4/5"
,Recommended,466560,34551255,Posted: 28 August,all,不必要な話をしないで,Better than League of Legends
76561198034533938,Recommended,466560,34241072,Posted: 14 August,all,Qatar,really good game with many patches that makes the game more enjoyable
76561198038976176,Recommended,466560,34799791,Posted: 7 September,all,halcyondazed,This is a great and simple RTS. You have to balance surviving the winter with successfully building and marching an army. Easier said than done.
76561197993160520,Recommended,466560,34871162,Posted: 10 September,all,Green Jade,Where have the last five hours  gone. Can't wait for campaign mode to be released.
,Recommended,466560,34875587,Posted: 10 September,all,Stolzieren,"Great game with huge potentail, no brainer for those who enjoy rts managment games."
76561198166056413,Recommended,466560,33265290,Posted: 5 July,all,Fireywood,"Great game, would recommend to anyone. I this game already, and it's still only early access."
76561198352188412,Recommended,466560,30632320,Posted: 20 March,all,caitlin.csm,"very good game, difficult enough to be interesting without being aggrivating. really like that there are different ways to win and start. Only issue is that characters will not leave their designated area unless expressly told, rather than counting all areas you own as available they will not go into other areas. this means that armies will not automatically fight intruders and miners will just wander around useless after their mine is depleated. Lack of automomy also means that with earthquakes none of the characters will put out the fires, if you own a large area then it becomes impossible to put them all out yourself within the given time limit.  The changing seasons is a great idea, it means that the food availability changes and adds in a  challenging degree once every game year."
76561198085687926,Recommended,466560,32608273,Posted: 20 June,all,henry06,"it is fun and diffrent. it kinda like civilization and age of empires. raven clan is op right now but im sure it will get balanced out at some point soon.I just got to the piont where Im so good that people are saying that they are going to report me, so I guess ill see how that goes."
76561198260112109,Recommended,466560,30203460,Posted: 26 February,all,jeff,"Amazing game! It takes a genre that can be very hard to get right, and Northgard does it perfectly. Some of the clans need balancing and there should be some kind of place to generate a seed so you can get a certain start in the game. Overall an amazing game!"
76561198030719167,Recommended,466560,35310833,Posted: 29 September,all,Trinity,"I am 39 years old and love strategy games. I don't know these kids experienced or not, but I grew up with games like age of empires, warcraft, dune 2000, C&C etc. To guys at Shiro:  This game rocks! You did a wonderful job and congratulations. The game is very satisfying. The engine is well coded and the gameplay is really good. What I can recommend to you guys is to make a league likebattle.net. It could be fun to compete. Keep up the good work. We support you."
,Recommended,466560,34126280,Posted: 9 August,all,ryanrx,"Mythological Norse themed RTS with a couple twists from your average RTS, great fun for up to 6 friends and definitely worth the money."
,Recommended,466560,35221605,Posted: 26 September,all,LevoStupendous,"Nice, sweet, chill but also requires serious strategy. It is like playing Team Fortress 2 with logic of Arma Series. I have big hope for this game, because it is kinda unique"
76561198031070648,Recommended,466560,35264202,Posted: 28 September,all,Pewdut,"I play Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings, SimCity, Cities:Skyline, Tropico and Banished. I enjoy this game as a nice casual play with the mouse game."
76561198091372362,Recommended,466560,33161828,Posted: 2 July,all,Drugs-Robot,"Wow, this game is incredible. I have been a big RTS buff since Warcraft 1, and Command and Conquer back in the day. It's one of the best RTSs I have ever played and maybe the best game I have played in the last year (not including Zelda: BOTW).  Before I get into points about what I love about Northgard let me start with some things I would love the creators to work on!Things to work on (imo):1.Procedural map generation while amazing, the RNG of the tiles you get can win or lose you a game. I had a game where my teammates townhall was touching the tile my town hall was on and I had nowhere to expand because I had rock above me (needless to say I lost big time). Other times I get the perfect base, which is nice but I think there should be a requirement that you have more space between players on your team, and at least 2 nearby food sources. I've also seen very large portions of expandable land generate near one player and almost none near another- sometimes looks like a piece of the island was removed.2. This one is obvious: balance. While the clans seem fairly well balanced there are a couple of things that could use tweaking, namely: the Mercenary raiding for raven seems very powerful with how low the cooldown is, maybe a very slightly longer cooldown. Wolf seems like it could benefit from some better survival talents, while making its military prowess slightly less powerful. One berserker early, fully upgraded, has immense power. Goat seems like it could benefit from a little more synergy from its early game talents.3. Multiplayer: maybe a chat lobby for multiplayer?4.Music: While I love the music, I would like more, and more unique music or It would be cool if the music took breaks and during the breaks there would be some more ambient subtle music that builds back up to the regular music (for an example: the Protoss music in SC2 does this)Reasons why the game is great:1.precise timing and building placement don't matter as much as strategy and villager allocation.Games like Starcraft require more precision and micro skills rather than mostly strategy, whereas Northgard requires you to take risks, and manage your resources well to win games.2.Multiple victory conditions: you can win by trade, fame, domination, Wisdom, or even map specials.3.The game is more about survival than attacking. Sure you can try to build up and attack, but the tile system prevents early rushing domination type situations.4. The game is gorgeous, stunning visuals and animation, the game looks really really good and feels pretty polished."
76561198044563063,Recommended,466560,33331739,Posted: 6 July,all,Zezima,Great game.
76561198008496393,Recommended,466560,34764679,Posted: 5 September,all,Price,"Basic How To on Northgard:-Spawn villagers and build woodcutters and food building and a scout-Stock up on food, wood, and colonize and scout other areas for more resources-Winter hits.....-Have all your food and wood get wrecked by the seemingly never ending snowstorm-10x worse when you have a blizzard, you might as well dig a hole and try to survive-Summer is here, you've never been so happy to see green grass before-Try to build up resources again and get wrecked by earthquakes, blizzards, rats, monsters, and other clans-Go out and win in a variety of different ways whether it be by tech, domination, or the special map objective-Rinse and repeatWelcome to Northgard. 10/10 would let my people starve again."
,Recommended,466560,33819355,Posted: 26 July,all,wasw,"This game is similar to Battle Realm (if you guys know Battle Realm and Love IT) Then you should buy this game, because this game remind me of Battle Realm and i hope the early acces is not too long. This game have potential and i hope the developer keep working on this game and add more feature and more clan. PEACE"
,Recommended,466560,32697590,Posted: 23 June,all,brstroh,"I have always been a big fan of games like Age of Empires and Civilization V.  This game is graet because it is like an Age of Empires game but with some 4X elements.  I did end up refunding it since it isn't quite done enough for me yet since it is early access.  Once it is fully out, I will definitely be getting this game!"
,Recommended,466560,32225339,Posted: 6 June,all,TheJudoMaster,"YoyoThis game has got a lot of potential. At the time of this review i hav only played for about 1.4 hours, but my impression is set. It's clearly an early access game, but it shows the quality of a completed game.To sum it up, it's a mix of civilization and age of empires. The concept is great. Try it if you have the money. Refund it if you don't like it. It is that easy."
76561198039203265,Recommended,466560,33424373,Posted: 10 July,all,Vickie_Imaginate,"This is my early access review so this will change in the future.That being said, playing hours into this game has made me really love it (and sort of hate it but in a good way). On first impression, the look is really simple and gorgeous (this is my game artist side saying that). The theme, norse era, really is an interesting choice to focus on, giving a different aspect of colonization compared to other popular rts games like Civilization 6.Gameplay, it's pretty balanced to me. You do have to think of what's the best course of action for your village - do you wanna go fast to build an army, do you want to establish trade, etc and there are different ways you can achieve to win. With hiccups, this game does not hold your hand except for the basics and I do like that. Nature, monsters and even other clans are out to get you that you can't even take a minute of break. And you are limited, so it's relevant to be careful with your citybuilding.For first time players, this would be overwhelming. I admit, I didn't realize I was on normal and lost 6 times till I went through easy to understand the game mechanics (so a goof on me!). The AI is incredibly smart on normal and of course smarter on hard but surprisingly, I don't feel angry with every loss. I am more motivated to try again and figure out how I can do better (something I am shocked I feel this way with this genre). A game can last about 5 hours give or take, which to me is reasonable and fun. Moreover, you have different clans to try with their own different perks.There are a few nitpicks such as weird glitches but the whole game is a gem that covers over them. I do expect some game balance in the future since resources are your stronger tools and depending on the luck of your map, you can lose easily (one example of my losses was I had absolute no land to farm/hunt that I had to depend on gatherers and sadly they died from starvation just as my scout found one land...four tiles away. :'> ).I'm defintely gonna play more even for the achievement and mulitplayer. I'm even looking forward to what else they will add when the game is finished. Of course, this is my opinion and on single player atm. If you guys would like more opinions, check out the Yogscast's vids on Northgard, it was theirs that got me liking this game too."
76561198030360391,Recommended,466560,33416722,Posted: 9 July,all,Blackstone,Quite a clever settlers-like strategy game. Well executed and not too hard to wrap your head around either. I quite like it!
76561198037145156,Recommended,466560,33578447,Posted: 15 July,all,michi1511,"Considering that the current version is still far from finished, the game itself won't cease to impress me. After spending about 40 hours I wanna summarize my initial experiences :)+ Addicting gameplay+ challenging mechanics (which have a surprising depth)+ currently 4 factions with quite distinct features and options+ gets even more addicting if you bring friends to the table+ fresh and appealing graphic style+ despite being in alpha, already provides a surprisingly coherent and well-rounded experience- games can take quite long- little variety ( custom offline and online games with a total of 6 players, but no campaign yet)If you enjoyed the grand RTS champion that is Warcraft 3 and prefer games which focus on economic and strategic thinking then go ahead and grab this gem, you won't regret it :)"
76561198022088604,Recommended,466560,32235927,Posted: 7 June,all,Warboss Sloth Pope,Decided to be goat man in co-op.Ended up food for days.There is no winter anymore. Only Feasts.Feasts for the goat god.
,Recommended,466560,30439981,Posted: 10 March,all,JakeFlit,combination of Banished and Civilization with real time combat rather than the turn taking gameplay. lots of fun if you like either of those games or RTS games in general
76561198031850322,Recommended,466560,33995524,Posted: 3 August,all,Last Bucc,"In the land of no Age of Empires 4 or Lord of the Rings Battle for Middle Earth 3 to help with my RTS itch, This has been a great scratch. Thank You Northgard Devs for trying to keep this genre alive!"
76561198152455630,Recommended,466560,32102017,Posted: 1 June,all,Hazard,"Great game, very clean and polished. Awesome artstyle, definetly worth buying :)"
76561198275035286,Recommended,466560,34151133,Posted: 10 August,all,Burner89100,Brought this game on a whim after seeing a video of it being played on youtube. Its a really good and interesting game to play! even more fun if you play the multiplayer with friends! deffinately would reccomend for others who like stratedgy games!
,Recommended,466560,34168976,Posted: 11 August,all,BardzyBear,"Nice strategy game.... good stuff, fan of Civ V? Fan of this!"
,Recommended,466560,30495559,Posted: 13 March,all,Chonto,"It had been a hard winter. I went off to work alone, but Ulaf found me by the cliffs gathering stones for our new silo.""The new farms are coming along"" he reported. ""Just in time, too. Next year..."", he trailed off, staring distantly into the cold grey sea. ""Next year will be better"" I added, finishing his sentence. ""Now since you're here, help me load this cart so we can both get out of the cold, eh?"" He gave me that crooked grin that always filled me with hope. Next year really would be better. Hell, if it hadn't been for those three sheep we brought with us in the longboats, we wouldn't even be here talking about next year.Ulaf leaned over to grab a hefty rock when the sound of horns forced him upright again. Both of us turned towards the direction of the village, our view obstructed by the hillside leading down to the cliff edge. Black smoke was rising high over the crest into the ashy blue sky. We bolted, bounding upwards over boulders and brush. Ulaf got to the top first and shuddered before howling like a wounded animal. I scrambled up beside him and saw the source of his,of our, agony. The farms were ablaze. Hildred's banners danced alongside the flames. He must have been waiting all winter for this. My pain sharply gave way to fury. ""I hope it was ♥♥♥♥ing worth it, you godless serpent.""Ulaf and I arrived at the great hall just as the jarl's warband was departing. The warchief bellowed, his voice shaking the ground between us, ""Get over here you two! We're not losing one goddamn acre today! Hildred wants to play with fire, we're gonna show him what happens!"" I snatched an axe gracefully tossed my way. ""FOR CHONTO!"" the chief roared, sprinting headlong towards the farms. ""FOR CHONTO!"" we echoed, sprinting after him.That first clang, the initial strike of steel against steel. It's a note in a horrible symphony conducted by madmen, followed not by applause, but the buzzing of flies. Still, it's better than nothing. if you could hear the flies... it meant you were alive. My thoughts snapped back just in time to hear that note. Another followed. And another. Soon all sights and sounds were overwhelmed by a maelstrom of flesh, wood, and steel. I glanced over to see Ulaf beside me, his crooked grin beaming more and more wildly as he spun and slashed. We fought for what felt like hours, but must have only been minutes. Hildred's men pulled back, withdrawing into the treeline, just beyond our sight. Immediately, we set about dousing fires and bandaging the wounded. There's no way that was it. This wasn't over.No sooner had we triaged the worst among us, the trees themselves started quivering. Before we could venture a guess as to what lay in store, the foliage burst apart and out lumbered 4 gargantuan men wielding clubs and mammoth tusks strapped to their wrists. ""Jötunn!"" someone shouted. We braced ourselves for the attack. A sound like a bullroar buzzed loudly and a colossal handaxe zipped by me, missing and landing mere feet away, the impossible thud shaking me to the bone. I looked at it and saw it had actually found its mark after all. Ulaf. He was lying neatly beneath it, hewn almost in two under that crescent granite blade. I began shaking and lost awareness of everything. I thought of Ulaf's grin. I thought about how next year was going to be better. The jötunn began lumbering towards our shield wall. ""Next year..."", I muttered... it seemed so far away. ""Next... year..."". A guttural moan evolved into a beastly lamentation as I started stumbling forward, my grip tightening on my axe.The last thing I remember is grinning at those deadly giants, certain that next year was going to be better."
,Recommended,466560,30685074,Posted: 23 March,all,KnghtOfTheAbyss,"Really enjoyable RTS, Cant wait until the Devs finish the campaign.HIGHLY RECOMMENED to any one thats a fan of RTS games, you wont be dissapointed."
,Recommended,466560,34568617,Posted: 28 August,all,Fondue Captain,"Plays like a classic RTS game, but with these pretty dang rad boardgame-like territory tile thingaroos. Was initally a bit thrown off by not being allowed to pause, plan, click a bunch of commands, and resume. gOTTA BE QUICK HERE and click the stuff before the bad dudes come sweeping in or whatever. Sometimes there'll be like 234098 helmet guys with axes in like 10298 different spots and you're trying to balance your budget and decide how much of your workforce you can plausably divert from farmtime and woodchopalooza but then you check the calandar and there's a blizzard scheduled for next month and how did you forget that and awww man since when were you so low on steel oh wow great none of this matters because FREY is about to be really wise i guess and his wisdom will be rewarded with blessings that make him mr. king of everything frey and wait ok maybe if i just stop everything i'm doing and build 5 trading posts right now and divert every single person i have to those i'll be able to get rich enough in the next 10 minutes to try be a a filthy rich king just before FREY becomes a filthy wise king. thanks !"
,Recommended,466560,34572443,Posted: 29 August,all,huzzu,Well this game is fantastic but sometimes i feel lack of contains waiting for future updates..Recommended if you love Age of Empire then this is sure buy for you.
76561198300097220,Recommended,466560,31659414,Posted: 9 May,all,carvajrBR,"As a rule I never buy early access games.This was the first exception and I am glad I broke my own rule!This is bit of a twist on the old RTS formula.  You have limits on the number of buildings in each territory you control, and some building can only be constructed on some specific territories, e.g. farms on fertile land, so that you have to find them and control them before your enemies.  That means you have to work with what the generated map gives you, and depending on your surroundings you have to decide which type of victory condition is best suited for your situation and your clan capabilities.I found NO bugs at all, and the game is polished to a shine. I wish more early access games were like this! Although it is at the moment single player skirmish mode only (as of 5/10/2017 there is no campaign or multiplayer) it almost feels like a complete game as is.Really looking forward to multiplayer and the campaign!"
,Recommended,466560,32163822,Posted: 3 June,all,Spooky,"When Banished loves Civilization, but Warcraft decides it wants in on the love and everyone decides to wear viking gear, you end up with Northgard.That's why you should buy this incredible game.Early access? Pffft. Yeah, right. Okay. Whatever you say."
76561198413746056,Not Recommended,466560,35212953,Posted: 25 September,all,agustinvargas156,its a good game but all the clans target you even when their right next to other clan i been doing good in a game but everytime when i invade a other clan i start getting invade or when im trying to have a troops near base invade by a other clan witch is far away from me
,Recommended,466560,33558685,Posted: 15 July,all,[JwZ] M07,"Quick game play, good balance and not too easy."
76561198063469392,Recommended,466560,30250983,Posted: 28 February,all,Vash,"Great game, love the concept. I sure hope they put a lot more work in. More units, more upgrades, more clans and colour options. only problem with this game is that you want more! so don't flake out i hope devs! bring this game to life. Loved the game that i played so far i have alreayd beat it on hard so they need to make it more difficult for sure but yeah all in all really excited to see the end product and of course MULTIPLAYER!!!! OWNAGE!!"
,Recommended,466560,30269229,Posted: 1 March,all,LLNN,"One of the best strategy game I ever played. Also for a early release it is really complete and have a lot of the mechanics implemented. The developer team is taking care of many bugs really fast, I don't remember anyone doing that so fast."
76561198069885920,Recommended,466560,30298008,Posted: 3 March,all,aX!o,"Lovely game so far!Not quite sure if it justifies the $17.99 price tag just yet. But being an early access / beta game at this is point I won't hold that against it just yet.It definitely quenched my thirst a little bit for that Age of Empires builder/management dark ages game. Very lovely graphical setting.The difficulty of the game right now is very low. I managed to beat the game on ""Hard"" (the current hardest difficulty) on all 3 Clans available right now within a little more then 8 hours. And I feel I have pretty much done everything the game has to offer at this point. Also the end game is lacking some depth for sure. I experience the ""snow balling"" some are mentioning. The game definitely gets easier and easier as it progesses. I really hope they expand on the AI and a good campaign could really make this game shine!Also looks like there is plans for multiplayer in the future. Which would be huge for this game. This game has some really nice potential for online competitive play. With multiplayer the end game difficulty wouldn't be as much of an issue.What I would love to see...- Much harder/smarter AI for single player- Much larger maps- More variety of attack / ""war band"" units- More then just 1 or 2 songs on the sound track! =)At this point I give this game a 6.8/10 Stars. I can't wait to see where the developers take this game!"
76561197969801512,Recommended,466560,30270921,Posted: 1 March,all,RedQueen,"I've got about 10 hours in the game (rest were just logged afk) and I've completed one game start to finish on normal (took about 2 hours, the rest of my playthroughs I abandoned) and was able to win that game by forging a special sword (one of the myriad victory conditions).I give this game high marks for fun and its relaxing pace.  It's not overly difficult, at least on normal settings, and it doesn't require a high APM, but it does challenge  you to respond strategically with long term thinking to the resources and neighbors you find on the map.Graphics are so so but it runs well for EA and I haven't had a crash yet.When the game gets multiplayer I think it will really shine.  As of now the AI seems rather meh and easily defeated, at least on normal difficulty.  But when multiplayer hits, (including 2v2 and free for all) it will add endless replay value.One of the better EA games I have in my library, and I have about a dozen."
,Recommended,466560,30206769,Posted: 26 February,all,Pikey,"The Game's PremiseBuild a little Nordic village, with farms, hunters, merchants and more. Grow your town through history by building, upgrading, exploring and fighting. And defeat your opponents through religious, financial, fame or good old skull crushing.Play StyleThis isn't a city builder, nor is it Age of Empires, and it isn't Civilization either. It has an interesting blend of micro and macro control. Your villagers get on with their daily routine with no need to interfere with them (Unlike in Age of Empires, needing to move your villagers to areas of new trees or reseed the farms, for example). You do however directly control your military units, telling them where to stand and what to attack. Part of me misses the need to control the villagers and have resources deplete and force an expansion, but as this game is based on a loose ""provincial"" tile system I can understand why that doesn't happen.The Good PartsGreat art styleStable build, no crashes as of yetHuge potentialNice new take on an old ideaThe Bad PartsSometimes you feel you're locked in the area if you don't specific resources to handCurrent replayability - I'm just stating this as a comment on the fact the game is in Alpha currently, don't expect everything!Perhaps too transient in the management of certain parts, although this is general personal opinionNeeds more variation in certain aspects (military units, enemy AI, events, structures)LongevityThis is an early access game, and for being one it certainly feels like it has a nice polished exterior and excellent game mechanics. I've not come across any bugs so far, and I haven't been left with buyer's remorse for buying an alpha. However, the game in its current state is limited to being played for a few hours. Once you've won a few matches the drive to win doesn't feel as engaging anymore. However, it is a nice little relaxing game to drop in to and out of for a bit of gameplay here and thereFinally...This is a great little game with a bright future ahead. If you want to give it a go and spend a few hours playing it now, it's well worth it, however, if you want an off-the-shelf game to satisfy your lust for pouring hours into games like Civilization, Settlers, Age of Empires, hold off until it's finished. Then buy it."
,Recommended,466560,30311906,Posted: 4 March,all,RoseLilly,"The idea of this game is exciting & diffrent from similiar games, I enjoyed it as much as Settlers which is one of my all time favourite games to play. But there is way too little content to give an honest review.  If you are looking for something to sink yout teeth in this is probably not the game for you. I covered all the basics and learned everything in about an hour. Keep in mind it is still in development and I will get back to it once we see some updates."
76561198007574782,Recommended,466560,30383003,Posted: 7 March,all,militant83,"For an early access game, it is actually pretty good.  Obviously it is still somewhat bare bones in many aspects as they are still working on it.  Don't go into it yet expecting ridiculous amounts of content and massive replayability yet as it is clearly not a finished product.  That said though, the foundation is there for a potentially really good game.  It's Settlers/Banished/etc meets Vikings.  There are seasonal/weather mechanics as well as random events (for example earthquakes) that are legit and add to the difficulty of the game.  You can send out raiding parties to gain money as well as fame and lore.  Building and managing your economy actually takes some thought at the harder levels unlike some past games.  Combat is nothing impressive, but isn't terrible either.  Top everything off, the game currently runs pretty well.  I have yet to experience any issues with anything... (fingers crossed that continues).  Also, has a campaign that is in the works as well as more Clan diversity and a multiplayer mode are coming soon as well.  Again, there is a lot to work with here and could lead to a fairly impressive game if done right.Not going to go into Cons as it's obviously not done, so I'll just add some things that so far I think would greatly help it.Increased unit and building diversity would be a plus.  Same could be said for random map elements and enemies.  Adding random incusions from the sea on your coastal lands could potentially make things interesting.  More options during skirmish setup including increasing players allowed from 4 to 8.  Adding some sort of map editor or map generator with options such as resource quantity/quality, NPC strength, etc.  There are more, but these alone would be huge.  Fingers crossed, we will see what happens...."
76561198057092225,Recommended,466560,31032442,Posted: 8 April,all,jessedye,I really enjoy Northgard so far. The game gives me the feeling of those RTS games I played growing up such as (Warcraft and Starcraft). In many ways this game doesn't even feel like an Indie game as much as professional and well polished RTS from the golden age of RTS games. This game in many ways fills a void I feel that has been left in RTS gaming for almost a decade and it's not even fully released yet! I highly recommend getting this game as the final product is going to spectacular!
,Not Recommended,466560,30296775,Posted: 3 March,all,simon,"It looks nice and is pleasantly simple. However, I dont find the RTS elements that enticing nor that interesting. Don't get me wrong the game is challenging enough, I've played 5-6 full games and only won the one. But, the resource situation, upgrading, and mangement of your peons is ... overly simple. It is only difficult in the aspect that managing the growth curve is relative to the amoutn of peons versus all other types of employment you have. The feedback of the system to manage this is not great, but that should not be the game mechanic, but rather it should be great, and then you should have a trade-off situation with other resources and upgrade routes.However, I find that to be too little and it stays in this line throughout. In the course of 6 play throughs I only encountered very few new surprises, and replayability is rather limited.A shame really, because the game has charm, and new takes on game mechanics such as weather season and earthquakes, but this does not detract from the decision to make a game that is NOT a traditional RTS. And if they'd added more resource challenges, upgrade routes, troop and defense mechanics it would bring the overall complexity to a point where the maps you played on, and the opponents could be more varied.As is, it is too simple - and I feel that is a game mechanic choice."
,Recommended,466560,31801833,Posted: 17 May,all,n4bb12,"+ very well polished graphics and imagery+ intuitive interface, lots of ""oh that's really handy"" moments+ survival aspects (winter can break your neck)+ seems stable and bug-freeo rightly tagged as city builder, making choices for buildings, upgrades and expansions is a key factoro units can be moved around but combat takes place more or less automatically- one military unit type and a hero + some special units that you rarely get to see, this makes it way to light on warfare for my personal taste"
76561197997599091,Not Recommended,466560,32379930,Posted: 12 June,all,Travis McGee,"Thumbs down with a caveat: This game is still in early access and so maybe some future version will be a lot more fun.I did not suffer the technical difficulties experienced by some others (out of memory errors) and both times I played through it was on the largest map with the maximum number of players.I've read other comparisons to Banished, Civ and Settlers. I guess those elements are there but to me the game is most like Stronghold. You start with a few Vikings, a lodge and have to expand from there. You do get to pick a couple different paths based on which tribe you play and you get to choose your victory conditions which range from domination to a sort of ""tech"" victory. Both times I played through it was just on a domination victory and thank goodness because the AI was cranking out cash (economic victory) and status points at a ridiculous rate.I didn't find the learning curve too hard; you just have to pay attention to see what combination of buildings in a area make the most sense with the limited number of structures you can build. But victory was fairly easy and I did not sense much depth in the game. You can win most offesnive encounters either by overwhelming numbers or by using hit and run tactics to wear down the enemy, heal your troops, then hit them again. The AI rarely builds armies that number more than 4 or 5. You can easily zerg rush them once you have a platoon of 8 or more and overwhelm them. There's not much in the way of tactics unless you count trying to split your party to create a diversion or pulling your wounded back to try to give them a chance to heal. Defensive battles are even more lopsided once you have a defensive tower in your territory. The AI will chase after your farmer or fisherman, which you can manually make flee around the territory, all the while getting made into a pincushion by the tower.I see potential in this game, but I'm going to have to check back in on it after a few more updates. If it goes on sale for $10 it might be worth buying. At $19.99 it wasn't worth the price to me."
,Not Recommended,466560,33335053,Posted: 6 July,all,[FSE] barcode120x,"Bought this game during the recent mid summer steam sale. It took a couple restarts to figure out how to play and how things work, but on my 3rd game, managed my way through and won via that ""research"" victory or whatever it is called. I really like how this game is a very simple, yet VERY FAST paced version of Civilization game series. Yes, the game is very fast paced when compared to the AI which kind of sucks if you start falling behind. It's hard to catch up as I barely won my research victory with 3 AI in the high 80%/90% with money/research victory points right behind me.The major downside to this game is that it is very short and quick yet fast paced. I beat a gave versus 5 AI on Easy in about 2 hours. I am not too sure how well the world is randomly generated, but the ""large"" map I picked was NOT large at all. The game seems to be meant to be played quick, which I kind of don't like. I keep saying it's too fast paced at it is. You will fall behind the AI in terms of resources if you don't micromanage your peasants.I'm not sure this game is worth $20 bucks right now as there isn't that much replayability, but I got it for like $13 bucks. Though some people equate 1hr gameplay : $1 so it might not be worth it to some. If this early access does make it to the finish line with major updates in the future, it'll be worth my money that I spent. I will definitely keep my eyes on this game, but this is definitely not worth $20 at it's current state (don't get me wrong, there isn't really any bugs or UI or PC issues, it's just the replayability is low)."
,Not Recommended,466560,33384621,Posted: 8 July,all,Dead Fred,"Not at all pleased with the systems that govern gameplay.  It's much too difficult to achieve stability with a number of setups.  For example, the ""happiness"" stat seems to affect a great deal of other things (how fast your workers work, other production of resources), but is stupidly difficult to maintain.  It feels too forced and takes you right out of the game.Mechanics and graphics of the game are great, but it could use more friendly (or at least logical) gameplay."
,Recommended,466560,30115424,Posted: 23 February,all,//xsgod,"Want to build a comfy town without getting stressed too much>WOLVES ARE ATTACKING OUR CLAN>4/4 BUILDINGS>NOT ENOUGH WOOD>NOT ENOUGH WOOD>NOT ENOUGH WOOD>PREPARE YOUR CLAN FOR THE WINTER>:(>ONE OF YOUR TRIBE MEMBERS IS ILL CREATE MEDICS>NOT ENOUGH WOOD>DRAGAUR PORTALS OPEN SOON BUILD ARMY>WOLVES ARE ATTACKING OUR CLAN>YOUR TRIBE MEMBERS ARE FREEZING>NOT ENOUGH WOOD>NOT ENOUGH GOLD>RATS ARE ATTACKING OUR HARVES, LOSE 70% OF YOUR STORAGE>YOUR TRIBE MEMBERS ARE HUNGRY>:(>BUILD MORE HOUSES>2/2 BUILDINGS>NOT ENOUGH WOOD>NOT ENOUGH STONE>CANT PLACE MINE 2/2 BUILDINGSINEVERASKEDFORTHISBut yeah its quite cool, a bit more iron and stone pls"
76561198112092193,Recommended,466560,30178593,Posted: 25 February,all,Dezzlyn,"I started off as a peaceful tribe of hunter gatherers.  We explored the world, lived off the land and kept to ourselves.  We were happy to grow as a clan and prepare for the dreaded winter without getting into anybodys way.  But soon I realized there are more dangers in the wild than just the blistering cold of winter.  If there wasn't a group of pesky wolves coming out of the woods to attack my farmers, there was a draugr mindlessly roaming into my territory.  Enough was enough, my people were injured and scared, we had to arm ourselves.  So we did.  We recruited a small army and drove the wolves out of thier dens, the draugr would come later.  With the wolves out of our way we were able to forge ahead and claim new territory, increasing our fame and expanding our small empire.  Suddenly we see something off in the distance.  Another viking faction on the horizon?!  Instantly I send my scout to make contact.  They are a group that calls themselves the Stag clan, lead by a man named Knud.  Luckily, our lush forests have allowed my woodcutters to stockpile a surplus of wood, so I strike a deal with him and trade some lumber in exchange for some precious Krowns and a show of good faith.  Things are looking well, another month passes and my farmers and hunters are enjoying good harvest.  I decide to push my army through and secure some stone circles for my loremasters to study.  But it looks like another faction has taken out the draugr there and are holding the territory for thier leader.  I decide to send my scout through and survey this new group.  Turns out they are led by a man named Asger.  It doesnt look like his troops will be pulling back anytime soon and we are not looking for war, so I turn my army around and secure the flatlands to the south in preperation for winter.  We hunker down and tough out the desperately cold blizzard, though a few people get sick along the way.  But finally the sweet winds of spring roll over the hills again and our cold nightmare is over.  These winds promise to bring new life, fresh crops, and a healthy harvest for the new year.  But they also brought something else.  It's Asger and his army of brutal vikings lead by their vicious war chief.  They tear through my borders and begin to lay waste on my defense tower.  My farmers run in panic as the pastures around them burn to the ground.  All I can do is look on at the destruction as my men are too late, and too outnumbered to make a difference.  We retreat, a hard pill to swallow for a viking ruler, but my warriors are thirsty for vengance.  I promised them thier vengance, thier honor, and thier glory.  And  I began to realise that my only option was the one I had been trying so hard to avoid.  War.  Turns out there was a lot more to this little island than some undead and feral animals.  For this war will just be a chapter in my path to the promise land, and I am determined that my people will survive to read it,"
76561198275954082,Recommended,466560,30169616,Posted: 25 February,all,BOT ARNOLD,"Great RTS but it needs a few tweaks. I had a problem with stone, there was non left on the map :/"
76561198047069252,Recommended,466560,31192327,Posted: 16 April,all,Falco.pa,"In my short experience of playing Northgard, I already want to re-watch every season of 'Vikings'.My first thought was ""gee doesnt this look amazing"", quickly followed by, ""so what am i doing exactly?"". From the moment you load up you are thrown into the deep end, in a sense that there is no direction to what your goal really is. You are given victory options and there is little explantion on how to reach them.Luckily for me i had some experience in similar strategy games, so i had a rough idea of what i was doing. After playing on easy for 45mins I managed to gain VICTORY by ""trade"". Im not really sure what i did, but i traded with 2 of the 3 clans  i could and had 2500 coins at the end (so i guess i won by being a rich white kid).All in all im really liking the direction this game can go and the avenues they have set up for themselves! Introducing some more creative ways of winning or to introduce more of a need for war would be really interesting.I really enjoy the landscapes and and the need to gather supplies before the freeze over of winter.I was dissapointed with the lack of military based troops and the process of how land needs to be conolized.More engagement with other clans is also something id like to see improve (weather is be war, trade or alliances etc).The talent tree via 'Lore' is a great idea!I also enjoy the way buildings can hire multiple people.For an early access game which looks to be improving id reccomend this to any friend.7/10Falco."
76561198238207438,Recommended,466560,30105606,Posted: 22 February,all,ThompsoniusIV,"One word.... AWESOME!!!!Good graphics, good concepts; so just a good game. Luckily the devs are making a multiplayer and campaign mode. My only problem is that I bought the game full prize while 2 minutes later there was a sale :(Without furtherer ado, GREAT GAME!! No regrets :)However, I would like to have archers and (wooden) walls because thats what we all want (even if it is not historical correct). Above all, I would like to have an upgrade for the towers, because they are a bit weak. The wolf clan should be able to tame wolfs XD"
76561198211670827,Recommended,466560,30180357,Posted: 25 February,all,Kirito77,iz good
,Recommended,466560,30124116,Posted: 23 February,all,Emcredible,"If you enjoyed Settlers then this is the Settlers of 2017, currently played one campaign which lasted 80 minutes it was great really reminded me of my childhood playing Settlers but with the great polish of a newly developed game, Story mode isn't currently out at the time of writing this but totally enjoyed this game perfect just to sit down have a little micro manage."
76561198023441694,Recommended,466560,30156057,Posted: 24 February,all,Singlemum95,Pros- Vikings- Beards- BreweriesCons- The usual Early Access Criticisms
,Recommended,466560,30252394,Posted: 28 February,all,n0point,"A great game that had me hooked from the first (failed) try! Fast, fun, but a little too easy once you get used to things.Looking forward to the developers adding more content!"
,Not Recommended,466560,33044703,Posted: 30 June,all,Jdopus,"This is not a bad game by any stretch, but ultimately the mechanics seemed to me to be so shallow as to make it not really worth anyone's time.The art style is fairly charming, the music is pleasant and setting appropriate, but the core mechanics themselves just aren't sufficient to support the game.In essence the game basically comes down to assigning villagers to different plots to produce different resources to produce more villagers to assign them to new plots, there's a combat system included as you assign villagers to become one of three different kinds of warriors and you can recruit a hero to lead them.If you want an RTS, the combat is too shallow to really reward any time - what little micro is extremely minor and the unit variety is very limited.If you're someone who likes to design nice looking settlements it won't satisfy as the sector design of the map prevents this - the map is divided into sectors each of which has a strict and very small building limit.  As expanding quickly becomes expensive and what you build where depends on whatever random objects are in the next sector you uncover this won't satisfy.If you want a management game, there's little to do here - placement and assignment don't really matter at all, each worker assigned to a building just generates a set level of income.Get this game if you want a simple and easy mix of the three, but if you're looking for something with more depth to it, Northgard is likely to disappoint you."
76561197970943119,Recommended,466560,33140189,Posted: 2 July,all,Dude,ᚴᚱᛁᛅᛏ:ᚴᛅᛘᛁ: ;)
,Not Recommended,466560,30379384,Posted: 7 March,all,Beelze,"Looks really promising but needs more content, just a few hours of gameplay. Not worth the money. Yet."
76561197972574497,Recommended,466560,30222858,Posted: 27 February,all,\\\\ method ////,"7 hours into the just released, early-access Northgard and I'm enjoying it and looking forward to playing more.Currently only single player is available with multiplayer and campaign both having buttons in the game for future use.The game has a very strong Warcraft2 vibe - which is a great thing. It's not at all a clone of WC2 but the graphics and the general feel are very reminiscent.Overall, this game is pretty chill (chill music, not a lot of intense micromanagement needed) and I'm still exploring what's possible. Definitely like it."
76561197991901703,Recommended,466560,31240252,Posted: 19 April,all,Squid Snack,"- Hey!(I have played a lot of boardgames, also online strategy games, and this is top notch)This game is fast, like a gametakes an hour. Many different ways to win.Domination is cool, you build or rule to much, you end up dead from earthquakes or rat attackes.but you can hide away and win in secret, as you would need to scout enemy or new places to control.Good looking, nice animation. Its a 8/10 viking strategy, but there still lots it needs;Islands, caves, and beasts in the sea. Side quest to gain more things, like hidden quest, to get loot or resources. (like the scouting ruins and ship, but maybe for heros or other units) It loses a little stuff, like spices, we need some small things to make it less Simple. Game Creator, or more custom game modes, more clan based abillites, not just passive skills. Like getting food from killing wolfs or bears. getting fame(wincondision points) from killing undeads..Maybe a boss unit, like a dragon or a gigant that moves around?Game has about 40 hours gametime before you let it go.So I would wait for more updates before bying. It still need some bonus features before its a Keeper.+easy to learn+fast gameplay+nice look- too simple- fast to become boringI brought it on Sale, and then it was worth the money.PS: The best thing about this game, is that you can chill while playing it, with no need to stress out. (not like Sc2) Its Simple, but maybe a little to simple."
,Recommended,466560,33129490,Posted: 2 July,all,jinyi1268,"For an early access game, i can see a lot potential. Dont let me down."
,Recommended,466560,30199431,Posted: 26 February,all,N. Petrova,"This game is pretty cool, I'm still waiting for the campaign mod !"
76561198012816609,Not Recommended,466560,33128756,Posted: 2 July,all,evader,"While the game is incredibly well made so far, I think the lack of tutorial, the incredibly slow pace of the game and the RNG factor makes the game a really frustrating to play once you have a good idea of how to play the game. It takes 2 + hours per game which, while fun the first few games, it reallly drags on once you've played about 4 or more games.Perhaps the most frustrating aspect is the RNG of the resources, if you don't have a food resource nearby while also having 2 or more wolf/draugr camps next to your base, you're pretty much screwed if the other players are decent at the game.Once the game gets some balance changes and more content put into the game, it'll be worth the 20 dollar price.TL;DRCon: RNG factor plays too big of a role for a game you have to put so many hours into.Pro: The game is fun and rewarding when you first play it and learn the mechanics."
76561197985936655,Recommended,466560,32946111,Posted: 28 June,all,bAndit,One of the best games in city builders
76561198002308919,Recommended,466560,30141719,Posted: 24 February,all,Gorgeous_Joe,"If you are old enough to remember Settlers back when it was good then you will appreciate this game; it is not a clone in any shape or form but it has that same charm and feel about it.The game is polished and playable and I had no bugs or crashes in my experience so far.If you are looking for a nice casual building game then this is it; well almost. It is limited to what you can build but you still have all the basic options you would like covered in early access. You can feel a little rushed at times if I'm honest and your game does have an expiry date usually under 2 hours for a complete play through as there are victory conditions to win that the A.I will achieve in under the 2 hour mark. If they give you the option of disabling victory conditions then it will keep the casual players happy who want to play at their own pace but still have the conquest option at the end.The Campaign and Multiplayer options are grayed out at the moment so they are still to come.This game is clearly worth the investment and already worth the money I paid for it; it ticks all the boxes for that slightly chilled strategy game with no hair pulling frustration and lots of smiling moments.If the developers implement larger maps, more customization options and add to the building and villager options along with some automation for your warbands (i.e patrol zones) then the game is going to be GREAT.I'm looking forward to seeing what future developments come forth and would recommend this game to anyone looking for a more relaxed strategy building settler type game but not those who are looking for war and world domination à la Total War style."
76561198370631134,Recommended,466560,32287625,Posted: 9 June,all,j.greening00,"It is fun, but it is missing that ""special something"", that KEY thing. I can't put my finger on it exactly either, maybe it needs something Gimmicky. maybe its a feature.. not sure, yet...  I know it's in ""Early Access"" still, maybe upon release my review/opinion will change...  Overall it is a good, decent game. Ive Logged a solid 7 hours into it, I don't regret my purchase. Although i don't remember what I paid. Not tripping.. So far the Devs seem to be on top of things for the most part, from what i can tell/see.. Gotten a few updates since ive started playing it.. Depending on the price id recommend the purchase.. especially it being ""Early Access"" it can only get better... hopefully... lolTo be continued..."
,Recommended,466560,31010822,Posted: 7 April,all,Guidi,"ANÁLISIS DE ACCESO ANTICIPADOThis game is what you get if you combine the civilization games with the age of empires games. As a result you will have a real-time civilization strategy game 360 no scope mlg pro gaming game. And its still on early acces so they will add more things in the next months.Highly recomended and in my opinion, the price is worth it"
,Not Recommended,466560,32319441,Posted: 10 June,all,respwn,"It's basically a mashup between Settlers 2 and the boardgame ""Settlers"". It's nice and also some fun, but lacks a lot of deep gameplay. The AI enemies are no match for a human player. Winning the Research-Victory way to easy, die warfare victory too time consuming. I often dont see the point in playing, since i can create my research tribe in a corner and just win the game without even seeing the enemy. The gameplay is mostly about micro managing your tribe members to keep food and wood up. They are developing a single player campaign, but I would rather want to see a better balanced and fun base gameplay, which is disappointing at the moment. I hope this will get better after early access."
,Recommended,466560,32233892,Posted: 6 June,all,Hardfoil,"If it weren't for the grayed-out Campaign button I might have thought this game was in in its final form. There's a lot of polishing ahead, but so far this game is looking like a winner.First time playing and I got sucked in for 2 hours. Your average game probably takes 40-60 minutes. If I had to pick, I'd compare Northgard to either the Civilization or Crusader series. Combat has a simplistic rock-paper-scissors system and I found it reasonably satisfying. Balancing your population, resources and happiness is challenging and always presents new obstacles.Each clan is unique and encourages different strategies. Players are presented with multiple win conditions and given the space to play how they see fit."
76561198328416373,Recommended,466560,31599787,Posted: 7 May,all,King Hadrian,One word only... Awesome!!!
,Recommended,466560,31600418,Posted: 7 May,all,tItan,LOVED IT<3 <3 <3
,Recommended,466560,32268798,Posted: 8 June,all,The Thunder Hornet,Really enjoyable game to play.
76561198073455415,Recommended,466560,30826479,Posted: 29 March,all,lencombs,"I bought this because I liked Age of Empires years ago, and have it in my library but it will not play right on my 4k monitor, the fonts are too small. Reading about Northgard it seemed similar to AoE and has some positive feedback so I gave it a go. It has been enjoyable so far, I have just been getting used to how the game works.The default game starts with 3 ai opponents and normal mode, but I started playing with 0 opponent, then 1 so I could learn how to balance resources first before even trying out combat. They just patched in a new clan so there are 4 now, each with slightly different perks. You balance wood, foor, gold, happines,  and construct different buildings to grow and expand your clan. There are different win scenarios such as wisdom victory, domination etc.There are no campaigns yet as of 29 Mar 17 but it says coming soon in game."
,Recommended,466560,30826430,Posted: 29 March,all,skankley16,"It fills a hole (hehe) that was left from some of the older RTS games of my childhood. At this point it is very basic and because of that it doesnt have many bugs, but it also is kind of shallow. It certainly needs some content work as it can be easy to lose interest after more than 10 or 15 hours. Also after the first half hour or so of play on a map in kind of sputters out. It sticks to pretty well established formula for a good RTS but also puts a fresh face on some aspects. The devs seem to be very engaged and you can tell that they care about their product. It still needs some work at this point to be a ""complete"" game. I am giving it a yes at this point because I truly do see the potential for this game to be something great. Also I would have liked to have paid more like 10 dollars and not 20. All that being said, fingers crossed! Lots of potential!"
76561198096573671,Recommended,466560,30776985,Posted: 27 March,all,Nskotlas00,"""Our scout was hurt while exploring a new area"""
,Recommended,466560,31141836,Posted: 14 April,all,Bombie,"Amazing game. Been spernding so much hours and this RTS just doesn't stop to amaze me. I've finally finished the game by winning on all currently available 'factions' on medium, and I am about to go ahead and do it on hard.I honestly am impatient for multiplayer and campaing modes.Astonishing games."
76561198153106326,Not Recommended,466560,32786915,Posted: 25 June,all,hkc9499,"Wonderful game, runs very well, good for a few hours of fun. Too simplistic for the price for now, so for the love of god wait"
,Not Recommended,466560,33526782,Posted: 13 July,all,Jaykstah,"This is a really charming game, so it is disappointing that it didn't have enough substance to be recommendable.Overall it is a stripped-down Civ type game. You control a clan, create structures and jobs for clan members, and spread/dominate the landscape around you. There is basic resource management (wood, food, and money) to ensure that you balance your clan and also has a hapiness statistic that you need to keep up in order to generate new clan members and keep clan members productive. While games like Civ are typically turn-based, this is not. You make desicions and play the game as time progresses, which is somewhat interesting as it keeps you on your toes and forces you to stay engaged. These gameplay mechanics paired with pleasant visuals made it seem as if this would be a captivating game I would be able to spend hours in.However, its simplicity sort of killed it for me. The basic resources you manage are easy enough to stock up on, and once you build up your clan a fair bit you'll find yourself overflowing. The only added challenge to resource management is the increasing cost to expand every time you do so, but this results in a lot of wait time for resources to rebuild rather than strategy. Even if you are at a point where you have sufficient resources to last a good while, the clan's hapiness will start to inevitably decrease. One of the only ways to quickly remedy this is calling a feast (which simply costs food), though sometimes it gets to a point where a feast isn't enough and there is seemingly no other way to increase hapiness again. At this point you reach an exponential downfall since low hapiness = low production, and low production = no way to get hapiness back up.Having a pretty large selection of win conditions also makes it seem as if there are a lot of ways to strategize and still have fun, but in the end I had found that no matter what you do you end up at a point where you either are forced to wait a while for resources to accumulate or frantically make changes as the hapiness of your clan begins to drop.This is a really neat game, and having something that is Civ-like with more simplified mechanics seemded awesome at first. But after playing for a bit, it turns out this isn't the casual resource management and strategy game I was hoping for. It is charming and engaging at first but begins to fall very flag the more you play it."
76561198061553833,Recommended,466560,32216020,Posted: 6 June,all,Wafflez4859,Reminds me of AOM
76561198118669340,Recommended,466560,34050822,Posted: 5 August,all,IU,a very challenging game for me. 10/10
,Recommended,466560,34317011,Posted: 17 August,all,Brick,"Honestly, I gotta admit that I do not like strategies. At all. Yet this game is something else. It's not just a strategy but also a fun to play experience that offer multiplayer. + every viking fan should really own it, it's a must have.P.S. - it is worth the money!"
76561197992681922,Recommended,466560,31267199,Posted: 20 April,all,SirLogiC,"I myself don't like this game, but I do recomment it.Plays similar to The Settlers (the most modern versions). There are sectors, you need to scout and then pay food to control them. Sectors have building limits, forcing you to expand. The victory conditions are easy to reach, which makes this game fairly fast paced. If you play fast I can possibly see 20-30 minute games, maybe up to 1.5 hours tops, for a session. Definitely seems aimed at a competition play style.A lot of different ways to win. Nice graphics. Seems sparse on content, though expected for an early release."
76561198268412594,Recommended,466560,33786812,Posted: 25 July,all,McRemorseless,"Northgard is a very nice game. It has great potential and requires some skill to play. I would definitely recommend it although it has some issues that I find inconvenient (I KNOW that it's an early access game and it's normal in that stage):- When you have a big territory you can see only parts of it at one time, so it's hard to assign your warriors or villigers to far away places (VERY IMPORTANT)- There aren't many magma sources, so it's hard to build forges- The stone sources run out a bit to quickly- After something about 2 hours some fraction achieved trading victory, which I think is too fast, should at least take couple of hours, especially if you play on a big map (ALSO VERY IMPORTANT)I hope those things will be fixed some time soon.Overall I give it 7/10 with hope that it will get better."
,Recommended,466560,31555570,Posted: 5 May,all,Pumpkin King,great game
76561197989128490,Not Recommended,466560,32536606,Posted: 18 June,all,Zakariaz,"The game have a long way before becoming worth playing, it does have some fun features but it gets dull pretty fast, I would not recommend it at this point, but the general idea with the game is good and I think it can be a great game in the future."
,Recommended,466560,30716179,Posted: 24 March,all,TooManyShotguns,goodbuy itis good
76561198164923236,Recommended,466560,30443341,Posted: 11 March,all,CaptainSocrat,good game
,Recommended,466560,33985144,Posted: 2 August,all,FeverGreen,"Fairly good RTS game, uniquely includes a winter time, that for most clans (factions) get a loss in production and damage done. The troop micro control could be better, but the game is still in developement. Currently there is multiplayer and solo v AI, looking forward to having a campaign, that is listed as coming soon. Each of the currently 5 clans have some unique lore (tech/science tree). Wolf is currently overpowered if played correctly and luck of surrounding tiles. But with good strategy it can be over come, in the long game, if you can get it there with a hardy defense."
76561198030447602,Not Recommended,466560,33127897,Posted: 2 July,all,stevenvans,In the beginning it's a fun game. But you get bored really easy when you play with a friend. After 2 matches we stopped because you can't research new buildings. It just misses something6/10
,Recommended,466560,32168243,Posted: 3 June,all,Pharaoh,a breath of fresh air that was so desperately needed for the RTS genre.
,Recommended,466560,34762134,Posted: 5 September,all,Gwendoline,great game
,Recommended,466560,34572472,Posted: 29 August,all,Feedalee♥,don't forget breweries cuz SATURDAYS ARE FOR THE BOYS
76561198054667874,Recommended,466560,32596019,Posted: 20 June,all,WhiteDragon241,"I don't usually write reviews for games, however, for this game I feel I should. Northgard is an amazing concept for a strategy game. It doesn't have the complexity or length of other games such as AOE or Civilization. I find it much more relaxing and stress free of a game than the more difficult strategy games. Even though it is in early access, this game feels almost complete but I hope there is much more to come. For an early access game, this was worth the investment."
,Recommended,466560,31475289,Posted: 30 April,all,Eysenfield,"Northgard has a lot of potential! Try it out it allready is fun, eventhough it's nowhere to be finished-yet :)"
,Recommended,466560,33239530,Posted: 4 July,all,DrgonOF,GG
76561198011359465,Recommended,466560,30293860,Posted: 3 March,all,instantbuddha,"It is an extraordinary game. I have wanted to play something similar to Settlers for a long time and this has lot in common with it. It is not only a resource management game, however, as there are mystical creatures that can change the gameplay in a second. I really like the special events that you have to prepare for such as the arrival of some monsters through a portal, or earthquakes that can damage your buildings. It has an extraordinary style that resembles to Warcraft. An other important aspect is that you can win a game in several different ways and it makes the gameplay even more interesting."
76561198044180261,Recommended,466560,30339441,Posted: 5 March,all,JustSomeBacon,"Northgard is a fantastic little strategy game with a whole lot of heart. I have only put about 3.5 hours into the game so far, but from what I have played, it is, simply put, fun. I cannot wait to see where this game goes, how the story will play out and the drunken nights playing with friends over VOIP! Right now it is very shallow in the content that is available and at times I do find it incredibly tough, I'm slowly getting my head around keeping my clan happy but I am getting there, for an early access game, it is great! Props to the devs, keep up the good work!"
76561198013017822,Recommended,466560,30352361,Posted: 6 March,all,AA-ron,"I really like this game. Has a lot of Civilization similarities (but not nearly as long of a learning curve), Age of Empires game style approach, Settlers of Catan resource management, and Lords of the Realm 2 variations.Cons:1. When a villager doesn't go build something. Has to be close to the building location for him to start automatically.2. Why can't Berserker follow Chieftain and vice-versa?3. No walls4. Blacksmith for upgrading weapons/armor insteadPros:1. Quick to pick up and learn2. Looks gorgeous3. Smooth gameplay, except for a slight hesitation into the beginning of Winter.4. Large variety of ways to win5. Nice replay ability, but wish you could pick a map yourself or have it randomly generated6. I like the city builder styleWishlist:1. Had more tribes2. A winning cutscene for each win type3. More upgrades for buildings (castles?)4. Raid with ships5. More troop types (archer, crossbowman, etc)6. I'm use to how you select troops and people in Warcraft. I wish it was similar. Would seem faster to me. Idk...Overall an amazing game. Can't wait to see all the improvements they make in the Early Access stages."
76561198038523179,Recommended,466560,30737719,Posted: 25 March,all,trason0523,"I've managed a little over 10 hours on this game so far. I’ve won with every clan to date multiple ways. I like the early release content but I am not satisfied with how much I paid for it.PROS:•	I like the unique idea of not being able to build all your buildings in one central location. It forces you to expand and explore. It also makes you strategize as to where you gather resources, fame, and happiness. This also means you cannot fortify but neither can the enemy.•	Wildlife. I like the idea of wildlife blocking expansion or causing issues from areas you can’t see as they roam into your territory. Also, the interactions with the giants, the dragon, and the gate. I’d like to see more of this.•	Stone. If you’re not expanding, you run into issues quick maintaining a working economy. Stone helps by allowing you to upgrade your buildings. However, because stone is a limited resource, it forces you to think strategically, or buy a market. While I’d like to see more stone on a map, I like the idea of limited resources. I definitely wouldn’t limit stone any more than it is though.MEH:•	Multiclan selection. Nothing substantial changes between clans. This is true with most RTS games apart from visual differences. This game lack visual differences. There are some perks with each clan but not as substantial as I would like. Visual differences would improve this greatly.•	Metal. Metal is essential for upgrading units once, but that’s all it’s good for. I would like to see either a second upgrade, or some other use for metal like tower upgrades since you can only have 1 per plot.•	Healers. You must be on your own land to be healed. What I would like to see is limited range of healers instead. This allows forward bases to become more relevant. Placing a tower and a healer hut, expanding the range of healing to nonconverted lands. This may not be a decent fix however because fully upgraded healers, lore, huts, and 3 healers can do serious healing through damage. The reason this is most troublesome is with explorers. They are not healed when they take damage from exploring. You must rotate them out, or have them stay put for a period which means you must pay attention to them.•	Fame. It’s only relevant until you get to 500 but you can win with fame. I’d like to see more rewards, even minor ones, going up to 1,000.CONS:•	The maps are relatively small. Expansion quickly becomes problematic because everyone must expand. This means quick skirmishes to fight over resources early. Especially if you run into wildlife issues. I would like to see more wildlife on larger maps. Not so large it becomes difficult to win by domination but perhaps a map size editor added to single and multiplayer options in the future. I feel this is a con because your starting point becomes so important. Even on easy, maintaining an economy seems more to do with how many troops you need, and how quickly.•	As of right now, there are still bugs. The map can get this crystalloid (it looks like a crystal shooting off rays) bug that blocks the view of the map and gets worse the longer you play. I don’t know what triggers it but you must save and load the game to get rid of it.•	No campaign. No multiplier. ‘nouf said.•	It’s too easy. Single player does not take long. If the enemy is in a great location with plenty of resources, you’ll probably lose quickly from lore, trade, or fame. However, if you get a great location, the game is over in about an hour. I think the overall difficulty of winning, other than by domination, should be harder.Because of a lack of campaign content, lack of visual differences and adequate lore differences, bugs, inability to alter map sizes, resources that become obsolete, and healer mechanics. I’d rate this game 2 of 5 stars for early release. Subtle changes could improve this substantially.  However, I am excited to see the full extent of this game. I hoping for a long and generous campaign for every clan with objectives focusing on their strengths. An ability to change map size. Fixing the bugs. Even larger lore differences, or visual differences. This game could be well worth it’s money."
76561198142701929,Not Recommended,466560,32383350,Posted: 13 June,all,COLD-OLD-CHICKEN,"I've played this game for just under two hours and these are my observations;- It's aesthetically great with a lot of depth and interesting little additions that make playing the game really interesting.- The game play is smooth for the most part and flows well, there are a couple of clunky little bits like when the seasons changed for me the screen froze for a fraction of a second but it's really pretty good other than that.- The game play itself is interesting for the most part however I found selecting or moving units to be a little troublesome especially if they are grouped together and you only want to select a certain type of unit.While I enjoyed playing it I couldn't help but feel that at the moment, in it's current iteration, that at times it felt like a better looking, smoother and more expensive version of a mobile game such a Farmville etc..All in all, this has the makings of a good game but isn't quite there yet... With some work this game could be really good, however I don't think it's worth the £14.99 price tag (yet). I will definitely be keeping an eye on this game in the future and hope that the devs. continue to work on it to make it a good finished product."
76561198007669286,Recommended,466560,34914869,Posted: 13 September,all,woolllybully_EMU,great   game   needs a  bit of patching  an absolute  must have  if you are  from  boring norway ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sweden  smelly finland  or  dopey denmark  and  wear a  spikey  helmet  carry an  axe and never bathe .. very nice  game
76561198028413384,Not Recommended,466560,33822400,Posted: 26 July,all,S4RGE77,"I really wanted to enjoy this game but after a few hours in, I realize the game pretty much forces on you what to build next. Move into a new area, ok Ill have to mine stone. Ok stone all gone now I have to expand and do whatever the smaill section allows me to do. This game has a puzzle feel to its micro management while again, leading you on a path of required things to build. Plays the same almost every game. Will this change with further development? Not sure, but untill then, this isnt for me. JMHO."
76561198059513414,Recommended,466560,34193195,Posted: 12 August,all,gap_81,"Northgard is a very casual RTS game with a lovely viking themed asthetic and a focus on survival and resource managment more so than aggresive expansion and military conflict. Though there is plenty of fighting to be had if that is your thing, it is not the paramount way to achieve victory in this game, nor the major focus of game play like other RTSs.Northgard is one of those games that causes you to frequently adapt your stratgey mid stream, from the build orders of your structures, to frequently the adjusting your populations roles, to dealing with the lastes world event (im looking at you blizzard).  It takes a little time getting use to the unique mechanics which it incorporates, making the experince different from other RTS games ive played.While simple in nature and quick to pick up after a few play throughs, I am still finding it engaging. Once the general game mechanics are mastered it remains a fun and casual experince. Emphasis on casual. At this time it lacks the depth and grand strategy of other games...but its simple charm and ease of play make for an enjoyable experince none the less.This being an early access exeprience, that is subject to change some...but even if it doesnt i think there is a market for casual RTS games like this. Easpecially if they manage to balance multiplayer welk and make that a fun way to kill time, and dire wolves, and frost giants, and each other; with your friends.If you enjoyed games like Age of Empire, Majesty, or the original Warcraft...it's probably worth a look."
,Recommended,466560,33774833,Posted: 24 July,all,Perk Princess,"Micromanagement the Viking video game. Compete with up to 5 other players to complete a victory condition, whilst balancing your resource income with the few villagers avaliable to you.So this is a game I picked up early on, before Crow and Bear clans were added to the game. I actually think this makes my purchase the moment it entered EA. So my 52 hours as of this time writing has been spent pretty evenly between updates.This game is best described as a micromanagement strategy game. Whilst working towards one of the five victory conditions to win a game, you will be constantly shuffling your workers about various tasks, as you try to keep yourself and your clan alive. You will often never have enough workers at any one time, so you will never often be idle whilst you're struggling to keep your clan alive. Between striving to have an excess of food and wood to survive the harshest winters, you'll also need to have enough workers studying ancient runes for technology, as well as collecting gold to cover your taxes as merchants. And of course, you also need just enough of a military presence to ward off the wild creatures of Northgard - or even a more aggressive player.* Charming art style. Almost every building and worker is unique and easy to quickly identify.* Simple UI streamlines things. Your resources are easy to keep track of, as is your population, without you being overwhelmed by any obtuse or complex menus. Anything that isn't readily avaliable on the game screen is reachable within one click.* You will not often be sitting around waiting for something to do, at least until the very end game, when the game is actually drawing to a close.* A lot of variety in win conditions giving the game a bit of depth in regards to how you play out a game, from begining to end.* The combat is simplistic but varied enough that focused micro can often win you battles you would have lost. Though this is no Brood War, there is a little satisfaction in having been able to peel back weaker units to maximize your damage without suffering losses. It's worth saying that combat is really not the focus of the game, but the systems that are there are solid and bug free. However, bigger clashes are often decided by who has more, as there's no real depth in unit selection.Overall, I would say if you want a game to occupy your time for two hours at a time, I would recommend this to you. It's easy to be sucked into a game with the constant fiddling and management you need to do, only to discover at the end of the game that you had just lost a couple of hours to it."
76561198263427469,Recommended,466560,30124297,Posted: 23 February,all,Rurik,"I am a huge fan of strategy games. I still remember when my father brought Civilization on a floppy disk and how he presented me with a CD of Age of Empires and brought me CD with Heroes III when he came from a business trip. I remember the first time when I played with my brother against each other in Starcraft. I remember how I played Warcraft II at school during computer lessons. I perfectly remember my feelings when I played KKnD, Earth 2140 and Red Alert. I thank god that I discoveredBattle.netin 2004. I reached Top-1000 in 1v1 Europe. I played all custom maps. So I was really happy when Starcraft II was released. I passed all campaigns on Brutal with all achievements. I am Diamond terrain in 1v1. So I can definitely say that my opinion about this game is valuable.When Starcraft II was released the RTS genre wasn't so popular as it was 5-10 years ago. So after SCII release there are almost no high-quality RTS games. I was happy when I found Northgard in ""Upcoming releases"". I had no doubts when it came to buying this game yesterday.I launched the game and started a single scenario. There is no tutorial in the game so I spent the first hour of playing trying to understand what exactly I should to do here. It seems funny but I understood how to build workers only after 20m of gameplay. Anyway, I like the process of cognition. I restarted the scenario about 5 times when I finally realized what I should do.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=870494931Northgard is an unusual RTS game. It contains some elements from Settlers, AoE and other popular strategy titles. I liked the resulting mix. There is no micromanagment like in Warcraft or Starcraft. The gameplay is relaxed and unhurried. You have a lot of time to make decisions. I think this feature will make the game popular among players.You start with 3 peasants and you should develop your settlement by collecting food, gathering wood/stones/iron. The map is hidden so you should train scouts to make it visible. The playing field is divided into regions. Each one could contain some resources or special elements like crypts, altars and monster's den which are usually defended by a group of monsters.So the main objective in the game is to expand your territory and rise to power to get enough resources to reach one of the victory conditions. There are some of them: destroy all other clans, collect 7k gold, learn all lores, get 1k authority etc.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=870495064As I said before I really like the gameplay despite the fact that there is little content. The development of base is interesting until you reveal all the buildings. There is only 1 upgrade for each building and 1 for each unit. There are only 2 enemies + boss unit. Random events are all the same. You lose food, buildings get damaged or monsters come through portals.The combat system is poor and boring. There is only 2 types of warriors with no micromanagment. There is only 1 game tactic now. You make a stack of 3 warriors and send them attack. If there is a tower you should add a chieftain. You heal them after and recruit new warriors to maximum and send attack again. Repeat until you win... Boring...http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=870495089When I completed single scenario after 3 hours of gaming against 3 AI on hard I realized that I didn’t want to play this game anymore. Why? Because the next session will be exactly the same as the previous one. There is no replayability yet by the reason of lack of content.Upd. I have started a new session today and my thoughts were right. I closed the game after 30m playing.The game is good and seems promising. It looks pretty. I liked the gameplay. I haven't seen any bugs except for 1 game crash :D. I am sure the game will turn into an awesome game in future. But for now, I think the price of 20$ is too high for 3-4 hours of gameplay. I will definitely change my opinion in the future when the campaign or multiplayer will be released and the game will become deeper.I can't recommend Northgard in its current state.- - -UPD. 13.07So, 5 months has passed. I have decided to try this game again. What do you think has changed?Devs added multiplayer (nothing new, just playing with real people), new fraction (Raven), 2 new units (Axeman and Shiled Bearer), some balance and UI changes and.... Hmm. That's all. That's all what devs added to the game for 5 months (they said, EA stage will take up to 6 months), but the game is far far away from finishing. It's still a ""good concept of the game"". So, it looks like, devs was so impressed with sales, so they decided to take long 4 month holidays. Ok, it's just my opinion. Let's speak about the game.I haven't played against Bots anymore, because it's boring. So i got about ~10-15 games in multiplayer last week. Game is awesome in some ways and is really terrible in other ways.First of all, there is no dedicated server. All games are hosted by players. So if host suddenly  decides to leave (because he is a loser, for example), the game is over for all other player. The second techincal problem are lags. Sometimes, they are so terrible, so you can lose a 100% winning fight.Random is bad. If you are out of food or iron or sheeps (if you are goat), or coast areas (if you are raven) you will 90% lose.I complain about balance of clans of too. Stag is really imbalanced in the current state.Also, developers are adding new content really slowly. They wanted to leave EA in 2-6 months, but 5 months passed and they added only 2 extra clans, 2 new units, some UI changes and,.... That's all. There is campaign? There is new areas, enemies, victory conditions, new maps?- - -Upd. 03.08Multiplayer even in current state with a lack of content and features is pretty addictive. I have played for 50h+, so i can't give this game negative raating anymore. Thumbs up! Will wait for new content. Good job, developers!I only advice you to improve battle system and improve starting (0-15m) gameplay, because it is really straight and boring."
76561198143102695,Recommended,466560,32246732,Posted: 7 June,all,Haevaof Gaming,Itz gr8 yes
,Recommended,466560,31347232,Posted: 24 April,all,Roxby,"This is a great game, can't wait for multiplayer."
76561198059055421,Recommended,466560,31444827,Posted: 29 April,all,iGorilla,"Turned off all ways of winning a game except for defeating your enemy.1v1 vs computerFirst year, find a nice area for farmingRight before winter hits, computer decides to invade my farmers and kills oneWinter is long and some of my villagers starve because he killed my farmerVow revengeProceed to dominate and take over every single block of landSurround computer on all sidesHe has no extra money or food resourcesI sell him food for free just to keep him alive and let him know I own himI control every resource in the gameStack up gold and foodBuild a training camp in every single block for max attack troopsconvert every unit i have in the game into warriorssurround computers village with hundreds of warrriorsattack at the same timenext time you better think twice before attacking my farmer ♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would be extra petty again"
76561198073040489,Not Recommended,466560,32552163,Posted: 18 June,all,hytyotwo,"This game was fun for a while, but it got stale for me pretty quickly. I can see why it would be fun but if you're not into warcraft-esque games, then I'd abstain from this one"
,Recommended,466560,32221912,Posted: 6 June,all,nicolò,VALHALLA
76561197960389262,Not Recommended,466560,33867347,Posted: 28 July,all,Slin,This game has some potential but multiplayer is basically unplayable due to poor netcode and/or unfixed bugs and crappy balance. I don't agree with the dev's priorities.
,Not Recommended,466560,30444795,Posted: 11 March,all,GrumpyPirate™,"Currently a No but keep reading, its not quite so simple.Like so many other early access games this one has a huge amount of potential but the question is if it will be fullfilled. Its rare for me to back early access games but this one seemed to have a decently solid foundation and that it does however it is still EXTREMELY bare boned. You will have mastered and played through all the content in a couple of hours, tops.The game is fun and intuititve and is a nice throwback to older games like the earlier settlers with a bit more of a modern pitch that, for once, isnt harmfull. If devs keep building this game, and i mean adding several times over the current content, then it might end up being a incredibly good game worth even more than the current pricing. If they do not however its gonna be another EA rippoff.Music needs atleast 10+ more tracks, needs more units and map variety, a huge amount of more events and preferably also making them choice based, tweaks and improvements to unit, technology etc and so on.In short, solid basic foundation that can either sprout to something very impressive or wilt to another EA dissapointment. Only reason i am currently not recommending it however is that at its current stage it isnt worth anything even near this price, once the game updates and improves, adds features and content i am very much hoping to change my recommendation to a solid Yes."
76561198176168738,Recommended,466560,30114525,Posted: 23 February,all,Mike,Excellent game! I highly recommend getting this.Cant wait for multiplayer :)
76561198043081311,Recommended,466560,30172247,Posted: 25 February,all,song of goose,"This game is a wonderful and refreshing re-imagination of an RTS. Gameplay is intuitive and fun. Beautiful art style adds to a relaxing and immersive experience.This game is easily worth the early-access price tag, and I'm looking forward to seeing what new features will be released."
76561198055549948,Recommended,466560,30178745,Posted: 25 February,all,scrappyjwg13,"not normally one to buy early access either but this is definitely one i reccomend gettingwhile most games of this type can start off pretty slow this game can go very quickly if you are not prepared. while the is little depth at the moment i didnt expect their to be much in early access. the random Events so to speak are a nice twist but they dont come so quickly as to immediately screw you they give you some chance to counter them.lack of hotkeys so far is an issue as is some lack of tutorial. the jury is out on the randomised maps so far i have found issues with them. the is no way currently for you to edit the map to make it fair for all sides. e.g. like is Civiliation games. that means if and AI gets lucky with multiple lore areas nearby, a lack of enemies or say one of the unigue zones that have personalised victories. unless your scouts can find it quickly and you have the military to counter the AI can get a frustratingly quick victory with little you can do about it."
76561197993767865,Recommended,466560,30196187,Posted: 26 February,all,Stix,"Awesome game, great little RTS.  Can't wait to see how it evolves as more features are introduced.  More than worth the price for the single player experience on offer already though."
,Recommended,466560,30343367,Posted: 5 March,all,Handsome Black Guy,"To begin with, the game is beautiful and I really enjoyed what I played. If the developers read this, they have the basis of a great game. BUT I wouldn't recommend it unless you are willing to either play a series of short games or wait for the devs to increase the gamespan.However, in my playtime of 93 minutes at the time of writing, I have already begun and won the game. I started the game and jumped in blind on ""normal"" and won in about an hour and a half.Northgard seems like its inspired by Settlers, which is a good thing as I love the city-building aspect of that game, with its increasingly complex needs as you rank-up mired only by what I consider contrived and boring combat.I didn't find that my clan struggled at all while I played this, without really knowing what I was doing I was able to build a huge supply of food which needed almost zero expansion (I still don't really know how to make food) from the sheep I was given at the start of the game. I later found three more sheep and there we were, I had huge amounts of food which produced more than double than what I was getting with an upgraded farm with three villagers assigned to it.The upgrading system, when I saw it, really excited me. I love the idea of having one really strong region which branches off into a lot of weaker regions and then gradually expanding my fortifications. However, this aspect fell flat as each building has one tier of upgrades, so once you've upgraded you're town hall, you never have to touch it for the rest of the game.While I stand by what I said about the graphics being very, very pretty - I didn't receive much of a ""viking"" vibe from them. Aside from the fighting units, which are your standard double-headed axe and horned helmets (inb4 ""historical inaccuracies nyuhhhhh"") affair, and you warchief having a sword and rounded shield; the rest of your villagers have a standard medieval peon look to them, and the healer looks like a typical mystic wizard.What I would like to see:1. Expanded troop trees :  I imagine this is going to happen anyway, but to be able to branch off our troops - so perhaps after some time spent as the basic guy, we can spend iron to upgrade them to different troops which look cooler.2. Expanded building upgrade trees: With how difficult food management can get once your clan grows further than my two upgraded sheep-farms and upgraded normal farm could manage, I believe building upgrades should first focus on efficiency so that we don't have to constantly expand and build houses and have more tiers so that of course some look completely badass while not requiring about 8 lumberjacks just so that I can get through a blizzard without spending all my money on surplus wood.3. Better combat - maybe this would come naturally with expanded troop trees, but currently the combat boils down to smacking some guys into a region and then standing around while they heal afterwards. I personally don't like this and some way to make it more strategic would certainly be enjoyed (bonuses for defending? debuffs for attackers? some kinds of troops ignore debuffs?)4. Change the villager selection system - It's very irritating to want to assign someone as a miner but selecting a villager sends your camera flying across the map. Maybe just have it show a list of villagers in that role (so left clicking your farmers brings up a list of all your farmers, with a name (such as ""Erik Olafssen"") and their current activity, without the camera having to pan to them.PS: I won't refund this product as I think the developers have done a good enough job as to deserve my money, and I hope they expand the game later in development as they have a potential gem here."
,Recommended,466560,30362190,Posted: 6 March,all,xertioN,Reminds me of Age of Empires back in the day. Its a unique concept and a lot of fun
,Recommended,466560,30754584,Posted: 26 March,all,Waeno,"Havent bought an EA game in a long time, couldn't resist this one. So far the game is great, and i forsee exellent things on the horizon.update : may 29 2017i play this game alot. i feel like its what i wanted from banished. this is a hybrid survival rts. there is still quite a bit missing from the game at this time (multiplayer / campaign) but as an EA title i am impressed. It has crashed on me once, and i have played ALOT.pros:visualsgameplayrepeat game playdifficultycons:missing contenti think there is only one looping background song. (its good... but when youve put in alot of hours)"
,Recommended,466560,30115387,Posted: 23 February,all,Xadro,"First game went great, had 2 armies with an Axe Thrower and Warchief as leaders with 5 warriors each and was about to destroy a puny clan and boom got defeated because a third unknown clan got the Wisdom conditionLove the game, will play again."
76561198098481662,Recommended,466560,30115403,Posted: 23 February,all,大虾,winter is coming!!!!
76561197999494448,Recommended,466560,30133570,Posted: 23 February,all,Paratrooper82,"I don't nearly have enough hours to make an opinion. But I can tell you this from almost one hour of gameplay:This game reminds me of the old settlers games, and with that I mean the old ones, a lot of us grew up with. It feels the same, just in a new and better kind of way. Alone for bringing back those memories I would give this game a thumbs up.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skZfK_ndDh0So far all in all I literally could not find a single negative aspect to this game.+brings back memories+nice graphics+nice gameplay+good sized maps+VIKINGS!!!+research tree+lots of buildings and advanced building options+awesome encounters (other factions, wolves, monsters, events)+pretty hard resource and settler/viking managementI am really impressed by this game so far and can't wait until they add more, and add multiplayer. This game gives you a super relaxed and nice strategy feeling. Gaining settlers, converting them into warrios, wood cutters, stone masons, farmers, lore masters, is massive fun, as well as extending your territory and building up your viking empire. I really like this game so far and will put up a gameplay video pretty soon."
76561198007575785,Recommended,466560,30201584,Posted: 26 February,all,vidsports8,Super fun RTS with loads of potential.
,Recommended,466560,30232940,Posted: 27 February,all,EugezOne,Not bad!!! Not Bad!!
76561198338397067,Not Recommended,466560,30240996,Posted: 28 February,all,bds315,"I would not recomment this game at this TIME! The game does, however, have potential. It is not worth the current price. Let me give you the facts: The game is very limited in features and you will get an understanding of the game within an hour. Also, there are only TWO combat units. The game has some really cool elements that in time will blossom. This is not the time and the price needs to be lowered. I would say its worth about 5 bucks at its current state. I got my refund but I may rebuy the game if I notice any notable improvments on strategy and multiplayer aspects. Very beautiful and satisfying to play in the short term, but no longer term potential at this time."
,Recommended,466560,30268375,Posted: 1 March,all,Jachymor,"In short: Viking Settlers, the digital board game. Big focus on resource and worker management, basic combat and pleasing art style. Could do well with more ways of player interaction other than bashing heads in. Many victory paths, some seem easier than others.Good for: Slow-paced strategists, micromanagers and board game loversBad for: Complex, fast paced strategists and complete package seekers"
,Recommended,466560,30120424,Posted: 23 February,all,Shinoera_,"Actually, i dont like this kind of game, but when i play it, it's so fun yeah :D"
,Recommended,466560,30123378,Posted: 23 February,all,garry,"Very polished, bug free, runs great. The kind of game you can sit down and play for 4 hours without realising.Looking forward to the updates!"
,Recommended,466560,30200016,Posted: 26 February,all,Sapphic Neko,"Decided to give this a go and pleasantly surprised!Its a bit like a mix of Settlers and Civilization.There are a few bugs, like with 3440x1440 res theres only a small area in middle of screen where i can select/build on which is annoying as heck :o but i'm sure it'll be fixed.Also some minor bugs like upgrading a house was said to give +3 population, but only gave me +2.But overall, its really fun. I like the mix of having finite and infinite resources."
,Recommended,466560,30207882,Posted: 26 February,all,DevildogFF,"Not much I can add to the positive reviews here, other than add another positive review.France is producing some really awesome indie studios and you can add these guys. This is something really special!"
76561198345349970,Recommended,466560,30242271,Posted: 28 February,all,ortomate_s,"First of all. I LOVE THE GAME :)So far so good enjoyed every bit of the game, pretty much believe I mastered the game already. Hard mode is not challenging at all at this point, I can easily defeat all foes and achieve victory by any winning condition with any clan.A few concerns however,1. I saw a wyvern and yggdrasil during my first few game plays, however Ive played many many more games afterward (10+) and did not get to see them ever again. There needs to be a mode where I can choose which NPCs to appear on the map instead of 100% random gen. As I am writing, I got another Heinhelm spawn instead of the wyvern or Yggdrasil, so I am restarting the game.2. Current events such as rat infestation, tremor and blizzard are interesting and fun thank you, but the game would be much more fun with more events. Heinhelm portal invasion occurs way too late in the game often making that event have no effect on the game. There needs to be more events to make you feel you are really struggling to survive!3. AI opponents dont do much. They dont really invade nor do I feel they try to achieve victory. They often play their own civilization game in their territory. Kind of feel like I am in a different game.4. Nothing much to do with Longships. The amount of fame/lore it produces cant really compare with the amount I can produce simply with loremasters or skolars yet it takes 2 population to get it going!!5. Changing population's jobs by selecting them and assigning them to buildings is kind of tedious. It gets more tedious when I have a mining worker ten tiles away from any house, and he has to run allllllllllllllllllllllllllll the way back to where a house is in order for him to do anything after the mine is depleted.I am sure more updates and contents will come out in the future anyway including more clans and units.Anyway, the music is great, the game itself is great thanks a lot keep up the good work!"
76561198355264734,Recommended,466560,30269288,Posted: 1 March,all,give you leg room,"good game, needs content"
,Recommended,466560,30271492,Posted: 1 March,all,ManiacWong,No way you will dislike it if you are a RTS fan
,Recommended,466560,30274114,Posted: 2 March,all,「Synoh」,"Northgard or also known as: ""The Settlers but with vikings"" is a simple strategy game. You're playing the leader of one of 3 clans that are currently playable: The Wolf; the Stag and the Goat. Each starts with different advantages and bonuses.To win the game you can either play offensive by dominating up to 3 AI players by distroying their headquarters or defensive by gaining a minimum of fame, money or knowledge before anyone else. One game normally takes about 2 hours.The maps are divided in small areas that first needs to be explored by scouts before they can be taken in exchange for food. Some areas however will have enemies on them, those arears first have to be cleared by your military force which should be acquired as soon as possible.To conquer new areas, populating and defending them, it all makes alot of fun. However, it's easy to tell that the game is currently in an ""Early access"" state. Just a short list of buildings are available and the maps are also tiny and overall the game is way too short. This makes the game boring after about 2 games and I hope there will be added more to it.This game definitly has its potential, it's a decent and enjoyable game, however with the little content it currently possesses, it's not worth the 20$. I would recommend to wait a little until the campaign and the multiplayer modes are added to the game."
76561198117634707,Recommended,466560,30279017,Posted: 2 March,all,Ridgway500,"Good Game! Has lots of potential, looking forward to the future updates."
,Recommended,466560,30302652,Posted: 3 March,all,SherlockDom3z,"I love the solid gameplay, its hard to find many games like this. Being early access it has a few things to work out but i can see this game thriving. One of the negavtives i would have to say is the lack of being able to build in areas, Some areas are huge but only allow 2 buidlings to be built which is kind of ridiculous. Other than that a very SOLID game. looking forward to the updates."
76561197970932378,Recommended,466560,30306377,Posted: 3 March,all,johndehope3,"Well it was game 3 on easy, and I finally got a victory! I'm really enjoying this. The pace is comfortable, it's not an RTS, nor is it turn based, but feels just right to me. The scale is low, which is a breath of fresh air, no more 8 level deep tech trees, or end game units that cost 80,000 resources. The economy is quite good, you might need to think about leaving buildings unmanned for a bit, or torching and moving to another spot, you can't just spam buildings and spike your production at will. I love the random maps, that's what originally got me hooked into buying this title. The devs recently added the ability to turn on and off victory conditions, but what about *randomly* switching them? You'd have to pick a clan without knowing exactly what strategies are available for victory. I love replayability like that. Anyway this is a fun, well paced, city builder.Oh boy I forgot to mention anything about the ui and gfx. They're A-title grade. The art style reminds me of Dishonored which is nice. I find everything to be very easy to understand and find. Everything I need to know, it tells me. The way the mini-map starts off zoomed in and slowly, as you discover more territory, expands outward, is a nice touch.Bugs wise, I've seen a few. I once sent my whole army into a territory, just to watch them all spontaneously die as soon as they cross the border. And I've seen peasants who seemed to be stuck on buildings, running in place. But I just rebooted the recent auto-save and it seemed to work itself out. All in all I haven't seen any major problems at all.[Update] I just won my second game. This time I got a trade victory. Very nice! The best part was when I realized this angry yellow wolf clan guy was just about to hit his lore victory. His warriors made even my own chieftain tremble. Well wouldn't you know it but all my trading posts had been hard at work feeding the local jotunn all the fish, grain, and lamb I could produce. Right at the end of the game they became my friends, Blain joined my crew, and let me tell you, we stomped the ever loving horned helmets out of those rascal wolf clan interlopers! And then we made a small mint and I won. So yeah, two thumbs up, would befriend ancient norse mythological giants again."
,Recommended,466560,30342972,Posted: 5 March,all,xThinkTank,"I have been looking forward to this game for some time now. I was not disappointed. It's a great combination of games like Warcraft, Clash of Clans, and Civilization. It looks fantastic and plays very intuitively. It's very nicely balanced and it took me many play throughs to understand the pace of the game. There was a good blend of tip prompts and letting you figure stuff out for yourself.It does seem to break down into a race mid-late game and you really have to pick which win condition you're going for, as well as trying to keep the competetion from reaching theirs. I wish this was spaced out a little more and I had more time to really expand and make my kingdom as big and varietous as possible.  Having to scramble and cut off the enemy's Lore production or keep them from reaching the tree felt like I was no longer playing a settlement builder and makes the resource management and balance that you've finally achieved feel obsolete.  Something like this I think could be fixed by including different game types or allow very specific custom game rule sets.As I was playing early on I wanted to have a time-dilation feature to simply speed things up when I'm waiting on resources, but towards the end it seems like things are going too fast and I need to slow things down to properly examine my options and make choices. Even just a pause button while still in game would help when time is of the essence but you need to weigh some numbers.Some sort of persistent element could really take this game a long way.  Heroes may be cool to have instead of or alongside your warlord/berserker. Maybe you can customize your warlord as you play and you carry him along with you a la the dynasties in Tropico.  This would give you a lot of customization options both in game as you upgrade your warlord but also as you complete games. I would really like to see something like this be mostly if not all cosmetic so as to avoid the often inevitable pitfall of pay-to-play or pay-to-win models.MORE STATS! I want to be able to pull up a graph and see how much my resources dip in the winter, how much my population is growing over time, etc. This information is all there but you have to really pay attention and remember exactly what you've done and who you've assigned where. Some simple graphs could be very helpful. Maybe this is added by having a new building which requires a statistician to be assigned, so it's not just free information, but I'd like to see something like it nonetheless. Also, post game statistics would be great to see, especially in a game of multiple players.I very much am looking forward to playing the campaign, but multiplayer is what I'm really excited for. I think that's where this game can shine, in a digital Catan or Risk type of way. It's also why a persistent element could immensely increase the replayability for people who are already sold on the mechanics and aesthetic.All in all I'm super happy with this game being Early Access and being as complete as it is. I'd surely recommend it because I'd like to see people support the devs early on finacially as well as weighing in on the game itself. Not to mention to have a handle on it for when multiplayer finally drops!Definitely worth 20 bucks8/10 - for now"
76561197967641091,Recommended,466560,30547325,Posted: 16 March,all,cybermus,"I do recommend this game, i have abit of old settlers fell to it, and i love the classic settlers.I would say the game have a long way to go befor its a great game, right now its fare from done and many things needs to be added to the game, but it have the basics down and they fell good.For what it lacks is more combat units, better trading and ways to become allies with other factions, better functions to select your combat units or villagers, bigger tech tree and more upgrades to each building and maybe differnet upgrade options like a farm could be other then just grain, could see a multiplayer function in this game aswell."
76561198067297534,Recommended,466560,30815463,Posted: 29 March,all,Re-L Mayer,Had fun for a few hours.Needs more content.Not worth 20$Worth 10$
76561198197806527,Recommended,466560,30869451,Posted: 31 March,all,Dick Rockhard Johnson,"Already amazing!  Would highly recomend, even if you're not into RTS games. Can't wait to see what the Dev's have in store for the full game!"
,Not Recommended,466560,32799081,Posted: 25 June,all,Bananer,"Essentially an oversimplified Civ. Game has very little gameplay to it. Almost nothing happens throughout the game, all situations easy to solve and quickly becoming repetitive. No real strategy elements because of clear guidelines from the game or too few game mechanics. Domination victory (defeating all enemies using force) much easier and viable than all other method making them redundant. Game offers very little replayability with it's lack of game mechanics.5/10. Decent game. Buy it during a sale if you want a couple of hours entertainment.(Although game is still in early access so there is a slight hope for improvement in the future)"
76561197961991882,Not Recommended,466560,32961484,Posted: 28 June,all,Alexio,"They have the bugs all worked out, so it's a smooth play; however, at the moment, the game is very dull. Once you get past the whole ""yay vikings"" part, you realize that, in terms of mechanics and concept, it's one of the poorer RTS games on the market. The territorial combat is a buzz kill; you attack a territory and realize that ur getting ur butt handed to you; just walk back over the border and the ai stops chasing you despite having an army that could wipe you off the map.I couldn't bring myself to play more than a few skirmish matches.The good: graphics are worked out and there's no bugs.The bad: lazy and overly simple game mechanics, stupid ai, and no lore/motivation that would make you wanna play this for any longer than you feel is enough to evaluate an RTS."
76561198100193718,Recommended,466560,30112658,Posted: 22 February,all,CptBaguette,"Its easy to learn and fun to play, will be even better when fully finished!"
76561198008069462,Recommended,466560,30116693,Posted: 23 February,all,rijstkorrel,"Im really loving the feel and the artistic style of this game. content wise its still a bit shallow. but its still in early access so what can you expect. this game as a lot of potential. the seasons and natural disastar are a nice addition.ros:+STYLE!+Graphics+Seasons+Random Events (though not too many so far)+Territory Conquest+Tech Tree+Fun+Strategy is required!Cons/Suggestions:-Unit variety is too limited - needs cavalry, archers-Map Customization options are too limited - need geography sliders, victory condition options, etc.-Defensive fortifications are too limited - need a fort and palisades-Would like to see some Persistent Element to the game - ideally in the form of a customizable warchief that carries with you between games.-limited content- only 3 playable factions (early access what did you expect)"
76561197999201062,Recommended,466560,30127877,Posted: 23 February,all,Dr.Wombat Warrior,"If you remember (I 'member) the settlers games this is right up your ally, if not dont fret I will explain. First its an rts, but not like starcraft or AOE, think more like an rts catan or risk. You control areas, which produce resources, which you use to take more areas, and then get a victory condition. At current each game takes anywhere from 45min to 2hours for me on hard, so if all you do is buy it and play each of the three current clans once, you are getting at least 2.5 to 6 hours of gameplay.The maps are procedural and at current no 2 games have felt the same, with variation so great that each map poses a unique set of problems to overcome. The devs are very active as proven by the day 2 patch. I have had some FPS issues, typically at a season change, but they resolve quickly, aka <20s and the fps recovers. Definatly worth it, but if you arnt sure then watch the many youtube and decide from there."
,Recommended,466560,30182065,Posted: 25 February,all,Tehbeardedgamer,"I have to say this is the type of RTS i've been waiting for.  Only issue is no dong slider. Lets get right into it.ProsStrategic game play requires you to not only fend off the enemies but you are also suriving against your own economy. Your buildings will burn, your people will startve, your clan will freeze and all new members will cease to join your clan if you cant manage this.Beautiful game play and graphics. You dont have any down time you will always have an objective to take or something to be mindfull of.Ai is not dumb and the present a challenge.Cons.Game pace is a little slow but I can understand the reasons behind it. This is much more micro involved once you get your inital food hold.Lack of hotkeys afikThe more land you control the more expensive it is to conquer a new zone. Meanwhile when you are pushing in an enemy if you cant afford to conquer it they can for relatively no cost once you get closer to their base so a lot of time is wasted recapping zones back and forth between you and them so you can push in. You can however leave a unit in the zone and they cant cap it until that unit dies.Lack of combat units. Only 1 meele unit aside from the beserker and the warlord.lack of technology upgrades to counter play your enemy.Healers heal many zones away as long as its inyour territory allowing your unites to get healed in battle when pushing as long as you are in a friendly zone.Resources do not deplete except for mining nodes. Once they are used there is not getting more on the map. You can buy more from a market but it takes a while to generate the resources.Unit growth seems slow in terms of gaining more units.nothing really offputting just some balancing issues.SuggestionsIncrease unit production 20-30% This will increase the speed of gameplay. Currently 1 map can take nearly two hours.Healers should only heal the zone they are built in much like towers only defend their zone.Add weapon upgrades in game aside from the lore tech.Add more units to allow for counter play. maybe a trifecta of sorts.  1 beats 2 but two beats 3 and 3 beats 1WIll be adding more."
,Recommended,466560,30230104,Posted: 27 February,all,PrestonGaming,Warcraft 4 confirmed.
,Recommended,466560,30238625,Posted: 28 February,all,Jean-Claude Van Damme,"My first early access game, and I'm totally happy with the purchase.So my 4 hours of in-game review.Pros:-Love the graphics, not so demanding but its pretty.-The gameplay is good, not that tricky, but not that easy as well. Multiple ways to win the game but i prefer kill other AI players hehe.-As for now, the content IMHO a bit shallow, but it's early access, so future content might be great. It has potential!Cons:-Can't get MSI afterburner overlay to work,not sure why.-Can't get Nvidia share overly to work also,not sure why.Pretty sure can be fix later on. :)Excited to see what's coming."
,Recommended,466560,30365308,Posted: 6 March,all,Pickle Rick,"Great game! The normal setting is quite challenging at first with out knowing what your doing. Truely is all about balance and management. I could see the wolf clan being pretty stong. By building an early trading post, just for the passive income, and rushing an early warchief, would be pretty devistating to deal with early game. You could also rush a lore build to grab the berserker who is insanely broken. You pair a warcheif with a berseker and 5-15 warriors you will roll through anyone if they do not have atleast a warchief of their own, and a defence tower along side 5-10 warriors. I have only played a few games of Ram clan and 1 game of both wolf and stag. Every clan has there perks. I can not stess enough how important scouts are. Scouts can make or severly hinder your game pretty quickly. By discovering all 3 clans and even the jotummr ( I think thats how it is spelt) your could generate some insane income early game through trading/sailors, and really put in some work.TLDR; Buy the game. Super well built for an EA title. Tons of potential with the multiplayer/campaign whenever it is released."
76561198108760839,Recommended,466560,30828794,Posted: 30 March,all,Muna,Great work regarding this is an alpha version. Will keep following
,Not Recommended,466560,31860449,Posted: 20 May,all,Exchequer,"I remember playing the Settlers Anniversary edition for days and hoped for a similar experience. However I  have played this game for 3 hours in which I played about 2-3 games. After that I sort of went through all the available buildings. In the end there was nothing more to learn.I cannot recommend this game untill it get's some more content (e.g. single player campaign, coop vs ai mode)."
76561198017923831,Recommended,466560,33782546,Posted: 25 July,all,Xaverius,"Northgard is a strategy that reminds me of the good old days of strategy games. It has combined features from different rts games that are already out there which creates a new yet trusted feeling.It's fun to play solo and try to get all the achievements while trying out every available tribe. Each tribe requires a different approach on how to achieve victory. Which brings me to the next point.There are multiple ways to win a match, which creates options. Options are good.As a big fan of rts games I can highly recommend this game. The devs are continuously working on the game. (They've added 2 new tribes since i bought the game) I often play this with a friend of mine, so I can say that the multiplayer function works as it should work.I'm looking forward to the campaign, which of this moment isn't finished yet.Pro's:+ Multiple victory conditions+ Runs smooth+ Good and fun animations+ Different maps with random map win conditions+ Different tribes with unique playstyles/units+ Hard working devs+ Soundtrack+ Good working multiplayerCon's (nitpicking):+ Scout tends to die quickly after some exploration+ Food location sometimes too rng related+ Campaign unavailable for now (i'm just impatience hehe)Final verdict (8/10)I'll revisit my review after I've played the campaign and several more tribes.Stay warm and well fed!"
,Recommended,466560,30118018,Posted: 23 February,all,Paeroka,"Take my opinion with a grain of salt: I've only played for a few hours. But so far, I have found an enjoyable game that actually wasn't as easy as I thought it would be. I either had trouble with running out of wood, food or soldiers to fight against the attacking clans or wolves. In that regard, it reminded me a bit of Banished.The game is early access, so we'll see where they're heading with it."
76561198032178432,Recommended,466560,30171053,Posted: 25 February,all,Talin,A lot of potential to be as good as games like settlers.But early acces doesnt show everything.I hope there will be a lot mor features.
,Recommended,466560,30276256,Posted: 2 March,all,Big Dot,"Lots of potential...Don't F it up!This game is not Age of Empires. It’s not Settlers. It’s definitely not Grand Theft Auto.Northguard borrow heavily from several games but brings it together to make something new, and exciting.Currently in a very playable alpha, Northguard is still very thin on content. There’s presently only one tier of upgrades and a couple of military units. The campaign and multiplayer mode aren’t ready yet either. It’s likely that some serious balancing adjustments will be made after multiplayer is released and the devs see how real people play against each other.I will provide a more informed review when the game leaves early access, but I will point out the game’s biggest drawback in its present form. Currently there are long periods where you can’t do anything except wait. Generally, this is early on in the game when your waiting for enough resources to be able to do something else. The scouts are automated so you can’t even kill time exploring. The game needs a mechanism to warrant constant attention."
76561198042203886,Recommended,466560,30362782,Posted: 6 March,all,Bittersweet,"Great game, early reviewers forget this is early access. Rarely have I played an early access and had this much fun. A lot of potential, can't wait for the official release."
,Recommended,466560,30715435,Posted: 24 March,all,Jeg_Drepe,"It's like if you took Age of Empires, made the graphics more appealing, the game mechanics simpler and more fun, and then made it VIKINGS! I absolutely love this game and am dying for the updates to keep rolling in. Some of the aspects to it are a bit unbalanced, mainly the goat clan, and their insane buffs, but the game is overall really fun. What I hope to see in the future is choice of map, tutorials, choice of other teams, customization of colors, maybe a customizable flag, larger maps, more food resource options, and PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, a solo huge world to continually expand in, with some raiders coming in from time to time, so you can build a huge empire with better fame titles and have that give you minor benefits in the normal skirmishes. Overall, this game is definitely worth the money, and it will only get better. It's really fun to watch it grow."
,Recommended,466560,31236781,Posted: 19 April,all,Homeblest,"Excellent revival of the RTS genre. A breath of fresh air to me, can not recommend enough, even in early access.One of the most complete Early Access games i have ever played, felt really solid throughout playing.Takes lessons learned from Settlers 7 and combines them with the exciting RTS of Warcraft III."
76561197967576402,Recommended,466560,30406562,Posted: 9 March,all,=UWS= MistDreamer,"So far I love the game.The game needs more content, harder AI. But over all the game as short as it. Has alot of potential."
,Recommended,466560,31202455,Posted: 17 April,all,Neo,"Pretty polished game for early access game. It's quite fun, feels like it has a lot of potential. Hopefully the developer will keep updating the game and bringing new content."
76561197973236751,Recommended,466560,31164525,Posted: 15 April,all,Eolair,It's been a long time since I played a RTS to my liking. It's kind of a mix of The Settlers and  Banished.
76561198028634920,Recommended,466560,31221955,Posted: 18 April,all,Teemu,"Resembles much original settlers game, just a bit less stuff to micro. At this point not much to do, but i´m eager to wait what is to come of this.Also looking forward for multiplayer support, would fit nicely."
,Recommended,466560,31226743,Posted: 18 April,all,Thinker,"Absolutely love it. Gameplay is extremally joyfull, even in early access game is superb, can't wait when it's finished."
,Recommended,466560,33748494,Posted: 23 July,all,noxa #YOLO #BODYSHOTS,"Great graphics, great UI, great balancing, great pacing. Settlers is one of my favorite game series and this feels like an evolution of that!"
,Recommended,466560,34877831,Posted: 10 September,all,42,One hell of a game... Definitely enjoyable for strategy game lovers(civilisation)..
76561198022567821,Not Recommended,466560,31113532,Posted: 13 April,all,Gorem,"Having played the game for awhile now, I have come to the conclusion that for the current price, it is not worth what game you get, unless you are someone like me. I like this kind of gameplay, and hope to see it imrpove. I have many suggestions and fixes that need to be implemented.Fixes/suggestions:1. The start of the game is linear in every game, You have to build a woodcutters, you have to build a scout, and you have to build a house. Every single game. No clan has any variety, it would be nice if say, one clan never needed to build houses, or maybe had innate woodcutting with the scavenging, or villagers can scout.2. The scout... the scout camp is a building that will never be upgraded. Why would anyone use koins/wood/stone to upgrade something as late as you can get it? Since you need a lvl 2 town center first. To fix the scout, either make normal vilagers do what scouts can do just need to be manually used, or let us upgrade the scout building early on, cept using the wood that would normally be used for the first house - so you can choose to scout 100% faster early on, or get the 10 pop max early on, be some decisions to mix up starting gameplay.Houses are alright, wood cutting is alright..3. Wood. You never have wood issues, in every hard game I play, I end with 3000 or something wood, but like 0 food. One forest, one woodcutters upgraded, and three woodcutters there is all you need for the entire game. Everything else goes up as you get more villagers, wood is still never an issue, even when there is a blizzard, only once have I ever had 0 wood. (and that's because lol rng blizard at the start)4. THE RNG. Your start base needs to start with a food source. If you could build a food building there guarnteed every game, it would make SUCH a diference. reduce the rng of the map build, and really help every player, including the ai, in not dying from food loss forever.Also, the rng of attacks. I've had some games in blizzards where I've been attacked in the same tile, 5 times from the wild. 3 wolves, then 3 druag, then 2 wolves, then wolves again, then draug. IT WAS INSANE. even early on when you have like just your starting tile I have been attacked by 3 wolves and almost lost the game 5mins in. Then attacked in another tile at the same time as soon as I took it right after this. Then in other games, not getting attacked once even with a tile surrounded by pve spawn camps. There needs to be some balance here. A tile should not be able to be pve attacked 3 times in the same month. - or right after colonisation.Also also, the RNG OF WORLD EVENTS. had one game start with a rat infest - which noone had silo's yet so we all lost 80% of our food, then next event in winter was a blizzard... I saw 2 computers buildings on fire during the blizzard.. then they seem to defualt to just spawning vilagers out of there town center due to them losing everything from the blizzard.. I mean I had 8 sick villagers... and the computer faired worse. Blizzards are insane, esp compared to all the other events... like lol earthquakes? That's like never noticable at any time in the game, draug spawning? There is always like 3 spawning at most even when you have like 20 tiles.4. The game elements are harder and hurt you more then pvp. The ai mroe often dies as well just from pve attacks then attacks from each other or you. Because of how reliant EVERYTHING in the game is with food, it makes it impossible for the ai to do anything if they also don't start nearby food. Blizzards, winter, just general food use, pve attacks, ect. All of that, is harder to beat then the ai is, where you can sometimes kill him entirely with one warrior, even on hard mode.5. the ai needs work, One game I saw the same ai send his warchief to his Death 8 times against THE SAME TURRET. lol. No idea where he got all that coin to lose, but seeing the computer on hard attack in a one by one line, then get kited to death with a vilager and one turret.. is stupid.6. Feasts need to be much better as the game progresses, I know only one clan makes them better, but they should get better over time for all clans. They start costing WAY to much food and don't relaly do anything later. either that or the cost for every feast in order needs ot be halved. (and then halve the fame gains)7. The clans..... the clans are so imbalanced.I rate the clans like this - Stag clan, wolf clan, crow clan, sheep/goat clan.Reasons -Stag clan,THOSE STARTING RESOURCES THOUGH. Like, compared to the other clans, the stag starts out so well off. You can colonise 2 straight away, don't have to worry about waiting to build the house, can build a training camp right away to take whatever nearby tile you want early, can do so much more early on then every other race in the game.Then, you can get those skalds, which has the nice passive fame bonus, pushing your fame higher then every other clan (I've ended some games with 2-3k fame while noone else even had ONE THOUSAND) And then you can research them to also gen koins, making your 9 skalds give you infinite happiness, 9 koins, and infinite fame.Then you hit 200 fame.... instant 2 building upgrades.. instant colonisation to 2 tiles, instant feast, instant buildings instant army instant everything.And 500 fame is insane too, suddenly your army of upgraded buildings is better then everyone else in the game, suddenly you gain 10 food and wood per tick, its just all awesome.And the research option paths are all really good.Happiness makes your warriors hit for 20, and your warchief hit for 37.. lol.Wolf clan - The best fighters in the game, well early on anyway, before stag gets happy power.You start with the research most, well I would assume most, don't go for awhile (because +2 coins, then +2 lore is like... a staple of every game, you always need the koins, and free lore that makes the ENTIRE game easier? Why would you go anything else) - which actaully makes research rather linear as well, you bascially always go for what you need at the time, which is mostly the same path.One major problem that hurts the wolf clan is they lose the defensive power of every other race, not being able to build towers on tiles makes defending much harder if you are getting attacked constantly.2nd thing you get for free, your warriors use 30% less food, which with the reaserch later, makes your warriors use 0 food per tick, which is freaking awesome. You also get happiness per warrior/chieften, which is awesome.Then you also get koins for kills, which is also awesome, you bascially want to farm spawners for infinite koins - never have koin issues and build a stronger army that uses 0 food and gives happines and is stronger by defualt early on? AWESOME.Your 200 fame thing, a nice upgrade to offence, and then the 500 fame thing..The best attacking unit in the game, which means you can then walk into enemy bases and win via domination rather quickly.Crow clan -needs improvments.Like, wow, you can take tiles with koins, lowering your amy.Wow, ""harbors can explore tiles""There is no reason to even see these explored tiles untill 500 fame, and even then. Unless you are going for a domination win, its pointless. You can win in every other method without even exploring one enemy area.thenwow ""2 vilagers"" Because that's so good? I mean.. it should be ""you now spawn vilagers forever 20% faster"" or something, to even math wolf's 20% attack bonus or the res stag gets. 2 vilagers is nothing.then 500.... wow ""mercs"" I mean sure they cost 210 koins, which is alot, and sure they will probablly kill a lot of enemy, maybe really trolling in multiplayer, which would bascially cancel you and whoever you choose out of the race, while the other 2 win. But seriosuly, expensive, and often fails at taking the tile, even though they are rather op units. You sometimes need to send 2 or 3... 630 koins to take a tile?"
76561198021332921,Not Recommended,466560,31348640,Posted: 24 April,all,>Fao<,"-//VERY EARLY [ Alpha\\-Hi all, this is a very expensive Alpha. If you buy this game you will have some time of game and some fun if you decide to stay on it, good project. In an other hand it feels like it's really expansive. The animations and the optimisation are here but the graphical setting is not that good, no ragdoll, i hear one typical viking song so far. There is not that much sound effect,  ̶n̶o̶ ̶f̶e̶m̶a̶l̶e̶ ̶g̶e̶n̶d̶e̶r̶, the moon will never come.It remembers me a smartphone app sometime but it cost 20euros.Yay there is some new things for me to discover, but for sure i really think this is not the right price for the moment.I will recommand to read about it but even if you love Nordic environnement make sure you really want to try it out now.-//VERY EARLY [ Alpha\\-"
,Not Recommended,466560,33725729,Posted: 22 July,all,Wingerie,"While having great aesthetics, this game lacks depth and replayablility. It's very easy to learn and master, you'll grasp basics in a few hours and then any winning condition even on hardest difficulty is a walk in a park. whether you will you see challenge or not depends on map generation. I suggest to add to wishlist and wait till release or few major patches."
,Recommended,466560,32179936,Posted: 4 June,all,Robinson™,"Currently in early access, as plenty can see.Was browsing Youtube and saw this in a 'Top 10 Strategy Games' Video, couldn't believe this slipped under my radar, I'm a big fan of RTS/Strategy games, and I'm glad I bought this.Although this only currently has SinglePlayer (Skirmish pretty much) and Mulitplayer - So no Campaign/Story - It still has so much to do, there's quite a few factions or so and so, bare in mind the Campaign is coming soon too!The game looks and runs beautiful, mechanics are what you would hope from a Strategy game, but with a twist (I'll let you figure that out)I would recommend this game if you're looking for a 'Worth the money' kind of Early access game, it has some hoping potential."
,Recommended,466560,32370317,Posted: 12 June,all,Keweiler,Love it! update this game faster :)
,Not Recommended,466560,30129874,Posted: 23 February,all,Phantom Lord,"I don't recommend the game AT THIS POINT. Honestly some times it takes effort to play. For example, clicking a unit to go somewhere, and it just doesnt. Or trying to place a building and the game doesnt allow you to, for no reason at all.On the bright side, the graphics are simply great, the ambient music is a matchmaker, and it has many features that will win the strategy games fans. IMO the game is set to a higher difficulty by default. Trying to beat the computer in ""normal"" mode, is punishing. Even on easy, you can't take your time, since there are so many ways to achieve victory, by either one of you, you or the opponent. Its the trade victory, terittorial, fame, and one more if not mistaken.PLEASE do not buy it as an early access. It will ruin the fun, unless you want to support the development and be a part of the whole proccess as a tester. For me 20euros (purchased with 10% discount), it doesn't worth it. But I bet it will be a blast when this is finally released as a finished product. Just as long as they don't take a year or so.."
,Recommended,466560,30143697,Posted: 24 February,all,Ty 哈,"For an early access title, this game is quite decent.7/10"
,Not Recommended,466560,33121248,Posted: 2 July,all,mrroysteven,"It would be nice if they properly add a decent tutorial as soon as you started the game. The game feels so a little bit constraint, time consuming for the first few minutes.It's kinda boring because you are limited to certain resources, I do get that Rise of Nation, AoE and Civilization vibe but it's just doesn't seem that fun just yet. I know it's just early access, so I wouldnt recommend just yet, just wait until they improve over time.tl;dr - Don't get it now, no proper tutorial, slow paced and nothing much to offer yet."
,Not Recommended,466560,30228975,Posted: 27 February,all,SKuDD3r,"The game is pretty steep price for the content it has.  I'd be ok with this game being $10, but at 20 there just isn't enough to do, its really basic as an RTS, if you can even really call it that... its very limited with restricted building.  It's essentially a zone control land grab game... I returned it within an hour."
76561198259760376,Not Recommended,466560,33824785,Posted: 26 July,all,ViciousSatyr666,"Dark Souls RTS.  Every second is a challenge and there is only one path: Build Troops and nothing else.  Wilderness: fights you.  AI: takes from and trades with you, then fights you.  Winter: sucks up all your resources in an instant.  Your People: get mad and produce less; get injured then produce less, get sick, and then die.  Early access and hopefully they will balance so that EASY isn't a frustrating uphill battle.  Even with 3 farm plots and a forest, you will lose against 3 opponents who (regardless of clan) build endless and INSTANT waves of troops.  Try to duplicate their builds and you will fail.Note to developers:  Just call your games Dark Souls: X.  They are not ""fun,"" they are not ""strategic.""  They only pigeon hole gamers into One, cheap ability/clan tree and provide zero entertainment over time."
76561198000655786,Not Recommended,466560,31146253,Posted: 14 April,all,Tangoes for food stamps!!!!!,"Fantastic concept just no game play.After 1 game that lasts about 35 minutes you're done. I dont see how there going to make a campaign out of this. Its all based on vilagers that are produced every minute so unless you forget to build a house you cant fall behind,Again, great concept. But not worth 5$ until its finished"
,Not Recommended,466560,32697785,Posted: 23 June,all,AlanThePoor,"The game is great, but has little replayability."
76561198098421772,Not Recommended,466560,32545345,Posted: 18 June,all,GritBear,"The game has big potential. I like its survival game style and tech tree. It could be so much more, like Civ + Age of Empire? But as of its current stage (early access), replayability needs to be improved. I will revise the review once the game address some of the concerns.The game tend to last long and in the process, many actions becomes tedious and repetitive, especially,1. Workers, except villigers, can not repair building. When a building needs to be repaired, we need to first convert a specialized worker into a villiger by running to a house?2. Why does building catch on fire upon one touch? There are idiot AI that just send 1 unit and attack and retreat and now I have to find a villiger to repair that.3. No rally point option for the villigers.4. Only 3 types unit and 1 types of hero. Almost no micro involved as there is no spell caster, and during battle units collapse into 1 unit, making it difficult to control."
,Recommended,466560,34366889,Posted: 19 August,all,zzzai,It's good
,Recommended,466560,30284472,Posted: 2 March,all,Eric Cartman,"Usually not into RTS, but this one is very fun and unique, with a beautifull art style to top it off! It's different, and that's a good thing. It really does deserve the high ratings it's getting and definitely recommended at full price."
76561198015491119,Recommended,466560,30190002,Posted: 26 February,all,DeathSpank,"Promised myself I wouldn't buy any early access games anymore. Broke my promise, do not regret it. This game is awesome.@ Developers: please do finish this one though!"
,Recommended,466560,30109145,Posted: 22 February,all,EK ¦ VAArtemchuk,"The game is very interesting for such a new project. If they'll be adding new content while keeping it so optimized, the game might become an honored title in your list of rts.Pros:- Economics is clear and balanced, though can be a challenge- Planning matters, so it has potential (I haven't played enough to tell for sure if there's no op features that kills it) to be a good pvp rts.- Realistic featiures like burning wood during winter are adding depth to planning. Building full res won't work, cause you'll starve or freeze to death.- Overall stile is very comfortable. Might not be what you'd expect from vikings, but it'd be defenetly a relief to play it after a long day of hard working.Cons:- Yes, it is an early access, and I am sure that if the devs are sane, they'll definitely change that, but it stroke me hard that player can't influence battle's rules. I mean, I hate all those wonder-trade-nonsense victories. I know, that it is very good to have em for a fast pvp game, but come on, I'd like to have an opportunity to change at.- It's not that unbalanced, but seems that balance isn't that refined, I also believe that it'll change soon. But now, eh... 1 berserker would cost you and army.In conclusion, I'd like say that I defenitely recommend it. At least try it. I haven't regret it at all."
76561198062670779,Not Recommended,466560,30306753,Posted: 3 March,all,Shamangrow,"I paid quite a bit for something I got bored of in 3 days. Interesting concept, it's still in early stages, so pretty barren of content and simplistic interface. I hope it gets better with a lot more content and this wasnt just a money grab."
76561198191687867,Recommended,466560,30352536,Posted: 6 March,all,GUNIT123,"Excited for upcoming content, untill then, don't buy the game lads :D"
,Not Recommended,466560,30343544,Posted: 5 March,all,Campbell,"Northgard is beautiful it has a good potential, but its not ready yet, seems to be a lack of customization and freshness atm.-What I found and what could be improved-Found no bugs.AI could be a little smarter.A bit more diplomacy would help freshen things up.Maybe customization to the start of a game like what to generate or an option to keep it random.Drop in frames when scrolling out.Annoying that a worker has to be in the district to built."
76561198110894347,Recommended,466560,32534075,Posted: 18 June,all,Akira Mitsuka,"i cannot pay this game, im so sad with this probem happen."
76561198094398553,Recommended,466560,30167622,Posted: 25 February,all,ToMO,"Great game but after second playthrough there is nothing more to do. It surely needs more content. This game has a great potential, dont let it wither."
76561198054530099,Not Recommended,466560,32328810,Posted: 10 June,all,Danoriel,"The game feels a bit slow, not being able to control the rate at which your population grows seems too uncomfortable for a RTS game. Also, the way victory conditions relate to clan advantages is not properly balanced yet, the fact that if you want to attack a player you have to actually attack/conquer zones until you get to them instead of attacking directly is weird. The RNG elements in the game sometimes completely screw you over and there is not enough warning/time to prepare for it in some cases. It has potential but it still needs a lot of work in terms of balance and pace. It feels like you are fighting the balance of the game rather than the other players."
76561198055423938,Recommended,466560,32268974,Posted: 8 June,all,~Ro,Amazing
76561198080324246,Recommended,466560,32242185,Posted: 7 June,all,dankalashnikov,it's iight
76561198015981462,Recommended,466560,32224835,Posted: 6 June,all,Stoch,"Simply love it.Hopefully more content will come.Beautiful, cozy, strategic.And it has CO-OP!Settlers, Age of Empires, a little Civ, Anno..."
76561197978926687,Not Recommended,466560,33980522,Posted: 2 August,all,Old Dog,"Not enough depth, as others have said.Look at my play time. I've already done it all and seen it all. The AI doesn't do anything. They don't try to take over your territory or build an army to fight you. All they do is send an occasional 3 or 4 unit raid over your border. All you have to do is station some units there and you have zero fear of being conquered.The building tree is very bland. There are only 2 levels, and 12 or so types. This type makes this resource or that unit or performs this or that function. So you get those built and upgraded to level 2 and thats it. Then you just take over one region after the next. But theres no real fight involved. Once you have the buildings up the game is essentially over. It's a landslide from then on.I will say that the genre is kinda cool. Not like there isn't already 500 other games out there about vikings though."
,Recommended,466560,32114165,Posted: 1 June,all,Macuck3312,"Fantastic game while in early access it still has depth to it and looks fantastic, it reminds me a lot of the old settler games, we need to support strategy games."
76561198080746981,Recommended,466560,33787754,Posted: 25 July,all,The Belly Button Bruiser,did good
,Not Recommended,466560,33655723,Posted: 19 July,all,✪AcTiv Element 83,"Very fun game with much potentional but becomes repetitive after a bit, not trying hate on it but if you do want to buy this game i say buy later in the year when more updates come out and different things with be introduced because right there is not much things in the game at the moment because in game you get to a point were you are very OP and dominate everything unless you play in hard mode which i a different story"
,Recommended,466560,34707142,Posted: 3 September,all,Rynea,"Northgard seems to be one of the few early access titles that is worth buying and does what many early access titles should but don't provide. A stable core gameplay that is not riddled with bugs with quality features and graphics that don't just look copy pasted from somewhere and some original ideas, alongside many well known features that I loved from other RTS games.The content is still thin, the variety is a bit lacking and the balancing is far from perfect with some gaps that feel like you're just waiting for this or that, but for the price and taking into account that it has an ongoing development and is not just abandonware like so many other early access titles, that is just something that will take time.I can recommend this for any RTS fans, who want to follow along the process of the game becoming more advanced over time, who like the idea of a nordic feel for a game project. For people who look for a finished product, I'd say wait a little longer, while it looks very promising and is already playable, it's not quite there yet."
,Recommended,466560,30113189,Posted: 22 February,all,Dakia,"Great little game.  As many have mentioned, it is akin to Settlers, but with more zone contol.  What we see now is pretty basic, but cetainly entertaining.  The only thing I find myself wishing for at the moment would be an even playing field.  The Stag clan is just to easy at the moment."
76561198129904449,Recommended,466560,30112477,Posted: 22 February,all,Garry,Great game just more buildings and units needed and abit more colourful and diverse scenery
76561198069644636,Recommended,466560,30113861,Posted: 22 February,all,Spawnie,"I just played for a few minutes, then the game stopped working - no error message or ctd, just stopped. BUT this is early access and what I've seen in those few minutes was pretty awesome. Really a game to play inbetween long sessions of Grand Strategy.If devs read this: I'd like some kind of Pause-mode that still lets me hover over buildings units and give commands that get executed when I unpause. Right now it just shuts me out of the gameplay entirely. And it would be really nice if I could zoom more out to have a better eagle-perspective of all territories."
,Recommended,466560,30123171,Posted: 23 February,all,Maybetallica,"A beautiful game.If you're a fan of the vikings like me, you'll love this game. Great game and the more you go on the more difficult it gets and more complex it becomes. Learn new strategies and be the legend of Northgard.i bet you thought i was a troll with my picture"
76561198068883101,Recommended,466560,30132009,Posted: 23 February,all,BéanZ,The game in its current state is honestly worth the price it's that good. I think with more content and care from the devs it will be one of the best strategy games on steam. i would check it out for sure.
,Recommended,466560,30132693,Posted: 23 February,all,jasendorf,"With a few rounds under my belt, I have enjoyed the game so far.  It's a fun game with its own challenges.  The interface is smooth and tastefully done.  With no tutorial available, it my take a little bit of trial and error to understand some of the game concepts, but they fit rather nicely into this sort of strategy/builder game.Hats off to the developers for a very playable alpha, I have had zero crashes in 6 hours of play.  I've ridden the game way past victory to complete control of the map without any slow downs or glitches (playing on a decent, but 5 year old, machine).  I'm looking forward to see what the developers add.  Hopefully my little contribution inspires them to keep working at it."
,Recommended,466560,30308804,Posted: 3 March,all,pelicanysis,"Lots of potential!This game has alot of potential, sadly at the moment there is a very limiting factor in what you can do.Theres something still thats slighty addicting to trying to figure out how to best survive the years aswell as balancing resources and dealing with all the other side events that go with it.Very Good game all up, and cant wait to see where it goes!"
76561198077204652,Not Recommended,466560,30345094,Posted: 5 March,all,ProfitKane,Honestly it's not a bad game but it simplistic format is similar to a mobile game. Given how it is near completion I fail to see how the content can expand to be anything more than it is. Perhaps it has promise as a quick casual or multiplayer game but for me it is not worth the price.
,Recommended,466560,30132963,Posted: 23 February,all,Innerz G.,"Awesome game , 20$ a bit pricey imo but if you like vikings and this kind of game ( conquer territory / base construction / managements ( strategy ) its definitely worth it well for me atleast it was :D note this game is still in early acces and has some bugs . oh btw the music is mejestic hehe"
76561198079635938,Recommended,466560,30184816,Posted: 25 February,all,TWICHSHOT V1D5,"Really fun game, plays like most RTS games but has its own cool twists like building zones and special events that occur. some of the UI isnt that friendly for the first few games but it is tons of fun for any RTS player. Currently only has singleplayer battle mode, no campaign or multiplayer yet. Still worth it imo, the other stuff is coming soon."
76561198346864565,Recommended,466560,30190003,Posted: 26 February,all,DoomLink,"Great game, very original, adds it's own spin to the genre, can't wait for the full version"
,Recommended,466560,30229693,Posted: 27 February,all,Tandköttsmaraton,"Looking forward for more content to this game, it's not a whole lot at the moment since it is in early access, but still playable and enjoyable. Will keep an eye out for updates."
,Recommended,466560,30230034,Posted: 27 February,all,flyingwarpig,Hooked me in good. Still missing tons of content but what is there is very fun. Lots of potential to build on. Interesting mixing of 4x and rts elements. Can't wait to see what they add next.
,Recommended,466560,30233274,Posted: 27 February,all,uMad !,I can't wait for the new content :D.
76561197993235486,Recommended,466560,30113900,Posted: 22 February,all,yticmic,Its like Age of Empires + Catan + Civ. Really cool.
76561197990878352,Recommended,466560,30114641,Posted: 23 February,all,voltAG3D,Really good RTS and reminds me of a few old RTS games i used to play like settlers and stronghold2 with some cool twists and all about norse mythology. I would recommend to any RTS fan that doesn't mind the early access.
,Recommended,466560,30184447,Posted: 25 February,all,witchah,"Great foundation to build upon, needs more units - more military options. Also really needs the multiplayer, ai are really lacking when it comes to any kind of military, they make 3/4 units tops. Would also love to see more options for building slots per territory, eg. 0/3 House 0/2 Economic 0/1 Military (limits more like this). Lastly trading center and market should probably be one building, especially when multiplayer comes out. Overall a great deal of potential here."
76561198051302279,Recommended,466560,33781118,Posted: 25 July,all,midnightssong,"I'm really impressed with the game. However ther is just the one problem that I've found so far, the stone and iron resources run out way too fast."
,Recommended,466560,30107840,Posted: 22 February,all,cn,"Good start!Finished two games and did not notice any bug so far.It is more like Settlers 7 than Settlers 2.The two games i played on normal difficulty took 90-120min.The base is solid, i hope i gets more depth/complexity in the future."
,Recommended,466560,30114788,Posted: 23 February,all,Sky,"Sick game. Apparently multiplayer will be released (needed, will make this game amazing). I am hoping (slash suggesting) that a ranking system (Elo or other..) would be great however for a Early Access title this game is definately worth buying. $20 is pretty cheap given the obvious quality and time that has gone into the creation of this game. Games are pretty slow however, not sure if a speed up or turbo feature will be added but hey, one can only dream."
76561197972139279,Recommended,466560,30130444,Posted: 23 February,all,Broxigar,"Hey !I just finish my first game after 3 hours. I explore everything. Defeat all my opponent in normal mode and do all objectives.+++- Fresh and new- Love Visual- Remember me of settlers ahah :D- I really enjoy the gameplay, its simple and really funny :)- Need a campaign and a multiplayer mode- Indie developer so thumbs up :D---- No didactiel for the moment, your learn by yourself (Not really complicated, but you need 1 hour to understand everything ^^)- No multiplayer actually but it will come- No real replay value (The map are random ok but playing vs bots will be quickly boring i guess, but its a early access ^^)"
76561198043713947,Recommended,466560,30120306,Posted: 23 February,all,Kcvk,"Great start for early access, has alot of potential."
76561198021616097,Recommended,466560,30129901,Posted: 23 February,all,stewart360,"Pretty cool game, but I had to quit with less than an hour in due to bugs.  I'll try to boot it back up once it's patched over the next few weeks.Here are some points after playing for a very short time:- Simplified economy more like ""Age of Empires"" than the earlier macro-economy ""Settlers"" games.- Micro-manage RTS, your ""people"" are far from autonomous- Capturable ""sectors"" have special attributes, you can only mine stone from certain areas, or farm in others.- Resources expire, so no turtle gameplayPros:- Amazing artwork and graphics- Runs smooth, seems highly optimized, even in 4k !- Summer/Winter cycle adds to the gameplay- Great combat animations- Interesting tech tree, use it to your play style & situationCons:- Low complexity from the economy- Lack of variety in military units- Quick game time- Scouting system seems redundantBugs:I experienced plenty of bugs, mostly all of them interface related.  I was unable to select units or place structures without going through hoops (going in and out of menus, selecting/deselecting other buildings) making it very difficult to play this style of quick micro-manage RTS.  I didn't get the slowdown or crashing that other users experienced, hopefully the devs can get this all worked out so I can give it another try :)Keep in mind this is early access, I really hope some strategic complexity can be added to the gameplay, and the interface issues resolved.  It's only 20 bucks right now, why not give it a shot and help out the dev ?"
76561198017269959,Recommended,466560,30132181,Posted: 23 February,all,Rico,"Early Access review:So far - enjoyable. Found this a refreshing change of style to most strategy games. I found the style of graphics stylish, enjoyable and comical. Gameplay, although similiar to strategy games of the past, had some enjoyable unique concepts. Took a while to figure out the gameplay and pull down menu's, etc., but that is because this game has some unique (and welcoming) features. Definately needs ""fleshing out"", but then it is early access and this has great potential to become one of the better strategy games in recent times. Recommended."
76561198047615883,Recommended,466560,30232169,Posted: 27 February,all,Valhalla,"Really awesome game for 20 bucks.  Resources are region based so you have to make hard decisions.  Settling the wrong region could mean everyone dies off that winter (Food/Happiness>everything).  Simplistic yet challenging.  Really hope they release a map editor so we can custom make maps.  Starting with no food around you makes for a rough game, regardless with the right planning you can make a come back and win.  I hope they have game modes down the road, so we can choose our winning conditions. If your losing in score, attack them.  If your regions cant out prouduce theirs, simply do hit and runs on the civilians.  Cant praise this game enough, just great."
76561198335164982,Recommended,466560,30254779,Posted: 28 February,all,xhin the caveman,Immersive and multitask game.Recommended for those who love Real time RTS.
76561198057391827,Recommended,466560,30580973,Posted: 17 March,all,omnomon,Absolutely love the game.
,Recommended,466560,30232356,Posted: 27 February,all,cyberneticman,"Played a full game without bug or problem. took me about 20 minute to figure it out, nice graphic, nice music, nice pace.A fun little game that is gonna get more function and content i suppose in the future. for once a early access game was fun, playable and i enjoyed it!"
76561198037698809,Recommended,466560,30600709,Posted: 18 March,all,wimmathijssen999,"great game to play, reminds me of the settlers games, great potential in the future, nice graphics and gameplay"
,Recommended,466560,32168652,Posted: 3 June,all,LordTurki,"wonderful game but very slow to build or attack ur enemy,  i wish there is mode where we can minimize duration of the match up to 20 min."
76561198048923127,Recommended,466560,35333510,Posted: 30 September,all,crumbletron,"This is the very first review I've ever written... which means basically one of two things.1. This game is total trashor2.  This game is totally amazingI'll cut tto the chase.  It's No. 2.For what is a small time company, I have to applaud Shiro Games for this instant win.In this game, you can be doing very well.  Your resource income has peaked, you feel confident.  But you just need to wait for the perfect opportunity to launch your assault on the enemy.  Just one more villager, to maximize your potential.  Patiently waiting for your building to be upgraded.  You carefully watch the progress of your village.  Suddenly, you hear the sound of a horn.What's this?  A Draugr?? Wolves?  It is the middle of winter, so it must be a dimwitted Draugr, crossing into your border.  Quickly you send your warchief, aided with a handful of well trained warriors to defend your land.Scrolling north, through your proud village, you see no Draugr, but a small group of skirmishers.  The blood thirsty warriors begin ravaging several of your fishermen in that area.  Help is on the way, but by the looks of it, they'll arrive too late to defend your peaceful gatherers.  Hastily, you must ensure your undefended men and women vacate until reinforcements arrive.  It's too late for one of your men, who was the first to rebuke the enemy, and the first to fall to their hands.  The other 2 were safely moved into a neighboring territory, just in time.   The Chief is here to battle now.You hear the sound of a second horn, and look to the west.   A second enemy clan now marches on your lands.  You must separate your forces, and attempt to thwart the invaders.  Meanwhile, you've neglected to focus on the battle in which your Stoic Warchief fights.   He was faster than your Shield Bearers, too fast.. He's been wounded badly, and the enemy knows it.It cannot be.... A third War Horn sounds.  This time, it is the Draugr...  3 deadly Draugr begin slashing a pivitol area, your most productive land.  A land where both Woodcutters and Hunters share grounds to hunt and gather firewood.  The Draugr hack and slash your men to bits.. by the time you gain control of the area and move your villagers to safety 3 are dead.Drastic time call for drastic measures.. You initiate a draft.. any and all healthy must take up arms to fight!  Those once peaceful merchants, now carry swords and axes.  You send your new recruits to reclaim the land the Draugr are slowly claiming as their own.You look to the north again; Your Chief has fallen.. Only a few battered and beaten warriors stand. You look to the west, the second battalion was victorious.  You look south east.. The draugr have killed 2 honorable men, but your land has been secured.  You hear an unfamiliar sound.  It resembles a coin purse falling to the ground.  Then again, a second coin purse..Shortly thereafter, you hear a War Horn.. Followed by a second war horn!! 2 of your shores have been attacked by mercenaries!  One of the two is where you landed on Northgard Isle.  Your Town Hall.  You must defend this land at all costs.  Everyone must re-deploy to defend your base!!Your people are now unhappy.. In the midst of the fighting one must not focus on his stomach... But now your villagers are starving!!!HOW CAN THIS HAPPEN!?  Moments ago, your lands were flourishing.  Now you can't seem to feed even the remnants of your war party.  Realizing your mistake, you scroll north again to move your fishermen back into their homes..That is when you notice the unmistakeable sight of a horrifying, formidable, army... And they're going to take your land.  There is nothing you can do about it.OK, enough story time.. What I just described is a common scene from this game.  Be prepared, be vigilant, and be adaptable.  Otherwise the enemy will march an army right up your rear end."
,Not Recommended,466560,35208080,Posted: 25 September,all,Alvarius,"i spent some good time in this game, but many times i been simply pressing alt+F4 either due to crappy rngesus, that generated a very bad starting position for me or becuase of how annoying AI can be, especially if i play with 2 or more AIs. battle mechanic of this game does not let you spread your forces thin in order to defend your positions, making it a constant micromanagement of sending troops to point A, then to point B, C, etc. just to repell another attack. there are limited tactics choice, just as there is not much ultimate strategy.Also, i find some victory conditions very disappointing. leaving Domination and Map Special alone does make this game played for longer time, but if you tick them all - you'll probably never make it for anything, other than Lore, Fame or Trading victory, as those can be achieved very quickly, epsecially with rngesus help on certain maps.Now it may probably be much better experience to play with real people, rather than AI, assuming you pre-agree terms together, but playing with AI is certainly annoying and makes me wanna give up later in the game just because i am tired of constantly defending against them all without ability to set a proper defence at strategic pointsmy hope though that this game will later realize its full potential, as i admit it became rather addictive to me, despite all complaints i described above. hopefully this review will become positive in months to come =)"
,Recommended,466560,30503174,Posted: 14 March,all,Cpl. Koala,"Fun game for 4 hours, two or three games of it. Simple mechanics truthfully, and well developped. I look forward to playing the campaign, perhaps the multiplayer when they release. I don't much like the current map structure though. As others have alluded when one starts the match it randomly generates their gameworld, though it is fairly evident early who will have a severe advantage over one another based on starting resources. Though for some that asymetry isnt an ill at all. I enjoyed it enough, it's worth about $10 or $15 truthfully, but with its campaign and multiplayer I imagine it'll live up to it's current tag"
,Recommended,466560,30670452,Posted: 22 March,all,tao88h,"Meh...The first playthrough was fine, but a second outing would very likely playout the exact same way. There's not enough variety in factions, units, buildings, exploration, etc..However, I think this would be an enjoyable mobile game."
,Recommended,466560,30208286,Posted: 26 February,all,ankh9451,"A very fun tile-based 4X with a calm vibe and lots of norse flavor.  Despite officially being in alpha, this is very close to a complete game.  The skirmish mode (which is really the only mode at present) is a lot of fun, progresses intuitively, keeps you busy without being frenetic, and makes it really satisfying to take a tile or repel an attack.  I especially like that there are multiple victory conditions, so you can make the best of your clan and starting position, rather than it just being about combat.Another thing it does that I really like, is you pretty much have to make some warriors early on, so it gets your toe dipped into combat early.  I'm a total turtler, and won't invest in military units or tech until I absolutely have to generally, but this game does a good job of naturally easing you into it.If you like 4X and norse mythology, this game is worth your time and money."
76561197972710279,Recommended,466560,30833940,Posted: 30 March,all,Wayfaerer,"A very fresh take on the real-time strategy games. I think it can somewhat be summarized as a hybrid between Settlers and Starcraft. By the way, I rarely buy an early-access game.You control a clan of vikings on a small island. There are other clans on the same island and you are competing against them. Winning the game can be triggered by a variety of ways; 4 fixed conditions as well as 1 more which depends on the map. You collect several types of resources and build up a working economy. Then you expand and focus on 1-2 winning conditions while preventing other clans to win faster and not starving to death due to natural environmental effects.The main innovations of Northgards are- The seasons system. There are winters and non-winters. Resource gathering and consuming changes between seasons.- You expand slowly (a.k.a., no rushing). By game mechanics prohibit you to rush your opponents.- Dynamic allocation of units. Units can be re-organized at will based on your current needs. So, it is a very dynamic game.- Variety of winning conditions. With 4+1 winning conditions you can strategize very differently.Currently due to being an early access game the game lacks several features- The campaign mode is currently missing- The multiplayer (which I think will be where the game shines) is missing- Limited military units. Currently there are basically 2 types of military units. There can be 2 more but they are situational. I think there should be a higher variety of military units in order to make things more interesting."
76561197968752995,Recommended,466560,30184481,Posted: 25 February,all,GeTRoGuE,Stronghold successor with Scandinavian flavor.A Must play !
76561198089402095,Recommended,466560,30179260,Posted: 25 February,all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"For being in Early Access, this game has come far, and could be fenced as a finished game in its current state, although maybe not for the full price. Looks like there's alot of features up the road, like a campaign f.x, but as it is now it works perfectly well in its single player setup.The game is like a re-make of the classic Settlers, but with a viking theme instead of the medieval theme of the Settlers. This game is also simpler in its base design than the Settlers and what that games follow-ups turned into, but not in a bad way. Here re-foresting f.x are made by itself, it's nothing you'll have to be bothered with.As of know, this shows good promise not only as a game, but also as Early Access in terms of being a game that actually will reach launch, so if you consider this game and want to be on the train from early on, I really recommend you pick this title up."
76561198135917418,Recommended,466560,30159170,Posted: 24 February,all,MrBluu97,So far i love the game play but the only thing that really bugs the crap out of me is the building limit. really? does it need to be so low and change? i find that theres plenty of space for more than just 3 or 4 in an area. i hope to see a little bump up in the future
76561198055057145,Recommended,466560,30174014,Posted: 25 February,all,photo bysergio,I LIKE IT!there is nothing like this on the market right now.When we will have the MULTIPLAYER ?
,Recommended,466560,30172919,Posted: 25 February,all,Pawless,"Link to the Reddit thread I made which is more readable due to formatting{LINK REMOVED}https://tinyurl.com/z3dden3I've played RTS games quite a bit and probably my most notable acheivement might be Diamond in SC2, which is nothing crazy, but gives you the idea that I have spent some extended time learning and theorycrafting an RTS game. I listed some of the things that I think would make this game way more succesful and some things that this game desperetaly needs in order to not be one month wonder.First thing's first:Move, stop, attac move, hold position command and ability to queue commands.Basic commands that pretty much any RTS has. Right click should (imho) always be a force move command, when attack move should work like right click works right now; Aggressive move which makes untis attack hostile units that are within certain range from them or when there is combat nearby, they run into it. Stop command just for stopping units from doing whatever they do and reset them to their normal idle state, while hold position forces does the same but instead of idling they are forced to stay put.Better AI for units in combat and unit collision.I'm not sure if it's a known bug or the developers don't care about it as much since I remember reading the future patches would give improvements on combat *'if people felt they are needed'*, but if you spam right click an unit in combat, enemies wont follow it. There are some wonky stuff like that in the game which makes combat forced to be pretty non-micromanagable right now. Unit collision is a must in order to keep some kind of competetiviness in micromanaging combat units.Also what thing that I feel I can't stress enough is that the game should havea rating system or some kind of rewarding system in place with automatic matchmaking once the multiplayer launches. Just a simple leaderboard, chat channels, automatic matchmaking system would be fine at start, but if it's just a player versus player with no rewards or no long term statistics, it's gonna dry out really quickly. People won't keep playing long term just for the sake of playing, there should be some recognition for good players and players who have played a lot. Maybe some sort of avatars/profile pictures when you hit certain milestones, such as ""10 wins, 50 wins, 100 wins"" or ""10 fame victories, 50 fame victories--"" or ""10 victories as the Stag Clan"" and so on. I feel like I can't stress it enough that just a matchmaking system won't be enough but you need to have statistics or some kind of over simplified rating system in place at least once it launches.Some sort of rating system, even though it's overly simplified or just win-loss ratio that you can track your multiplayer games helps a lot in keeping players playing the game, but won't keep them interested in the long run. Some sort of rewards or achievements are really important for people. Maybe in-game profile icons for certain amount of victories with certain clan or victory condition and stuff like that. Something to work towards so it's not just playing for the sake of playing."
,Recommended,466560,30143385,Posted: 24 February,all,Twitch@Shardoom_,"I would say, buy this game in a month because the only thing you can do now is singleplayer which is kinda boring after 3-4 ""matches"". But it's a awesome game tho! Kind like settlers <3"
,Recommended,466560,30718655,Posted: 24 March,all,Mod,"this game is good, it just like we must waiting some villager to make our clan be great. without tht we cant developing our clan. thats make this game more dificult then anygame RTS in steam"
,Recommended,466560,30738516,Posted: 25 March,all,Farheb,"Love this game! Such a good concept, great asthetic and setting.Game mechanics are rebust, fun and easy to understand.I was going to make a recomendation that this game should have a few more achievements but the devs just released a lot more. (beat me to it)Devs are updating the game all the time, can't wait to see how this title grows.Can't recomend enough."
,Recommended,466560,32136047,Posted: 2 June,all,lyle,wolf clan is op
,Recommended,466560,32120384,Posted: 1 June,all,MothafukinMitch,"Just tested the multiplayer , already find this game great , but now it's even better ! Can't wait to see what coming next . Keep up guys !"
76561198332290721,Recommended,466560,32151996,Posted: 3 June,all,psyduder,very good game got 10 hours straight this Friday try it dev and doing a great job!
76561198050137069,Recommended,466560,32148369,Posted: 3 June,all,oosterparker,Nice game!
76561198012301981,Recommended,466560,32188837,Posted: 4 June,all,[FFL] Mable,I cant wait to see what comes next with this game I am hoping they try and bring it to a real competative theme
,Recommended,466560,32188552,Posted: 4 June,all,omony,"Nice resource managment RTS. Easy to learn, gives some challenge - you have to balance a lot. Cute graphics."
,Recommended,466560,32119983,Posted: 1 June,all,chaosfay,"Played it for the first time today and...i'm a little confused.  I couldn't find anywhere that I could ""pause"" or ""save"" my progress.  It's a fun game, but no tutorial to really help guide me through some stuff.  I tried zooming out a bit so I could see my entire territory but that wasn't possible.  It's a fun game, I recommend it, but there's a learning curve of sorts."
76561198008015234,Recommended,466560,30431566,Posted: 10 March,all,Basileus,"A very fun game that is a hybrid of classic RTS and city builders. Exploring and building makes this game feel like you're actually managing a budding colony.  Combat is pretty basic, but is forgivable since it is not the primary emphasis of the game."
76561198115748259,Recommended,466560,31006379,Posted: 7 April,all,xDeadlyZedlyx,Fantastic.Basically civ 5 + warcraft 3 or another similar RTS. Very enjoyable albeit a bit simple/easy atm as the CPUs cant even keep themselves alive at the higher difficulties  (played 1v1 vs AI on hard.. AIs tribe died by itself lmao)
76561198207998219,Recommended,466560,30182157,Posted: 25 February,all,delachico,Awesome game
76561198047746797,Recommended,466560,30183403,Posted: 25 February,all,richemont,"cool little game, has some potential"
76561198020794085,Recommended,466560,32242803,Posted: 7 June,all,GSG3D,Recommend!
,Recommended,466560,32270075,Posted: 8 June,all,Lector,"Havent played much yet, But so far i really like the game and can recomend it :)"
,Recommended,466560,32169319,Posted: 3 June,all,DTM,Good game
,Not Recommended,466560,32279997,Posted: 8 June,all,Walrusbear,"Got boring quickly and is very limited in features. Lacks depth, think like an iPod game."
76561198102429177,Recommended,466560,31348352,Posted: 24 April,all,IRON MAIDEN,The game doesn't open for me anymore? Has anyone had trouble with this?
,Recommended,466560,31904208,Posted: 22 May,all,iHunterWolf,"buen juego, espero que lanzen el multyplayer pronto"
76561198085684833,Recommended,466560,32832491,Posted: 26 June,all,vsteal,There are a lot of things & mechanics that are yet missing in the game. I hope the developers are working on adding more mechanics in the game to make it more interesting. So far I think the game is going the right direction.This is my first early access purchase and I expected a lot from the game and not having them right now is a disappointment for me but I am hoping that devs will be doing a lot more to make it better than most RTS.Don't disappoint us devs. We are paying you to get all you need to make this game epic.I RECOMMEND BUYING IT BUT IT BETTER BE WORTH IT ON FULL RELEASE.Go go....
76561198105010732,Recommended,466560,32868319,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr_Clavemo,i have the minimun and recomended requisites but still havieng lag :/ could this be a game problem that will be solved or just a problem of my pc?
,Recommended,466560,32631861,Posted: 21 June,all,MO$$,this game needs middle easterne server asap!
,Not Recommended,466560,30195859,Posted: 26 February,all,Falancios,"Hello this is not a bad kind review, but the kind one to improve it, i liked the game a lot, and I think that it have a great potencial, but there are some aspects tha need to be seen. Such as: click and select units, click units and send then on mini map whatever I can. In my opinion if you will do this game more like AoE it will have a great success. I'm not talking about a game exactly like, but at least the mechanics. Not the story mode or the campaign, but the way you build things and select and comand the units.Anyway, it will be a good game, good like and I hope for a good job and that it will be available soon."
76561198159404212,Recommended,466560,31760852,Posted: 14 May,all,Hitler of Asia,How to Train Your Dragon but without dragons. 10/10
76561198040075453,Recommended,466560,30429566,Posted: 10 March,all,Flaccid Mustard,Great game worth the price cant wait for it to become multi-player!!
,Recommended,466560,34656579,Posted: 1 September,all,atwoodster,"I'm so glad I found this game!!! Basically a ""Settlers of Catan meets Civilization"" game dressed in Nordic thematics. I was on the fence about getting Civ 6 (as I had extremely mixed feelings about Civ 5), but Northgard basically takes everything that I loved from the Civilization francise and drops all the other time-wasting nonsense. I like also that it's not turn based, so playthroughs aren't terribly long. I can't believe this game is in ""early access"" either, because it's already quite polished. Excited to see how the game continues to develop :D"
76561198120992879,Recommended,466560,30164511,Posted: 25 February,all,Exiled Crusader,"Early Acces, but a hell lot of fun. If you liked Stronghold or Age of Empires, you will love it. The Devs are realy fixing all the bugs. 10/10"
76561198036432159,Recommended,466560,30164570,Posted: 25 February,all,ikido,Banished with everything i wanted now keep buildingi cant wait for a multiplayer and solo story.Lots of fun had 1 crash since i started up( but didnt expect any less.)well worth the money for a sit down and enjoy gameOnly bad thing there isnt enough yet :-)
,Recommended,466560,34720052,Posted: 3 September,all,Doug Dimmadope,fun♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,466560,34712575,Posted: 3 September,all,Z1MS4L4B1M,"This game is really a lot of fun. A mixture between ""The Settlers"" and ""Civilization"". I made a game and was playing for 3 hours straight, what doesnt happen very often to me.But there are some flaws which are annoying during time:- The damaged buildings. It is annoying with the repairs. Especially if your area that you control is really wide spread, you have a problem to make it for reapairing in time. YOu need to send one unit back to your townhall, transform it to a normal worker and then let it repair. And this with every single attack on one of the towers. This is really annoying during time- Also the change in the townhall to make them repair is annoying. Why can farmer etc. attack and defend but not repair a tower automatically if there are ressources?- Also that you can upgrade one area only one time. It is limiting extremely the possibilities of building a nice economy. Especially of you have rich areas like dears, fishes, stones etc.- Why is it so hard to get sones in this game? I am always running low of stones. ONly way is to build up a very good money production to buy it for money. But this is annyoing during time. The 30 stones of some fields is way too less.- Also winter is coming too fast. I dont have problems with winter, it is just annoying during combat etc. The time passes too fast in this game- Also as long term motivation this game is lacking some more possibilietes in updates/upgrades or better weapons.- Military is only limited with 3 units and during times this is really taking the games nearly endless. Sure, you can confince one giant to fight along side of you, but at the end, you have no possibility with a nice economy to outsmarten your enemy. The military is always on same level, no matter how good your economy is. Why not build a super weapon like a catapult etc?As said, this game is really nice, but lacking a  bit of possibilities in late game and is limiting itself to much with the way it goes. Looking forward to play it."
76561198070871957,Recommended,466560,34727488,Posted: 3 September,all,lilwolfe006,Love the pacing of this game!  It's nice to sit down with a group of friends and get through a whole game in an hour or two. :)    I'm not even a fan of these types of games typically and I really enjoy this one.
76561197968292641,Recommended,466560,32099717,Posted: 31 May,all,Canis - Humu,"Enjoyed the game a lot.  I see great potential, look forward to the campaign and future updates."
76561197962016651,Recommended,466560,33772539,Posted: 24 July,all,Xenigma,"Greatly reminicent of the earlier Settlers games (3 & 4) with an added survival and territory control element. Very well paced and always fun. The game posesses a strong Nordic aesthetic with a intrinsic mythological aspect. The victory conditions are well balanced and despite being very lighthearted in its general mood, the game offers very interesting strategic situations without over-emphasising micro managment.I am eager to see what future development will bring!Support this game!!"
76561198062975122,Recommended,466560,33790281,Posted: 25 July,all,BlackBuho,Great game. Absolutelly loving it.
76561198176547727,Recommended,466560,33794747,Posted: 25 July,all,Wiredunicorn,ITS GREAT.....but it needs more settings graphics wise like a more detailed resolution scale. other than that its an amazingly fun game for its price. i would recomend it. hopefully the devs optimize it more..
,Recommended,466560,33635534,Posted: 18 July,all,TG.V1per,Reminds me of The Setlers  and I loved that game!
,Recommended,466560,33797107,Posted: 25 July,all,Valinar,"My RTS experience is limited primarily to Civilization, so I'll compare this game to Civilization V & VI. Northgard is much faster than either Civilization, largely due to the smaller map, and with only 1-3 competitors the competition is limited. There are also various victory types to achieve like Civilization: Domination, Fame, Trade, Wisdom, and Helheim. Unlike Civiliation, Northgard is not turn-based nor is it rigidly tile-based. Thereby it feels like Age of Empires or other more traditional RTS games.Assigning your little Vikings jobs gives a rewarding feeling, and the limited micromanagement (especially compared to titles such as Civilization V), makes the game very enjoyable to play. I haven't beaten the game on harder difficulties yet, but from my easy mode experience I can say the Northgard provides a quick, fun, casual RTS experience that can fill you with rage when your neighbors conquer one of your territories, but then fuel you with bloodthirst just a few minutes later when you go for your revenge!All in all a good game, although I don't know if it has the depth necessary to log hundreds of hours into learning, exploring, and perfecting it; but for a quick fun RTS with a satisfying Viking atmosphere, Northgard hits the spot."
76561197972551642,Not Recommended,466560,33795850,Posted: 25 July,all,seinat,"Having been a huge fan of the Settlers series, I guess I was looking for something along those lines.  This game lacks the depth, and has some really strange restrictions that, to me, make no sense.  Limitations on buildings in each sector, can only grow farms on certain plots of land etc.  These keep you from really have a sense of freedom in building your village, and to me were frustrating.  You have to move villagers between sectors manually, which creates a lot of micromanagement without feeling like you are really accomplishing anything of significance.  I think with a few tweaks this could be a really fun game, but as it is I don't see any lasting value in it."
76561198039912619,Recommended,466560,33062276,Posted: 30 June,all,Thicc,This is one of the best rts games on pc right now its what your used to but at the same time very diffrent a great mix of pve and pvp for multiplayer looking foward to how this game develops over time.
,Recommended,466560,30726705,Posted: 25 March,all,Kaidan Alenko,"Played for the first time recently, and all I can say is that it's worth my money. It has lots of elements from CIV but nonetheless it has its own unique gameplay that's new and fun. If you love city building games except with vikings then this game is for you!"
76561198037241393,Recommended,466560,30962507,Posted: 5 April,all,Simonqwadjke,"Found this neat little game and just had to try it out.This game looks really pretty, the gameplay is very relaxing.As a game thats still in development its already really fun to play, cant wait for them to add campaign and multiplayer."
76561198071965366,Recommended,466560,30975651,Posted: 6 April,all,StarTropics,"A cross between Banished and Endless Legend. This is an RTS that focuses heavily on empire management and expansion more than combat. It actually reminds me a bit of Offworld Trading Company but with a Norse theme.The downside is that the early game is repetative. You're always going to start your game the same way regardless of your clan or which victory you're trying to achieve.Also all the clans look exactly the same. There is no variation in building styles or units between you and your opponents except the color you choose.Still a great game, I hope there is a good multiplayer community when the game is fully released."
76561198011511817,Recommended,466560,30988292,Posted: 6 April,all,amtgardzealot,If you like games like settlers 7 or majesty 2 then you will definitely like this game.
76561198090268639,Recommended,466560,30968837,Posted: 5 April,all,Chicken Knight,"Good few hours of gameplay for the price, multiple playthroughs still entertaining, can assume they will add more"
,Recommended,466560,32788826,Posted: 25 June,all,Ozz911,"Early Access Game and already OPBest Vikings Villages/RTS game so Far , Vikings lovers definitely will pick it up, Especially Skyrim Fans <3.9/10 Recommended.Signed ByOzz"
76561198023027423,Recommended,466560,32323019,Posted: 10 June,all,Djudja89,Great game for the money !
76561198031690197,Not Recommended,466560,30884038,Posted: 1 April,all,Cervello,"Looks nice, but at this moment: no go.Cannot train villagers. So no playing possibilities."
,Recommended,466560,32223921,Posted: 6 June,all,DanimalAwesome,"Because it's pre-alpha, I think it's unwarranted for there to be negative reviews on this game, unless the game is complete and utter trash, which this game isn't.Pros:-nice visuals-nice gameplay-replayability-games are relatively quick, you can generally finish a game within 2 hours, which is nice-not many bugs, which is a relief, I did get a too much memory error once and the game crashed, but i've played through 5 times and it's only happened the once, the game auto-saves, so it didn't push me back very far, maybe a few monthsCons:-could use more tribes, I do believe one is in the works-could use some balancing between the different tribes, (wolf is pretty busted imo, with the free colonizing with berserker, regardless of the cooldown, and goat seems a little lacking imo). It seems like each tribe is built around getting a specific type of victory, which is cool and all, but it would be nice if there was more versatility between the different tribes-additional disaster events would be nice, right now it seems there are just earthquakes during the summer and blizzards during the winter, both are pretty easy to prepare for, would also be nice if the game didn't announce what the disaster was going to be, so you could adapt on the spot, instead of being able to prepareSave for the few things that could improve the game immensely, the game is still fun and has value for the cost."
,Recommended,466560,32227490,Posted: 6 June,all,FarisLeonhart,+Enjoyable+Weather effects are well done+Loved how the village grows+Battle feels fun!
76561198008185405,Recommended,466560,33807168,Posted: 26 July,all,Parzival,All old gods please.
76561198006510813,Recommended,466560,30209015,Posted: 26 February,all,EroTheJoker,"Definetly the best and most polished early access game i've played. Pretty much a single player settlers like rts, with campaign and multiplayer. Looks nice plays nice and very enjoyable."
,Recommended,466560,30717267,Posted: 24 March,all,Protestant Alien,"Great game, only complaint is the expected happiness feature. What a dumb feature"
76561198032638065,Recommended,466560,30167945,Posted: 25 February,all,Jaeger,g
,Recommended,466560,34374673,Posted: 20 August,all,boazcstrike,"A new version of RTS. It has a few content as expected from an early access but the developers are constantly working hard to put in more content. They even fix a bunch of bugs and errors through patches to keep the game stable and breathing. If you have played Banished, this game will give you the same ""feels"".TLDR: Good game."
76561198067163538,Recommended,466560,34113938,Posted: 8 August,all,nomad,"great game, ok balance, great rts"
76561198028820590,Recommended,466560,34447994,Posted: 23 August,all,Lopermania,Great Game - just would love a HUGE island option?
76561197995169096,Recommended,466560,34240753,Posted: 14 August,all,TheOneQc,good little strategic game
76561197978414125,Recommended,466560,32191563,Posted: 4 June,all,RWG Big,"Awesome game, Cant wait to see what else they do to it!! Its like Age of Empires, but with alot more strategy, You have to stock up for the winter!! WINTER IS COMING!!! Plan trade routes, ensure your people are happy and survive the elements!! Seriously some of the most fun I have had in a while!! Definatly Recomended, and when you do get it ADD ME!!!"
,Not Recommended,466560,33642819,Posted: 18 July,all,Flyinpajamas,"This was a fun game, but quickly grew tired of it after winning a couple of games.  Not that it was easy, but that it became routine, and straightforward.  Once you get it, you'll enjoy it for some hours, then grow tired of it. Far too limited in the number of features at this point.  I'm sure in the future, this game will have many great features of gameplay."
,Recommended,466560,31347500,Posted: 24 April,all,Emperor Of Sand,cooleo
76561198058197058,Not Recommended,466560,32314277,Posted: 10 June,all,marcusloke888,"Bugs - if you play against 5 AI players, you can access only 2 AI players map.Others, if black. those black map AI players can attack you while you cannot attack them??Screen freezes often, and you have to wait...most of the time is change weather time will have screen freeze.No campaign till now?Only single player one session map game play - no fun."
,Recommended,466560,30162517,Posted: 25 February,all,LeviTheMetalGuy,"ADD MORE CONTENT PLOXOtherwise its not worth the money right now, great concepts and doesnt afraid of anything.Give it a month, i reccomend it then."
,Recommended,466560,34692195,Posted: 2 September,all,DevFoxtrot,This is definitely an enjoyable game with updates coming out regularly. They just added a new clan to play as. Excited to see it continue to get better.
,Recommended,466560,34722344,Posted: 3 September,all,Neulis,"Starving villagers, enemies taking territory on all sides, freezing to death, but you still win because you have the most money.10/10"
,Recommended,466560,33833053,Posted: 27 July,all,basketball cheerleader,civ 5 except mehit's aight
76561198040911118,Recommended,466560,31428709,Posted: 28 April,all,Bold and Brash,"fun, simple, vikingskeep up the good work devs"
76561198319454849,Recommended,466560,31499623,Posted: 1 May,all,i.am.spartacus,"Age of Empires feel, has a lot of potential! Patiently anticipating the campaign..."
,Recommended,466560,33238579,Posted: 4 July,all,Carwinyr,Very relaxing game with quite good strategy elements in it. Can't wait for the full release.
,Recommended,466560,31390760,Posted: 27 April,all,T1MB0,"Very nice Game! It wakes childhood-memories :DEasy to play and learn. No i am not a real quicklearner. Ok, yes i am. But it's even though not tough!Graphics are nice. Waiting for multiyplayer-matches! :OI'd love a kind of Storymode or something :)"
,Recommended,466560,31515048,Posted: 2 May,all,sbrodie,Really incredible and I look forward to multiplayer as well.
76561198019030068,Recommended,466560,31408359,Posted: 27 April,all,big_dave_,"Awesome Game, Love the concepts involved and the RTS style, will be the next big thing I am sure"
76561197960365075,Recommended,466560,35027441,Posted: 17 September,all,Mky,"A fine and promising title !Quite close to The Settlers, a type of game i thought forgotten. Even with its ""simple"" features at the moment (early access) it feels good to be completely in charge of your game, micro managing your workforce, economy, diplomacy and military troops on randomly generated maps.It already looks like a great game and yet there's more to come !"
76561198028717346,Recommended,466560,35003342,Posted: 16 September,all,Killer Albino,"Parece ser bem divertido, bastante desafiador. Tem futuro."
76561198144142237,Recommended,466560,31302586,Posted: 22 April,all,LGG | LTZ,GOODGAME!!!
,Recommended,466560,34829553,Posted: 8 September,all,Pandaple,+1
,Recommended,466560,34836622,Posted: 9 September,all,Jumbo ☉▵☉凸,Just great
76561198151896788,Recommended,466560,34807502,Posted: 7 September,all,T.R.L  117,It's alright
76561198128849021,Recommended,466560,34844267,Posted: 9 September,all,MigthyAlf,I have only played this game for a short while but i think this game i great and recommend this game
76561197965546444,Recommended,466560,32247042,Posted: 7 June,all,+no_daedalus+,"Game is a lot of fun........Until you get the error ""out of memory"" and it crashes......"
76561198143261334,Recommended,466560,30124285,Posted: 23 February,all,Killzone,Putting my view forward on the game i would say its good and if u hv a lot of time on ur hands u should try it. Its need a lot of adjustment to it still like an intro how to go about. It felt like I ended playing it but nothing poped up been stuck at the end of the game.
,Recommended,466560,30125083,Posted: 23 February,all,[OP] Fey,"An amazing game that even in its current state is worth a purchase if you are an old-school (pre-2004) gamer. Well balanced in terms of automation and manual control, it has just enough micro-managemant to avoid the long waits that bog down Stellaris and  Civilization VI."
76561198007662996,Recommended,466560,30128522,Posted: 23 February,all,iLLboRn,"Seems to be very well made.  I love the style, artwork, and the overall gameplay.  I verymuch reccomend this game and look forward to further development.  Buy now and support the developers so they continue to make this wonderfull game in to a great game."
76561197973957452,Recommended,466560,30129719,Posted: 23 February,all,SlammaJamma,Ok.  I've played through two games now.  I'm a huge RTS / city builder fan.  I love this game.  It's beautiful.  It plays well.  It's easy to understand.  There is some nice depth and replayability.  It scratches that itch very nicely.  Multiple win conditions.  World generation has nice variety and strategic elements that make each playthrough a unique and interesting challenge.  Congrats to the devs on creating something wonderful!
76561198261642960,Recommended,466560,30225992,Posted: 27 February,all,zhangzihan19931112,Chinese please
76561197999382127,Recommended,466560,30243757,Posted: 28 February,all,||IllI|||Ill,"Northgard- a refreshing take on the RTS genre.You land as one of many viking lords on a new found island and you’ll have to explore this new world with scouts and fight for control of regions. Building a strong home base is crucial for survival in the harsh environment, you’ll be faced with many challenges, including hostile animals and monsters fighting you for territory, Winters setting your progress to a hold and in some cases even setting you behind and even other Viking clans which can either be trading partners or foes.The game, though it is simple at the core, offers a lot of different ways to play the game, which can all lead to a victory over the other clans, you can chose to be a trade lord and earn your victory with your wealth, or you can harness your savage nature and obliterate your enemies, or find one of the many other paths.Pros:Changing environment which impacts gameplay. (summer/winter cycle and events)Good selection of clans which benefits different playstyles. (and more are coming)Beautiful design.Good progression throughout the game.Multiple win conditions.Lots of resources to manage and gather.Flexible unites (you can always change your villagers purpose)Simple, yet with a lot of complexity, fun and challenges.Good selection of buildingsCons:Few offensive unitsNeeds better building and unit managementNo tutorial (though helpful tips and easy to pick up gameplay)No way to alter map settings (for example removing one or more win conditions)Few defensive buildingsOverall a lovely game as is, with a lot of room to grow! With Campaign, multiplayer and more clans to chose from, this game could end up being a blast to play both solo and with friends.TL:DRViking RTS, play as one of 3(more coming) different clans and fight animals, monsters and AI opponents for control of the island. Changing environment with summer/winter and events which impacts gameplay. Lots of ways to win the game depending on playstyle. games take roughly 40 minutes to 2 hours. Promising game, good bang for your buck.Written 28/02-2017 with 12 hours of gameplay"
,Recommended,466560,32186408,Posted: 4 June,all,hahaa,sweetreminds me of wc3 a little
,Recommended,466560,34615197,Posted: 30 August,all,YungDagrDick,This game is a very fun game and I was surprised when I bought it. It is good to pass time and play but it doesn't have much replay ability because there isn't much of an end game. I would recommend this game to people because it is still fun and I am excited what the dev add in the future.
76561198094384339,Recommended,466560,33461687,Posted: 11 July,all,PRO GAMR,"ITS LEIK SOLITARE, BUT, AN RTS, BUT MINESWEEPER, BUT MINECRAFT, BUT MAGICKA, BUT CALL OF DUTY, BUT GAY"
,Recommended,466560,32830214,Posted: 26 June,all,Pickle Rick,A great game if you like AOE and CIV
76561198052089419,Recommended,466560,32831120,Posted: 26 June,all,Squishyme,Very nice graphics
76561198089415093,Recommended,466560,33795178,Posted: 25 July,all,CitraBuff,EXCELLENT AND fresh game... play now
,Recommended,466560,33399777,Posted: 9 July,all,Tiwaz,Smooth strategic civ-builder with pleasant aesthetics. Recommended for a casual gaming experience.
76561198068113890,Recommended,466560,35139993,Posted: 22 September,all,Mr_N3M3SiiS,This has to be one of the best games this year!
,Recommended,466560,35138476,Posted: 22 September,all,Article15,after very long time great RTS
76561198032474081,Recommended,466560,35167765,Posted: 23 September,all,Iisaak90,Buy it!
76561198118877164,Recommended,466560,33000028,Posted: 29 June,all,Seb,"It's alright, a bit shallow maybe.But then again, so is this review, so who am I to judge?"
,Recommended,466560,33003821,Posted: 29 June,all,Krevra,Tis Gud
76561198013706227,Recommended,466560,33005384,Posted: 29 June,all,DennisReinhart,"Some old school stuff plus a few new ideas => great game!Highly recommend to give it a tried when you like real-time strategyLimited content so far, but still alot for early access"
76561198062055025,Recommended,466560,35240516,Posted: 27 September,all,Terran,Awesome game!
,Recommended,466560,35261730,Posted: 28 September,all,Muawiyah V.,Boek!
,Recommended,466560,30150625,Posted: 24 February,all,Martan,"Really pleasant game to play in it's current EA status. Pretty unique I would say, it took many inspirations mostly from Settlers series. Spicing it with North mythology which affects gameplay in good ways.It mostly needs balancing of gameplay/resources and improving/adding some mechanics.I'm having high hopes for this title! Developers did good work so far =))"
76561198043430238,Recommended,466560,30152187,Posted: 24 February,all,Zakarda,"I am looking forward to this games uppdates.So far it is looking good, a very nice start."
76561197995580872,Recommended,466560,30150065,Posted: 24 February,all,hestefrank,I like it and it has great potential
76561198008501262,Recommended,466560,30151604,Posted: 24 February,all,SheerTorcher,"This early access game requires patience, because it crashes or bugs out once per hour in my experience. It has some charms, landing a playthrough somewhere solidly between ""meh"" and ""that was fun, is the pizza here yet?""Pros:Straightforward gameplay, yet multiple viable paths to victoryDecent graphics that don't overload the system, a good balance between art and playabilityCons:The multiple paths to victory scream out for multiplayer, but it is not yet enabled.The ""management"" tag associated with this game in the store doesn't really apply. ""Resource management"" goes as far as building extraction centers for raw resources: there are no second or third steps of building logistics chains and beating your opponent that way. This is an RTS, plain and simple.I enjoyed it, I'd say it was worth the money, and when the multiplayer comes out, it will probably be about as much fun as the tabletop game ""Settlers of Katan""."
76561198145521601,Recommended,466560,30153029,Posted: 24 February,all,ShadeyDusk,"i have played a few games now and it is very fun! this is not a traditional RTS like WC3 or Starcraft but its more of like a survival! and i really like the twist this game brings to RTS! Over all i really liek it and would very much suggest buying it!  Thoguh i wish there was more to do itas just single player at the moment but hopefully soon more will be added!THe game is lacking however but i cant really say much on it cause its still early access so its not suppose to have alot but i do hope to see more units' clans, and simply more color choices then red blue yellow and green.Ovr all i really am enjoying this! ths is very fun! probably the most fun ive had playing a steam game since i bought Ori!"
76561198000388907,Recommended,466560,33160871,Posted: 2 July,all,God_Boy,Really promising game.
76561198007615627,Recommended,466560,32221932,Posted: 6 June,all,Thalbador,Cool!
76561197968498488,Recommended,466560,31173536,Posted: 16 April,all,me,Awesome :) Looking forward to updates
76561198009432064,Not Recommended,466560,32766261,Posted: 25 June,all,mhawk313,"This game is great, but still needs alot of work.Pro: Like Age of Empires but for the 21st centuryCons:  Food kills you every time,  needs more clans,  sheep should be avalible to all clans not just the sheep F(*K clan.I would say 4/5, but only if your drinking, other wise 2/5 needs alot of work."
76561198200623487,Recommended,466560,30116906,Posted: 23 February,all,Overkill576,"Fun game. It is different from what I play, but im looking for something just like this. Some things could make the game even better like actually selecting all troops instead of single sets. Once you play the game for an hour, you'll realise what you need to do. I played through it once to a victory and already feel as if i've completed the game/no campaign. 2.7 hrs. Overall Great game."
76561198008582160,Recommended,466560,30125146,Posted: 23 February,all,TheMetalfreak360,"I really like this game, it simple atm, but it very much reminds me of Settlers."
76561198042625230,Recommended,466560,30130238,Posted: 23 February,all,patrickbelluz,Fantastic game.
,Recommended,466560,30133411,Posted: 23 February,all,Eldon The Noble,"If you have ever played any Strategy game, real time or turn based, you will see aspects of it in this game.This game seems to pull from every strategy game I have ever played, which is a very good thing!The Gameplay:The gameplay is really unique but at the same time extremely familiar. This takes from so many different amazing titles and they make it their own. For people who complain about the lack of replayability must not realize it is not finished yet and they are bringing a multiplayer version which adds so much replayability to any game.I have seen frustration with build limits on tiles but when you think about Vikings, they were not concetrated in one small area but rather sprawled out. I thought this created a good balance between lore and making for unique gameplay.The Graphics:This game is beautiful! Full of life, vibrancy, and color! It seems to follow the same stylings of Civilization 6, which if this becomes a trend in some games I am completely for it.The Lore:Alright so I have seen people say that the developers need to add all these different kind of units and the ability to build walls. If you look at Viking lore you did not have any of that. They did not build heavily fortified cities, instead they were spawled out. If you want all that other stuff then play any of the Age of Empires games. Although something like a shield maiden type unit would be nice.I would like to see actual norse mythology like their religion take an apect of the game. Yes that would be very dark but the Norse people were very dark.Overall:All in all I really like this game. I plan on logging a good bit of hours, especially once multiplayer hits. I also look forward to future developments.If you enjoy any strategy games, especially real time strategy games, then you should defintely give this a go!"
,Recommended,466560,30157566,Posted: 24 February,all,Demon,Love it!RTS are easily my favorite genre but I've grown tired of the zerg rush/amass hordes type of games.  Dawn of War and Company of Heroes innovated the scene and I love them both.  This is the first game I can really think of too bring some fresh idea's in the range of those games. And it's only a 20 dollar game.  Really looking forward to this through dev and possibly expansions.
76561198003036772,Recommended,466560,30189049,Posted: 25 February,all,Sloul,"Short EA review. I just wanted to thumbs up the game.It's a gestion strategy game with simplistic approach at skirmishes mechanic -- which I wish will get more sophisticated in time.As it stands, and despite the lack of numerous features/buildings/clans, the game is pretty addictive.Also note that, atm, the game looks a lot like a board game for computer.+ Distinctive clans with special units, tech, buildings etc.+ ''Funny'' gameplay in the vibe of old school gestion games (like cultures, settlers but also Bullfrog games): surviving the game world can be quite challenging at time (harder mods).- ''Messy controls'', they don't pose too much trouble when starting a new game, because you have few to manage.But as you get control over more lands, it's hard for me to explain, but basically, you warriors will work as 1 block.You'll have to micromanage (without the possibility to set groups) to split them in the case you need to.Same is true for villagers, but again, hard to describe it here.- No active pause mod for SP"
76561198022467785,Recommended,466560,30228582,Posted: 27 February,all,SpaMoni,A great foundation for a soon to be great Nord RTS. Im looking forward to playing this through early release to finished product. I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys a good RTS
,Recommended,466560,30229500,Posted: 27 February,all,Tyak,"TLDR:+many paths to victory+beautiful graphics+competent AI-overall high production values+deep yet easy to understand mechanics+random map generation-you can't keep playing matches forever-although its not twitchy, you can't waste too much timeYou might like it if you:+want a quick to play but still deep RTS game+like games about vikings+like games like Settlers or CulturesYou better skip it if you:-are looking for long and complicated production cycles-want long lasting games with huge army build ups-are looking for a city builder or a economics simulation-prefer not to win (see below)I have seen this game on a Let's Play and thought, I should check it out. And oh my god, was I surprised how good and enjoyable it is! Granted, by the time of this review I have only played for a bit over three hours, but the experience made me want to give it a review right away.Northgard is quite similar to the Cultures series, both in feel and in some of its gameplay. But it plays much faster. A game against the AI lasts about 45 to 60 minutes, if you try to rush to specific victories, maybe only 30 minutes.The biggest and most charming aspect of Northgard is the abundance of possibilities of victory conditions together with the (in skirmishes) random map layout.You can win by:-killing all enemy clans-building trade posts and accumulate a specific amount of money-gathering enough fame through various activities-achieving a science victoryor by a random map specific goal that is a mixture of king-of-the-hill and defeating a special baddieYou might try to persue a specific strategy at the beginning of the game, but you will most likely feel the need to change it as you discover more and more regions of the map that offer you a more efficient way to victory. By limiting resources and building space per region, the game demands thoughtful decision making.The only negative thing I can think of is the fact, that everybody is always making some kind of progress towards victory. Be it by constantly accumulating fame through raiding parties or gathering knowledge for the science victory. So you always feel the pressure to keep going (which could also be a good thing) or you will loose. Its not possible to get to a stalemate situation.Although still in Early Access, Northgard already offers a very enjoyable experience. And there is still a campaign mode planned. If I had any wishes or complaints, I'd say, that I'd like to see more options during game setup. The possibility to disable specific victory conditions or to adjust their progress speed would be nice."
76561198015260104,Recommended,466560,30229614,Posted: 27 February,all,Swampy,"The purchase of this game was met with much hesitation. I was not sure if I wanted to purchase the game, but my brethren were in need! The scourge rampaged our land and they need the help of a powerful chieftain to reclaim their home land. With much anticipation and though, a strategy was developed to overcome the evil in the land! With vigilance and hope, the Vikings have settled their new home in the hand of their new Chieftain.What are you waiting for, buy it…. You know you want too……"
76561198117507817,Recommended,466560,30244770,Posted: 28 February,all,el O el,"OK i love the game it's great plays well lacks content but they are adding new stuff slowly. Has a few bugs but the team is on it rolling out patches and bug fixes every day. The only problem its not working for some users i also had to install it on my HP laptop which has Nvidia, it kept crashing on my Dell which has AMD. Overall great game fun loving every minute of it!!!"
76561198023816343,Recommended,466560,30279977,Posted: 2 March,all,Mr President of Kenya,"Really good game. Great mechanics, looks and gameplay ! Looking forward to the Multiplayer :D"
,Recommended,466560,30282789,Posted: 2 March,all,Bo Viking,"A fun RTS with survival being an important aspect of your base management.It offers a lot of decision making throughout the game where the answer isn't always clear. The game requires resource managment, strategy, survival while still being at odds vs other players. Not only that, you're also combating the cold potentially lethal winters alongside the other players. If this winter is especially cold, all players must do their best to endure it.There's many victory conditions including map specific victory goals that helps make Northgard a compelling worthwhile RTS."
76561198027320420,Recommended,466560,30293226,Posted: 3 March,all,Dojo,awesome game :D !
76561198000526188,Recommended,466560,30300522,Posted: 3 March,all,rugby-cobbler,Love it.
,Recommended,466560,30302612,Posted: 3 March,all,[TAW] Zekee™,"Good relaxing game, i can put 20+ hours easy in to this game :)"
,Recommended,466560,30305633,Posted: 3 March,all,gagamer1337,The game is quite enjoyable as I find myself playing a match to kill some free time. I find the game to be small and hoping that they plan to add more content. I would love to see some mage type characters and some more buildings. I am really excited for multi-player though.Overall though I am looking forward to seeing what they do with the game.
76561198056594510,Recommended,466560,30321004,Posted: 4 March,all,|FallTec|,Amazing game. There's really nothing to do anymore after getting all of the achievements. I hope to see something that makes this game intresting to play for a longer period of time. Right now the game has content for about 20 hours (unless you're like me who loves exploring every corner of the game).
76561198083577922,Recommended,466560,30321840,Posted: 4 March,all,Just Luck,"Northgard, even in its current Early Access state, is one of the better Viking games I’ve played in recent years. And I say that as someone who has an actual Viking raven banner flying above his desk. It plays similarly to old school Age of Empires while cutting back on micromanagement in the spirit of modern RTS design, and its understated art style captures the contrast between bleakness and wonder at the foundation of Norse mythology.10/10even pcgamer likes it.... what more do you need"
,Recommended,466560,30332518,Posted: 5 March,all,HumAn{Kamikaze},I was looking for this kind of a game for a long time now. And the money i payed is worthevery cent. Hopefully the Devs will keep up the good work and show us that the multiplayerpart and the Battlefield will be as awsome as the part in the game that we have now.
76561198019775422,Recommended,466560,30356053,Posted: 6 March,all,neocwbbr,"The game has potential, nice gameplay, sounds and graphics. They need to increase the army variety and include an option to move or found more town halls."
,Recommended,466560,30363558,Posted: 6 March,all,SipsFatherinLaw,Very fun RTSHas more features than many games that are out of early access.2 thumbs up
76561198086866124,Recommended,466560,33780202,Posted: 24 July,all,Palmer Deadbeat,"I haven't played that long yet. But from what I have played, I'll tell you this game is great. I'll come back in another 15 hours or so to give you my thoughts after extended play time. But so far, this game has proved strategic yet easy to comprehend. It's not overly confusing or complex, which makes it perfect for new players to get into. Yet It still throws enough your way to make It feel like you have serious choices to make with serious consequences/benefits. The game has very positive reviews and so far I'd have to say It deserves it. If i didn't have to work tomorrow you could bet your♥♥♥♥♥I'd be up all night playing."
,Recommended,466560,30116291,Posted: 23 February,all,SpaceVagina,This has all the aspects to be a great game - one thing let s CTLR+number to create groups ex for warriors CTLR+1 so we can fast shift between groups
,Recommended,466560,30116776,Posted: 23 February,all,gladboys,"Love it, super polished and heaps of fun to play.Obviously looking forward to release of more features, and agree with other posters that modifying victory conditions would help a lot.Also think having a named levelling hero would be excellent."
,Recommended,466560,30119587,Posted: 23 February,all,ytseshred,Just played a couple rounds of the single player and definitely fun so far. Looking forward to trying out the campaign and to see where else the game goes.
76561198100393762,Recommended,466560,30119673,Posted: 23 February,all,HECYCBET,"It's an early access, and so far the game is quite fun.3 different clans, with unique bonuses and slightly differing technology trees fight over a map defined by an area control mechanic.Basically, the map is divided into small areas with unique bonuses and/or resources, differing from plain forest to Yggdrasyl, the World tree. You need to colonize an area by defeating foes and bying it through recources to be able to use the bonuses. IT sort of remids of CIV5 city construction, although here you are operating one settlement and have to engage into action instead of plain buing cells.This mechanic is both source of fun and frustration. Besides exploring tombs and fighting draugrs, wolfs and other wyrms, you have to build economy around resources available at the start. And the map is randomized. The result is as follows. Only one out of three clans posesses perks to sustain economy despite unfavorable resource distribution. Other two actually need a good start to be able to compete. Like CIV, again. If your first city is badly placed, you're in deep doo-doo. Also, having too many different resources in the same area is not good, either.All these issues will be balanced out, I think. But the feel of the game is actually quite good. Winters FEEL harsh. exploration IS fun and the music is great. UI is easy to read (Unlike something like Endless Legend). The only bug i found is that game does not load out from the map correctly. It outputs an error when you close it after playing and if you try to start new map after playing one.Recommend it. Really want to see the game to advance."
,Recommended,466560,30119722,Posted: 23 February,all,Cap'nCrunch,It is not even complete yet but is possibly my new favorite RTS game.
,Recommended,466560,30123408,Posted: 23 February,all,G1NG3Rsensation,"I'm the type that likes to really digest a game before purchase. That means reading reviews and watching gameplay on YouTube or other various sites because my pennys are unfortunatley too precious to spend on just any ol' game. Especially an indie game in early access.Northgard was anything but a waste of money. I grew up on games like this (Warcraft, Starcraft, and other types of RTS games). The gameplay is smooth and the graphics are very nice for early access. There isn't a whole lot offered just yet, single player vs. 0-4 AI opponents. Campaign and Multiplayer coming soon. Theres is a tech tree similar to Civs, kinda short. Note to Devs, I know this is a way to win a match by discovering tech quickly, but maybe add an option to disable a tech/lore win and add onto the tech tree with advanced options?I highly recommend this game if your into RTS. SUPPORT THE DEVS!Also, the soundtrack is on point!"
,Recommended,466560,30124214,Posted: 23 February,all,Zanther,"It's good. I played a round in 1.5 hours, lost because Catute got a victory right as I had my 12/12, my altar and had 985/1000. So, so much fun."
,Recommended,466560,30128328,Posted: 23 February,all,Bong Yomsky,"The design for this game is top notch. I mean everything from the game itself to the UI and menus is simple to understand and fun to use. The current version as of 2 23 2017 has single player with 3AI opponents, and it's awesome as is."
76561198032691190,Recommended,466560,30129296,Posted: 23 February,all,Gyropter,"This game has a solid foundation right now. If they keep doing what they're doing, this game is going to be amazing. I guarantee that have spent more for an EA game than this. From what I have played so far, $20 is a perfect price for this. You have to try this game, you will be glad you did."
76561198329317784,Recommended,466560,30132080,Posted: 23 February,all,J.a Benz,Great game played for about an hour and i can say its really fun and challenging also once they add mutiplayer into the game its going to be really really good!
,Recommended,466560,30223024,Posted: 27 February,all,Oriental Geezer,"Amazing game, reminds me of the settlers"
76561198024629343,Recommended,466560,30226995,Posted: 27 February,all,Delphic77,"Folks this is a good game with the potential of becoming great.At this stage of its development, I feel like I am playing the demo for the original WarCraft.Startlingly good and I want more.If they nail the campaign mode things will be epic."
76561198071776665,Recommended,466560,30227184,Posted: 27 February,all,mlaur,Can't wait for new content! really great game.Lets hope they finnish product will be more awsome
,Recommended,466560,30229284,Posted: 27 February,all,Chri$,"As being in early access, this game is wonderful. The graphics are so smooth and clean, everything renders nicely. The strategic approach is awesome; there are multiple ways to achieve victory. Despite a few small little bugs, everything is great. I am looking forward to the multiplayer, campaign, and new clans to play as. The only thing I wish the game had was varied buildings (to an extend) depending on the clan you chose. Also, being able to upgrade the townhall further. (currently, you can only upgrade it once).Looking forward to the updates!"
76561197984640784,Recommended,466560,30235203,Posted: 27 February,all,SleepyOne,Awsome :)
76561198043699458,Recommended,466560,30235478,Posted: 27 February,all,Northgard,"Having a blast with the game so far! I've had the player alias of ""Northgard"" for years now (in games like WoW, Guild Wars, ESO, etc.) so as soon as I saw a game with the same name, I knew I had to try it! And I am very pleased with the game! Here are some of the things that stood out for me:- I really enjoy the talent-like system for your clan via lore.- The gathering of food, materials, and treasures is great and it makes me think of Age of Empires.- I like that the different clans have different identities and I am eager to see the new ones on the way! Please bring a Bear clan!- I enjoy the diversity of the various points of interest in the map.- I enjoy the flexibility of the villagers; being able to change your workers' roles immediately.- Overall, I enjoy how the various goals in the game (i.e. trading, gathering, etc.) are interwoven with one another.- Also, the world looks and feels great. I felt immersed and I enjoyed the music; looking forward to the full soundtrack!The following points aren't exactly ""cons"" or ""downsides"" in my view, but rather areas that I would like to see some clarity on, or perhaps some kind of iteration:- While I understand that building 10 buildings in one territory segment is definitely unideal, I do feel that in some games against the A.I. I've felt very limited by some territories. Some were pretty big (physically), but it would only allow 1 or 2 buildings. This makes sense when there's a source for a kind of resource, but I've had an open field that had deer in it, but was limited to 1 building there. I understand that there needs to be some kind of restriction, but is it possible that we might see some adaptation to the number of buildings allowed in territories? Are the boundaries of territories perhaps already enough of a restriction on its own? (even if I tried, I doubt I will be able to fit more than 5-7 buildings in some segments) Perhaps different limits for different kinds of buildings? (a budget for defensive, and productive buildings?) There were definitely times that I wished I could just go wild and build my houses in a neat square all around my Town Hall (also, O.C.D definitely does not help me with budgeting buildings!). So, perhaps we could see some more freedom with the base building in the future? Personally, I am the type of RTS player that loves to build a fortress with walls and towers everywhere; so there will always be a part of me that hopes for some kind of fort-building. Perhaps an overall limit for buildings that isn't limited to a specific segment, but rather limited to the total number of territories that a player owns? (i.e. 5 joined territories = 25 buildings anywhere in the overall territory). Allowing you to choose where your building budget goes? I understand that this might lead to balance issues, but surely some of these issues can be worked around? (i.e. having 10 towers in 1 territory should never be a thing, but it would be cool to be able to neatly arrange my houses in one territory, while dedicating other segments for other buildings)- I enjoy the happiness system in the game, and I really like the creative iteration on how happiness is relative to the clan you're playing; it makes the clans feel distinct! It took me a while to learn how this works (which is not as complicated as I thought it was on day 1, and I’m just bad at the game), but sometimes I felt like it was absolutely out of my control to keep it fairly neutral. Sure, I was very unlucky with weather conditions and Draugr invasions once, but I mean specifically that without much warning, things can go wrong pretty quickly; which isn't entirely bad, but I wasn't given any chance to avoid it. Perhaps I haven't played it enough to master this, but as happiness is the resource that determines the rate of villager growth, it really hurts when you can't spawn more villagers, but you genuinely need more after some died from a blizzard or an invasion or something. I understand these conditions need to be unforgiving, but I feel that the impact that happiness has on one's rate of growth can be very rough; almost inhumanely rough at times if you're very unlucky (and in my case, relatively new to the game). (Edit: After a few more hours of practice, it is far less of an issue than I thought originally).- I would just love to be able to have a random outlier territory as a kind of outpost in the future! At the moment, you can't have a territory unless it's connected to existing territories which makes sense, but I feel like there can be a lot of excitement to be found if we could build a kind of outpost away from our territories. Perhaps it can have higher maintenance costs because it's further away? Or something along those lines. Imagine spawning on a map where there isn’t much food close to your territories, but your enemy has a deer segment over yonder that isn’t well guarded. It can create some fun and lucrative opportunities in an RTS context. Can be a good motivator for conflict and for initiating battles.- The game-winning conditions of the game are an interesting mechanic that I haven’t seen in any game that I’ve played in the past (I am sure there are games that have done similar things, I just haven’t played any of them enough to comment). Things like colonising the Yggdrassil, or gates of Helheim, or reaching a certain level of fame would result in a win for that specific player. While I like this idea a great deal, I found myself wondering what it would be like to play against a player who beat me because he/she colonised the Yggdrassil. I can’t really say accurately yet because the multiplayer component isn’t in the game yet, but I can imagine it could be quite a shock if you are minding your own business building up your base, then suddenly you lose because your enemy found the Yggdrassil. So my only concern here lies in the number of avenues that one can pursue in order to win a match. This can actually be useful when you are facing an opponent who is clearly ahead of you, and it can provide an opportunity to turn the tide of the match, but wouldn’t it perhaps be more interesting to have these conditions isolated in specific game modes? Like a kind of “king of the hill” or “race to the Yggdrassil” kind of game mode where it’s the main objective? Maybe, instead of making it an instant win, what if the Yggdrassill or the Gates to Helheim gave you a combat benefit? Helheim could give you special troops, and Yggdrassil can double your resource rates for a while. Personally, if I’ve found myself often ignoring these objectives completely in the games that I’ve played, solely because I didn’t want the game to end yet; I haven’t even seen or truly fought an enemy yet. So maybe having combat or resource benefits can encourage exciting gameplay opportunities. All this said, I still think that capturing a certain territory (in a kind of race) can be a very fun game mode and can still have a very lucrative position in the current versus-A.I mode. (Edit: After specifically aiming to achieve these winning conditions, I've realised that they can sometimes be harder to obtain than beating an enemy warchief. These can still be fun game modes on their own though!)Those are the only ""cons"" (for the lack of a better term) I wish to find some clarity for in the future. The worst feelings I've had while playing this game was: ""I wish I could build my stuff freely (or a bit  more freely)"" and ""These villagers aren't spawning and I suck at keeping my village happy"", and ""I wish I could build a kind of gate or wall to protect my territories and to make it feel like a kingdom"". All things considered, I still enjoy this game greatly and I hope to see it grow! Keep it up!"
76561198366012091,Recommended,466560,30247904,Posted: 28 February,all,gamecast66,Awesome game. Loads of fun. Cant wait to see whats in store
76561198241831610,Recommended,466560,30248827,Posted: 28 February,all,Odins revenge,best game iv played in a long time 10/10
,Recommended,466560,30248845,Posted: 28 February,all,Cave,Much fun
76561198116147640,Recommended,466560,30267732,Posted: 1 March,all,Fangrai,"Northgard is - despite its Early-Access-State - one of the best strategy games I've played in quite some time. The graphicy are comic-y and they fit the style of the game really well. Up till now the game has only got single player but the different Clans you can play, the number of enemies (0-3) you can face and the random spawning map make up for it.The controls are easy enough to learn and the game is fairly easy to get into - you don't have to read half a page of guides just to know what which type of building or viking can do. The whole thing with changing seasons reminds me a whole lot of Banished but in addition you have NPCs or just Draugrs and wolves crossing your plans.I'm really looking forward to the campaign and the multiplayer.The game's not yet worth the 20€ I payed for it, but with the two above mentioned and all in all more in game content I believe it's going to be one of the best strategy games of this year. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,466560,30269507,Posted: 1 March,all,Curze,"Really good economy management strategy game, if the campaign and multiplayer continue the high quality the game shows so far then this will be a fantastic title."
,Recommended,466560,30274686,Posted: 2 March,all,Pradityan,"A simple, beautiful RTS. The artwork is lovely, the music is good, and the gameplay itself is actually fun.Sure, the gameplay is a lot simpler than many other RTS out there, but it still feels somehow rewarding.Plus all the mechanics are working great and right now, the only thing it needs is campaign and multiplayer.I only played for 3 hours but I think this game has a potential to be a very entertaining RTS.Here hoping the campaign and the multiplayer will be good."
,Recommended,466560,30283196,Posted: 2 March,all,KaizerKai,"I really like this RTS game.The GOOD:-Really good design and animation-I like the style and elements from older games-It's challenging and fun-The weather and resources are important, adding immersion to the game.-Varied options to win-It has a certain progression feeling, but not overwhelming.The BAD:-The seasons are wayyyy to fast (in my opinion)-The military units are really limited, I would like to see some other options.-It can be repetitive once you have played several matches, (low replayability problem)-Only one upgrade, the game reach a end game really fastThe SUGGESTIONS:-If you select a villager to build something in other terrain/territory, please make him go and build it, instead of only setting the base of the building and ignoring it.-The victory conditions are interesting, but really easy to achieve, in multiplayer could be a problem...if you focus on the trader victory you will spend all your money on this building and upgrades for the trader one, but if you're against an enemy preparing for war you'll have a huge disadvantage and surely perish.-I think this game is more oriented towards City Building and Simulation, instead of warfare RTS, I'm happy with the progress and the actual work of the Studio in this game, please don't try to bite more than you can chew, don't try to mix all the RTS options, focus on one and polish that one, give some extra elements for immersion but focus in one specific style."
76561198079940302,Recommended,466560,30245335,Posted: 28 February,all,hexon,Game looks and feels lovely. Been playing couple of hours now and I'a very satisfied. You have my EA support!  Keep on enhancing it.
76561198024557765,Recommended,466560,30247786,Posted: 28 February,all,FRENCHZORRR,very nice game cant wait for full game++by a fps gamer
76561198129627108,Recommended,466560,30249398,Posted: 28 February,all,TheSaltyBuffalo,"I really enjoy this game. It is like AOE but more based around your villagers instead of around making people from different buildings.It is a little like the old game Pharoah mixed with AOE. You have to be cautious you are making enough wood and food for your villagers and there are many ways to win the game whether through combat, conquest, holding an objective area for a long time or through fame."
76561198046012911,Recommended,466560,30250206,Posted: 28 February,all,krystallus,If you like Age of Empires and Civ this is a great game that follows in their footsteps.
76561198022275136,Recommended,466560,30270567,Posted: 1 March,all,Kahlo C137,"Really great game, hopefully u stay creative^^ love the artwork alot!"
,Recommended,466560,30272987,Posted: 1 March,all,Hayman Den,"First Steam Review, so may not be the most coherent.In the game's current state I rather enjoy it, I love the visuals, style and feel of the game. It is a simple RTS with a few mechanics that I personally haven't seen before in an RTS (although my catalogue isn't too large) and find it very interesting. The singleplayer matches last about 1-2 hours and have a choice of 3 different factions with unique bonuses and currently have 4 different victory conditions. The current game doesn't have much content in my opinion, but for what there is it is very well done and thought out. Although for those who want high value out of their money, I wouldn't recommend buying it at a much later state. The Devs clearly have more to come, such as a campaign and multiplayer and I can't wait to what they have in store, and am glad to help fund their efforts."
,Recommended,466560,30279086,Posted: 2 March,all,KlanX,"Awesome RTS, very challenging as well (lost my first game vs 3 normal AI), graphics are nice, UI is very good and I understood everything on my first game without any tutorial.It can use more optimizations (should run better), and I'd love to see more units overall (bigger battles, more citizens to manage), also archers!"
76561198123162736,Recommended,466560,30283620,Posted: 2 March,all,StrawberryMushroom,"I saw this game as early access last week and i have to say, the Norse mythology had me instantly hooked. I was a bit sceptical about buying it but i gave in and did. I love the way the game works and rotates around being attacked or having to stock up for environmental phases, literally blows my mind. I cant wait to see what you guys have to bring forth in upcoming updates and i honestly recommend this game to anyone. Keep up the good work and keep it real.RegardsStrawberryMushroom/Onii-Chan"
,Recommended,466560,30285498,Posted: 2 March,all,ShadowTail,Civilization + The Settlers + Old RTS Games like Age of Empires or Age of Mythology + Vikings = Northgard.
76561198203426528,Recommended,466560,30288975,Posted: 2 March,all,Andypowa,"Northgard is nice and entertaining strategy game, specially if you enjoy norse mythology.The game starts pretty slow and you will think is easy and simple but sooner or later you will realize is not. It finds balance on every aspect and there are different ways to win the game so you can play different strategies in order to win.The game is still in alpha, so I'm gonna leave my recommendations to developers:-Let us select which villager will build-Once the selected villager finishes building, he should start working there except training camp.-More clear ways of how to get happiness"
,Recommended,466560,30292395,Posted: 3 March,all,KindaSad,i took control of the whole map in 3 hours ..can't w8 for the online mod
,Recommended,466560,30299976,Posted: 3 March,all,embecmom,"Nice game, does feel a little like a cross between settlers and basic civ mechanics.. its not quite a city building game but territories need to be captured, which will at times offer the ability to build unique buildings on them along with the standard ones, but you are only allowed to build a specific no. of building in each territory.   This means you have to manage the buildings or destroy those that may be better shifted elsewhere... then there is the civ management where you have to manage food/wood/happiness/Krone (money) / Lore (research) are the consistently required goods where you will only get stone and metal from mining by finding specific sectors as mentioned before...much as you would imagine they woudl be utilised for.ATM it is a sort of skirmish mode vs the AI which I can see as being easily beaten pretty quickly ... no MP or campaign as its early access.   I think MP will be good fun as the fight for specific resources and sectors will create some nice battles.Battles are basic, click and charge and as far as I got in the game only two types of units... axemen and a chieftan..most games recently I have returned within 2 hours .. this one time flew by and glad I still have it ......some things I have noticed need some improvement...villagers not assigned to a role forage in the region ... but graphically wise their collecting apples but there is nothing there.. would be nice to have graphical improvement on that...Villagers get unhappy quickly .. generally you can see why they are unhappy but when its 0 there is no indicater to understand why.. basically you need to build a happiness building... a nudge in that direction would be good.One really stupid thing is that wounded scouts and soldiers impact production.. why?  they are not in a production role...Wolves can capture regions...go figure...you cant click on a villager and build.. you need to build then assign a villager to build it.. then assign a villager to the role of that building... gets a bit click happy."
,Recommended,466560,30316468,Posted: 4 March,all,Dneverend,"Really good fun, can't wait to see what new content they add in the future."
76561198055113752,Recommended,466560,30318188,Posted: 4 March,all,cemuzman83,very nice rts game.. cant wait for campaign and more skirmish options..
76561197978772641,Recommended,466560,30325056,Posted: 4 March,all,Pistoleiro,Good Game! Very promising!
76561198097240869,Recommended,466560,30329075,Posted: 4 March,all,raven_179,"I haven't played this game long, but I know when I have found quality. 10/10. Would kill everybody again."
76561198053476975,Recommended,466560,30342413,Posted: 5 March,all,Raven Crafte,"Don't really do reviews.  This game is pretty good, its unpolished but whats there is really addicting and makes me want to play through all the victory conditions.  Because its not so much a basebuilding type thing as other RTS''s, I want to see more ways to interact with the world, maybe like natural defensive areas or more resources and monsters to fight.  Love it, just want more to do in this world"
,Recommended,466560,30358385,Posted: 6 March,all,Angry Buddha,"A very different type of RTS, it's tricky and needs work, but if it keeps on going where it's headed I have no doubt that it will be one of the top ranked RTS games in a long time."
,Recommended,466560,30359050,Posted: 6 March,all,stonemage,Good game but only a few hours of content at the moment. Is it worth 20$? - probably not right now but they have alot to add. Right now all you can do is vs AI custom games basically - no campaign yet. Everything in game right now feels good and is  bug free for me at least.
,Recommended,466560,30373072,Posted: 7 March,all,Kushaja,"This game reminded me why i used to love rts games. Great mix of strategy, 4x and worker placement games.High reccomendation if you love any of those genres!"
,Recommended,466560,30597630,Posted: 18 March,all,Maeson,I like this game very much and I have only been able to experience the Single Player and already I feel like this game is worth it's much fully. If you are thinking about buying this game take my advice this game will make you sink hours into it without even having all of it's content yet!I rate 9.5/10
,Recommended,466560,33482771,Posted: 12 July,all,unknown14725,"Fun little RTS game, with a very casual play style. Perhaps too casual, making it more of a mobile/tablet type game, to be honest. Lovely graphics, with lots of details. Some of the audio can be a little monotone, and I hope they expand the palette of ingame sounds soon, as some of them become very tiresome in the lentgh (i.e. when selecting a character). Not too many different character types, and not too many different buildings. But still enough content to enjoy. Map generation seems to be random, and each new game provides a completely different setting. Make sure you get it when on sale, as I feel full price (140NOK at the moment) is too much."
,Recommended,466560,33780076,Posted: 24 July,all,LEDmushroom,i love this game after figuring out how to play it was a non boring expecrice.
76561198182256842,Recommended,466560,30119221,Posted: 23 February,all,✪ EnFy,"Great game, and it looks amazing.It has lots of potential, but you it needs a lot more content. I felt like i have done it all, after just 5 hours of playing the game, (i know multiplayer hasn't been added yet, nor has the campaign).Content i would like to see be added into the game: More buildings and warriors. Transport ships for your warriors to actually raid the enemy, like true vikings did in the past."
76561198046723056,Recommended,466560,30124541,Posted: 23 February,all,Field Marshal Beans,"Very fun game with lots of potential!! Would love some more tracking of the other AI's progress, as I lost my first game because I thought I earned more wisdom points then the other player"
76561197969806537,Recommended,466560,30124934,Posted: 23 February,all,Bahrayn,Very impressed by Shiro Games! Enjoyable :)
,Recommended,466560,30128088,Posted: 23 February,all,Jopte,"Even at the alpha level, the game is a very enjoyable strategy game. If you enjoy games like The Setters, or other 'village builder' type games, you will likely enjoy this. If you also like Norse mythology, you will have a very enjoyable time. :)"
,Recommended,466560,30132293,Posted: 23 February,all,Sessional,"An RTS where you are fighting more with yourself then the opposition. Your choices early on directly impact your ability to continue holding your own later on.As far as I can tell, the computer is incompetent. 3 games in on normal and I have yet to see the computers actually put up a fight. They run out of resources and have no ability to continue expanding.The game seems awfully short for the pacing. My games just over an hour a piece. I feel like I haven't even gotten started when I complete the game.It fills the gap of an RTS city builder quite nicely, but I feel like it could use more city builder in it. Overall, if you are looking for an RTS that doesn't depend purely on ""Actions Per Minute"", this is a very good RTS. Nicely enough, it's not a game where you really do everything, but focus strongly on how you want to win."
,Recommended,466560,30132540,Posted: 23 February,all,Gossett,"This game gives a mixed feeling of Civilization and Age of Empires, with similar needs such as food and happiness, and claiming land. It gives an AoE feel with the ability to produce units and conquer other enemies, It's definantly worth a try. Needs an autosave feature, after nearly two hours my game crashed :'("
,Recommended,466560,30226457,Posted: 27 February,all,PoePea,"Thought I would leave a review as I have suffered not one problem with this game. From the outside it run at max settings perfect with almost instant loading times.Imagne a slightly simplafied Civ meets age of empires. The graphics are nice, the detail is great and the content could be something special.Right now you only get single player mode...or other wise known as ""Skirmish"" but its more than enough to get your teeth into and im nearlly 5 hours in since launch 3 days ago.It has multiplayer to come and and campaign mode which will add a ton of features....to top it all off its not very often you find alpha games this cheap any more.If you love RTS and or Vikings then this game is for you...Of course I named my players Ragnar and Floki!"
76561198081433007,Recommended,466560,30227122,Posted: 27 February,all,covertgrain43,"Good game alround, can't wait for the full release, it reminds me of battle realms. yes i'd recommend this game."
,Recommended,466560,30229130,Posted: 27 February,all,tdk5001,"A very interesting mixture between settlers series and boardgame type of rules. I love the graphics, hope to see more content (more types of buildings, more millitary units) anytime soon."
,Recommended,466560,30244013,Posted: 28 February,all,Marshu,8/10 now probably 10/10 with multiplayer
76561198092264763,Recommended,466560,30248459,Posted: 28 February,all,Silverfisken,Like this game but hopes they and more warrior types when the games releses .
,Recommended,466560,30266370,Posted: 1 March,all,Pardaillan,"Good graphics, nice gameplay and the age of vikings. Northgard is a strategy game that you manage a viking clan and achieve a number of victories against other opponents. I'd recommend this game for strategy lovers.While it's currencly in early access, i haven't face any bugs or difficulties in game play."
76561198031697197,Recommended,466560,30289328,Posted: 2 March,all,Tacheron,"It's a very satisfying game for lovers of the building/expansionism genre. I can see the multiplayer being lots of fun. In it's current state you will go through the content pretty quickly, even with trying out all clan types. If you go for the achievements, you'll have to do a couple of playthroughs to get them all, which can be fun with the randomly generated map layout. I'm looking forward to the campaign mode to see what it can bring, but even as it is now, the game is good, although a bit overpriced atm - when the campaign and multiplayer mode get added, the price will be justified."
76561198003729991,Recommended,466560,30297422,Posted: 3 March,all,benfischer66,"Way playable.  Pretty polished aesthetically, already.  Surprisingly challenging on easy.-Ben"
76561198209083469,Recommended,466560,30322819,Posted: 4 March,all,NatSwe91,"For an early access game, this is really fun. Reminds me of Banished and Life is feudal. Both are games I really love. I recommend it but check some videos online first before buying so you know how the gameplay is like."
,Recommended,466560,30324022,Posted: 4 March,all,Krovikan,"Amazing game so far! Can't wait to see it developed more, glad I watched GenerikB's lets play on this game."
76561198009773591,Recommended,466560,30325067,Posted: 4 March,all,F O R S E N B O Y S,"Viking themed RTS. Its unique in the sense that its more about territory management than most RTS's. So you can only build so much in one before you have to move on to another (you have to use food to ""colonize"" other territories and scouts to see it) while balancing food, wood, happiness, etc. Basically during the warm months, you just have to prepare for winter (food gathering slows and you consume more wood) and hope you don't die during it while working towards a win condition. If you just want to build a bunch of warriors and attack stuff, this isn't the game for you. You have to slowly build towards that goal by, as I said, balancing your economy and territory.I purchased early access when it first came out. Please read more recent updates and the dev log to see if some comments are still applicable. Also please note, only single player was available at the time of this review.PROS:- Really sweet art. You really get the feel of building a viking village. Everything from the buildings, the people, the terrain, really well done.- The animations are unique to the job you give the villager. Kind of reminds of warcraft. After you tell a villager to do something, they give you the voice line and then march off to do it type thing. ""Something need doing?""- Its easy to learn. Fairly straightforward from the gameplay to the tech.- When it first came out, it was ridiculously buggy and I read about alot of failed launches and crashes. However, they've done an admirable job patching and updating. Really sets a good tone for the rest of the early access.- It can be really engrossing. Even though the game seems passive, the inclusion of winter slows down your growth so you can't really ""rush"" down your opponent. A game can take as long as an hour to win in the worst conditions. At some points, it may feel like you're just sitting there doing nothing but you have to carefully monitor your situation as random world events will occur which you need to be on top of. IE: One time, I thought I could just get a drink of water and missed a ""blizzard incoming prompt"" (its like a more brutal winter). I failed to stock enough wood and half my population got sick and died. Cost me about 10-15 mins of in game time to catch up.- Different clans. Each clan has their own unique shtick. Wolf is better at conquering, goat at resources, etc. They plan to come out with more as well which could make for some interesting gameplay.CONS:- Of course, there are bugs. And you can read the forums on what they are, but as I mentioned, the first week they patched the game almost daily so I don't think this will become an issue.- Low replayability SO FAR. It can also be called, awful AI. I've played 12 hours, and I've already beaten the game a multiple of different ways on the hardest AI and all possible combination of AI opponents. As I said, only single plyr is available and I'm sure multiplayer will be alot better. But I'm not sure how much better. My recommendation would be to wait until this feature is included as I've already gotten tired of thrashing the ""hard"" AI.- Balance is a bit off. As I mentioned in the beginning, its all about territory management. So some territories are naturally better than others. Most imporant are the territories directly adjacent to your starting terrtiroy as you can't colonize territory that isnt bordering your own. For instance, some let you build 2 buildings and some 3. Some give increased food or wood production and some do nothing like a swamp. Some terrain is more advantageous to start in. Like some starts because of cliffs, give you one choke and other 3 to guard. And the speed of success in this game can largely depend on your proximity to these territories and especially resources. Stone for instance is super important to upgrade buildings in this game and iron can be the difference in winning and losing as it lets you upgrade your villagers/warriors. Of course everyone starts off by a starting amount but it gets mined out very quickly. The ""big patches"" of resources isnt exactly in the middle of everyone. Sometimes it can quite close to you and sometimes quite far.- World isn't customizable. I have not read that they plan to address this but I imagine they will. Its basically a randomly generated world. You have no say as to what win conditions, size of the world, resource level, etc. Your only options so far are: # of AI opponents, difficulty, name, color, clan.CONCLUSION:If there was a ""Maybe"" button for recommending this game. I would choose that. I have no huge complaints about it as for the 12 hours I played, it was fun so I clicked ""YES"". As I said, I would wait a bit to purchase it though. Maybe until multiplayer gets released. I was very excited to purchase the game but have already gotten tired of it in a way. I may play it a bit more to get my RTS fix in but will do so knowing there's no way I could ever lose to the AI. At $20 though, its not an awful purchase. Just keep in mind what my critques are, and if you can live with them go ahead and buy it."
76561198005655932,Recommended,466560,30124743,Posted: 23 February,all,Generalian,Excellent game! Lots of fun and I like how automatic it is. Worth the buy and cannot wait for more.
76561198078879849,Recommended,466560,30125220,Posted: 23 February,all,edward,"First Impression: Pretty good game and gameplay overall, only negative thing I can say is that you get easily stuck in an vicious circle with krøwns, Like if you loose your trading hut to another clan and they kill your warriors you can't make more warriors unless you're stacked up on krøwns wich is unlikley in early gameplay. Your clan dies and there's nothing you can do about it. I absolutely hate the sense of helplessness you get in some senses like this. But this is of course first impression. Hope that it doesent fall out like this every time. Mechanics and functionality is 10/10."
,Recommended,466560,30125493,Posted: 23 February,all,Likkrit,"This game has pleased me, but at the moment it is not worth the money because of the shortcomings.1) It's short. Really, after 2 hours nothing to do. All versions of win tried and also of the faction. In the end I killed the giants.2)the Combat system looks terrible and this must have something to do.3)Too unbalanced win condition. For example, if you find iron deposits and build a forge you can win in 7 minutes. If no luck with this it is possible to quickly win with wisdom. Besides they are too easy.But the game is pleased with their concept and I'll wait for further global updates."
76561198005613461,Recommended,466560,30125959,Posted: 23 February,all,The Dandyist Man,"Honestly, I had no real idea what to expect from this game. I kinda expected it to be a bit like Banished, mixed with a Civ game. But it's all real time, and I quite adore it. I really can't explain it too well, because I'm not super used to games like this, But It's quite fantastic, and for an early access game, quite well polished too. Can't wait to see what the Campaign is like. So far, still enjoying the hel out of this game. It's a little lite on the strats at times, but over all it really is a fun little game. Really love the additional combat units."
76561198056225633,Recommended,466560,30128229,Posted: 23 February,all,ohz,"Mh...It's basically a board game. You gather ressources and extend tiles of territory.- Multiple victory goals to win the game is cool.- Graphics are very nice...Management are tidious, and I don't notice when half of my population died of starvation or sickness. Like Banished, if you don't change the jobs, it then becomes a spiral to death. Watch out !I think this game can shine in multiplayer, when it will release it.A bit expensive for an alpha, but I thing this game is solid for his kind. I recommend.:)"
76561197970344153,Recommended,466560,30130205,Posted: 23 February,all,Stygian6,"Elegant and fun in early access, but very light on content. Looking forward to more content."
76561198006514123,Recommended,466560,30209559,Posted: 26 February,all,Rogal_Dorn,"Super fun, very addictive."
76561197992781687,Recommended,466560,30228713,Posted: 27 February,all,Loric(Jeff's Bro),Seems pretty solid so far
,Recommended,466560,30243856,Posted: 28 February,all,Flying Narwhal,"As an early access game, it has a lot of quirks and imbalances, but I see great potential in it.Worth noting that the gameplay requires you to be extremely aggressive and expansionist as building density and hapiness make it very hard to just sit in place.  Which once you adjust makes for faster paced game.Can't wait to see the finished product."
,Recommended,466560,30253185,Posted: 28 February,all,Guy,"This game is fun, and its not even a complete game. Cant wait for multiplayer and campain. Just sayin..."
76561198046159732,Recommended,466560,30266787,Posted: 1 March,all,Dildo Faggins,"For a beta, best game played so far! gets pretty easy after couple hours but this game got potential!"
76561198145524477,Recommended,466560,30267131,Posted: 1 March,all,Asmodeus,"Very nice so far, keep it up Devs!"
76561198045389574,Recommended,466560,30288010,Posted: 2 March,all,Cheddar,"I've played a few games similar to this one....It takes about 15 mins to get aquainted with the ins and outs of the gameAfter that, it feels like a more simple version of Age Of Mythology mixed with Civilization.I've played for a few hours and completed an entire game on normal having won with fame, and i have to say in it's current state its a good game.A simple RTS.I'm looking forward to added content, such as a few more warrior or other ""battle"" units, and added complexity."
,Recommended,466560,30288304,Posted: 2 March,all,Vz LovE,LOVED IT
,Recommended,466560,30292636,Posted: 3 March,all,Assault Maniac,One of the best RTS styled games ive ever played... very simple concept that they have really nailed here. The art in this game is absolutly beautiful!
76561198062496406,Recommended,466560,30296512,Posted: 3 March,all,jdbela,"Found this Steam via Explore Queue and was intrigued by the Settlers feel the trailers showcased. Two hours into the game I am very happy to report back that my first expression is quite positive.You need the scout sectors next to yours and purge them from enemies to claim them your own. Sometimes they carry specific resources or buffs to production. To use/access those you need to build buildings accordingly.It is not an easy game: AI will try to conquer your sectors, winter will slash your stockpile of food and wood and natural disasters will occur on regular bases. There are quite some victory condition to achieve, so gameplay can vary depending on game settings.All in all it has fleshed our core game mechanics and I am looking forward to be able to play with my friends when multiplayer has been introduced.The game crashed on me once in two hours and I hope it will not be as frequent, but then again it is Early Access."
76561197996274606,Recommended,466560,30328957,Posted: 4 March,all,|Mrk|`crevans,"Great concept, decent gameplay.  Waiting on additional features which would make this game thoroughly playable."
,Recommended,466560,30342492,Posted: 5 March,all,Nthree,"This game is unique and inserting, the game is too new to tell if it will hold up to the test of time but it has Meany good aspects. I was planning to get a refund but decided against it because of the possibility of greatness in it I am looking foreword to its future"
,Recommended,466560,30342692,Posted: 5 March,all,SoullessDoggo,"HOW DO THEY CHARGE THIS MUCH FOR THIS GAME? IT'S GREAT! I fully recomend you buy this if you like RTS and i've only played this like 3 times buit I think its great! really, buy this if you think you're like me cause in my opinion IT'S AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,466560,30350047,Posted: 5 March,all,[SVFT] Majored Laxness,"Great little game.I think this really encapsulates the ""early game"" feel of things like Civilisation. By the time each game gets boring, someone normally wins it. The thrill and ""new beginning"" feel of each game is great."
,Recommended,466560,30113986,Posted: 22 February,all,sol7z,"Played one game so far. Took the helheim portal but managed to win through fame a few months before it counted. Can't wait for more content. AI is pretty casual considering I went in with no knowledge and steamrolled everything. Gameplay very satisfying. Great concept. Mechanically and technicall works well, I encountered no bugs. GG give moar plox"
76561198062577056,Recommended,466560,30229278,Posted: 27 February,all,Cassius Clay™,"Granted, there's not a whole lot of content in this right now but it is early access and I've already had alot of fun with what is already in the game. I can't wait to what's in the future for this."
76561198043394742,Recommended,466560,30284321,Posted: 2 March,all,Pessimistic Panda,"Awesome! - 8/10.Loved the game, not personally played anything like this before, really unique. Am looking very forward to seeing the 2 new clans and other updates for this as its pretty minimal at the mo. Map is all ways different though so never the same game twice which is great! Will play this for hours."
,Recommended,466560,30288444,Posted: 2 March,all,hellstorm102,"Very good. Addicting. Like viking warcraft mixed with civ and aoe.-multiple win senarios-automation for the tedious peon-work-Tile based, but with rts building.-amazing soundtrack-seasons and blizzards-works with 5760x1080 (tripple monitor)"
,Recommended,466560,30291769,Posted: 3 March,all,The D'Eagle,"This game, for me, feels like Age Of Empires with Torchlight 2's art style. It's also a plus because I love Vikings and being able to create a settlement and expand across territories with them is awesome. The Lore system is also a nice little bonus, and the harshness of winter really does hit you hard and make you have to think about how you're going to expand and build your settlement. Took me about four playthroughs to feel comfortable with my settlement. I would absolutely recommend this game if you're a norse lover and a strategy lover to boot."
,Recommended,466560,30294619,Posted: 3 March,all,Blackstar44,This game isn't even finished yet and I already like it!
76561197986805578,Recommended,466560,30332980,Posted: 5 March,all,popers4,Do you remember Settlers? ....well Northard it's updated  Settlers.
76561197997040114,Recommended,466560,30360986,Posted: 6 March,all,Wulfren,"I stumbled upon this new game, and it is a very well made, stumble-upon-worthy game!A well quilted RTS with, if you like these kinds of games, all your sought after mechanics welded together in a smart and pretty atmosphere.Odin himself would be pleased!Seeing as this is still in alpha, only the single player game is available, but from what I can see here, this will be a worthy contender to the bigger RTS's games in times come.8/10!"
,Recommended,466560,30115885,Posted: 23 February,all,Spartacus,I was sitting here eating sliced bread when I realized that this game was so much better than it.
,Recommended,466560,32101378,Posted: 31 May,all,The Black Musketeer,"Brought this game a few months back still havent been able to get in game, already tryed 5 different fixes but still no change and so i have no real opinion on gameplay so far only the desktop item but hey its pretty decent aint it 'huh' 'huh' good luck with your decision with buying the game or not but just remember this ""Only those whom reveil in defeat really lose""cherry'O' you fine chaps"
76561197988139423,Recommended,466560,33993500,Posted: 3 August,all,Goldwipf,good
76561198107014204,Recommended,466560,30675430,Posted: 22 March,all,jaypav,"One of the best early access titles I've seen so far. Beautiful art style, smooth gameplay, very fun. After 4 or 5 games it starts to get a bit repetitive, but it has a ton of potential to be a great game. Already has a  number of small events that only happen sometimes to make each playthrough a bit different. Can't wait for multiplayer to come out, this game is going to be amazing with friends"
76561198028451108,Recommended,466560,30678511,Posted: 22 March,all,Captain Placeholder,"Northgard. What an amazing game, Northgard is an RTS that lands somewhere between civilization and age of empires, and boy does it land there wonderfully. The gameplay it self is a very nice balance between some multitasking and city management. The game itself revolves around colonizing pre arranged territories which cost a specific amound of food in order to take them, you also can't colonize a territory in which there are other units beside ours (or none at all you don't have to send units over unless there is something to kill). As of right now the army choices are very few, namely you can have warriors a warlord and you can bring a few more like the berserker and a giant by completing certain tasks. Also each territory has a certain number of buildings so you must choose what to build where and how to balance your resource management and your peoples happiness population and lore (research in other words).Over all the game has a very nice balance there are a lot of enemies and feats to achieve which all give you different rewards helping you win in anyway you prefer, for example you can kill the wyvern to earn fame to achieve the fame victory etc. I also really like the aesthetic of the game the grafics are nice and smooth, the art style is really nice a little cartoony not too realistic but still works perfecttly fine with the game. Over all the game is really nice and has a huge room for improvements and the potential of becoming an amazingly great game"
,Recommended,466560,30405987,Posted: 9 March,all,LIAMODEARME,This is by far one of my favorite games. I have played it on hard mode and didn't stop until I figured out how to beat it. Can't wait for the updated content.
76561198039567261,Recommended,466560,31681618,Posted: 11 May,all,jjdmadison,needs to be fleeshed out but its fun.i wish it had better ship control.
,Recommended,466560,31692537,Posted: 11 May,all,Prof. Fuseigo,"Wonderful, soothing, creative!I love the art.I love the sound.I love the game play.I love the theme.And I love the scout mechanic.Well worth the money (did not buy it on any sale)"
76561197974026700,Recommended,466560,31066005,Posted: 10 April,all,Yusho,nice game with well balanced mechanics
76561198355137518,Recommended,466560,31683369,Posted: 11 May,all,M__8,"very funy game, but i hope the game-owners do more uptates to all hause.  this game is a new veryeskon of age of empires"
76561198312137672,Recommended,466560,30407045,Posted: 9 March,all,christopherrattray,"Great game, blizzards in winter a bit OP but in general extremely looking forward to the rest of the game."
,Recommended,466560,33749553,Posted: 23 July,all,#Dunbar2016,"Really well executed, at the moment. Will be keeping an eye out for when the dev finishes the campaign mode. Keep up the good work."
76561197983378517,Recommended,466560,32165692,Posted: 3 June,all,Braindancer777,"This game reminds me of Age of Empires and Anno.  It's very well done and graphics look great.  I've only been playing it for a day or two,  but having alot of fun.  Looking forward to see what the devs do next.  This is a very promising game."
76561198057883605,Recommended,466560,35265083,Posted: 28 September,all,drweb86,The game has potential to overcome Civilization 4.
76561197964362807,Not Recommended,466560,30113708,Posted: 22 February,all,a wayward priest,"Interesting game, however a little shallow even for $20.00; early release has literally just about 2 to 3 hours worth of content to learn and master if you have ever played an RTS game in your life."
,Not Recommended,466560,30242246,Posted: 28 February,all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"Won on hard on my first game. Was hoping to get some sort of ach but sadly no luck.No one even attacked me (perhaps multi will be more fun when it releases with early raids and harrassment from other players)Had 1 woodcutter hut and 1 hunter hut.Got stone and iron early and upgraded everything.Also was playing Stag Clan and took most of the economic bonuses.Got a raiding party for a minute or two to unlock jarl.Won by purchasing the world tree for 2k food in 805 AD (made 5 warriors to clear the mobs then converted back to farmers - if I was going to try again I would save the 2k food THEN clear the mobs).Feel free to ask for tips or w/e.Would be nice if you could disable alternate victories and just play on domination..Or choose which victory types are active etc.Most of the victory types are gained rather quickly it seems.It's a fun little game but not much staying power.The levels are very small and you're very limited with strategy.I do like the fact that resources are collected on a timer and the men running around are just for show.Means that placement and micro are considerably easier.You can focus on microing attackers and defenders (the AI always attacks the first unit it sees even if that unit has the highest HP and it's easy to cycle them out when their HP gets low - but due to the slow healing and fast recruiting in the early game you may actually be better off letting them die - I didn't really test this).Overall, it was fun for my one and only game but I have no desire to keep playing as options and strategy are so limited."
,Not Recommended,466560,30195915,Posted: 26 February,all,Oba,"This game is extremely enjoyable, its gameplay feels fresh and while the graphics are not the best for 2017, the style they chose works very well for the type of game.But I can not recommend this game with its current price. What's there is great, but not very replayable.You might want to play several games to experience each of the clans and try to get every different victory, though personally I did not find these to affect how the game actually played at all.Obviously this is in early access. I will play the game as it updates and probably write a review when its closer to a full release. If the devs add everything they want, maybe even more, I can see this game being well worth its price and I'm particularly looking forward to the addition of multiplayer!Aside from that, there were a few minor things that I thought could be better, such as not being able to use the Shift key to select multiple units one by one, and how the villagers dont seem eager to build anything unless you give the order manually. (Perhaps making it that having a villager selected when you place a building automatically assigns him to constructing it)"
76561197990720202,Not Recommended,466560,34071558,Posted: 6 August,all,TiberiusGracchus Gladiator,"Incredibely limiting and casual, don't expect a hardcore RTS like Starcraft/AoE/Warcraft, this game is more like Setlers.The game makes villagers for you, you are only allowed to build a couple of builings and just one watchtower per portion of land, you can make very few soldiers, you can't speed up your production by making more town centers, etc. All of this decreases the skill gap and makes the gameplay casual. You have little freedom as a player because you are constantly curtailed by restrictions that slow down your progress. For example: Why the hell can't I build more than 2 houses per region when I have tonnes of resources? Why can I only put a handfull of villagers on woodcutting? These restrictions have been implemented to balance the game and make it more casual, but it will annoy the hardcore RTS player. Most gamers are casual gamers and that's why the majority of the reviews are positive (and also because of the cute music and nice art style).There are also weird design flaws:- if you have used your wood and have no woodcutting shed (because it was destroyed or you didn't make one) you can't simply send your villagers to cut wood. You actually have to tear down multiple of your buildings to get the required materials.- if you want a villagers that has just mined stone to build a new structure in a new region YOU HAVE TO SEND HIM ALL THE WAY BACK TO THE TOWN CENTRE JUST SO CAN DROP HIS PICKAXE SO THAT HE CAN BUILD! This is also a problem if you, for example, want to villagers with axes to, for example, gather berries.So, if you like a casual, non-competitive game that protects the noobs from good players by restricting the good players in their progression then you should buy this game. This is not a hardcore RTS."
,Not Recommended,466560,30518209,Posted: 14 March,all,Swahili Monster,"Ive only played about 2 hours of this game, most of which was playing a single game.  At the end, I felt like I had experienced 90% of what the game had to offer.  Kind of disappointing.That said, the game is very polished and plays well.  It has some potential to be a very popular casual  RTS.  At this time I think $20 is too much.  No multiplayer, no campaign, etc.  Wait a bit for content before you buy!"
,Not Recommended,466560,30536024,Posted: 15 March,all,Scion,It's a cute game... enjoyed my short playthrough. I did find it repetitive after about an hour. Wish there was more variety between the factions you can choose from. I returned the game for the refund.
76561198121189061,Not Recommended,466560,35253654,Posted: 27 September,all,Lonely BirdMan,"This game gets stale extremely soon, there is currently just not enough base material to engage you for more than 10 hours. The game is exetremly lacking in depth. Maybe they'll fix this when they release the full game but until then I would not recommend anyone to pay 20$ for this game."
,Not Recommended,466560,32926053,Posted: 28 June,all,Aethyn,"At the price this game has, I don't think it's worth buying, even with the sale.The game offers very little strategy with only 2 buildings to build on every tile except for the tile you start with (every tile can have 3 buildings when upgraded). An argument could very well be made that this would actually offer more strategy but it doesn't feel like it. It feels more limiting than fun.All buildings can be upgraded only once and if you can't get tiles to build food producing buildings on, you will be behind everyone else and from what I have seen, there is no real way to catch up besides hope that something happens to your enemies.Overall, all mechanics the game has feel very shallow.This is probably a good thing, considering how short the matches are, but I expected a bit more depth.Pick this game up with a bigger discount or if you want a very lightweight strategy game for short matches."
76561198015612381,Not Recommended,466560,30209178,Posted: 26 February,all,CHILDISHFATBINO,"The game is great in its early form but i just cant reccoment it at the momment. It has too little to do and is beaten easily, I spawned right next to the helhiem gate and took advantage of it by immediatly conquering it. This  gained me a win in only about an hour. the select mechanism is finnicky at best and needs work, there is too few building to make and population is constantly a problem. The longboats need work as well, all they do is go out and comeback, no warriors needed. I suggest that you include a feature that, when you start a raid, asks you how many warriors you wish to include in the raid and every warrior increases your chance of more and better loot.An amazing game but it isnt worth the 20 bucks in its present form."
,Not Recommended,466560,30498220,Posted: 13 March,all,ShroomyTheStoner,"Great idea and looks like Warcraft III.  Still needs a lot more TLC.  You will probably get a few hours of fun out of it in its current state.Currently, with no campaign and victory conditions so easily attained that I simply watch netflix while I wait for my culture points (or whatever this game calls them) to climb to max.  not worth the money.  I could easily see it improving though."
76561197971344004,Not Recommended,466560,33104044,Posted: 1 July,all,[CPC]Franzoar,"Promising, but still buggy (on Windows 10, two crashes in a pair of hours), and hard to master. Can't recommend it yet."
,Recommended,466560,34395189,Posted: 21 August,all,Oh Jeez It's Jimms,reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
76561198383384236,Not Recommended,466560,33610773,Posted: 17 July,all,opheliaalexiou,"The current version of the game is crashing on my computer every time I attempt to play. I start a new game, and it begins to load, and crashes in the loading screen before ever launching a new game."
76561197980173977,Recommended,466560,30106192,Posted: 22 February,all,Frencis,"love it, make it more complexe and stable... game crahed 2 times in 1 hour"
,Not Recommended,466560,33713750,Posted: 21 July,all,What's all the cum ocean?,"I could write an extended review on this game, but it simply isn't that deep enough to write one.  It is a novel concept, but just lacks replayability beyond a couple hours."
,Recommended,466560,30197924,Posted: 26 February,all,Tullerusk2,Its good
76561197984025005,Recommended,466560,33154362,Posted: 2 July,all,Jammin,"Vikings, strategy and monsters = fun"
76561198135032973,Recommended,466560,32189834,Posted: 4 June,all,JapNoodle,is pretty gud
76561198048619953,Not Recommended,466560,30321211,Posted: 4 March,all,Demonic_imp,"Straight to the point,  Its basicaly a remake of the original World of Warcraft reign of chaos. Except Nordic mythology instead. (and early acess so its super basic.) I don't think the game can get much better from its current state and i unfortunatly also feel the price is to high for this early access. While the idea of nordic RTS sounds fun, This one is boring."
,Recommended,466560,30565651,Posted: 17 March,all,discombobulated1,not alot to this game as it is but its really fun this is my first rts in this genre infact i'm not %100 sure what genre it is. with the incomming MP things will only get better and should provivde some interesting gameplay. 9/10 because it's somthing different
76561198081738783,Not Recommended,466560,32957201,Posted: 28 June,all,AfterTaste,"No tutorial, no campaign... every game you get ganged on, no alliance regardless if you vs 2 or 5 enemies"
,Recommended,466560,30120949,Posted: 23 February,all,Twitch.tv/TadSoft,"Very solid Alpha! They have really set the groundwork for an amazing strategy game, if you are on the fence about trying it, I highly recommend you do! Support indie devs!I would ask for there to be a unit grouping system with hotgroups to be able to control multple groups of units and keep them separate instead of having to use a warchief or berserker to do so!Hope this game gets better and better by the day 10/10!!"
,Recommended,466560,30176372,Posted: 25 February,all,Robhold,"The game has potential. They have a fresh RTS concept in hands, that reminds you of the best of the old school Settlers. I wish they could give it a little bit more of the depth of Settlers. First hour is very enjoyable, then it gets repetitive. Even if they can't add more buildings or things to do, they could be more creative with the context. It's always the same wolves, the same undead, the same resources. Add more variation and we'll forget we're playing with the same bunch of 10 buildings every match. But still, it's entertaining."
76561198220335341,Recommended,466560,30333559,Posted: 5 March,all,morfin,its good but why cant you ♥♥♥♥ hoes
,Recommended,466560,30132093,Posted: 23 February,all,ArachnidiaC,"Finally, a much needed Viking themed, Settler/Anno like, Strategy/Exploration game.Being a huge fan of The Settlers and Anno series I can honestly say this game seems promising.BUT Nothing is ever so perfect and this game came close.Pros:+ VIKINGS+ The Settlers feel+ Graphics+ Sound+ User Interface+ Smooth gameplay+ Combat mechanics+ Claiming territories and the fact that some territories have a larger advantage to your clan than others.+ Skill tree+ Upgrading buildings+ Expanding through exploration+ Gathering materials that are hard to come by through exploration+ The fact that you always have to focus on the amount of your resources and tokeep you clan happy while focus on making them happierCons:- Needs more defence mechanism such as walls instead of having to have troopsor towers which costs a build option in a particular territory.- Different types of troops such asarchers(range type, medium health medium damage)shield (defence type, focusing more on defence, high health low damage)dual axe or dual sword weilding type (high damage, low health)- Need bigger maps, you discover the enemies territories too quick and they just start attacking withoutyou having the time to properly settle.- Also, where are the ladies at?- I still feel like theres something missing but at this point I cant quite put my finger on it.But after you finish the game on hard difficulty with 2 enemy AI it leaves you with wanting more.- The game did crash twice when the season changed to winter but I am not too bothered by is as I am surewith later patches and updates this will be fixed.(will keep this review updated as the game gets updated)"
,Recommended,466560,33208427,Posted: 3 July,all,Fidel Castro,Good af
76561198076198282,Recommended,466560,33263851,Posted: 5 July,all,yafeshan,Eski tip rts oynamak isteyenlere cok harika bir secenek. Survival RTS gibi acayip birseyi piyasada gormek heyecan verici
76561198171217605,Recommended,466560,32853667,Posted: 27 June,all,waleedkashmiry-123,hi
,Recommended,466560,30257007,Posted: 1 March,all,dm,#Discussions_QuoteBlock_Authork
,Recommended,466560,33134663,Posted: 2 July,all,Moet,Best of strategy games for a while !
,Recommended,466560,33052363,Posted: 30 June,all,Krimzon Guard,Really casual fun
,Recommended,466560,30739105,Posted: 25 March,all,Brandon1375,It's not that built up yet... BUT it has a ton of potential and looks amazing so far
76561198098786850,Recommended,466560,30972670,Posted: 5 April,all,Sexy,Best RTS I've ever played.
76561198085165115,Recommended,466560,30739249,Posted: 25 March,all,AbounA,first time i postso long since i have played a simple and fun  game like this worth itlets hope the finle product will shine even moregr8 job
76561198010717292,Not Recommended,466560,33637332,Posted: 18 July,all,Kra6uk,Unless they fix multiplayer host bug (when game host has a big advantage in battles due to no lags gameplay) most of the multiplayer games is totally unplayable.
,Recommended,466560,32203506,Posted: 5 June,all,Priji♕,Its fun0
,Recommended,466560,32735315,Posted: 24 June,all,Sirzechs,"A really interesting game, with a quick grip"
76561198024944287,Not Recommended,466560,30474126,Posted: 12 March,all,spurdoismi,"Looks very promising, but currently offers very little gameplay value and content. I hope the game will progress though because it feels awesome. I wouldn't recommend it now, needs more work."
76561198214111703,Recommended,466560,30423487,Posted: 10 March,all,Philip,"great games, challenging and interesting"
76561198022437593,Not Recommended,466560,32401774,Posted: 13 June,all,PillFreak,Coming from someone who instantly compares this game to other strategy games like Hearts of Iron 4 and Civ 5 I can not reccomend
76561198130184688,Not Recommended,466560,33939947,Posted: 31 July,all,ryder1221,"Maybe it’s me but having played RTS games for so many years, I kind of expected this game to be better. It’s a lot like Age of Empires, only with upgraded graphics and lame. The game is a mixture of interesting ideas and bad execution. It’s also rule heavy and that’s not necessarily a good thing. People die for no apparent reason, others seem to get locked in a sort of Bronze Age career path and others disappear without a trace. Maybe the developers will fix it but I won’t be there to see it. Moving on – minus twenty bucks. Thanks fellow reviewers."
,Not Recommended,466560,30139575,Posted: 24 February,all,Haeloth,"Erken erişimde olduğunun farkındayım ama fazla yavaş tempolu bir oyun olmuş ve de bunun çok fazla değişeceğini düşünmüyorum. Age of serisinden alışmışım 5 dkda ordu basıp milletin üstüne yürümeye (en azından mythology'de, age 3 için aynı şeyi söyleyemem :D) bu oyunda ise 10-15 dk'da 5-6 asker falan anca basabildim. Ama güzel tarafları yok değil mesela mevsim geçişleri işte kışın yiyecek azalıyor sonra depremler falan bunlar güzel artılar olmuş. Ama yine de kendi açımdan konuşmak gerekirse biraz tablet oyunu gibi falan duruyor arayüzü olsun grafikleri olsun (buradan sana selam olsun  TS4) onu da pek sevdiğim söylenemez. Güzel oyun aslında ama işte Age of'a alışmış biri olarak biraz garip geldi. AoM'daki Norse'lar gibi bi şey falan bekliyordum :)"
76561198104300526,Recommended,466560,30474550,Posted: 12 March,all,MagicYang,i need chinese！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！！please！
,Recommended,466560,33729255,Posted: 22 July,all,[NB] Ma3Crasher,"Northgard is literally my favorite game to play with my dad, it gives us both the type of game we want which is a RTS game. It has so many clans and gamemodes to choose from that we play constantly together. I can't recommend this game enough it's just so good."
76561198133732089,Recommended,466560,32222961,Posted: 6 June,all,Ships,Good and well balanced game im happy.
76561198016253320,Recommended,466560,32224333,Posted: 6 June,all,Dansken,Neat game
76561198002902446,Not Recommended,466560,30810618,Posted: 29 March,all,greg,"Fun for the first couple of hours, then it goes downhill.Not bad for early access but it just feels like a demo. It still lacks a lot of content.I don't want to go into much detail but more options in units (maybe add different types to add a strategic element to it), more building options, diversity in trading and an option to perform the actual raid yourself and expand to new territory would help (just my first thoughts).Maybe it's just me and I expected a lot more from the game.I don't regret buying it cause I want to support the developers but I much preferred playing banished to this. It has way more depth than this plus it costs less...I have already uninstalled it but I will follow the game and if something changes, I will gladly edit my review."
,Recommended,466560,31772630,Posted: 15 May,all,ReaperDog,its gud
76561198008249444,Recommended,466560,32112376,Posted: 1 June,all,Lord Arasul,"This game has a lot of potential, though it has a couple of bugs it is still enjoyable - and I look forward to seeing the next developments"
76561198212240947,Recommended,466560,32113709,Posted: 1 June,all,TgL Gengar,I have had a lot of fun playing this game. Very nice graphics and soundtrack. Animations are great and I like the lanscaping overall great game can't wait to see what content they release.
76561197972459663,Not Recommended,466560,33595426,Posted: 16 July,all,Zadul,The game isn't much fun after you play all 4 clans.   I've played about 30 games and I've never seen the wyvern as it doesn't seem to spawn and I'm tired of restarting the game to get it.   The devs should allow the player to pick the special map they want instead of randomly spawning it because taking the gate and tree gets old and they spawn 98% of the time.
76561198243407816,Recommended,466560,34707794,Posted: 3 September,all,aljm94,"Enjoying this game so far, looking forward to the campaigns and more that are on the way. Only thing is the font it too small, it needs to be slightly bigger"
76561198239260764,Recommended,466560,34693261,Posted: 2 September,all,SINNER_XD,it was fun
,Recommended,466560,34681166,Posted: 2 September,all,Simon,"This game is extremaly fun play with friends, I think would be able to add more content and re-blances for increasae the gameplay"
,Recommended,466560,30256240,Posted: 1 March,all,roobypls,"For an early access game this has to be one of the most enjoyable strategy games I have played in recent memory.A game that goes back to the basics of RTS games, base building and slowly amassing a small group of units rather than 20,000 on screen soldiers that resemble brown and grey smudges.If domination isn't your thing there are several other avenues for victory in any one match. The maps are gorgeous and how the hexagons function as map tiles works fantastically.Can't wait to see what else this game has in store, especially a larger unit roster and multiplayer support."
,Recommended,466560,30256810,Posted: 1 March,all,Gamingspacebunny,10/10 In my opinion. 8/10 because there are still a lot they can improve on this Awesome Piece!
,Recommended,466560,30374420,Posted: 7 March,all,Roxsoda,Your goat warriors can kill huge brutal giants. 11/10 Stags
,Recommended,466560,32213270,Posted: 5 June,all,Awakeland,Love it!!!
76561198104906447,Recommended,466560,33200516,Posted: 3 July,all,Arnold Schwarzenegger,Good game don't ask questions
76561198286803016,Not Recommended,466560,30442966,Posted: 11 March,all,Ented The One,"This game is somewhat fun and very nicely running, but I would not recomend it for most people at least until it does not go outside early access. However it has potential to become great game.ProsSomewhat inovative gameplay: it's like combination of the RTS with turn based strategy 4x.There is some resource managment planning going on. Handling and hoarding surplus is must.Winter gameplay is genious it is pity that many games do not provide more of it.It runs very nicely and I found no bug so far.Damn VikingsConsIt seems very barebones. 3 clone factions so far with minor bonuses. 2 enemies (3 if you count giants). Still no MP or campaign in site. It might be fixed when it  come out ouf EA.It fails to strike balance beetween scale and complexity, micro and macro. Games that tried similar combos gone two paths: Stronghold - used RTS mechanics with city builder game grid and Settlers (some parts better some worse) used very fine grid. This game has neither same depth of the Stronghold interconnected economy with with complex warfare (here you have single unit, not counting warchief where you beat crap, send to field and thats all folks, there is no rts group fighting, just some slot building), neither fine grid of settlers games where you have to manage road network to make it running (Very coarse grid here your economy fils with 4 or 5 hexes only complexity is expansion with food reserves). It seems more like casual game. Also coarseness of map or lack detached from grid system warfare will probably make campaign and multiplayer boring. Maybe wall mechanics and more varied tiles, secondary tertiary military unit might allevate this. But I doubt it.It might be to casual for some people taste."
,Recommended,466560,30107121,Posted: 22 February,all,The Helder Scrolls,Found out about this game today on Twitter. Played a little bit and enjoyed it very much. I'm hoping future content is just as good.
76561198023867538,Recommended,466560,30108673,Posted: 22 February,all,Nimlod,"This game is fun. But not for too long. If that was a review on a full developed game it wouldn't be positive. But it is Early Access and that for nicley polished and suprisingly addictive. The problem really is that you (if you are somewhat experienced with strategy games that are a bit ""The Settlers"" alike) have seen all of it after the first maybe the second game. Each one about 2h. I'm excited to see what they will make out of it, especially out of the campaigne. Also Multiplayer could be fun, preferable with friend I would assume. But could get very boring very fast, depends again on what this game will become.So if you are looking for a more or less slow paced strategy game that does not treat you like you're braindead (it's not that hard though, I won may very first game, which I started on hard), is easy to learn and has a nice ambience - then you should consider whether you want to appreciate what the developers are doing here or if you want to have NOW a gaming experience that last for many, many hours.In the first case you should definitly buy it. In the second one I would not recommend a purchase. But then you should coming back here when the game releases."
,Recommended,466560,30108730,Posted: 22 February,all,Khemi,"I dont remember if I wrote any review before but if I did then there wasnt many. I had to write something for this game. Early days for this game and it is already very good. Without any specific tutorial it is easy to play and future is in bright colours. Would be great to see campaign, random map generator and bigger mapt etc. Recommended for graphics, gameplay, interface and great idea for ""story"" topic."
76561197977678907,Recommended,466560,30109895,Posted: 22 February,all,Munnzie_D,"Ok, so far I love this game. I love the art style, the game mechanics are cool and after a single game lasting over an hour I can't say I am disappointed.Yes it is early access and there are a lot of 'holding pattern' buttons (campain and multiplayer plus a couple of clans) but if you can get past that then you are in for a lot of fun.It is simple to learn, basically you stockpile your resources and try and surive winter as well as a few rogue animals / enemies. Fairly normal RTS fodder really. However the game mechanics mean that sitting on a mine or building a few farms and coasting through winter isnt an option.You can only build a certain number of buildings per section of map so if you need to build more houses / wood cutters etc and your capped out then you are forced to expand your clan. This is done via a 'capture the flag' method of land expansion, with the only real combat occuring between your troops and the enemy villagers (until a couple of warriors manage to get into the fight) or defence towers (no smashing up all the building here). There are enemy heros as well but send in your guys with a hero of your own and the troop numbers tend to be in your favour meaning you can just swarm the enemy.This doesn't mean that you can just run around the map wiping out sections and moving on though. Expansion requires resources, use too many to expand and your villagers will starve come winter. Don't expand fast enough and you will get swamped yourself. Leave the safety of your own land and you can't heal and your little war party will suddenly become a one man army with a whole lot of vengance seeking enemies looking to even the score.All in all I think this game has some serious potential. I would like to see upgrades become more meaningful and some differnent troop types (archers, war machines etc) and I can't wait to see how the campain plays out.Normally I stay away from early access titles but come on people.......VIKINGS!! If you loved settlers or you love strategy games that aren't just 'build towers into your enemy base until you win' then go for it."
,Recommended,466560,30109984,Posted: 22 February,all,Clint Skarwood,"Very nice game with high potential, I really like the art style and the game mechanics"
76561198059613138,Recommended,466560,30240976,Posted: 28 February,all,Dank Stain,"Really good game, worth a buy, currently no compaign or multiplayer but that WILL come.... there is enough content there with the skirmish's.... cant wait to see more from this game"
76561198012358150,Recommended,466560,30242148,Posted: 28 February,all,iliphar,"This games is pretty good and have a lot of potential. It's a age of empire/rise of nation/light civilization games combined together.graphically the game is not demanding and look beautiful and does what's needed. woudl love smoother transitions between each season.Gameplay wise it's really fun to play, not a lot of macro management as other RTS. small gameplay bug and improvement needed here and there but nothing major. teh game is playable as of right now.The game is incomplete as of right now but is on a good track to become a great games, it never crashed on me so far. the team as a well knowned track record.what i would love from this and are probably in the work.- more factions, 3 in this early access, 2 in development. but I would like more than 5 in the end, if possible.- a good campaign with each faction would be great.- need to be bable to tweak the map size, victory condition, and AI factions.- would love a little more difference in the army ( archer, pikemen and cavalry maybe) but the way it is right now, it's cool too.- would love to maybe see water terrotories to be added with naval battle, i want those drakkar.- scenario woudl be cool too.- more technologies in the tech tree."
76561197966931317,Recommended,466560,30313993,Posted: 4 March,all,AT0MIC STAIN,great game
76561198097523329,Recommended,466560,30336641,Posted: 5 March,all,claudiuszidelo,the game is smart and friendly. hope you gonne introduce more warfare units and a briliant campign :) GJ
,Recommended,466560,30113506,Posted: 22 February,all,вражеский танк,"Someone else referred to this as ""Warcraft meets Settlers,"" which seems accurate to me. Alternatively, you might say that Northgard is a somewhere in between Warcraft and Civilization. It doesn't have the complexity of a traditional RTS; in particular, there's really nothing to ""micro."" But along with choosing how to expand your clan's territory, you do control the movement of individual units and the placement of buildings. It's very important to manage these strategically in order to maximize resource production. The game has plenty of environmental hazards that you'll have to contend with in addition to the other players, so it's important to find the right balance and make the best use of the resources you're given, or you'll quickly find your clanspeople freezing to death or being overrun by Draugr.Northgard is quite polished for an early access game. I think there are some balance issues to work out, particularly around where resource tiles spawn relative to player starting tiles, and of course the multiplayer and campaign haven't been implemented yet. But other than that, the game feels substantial enough to keep me playing for hours, and it's not terribly buggy either. (The only real issue I've experienced is buildings annoyingly refusing to be placed even when they show as green.) I do hope they keep adding new features, units and buildings to increase the depth and complexity of the game, but I already really like what I see here.My time for gaming is limited, so I don't often go for early access titles, but this one is well worth it."
,Recommended,466560,30116068,Posted: 23 February,all,Jaeger,"This game has more content in its early access stage than Banished currently does. Not to mention it plays better and includes combat both against other clans and monsters inhabiting Northgard.The only con I can currently think of is that individual games play out too quickly, but considering each one plays out differently its not too bitter a pill to swallow. The game does allow you to play on even after your victory or (more likely) defeat.The art style is also easy on the eyes and doesn't take itself too seriously."
76561197967398254,Recommended,466560,30133282,Posted: 23 February,all,CARRY ME,"Decided to give it a try even though its early access. The game is pretty fun its like a mix civ and warcraft 3, but there isn't much content right now. I think this should be a pretty decent game if they keep up the work on it."
76561198115203439,Recommended,466560,30159695,Posted: 24 February,all,The Hash Slinging Slasher,spent 3 hours building a villageentire village starves to deathre populate my villagereapeatfinally get the hang of the gameget raided by some yellow guys who take over the entire mapenraged100/10
,Recommended,466560,30226059,Posted: 27 February,all,ButlerZero,"As many other reviews suggest, this game is a great mix of other RTS style games.It's lovely to see such a nice game, coming from an Early Acces game.Though, I would like to see the campaign and multiplayer option to be added soon.I've already recommended this game to a few friends, which liked the concept of this game.The only thing why I would NOT recommend it currently, is due to the lack of multiplayer.But since it's Early Access, planned multiplayer (soon hopefully) and only a small week old on Steam, I give this game a recommendation."
,Recommended,466560,30128594,Posted: 23 February,all,[EBRETH] Hakkason,A very comfy strategy game - excellent feel for the source material. Once there is more content this will be an absolutely top game.
,Recommended,466560,30131330,Posted: 23 February,all,Happy Tots,Lot's of potential here.I see I'm not the only one who felt the Settler's vibe.  Nothing wrong with that.  I still install The Settler's III from time to time.  The old-school RTS pool is small and could use a new title.  More power to you!  Don't PA us ;D
,Recommended,466560,30223386,Posted: 27 February,all,HummusHummusHummusHummus,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
76561198051516076,Recommended,466560,30240465,Posted: 28 February,all,olegDC,"I was waiting for this game and really love it.Its basic to understand, easy to play.Very nice graphic design.If you love Settlers and this type of game, you will love Northgard.Looks like developers going to add few more feauters and game will be even more interesting."
,Recommended,466560,30241966,Posted: 28 February,all,The8Rock,Love this game. Been waiting for a good stratergy game for a while. Recommend buying it.
76561198002432311,Recommended,466560,30256636,Posted: 1 March,all,BigDizzl,"This is A+ RTS for the people who aren't that in to Starcraft.This is a creative game, with a charming art style, and a pace that suits people who aren't in to Bronze Tier 2.Pick it up, hopefully it gets a good campaign and online community."
76561198042262985,Recommended,466560,30306378,Posted: 3 March,all,Legacyoftheprophet,I haven't had this much fun since Age of Empires 2.
76561197985459797,Recommended,466560,30320778,Posted: 4 March,all,AnderZ EL,Fun with many intresting mechanics feels very much like Setlers 3 end game is lacking big time tho.
76561198093729079,Recommended,466560,30337764,Posted: 5 March,all,Vallfreyja,"I'm having fun with this game, and you can see the developers actively tying to improve things. If you enjoy settlers and/or banished you'll like this game. I've only had only crash in about 20 hours of gameplay- so pretty good for early access.I'd like a replay map feature. Or better yet, a map seed feature so that we could share challenges like in banished.Game speed control would also be nice. Early game can be boring and I'm on my phone 90% of the time."
,Recommended,466560,33780954,Posted: 24 July,all,K4R3N,"Really great game, but optimisation and graphic settings(Like resolution or graphic quality settings) need to be improved a little bit.Best RTS I have seen in a while."
76561198077940750,Recommended,466560,33782369,Posted: 25 July,all,Flow,"This game is fantastic, I bought it at a good price of £15.99 or at least as far as I remember. It was a cheap price and well worth every penny, I'll point out this game is a work in progress but you definitely see a finished product in sight. That for me is rare with allot of games in alpha's or beta's and it's refreshing to see where the devs want their game to go.This game has a good selection of factions and if you're like me and like to master each one, you have allot of playing time on your hands. You have PVP and PVE, you can team up online with a friend and play AI or play against other players which is quite fun!. Ofcourse there's a solo mode and that is great, especially playing large scale games, working your way up and growing a community.The range of combat units is a little small but as I said the game is a work in progress but it's not like you have allot of different enemies to face so it's not putting you at a disadavantage. The settlement side to it is great, weather changing effecting food production, wood production and soemtimes how your military fight(in snow it can effect them).If your looking for a game that has hours worth putting into, you like stategy(this is a light startegy game right now) not too brain taxing. I reccomend this if you're looking for a fun time, enjoy building up villages and owning the map. It's a game going places and with the support of the community backing the devs I'm sure this will be a great title in the coming months!.Worth a buy!."
,Recommended,466560,30109102,Posted: 22 February,all,SpewKs,"Northgard is like Banished but with a combat system and other factions. MP isn't out yet, which is fine IMO but I am still looking forward for it.PROSArt styleVikingsMusicFun micromanagingUI Is easy to follow and understandCONSOnly 3 clans to choose fromNot many graphical options for resolution ETC.Their should be a way to see how many people are assigned to a specific building without clicking on itAll in all game is fun, I reccomend it8/10"
76561198084406982,Recommended,466560,30119061,Posted: 23 February,all,Awkward,"Hole damn, this game is so good and so prettydefinitely buy this game if its up your street10/10 gameLove it <3"
76561198141657628,Recommended,466560,30122678,Posted: 23 February,all,Magnetron,"Played for an hour and this game is tons of fun! Reminds me of settlers that you have to capture zones by sending units to it etc, you have to watch the weather because a blizzard increase your wood output! Population needs to be attended, oh i messed up in this first hour.. but it's fun!Support the devs if you enjoy strategy games. This is like Banished + Settlers.Sounds and graphics are good and has a nice atmosphere!"
76561198081257767,Recommended,466560,30262378,Posted: 1 March,all,Vyncent,It's good.
76561198062161925,Recommended,466560,30283589,Posted: 2 March,all,Reglerius,Gud Game
,Recommended,466560,30289431,Posted: 2 March,all,Mybook11,Northgard is the love child of Civ and Ages Of Empires and there are a few things to be worked out but its in Beta rn and as any problem comes I see it quickly dealt with.
,Recommended,466560,30298266,Posted: 3 March,all,Darkmatter,"This title definitely qualifies for the ""early access"" moniker.  While the game doesn't have a lot of meat on it's bones at this stage, the good news is that the bones are put together very well.  The base mechanics you'd hope to see in an early access title are there and you can easily throw together a 1v3 game that plays out smoothly.  Updates have been frequent enough that I'm not at all worried about developer abandonment, with patches/updates going out on the 23rd, 24th, 28th, 1st, and 2nd."
,Recommended,466560,30107593,Posted: 22 February,all,Bazgrim,"Extremely addictive.It plays like a real time Civilization game. The systems offer enough depth to be interesting, but are light enough to make this game very easy to learn.Hoping they make larger maps and continue to expand on this game. As an avid WC3 and Civilization player, this game has and promises everything I could ever want out of an RTS."
,Recommended,466560,30112723,Posted: 22 February,all,Hershey Squirts,"Gather food, get axe, take other people's food."
76561198041044366,Recommended,466560,30259308,Posted: 1 March,all,GreekGeek87,"GREAT game - wish the early access had started with the campaign though as there isnt much to do yet except play against an AI a couple times. I feel like the win conditions are too quickly met though, you dont get to actually experience a lot of the content. Might not be worth it *yet* if you're looking for play time - but definitely worth keeping an eye on"
,Recommended,466560,30283951,Posted: 2 March,all,SmEx Smeef,"Brilliant, highly promising game with a league of legends like, charming cartoon art style. This lovingly made indie masterpiece is an instant favourite, standing out from other competition by the hard work gone into the high quality production value of which the developers have inputed. I am hooked and rearing to try out more new content!"
,Recommended,466560,30745081,Posted: 26 March,all,Abracadingus,goodfeels
76561198366860557,Recommended,466560,30107462,Posted: 22 February,all,dukebeason,"Great game, not going to give a highly critical review yet, Ive only played it for 2ish hours, but from that short exposure I can tell you it is a very confortably paced 4x, the artwork is beautiful. The only con I can think of is the lack of a tutorial, but in the games defense it is an early access, and for me it is actually fun to try and learn the game without an annoying tutorial. Definately worth the buy, I'm sure the replay value is going to be extremely high."
76561198026217139,Recommended,466560,30107531,Posted: 22 February,all,Earpugs,This game is awesome. It's a great blend between games like Banished Warcraft III and Civilization. Overall I am very impressed with the idea for such a unique style of game.
76561198074430320,Recommended,466560,30110084,Posted: 22 February,all,bawz,"Good Game!I bought this game because i loved The Settlers franchise, and The Settlers 7 would be greater if we had the option to select units like Northgard, and because the option to select units is already amazing, i like the simple way the game is at the moment but more buildings and units would be great as well, and it needs a better game creation, with Victory by conquest/domination only, for example, i always end up wining by trade or lore, even on hard.Anyways for an Early Access for 18€ is worth the fun already :)"
76561198001475409,Recommended,466560,30110303,Posted: 22 February,all,Goledamage,"A good solid game. The maps are interesting, the building limits for each sector force you to expand. Really has that Old Settlers feel to it and I love it."
,Recommended,466560,30131642,Posted: 23 February,all,KeFy,"Absolutely amazing game, a mix between Warcraft and Setlers"
,Recommended,466560,30240683,Posted: 28 February,all,Bluestone47,"The last time I was soexcitedabout an early access game was playing Don't Starve four years ago.Northgard is a game with potential, not really strategic due to the early version, but I believe the game will be great when the early access is over. This game reminds me of Majesty, which is also a game I engoyed.There are too much details can be considered in the following version: hotkeys, more units (at least I saw Sailor and Blacksmith in game), map editor, and customized victory. I believe you guys have already noticed all this. So I'll just be waiting for more fun, especially, the campaign.I spent 19.3 hours to get all the achievements, took me 10 hours to find a map with Wyvern.EXCITED!!!"
76561198110533149,Recommended,466560,30245744,Posted: 28 February,all,KäpØ$ztä,"Hello guys!First I want to say this is myFIRSTgame reviewEVER! So my favorite games are all MMOs and MOBAs and I’m not a „City Builder“ or „Strategy“ game type. One of the first games I played in my childhood was AoE 3. I sat down at the computer, my dad turned the game on and showed me how it works. First time it was „hard“ and I didn’t understand it. But I kept playing it and somehow I got a bit better in it, but how I said these games are not my type, so we can say I was pretty bad in it… Nevermind. Technically I never played any other City Builder. But I know I will spend a lot of time playing this game. Yet I only spent 3 hours with the game, but I like it already. And I hope you do aswell if you got it already or if you want to buy it. Of course the game is not the best, we all know, but it’s only an Early Access game. Maybe it will get better and better or not. But I hope it will! So enough of talking non-sense let’s get into the review!Pros:-	Relaxing and calm gameplay-	Good soundtrack-	Anybody can play it, because even I (THE WORST RTS GAMER) could win it.-	It will have multiplayer and campaign.-	You play with vikings (and vikings are f@cking badass)-	Easy controllsCons:-	20€ is a bit high price for this game (I would recommend to wait untill the price gets lower)-	You can’t have many soldiers, but it’s easy to lose them (The healing is slow either)-	Graphics are not the best in my opinion, but Idc care that much about itI would give the game8/10.Hope you liked my first review! :D"
,Recommended,466560,30260118,Posted: 1 March,all,Royalmage,this is a fun little game
76561198048303271,Recommended,466560,30315562,Posted: 4 March,all,liorziv100,Its a good game all-around although it still lacks more content.I would love to see Northgard developed further.
,Recommended,466560,30113796,Posted: 22 February,all,Bambino,Northgard is possibly the most polished early access i have ever seen and im enjoying it so far. There are some negatives among all the positives as i write this review on the release day there is almost nothing to combat and diplomacy its so basic and dull but it works fine and they are working on it. The ui needs some more love and more statistics need to be added but other than that all they need to do is some balance changes and add more content. This game has so much potential and the fact that its early access and is pretty complete is a great sign and the devs are pretty active as well. If you asked me if you should buy it I'd have to say yes due to the fact that it's already enjoyable with much to come and its on sale. ( No Multiplayer Yet They Need To Finish The Game First But The Dev's Did Confirm It )
,Recommended,466560,30333854,Posted: 5 March,all,Richard,Great game with a huge potential
76561198059520137,Not Recommended,466560,33906098,Posted: 30 July,all,psluuther,Crashes constantly to the point that it's unplayable.
,Recommended,466560,30131046,Posted: 23 February,all,jOda89CalgaryKiNG,How do I repair buildings in Northgard after they catch aflame from an earthquake?
,Recommended,466560,31654323,Posted: 9 May,all,Celtic,"This is fun, challenging and at a enjoyable pace!looking forward to release!"
76561198168988693,Recommended,466560,33769531,Posted: 24 July,all,Gnome,Nice game. Bought it around two days ago and have already spent over 10 hours in the game. That might just be me spending too much time infront of my computer though.
,Not Recommended,466560,30883513,Posted: 1 April,all,76561197972578478,"This game bring up certain magic nostalgia of old building strategy games like Settlers, it plays like a modern version of them with a polished  and fancy look. The game mechanics are quite simplistic and needs some tweaking and reworking to make it enjoyable in the long run. I enjoyed first few hours of the game, but after few plays, there is just not enough content to keep you occupied.This game is in no way bad, but I do not recommend to spend 20 Euros for the game in the current state with very limited content."
76561198365284762,Recommended,466560,33759564,Posted: 23 July,all,drg.agam,Best Real Time Survival Strategy game. Better than Banished. Fun Multiplayer.
,Recommended,466560,30105469,Posted: 22 February,all,JockTankCmdr,"Reminds me of one of my favorite games ever in Settlers for the old amiga 1200, been looking for a game like it for years and not really found one that i like until now, Only played just under an hour and enjoying what i have played so far with no complains or bugs to know of.A nice city builder that breaks you in just nicely at the right pace, couple of little bits like villagers stoping doing things for no reason but within 20 seconds you notice it due to a little warning on right of screen.Apart from that this is a solid early access game that depending on the life span will or will not be worth the asking price but i conno0t comment on that yet.Defo worth a look if you like city builder games"
,Not Recommended,466560,30357196,Posted: 6 March,all,BNS Xe🅱one,"If you are an RTS/Strategy game fan, i would not recommend you buy this.If you like mobile games play games mostly on your phone, or you are below the age of 12, i would recommend this game to you.This game has very little depth and the pacing is slow. It has no feeling of being ""epic"" as your armies are tiny, it also has basically no micro-managing."
76561197983713647,Not Recommended,466560,30209085,Posted: 26 February,all,Shuckle,"This game is a real-time-strategy game that has taken the age-old RTS formula, removed any real micromanagement, and added a thin layer of city management from the token 4X strategy genre. Unfortunately it lacks both the intensity of a RTS game and the depth of a 4X game. I played for about an hour and a half, and after easily winning one game I feel like I've experienced nearly everything Northgard has to offer at this point. This feels more like one of those 4X-style custom game modes in Starcraft II than a standalone game at this point.No campaignNo multiplayerNo grand 4X strategy depth and breadthNo intense RTS unit micromanagementNo control groups/attack/move/stop commandsNot much fun. Can't recommend."
,Recommended,466560,32485489,Posted: 16 June,all,ムゲン ☄,"I have been looking for a similar game to 'The Settlers' series for years and I can easily see myself sinking hundreds of hours into this just like I did with The Settlers seriesPros:For an Early Access game, it has tons of features already and loads of replay valueCurrently the game is getting updates every 1 or 2 weeksMultiplayer is actually really fun especially when you team up with other playersGraphics are absolutely awesomeAt the time of writing there are very few bugsNo performance issues at allCons:Musical score is a little blandIt's quite a slow starting game so there's little 'rush' potentialSome of the factions need a bit of balancing (eg. Raven faction simply consumes way too much food)No campaign mode (yet)Few military options, we need more focus on domination/all out war scenariosNo real way to communicate with others in Multiplayer (this wil be added later)Basically how it is now is that there is a little bit of everything. A little bit of blood and war, a little bit of win scenarios that do not involve combat (for the more passive relaxed players). Aaaand a little bit of game lore.All in all it's a game with amazing potential that doesn't squander any of it. Practically any of therealexisting cons will be patched later so there's nothing I'm honestly worried about. For what it is, it's definitely worth €20 and I can't wait to see the game at its full potential. At least it's good to see the dev team actually putting a lot of consistent work and love into the game.Mostly, I am looking forward to more options and choices in the future. It would be great to have game modes or options that allow us to double or triple the game speed or at least the rate at which resources are gained for faster gameplay. There's little 'competitive' potential in the game at the moment so I hope some features and options are added later that increase the game's competitive potential.Don't hesitate to buy it. If you don't like it, at least you can refund it."
76561198036997440,Not Recommended,466560,32353840,Posted: 11 June,all,Loli Fondler,"The happiness increase really ♥♥♥♥ing irks me. To the point where I just don't want to play as anything other than Wolf Clan.Also, healers being basically only good for healing and nothing else feels really forced. They exist soley to heal, and nothing else. The player has no choice but to get them because there is no passive healing and units are valueable due to the previously mentioned happiness issue limiting your growth so much. If healers increased happiness by a bit they would feel worth keeping, even when nothing needs to be healed. But instead you just take some of your villagers and move them to healers until your army is healed and then they go back to gathering. Its just more useless micro.Played two PVP matches VS another Wolf Clan player and a Raven Clan player. Wolf and I duked it out and basically crippled each other since we spawned so close, Raven just kinda slowly turtled and expanded and eventually took out the other guys town hall with mercs, and then he just over whelmed me with upgraded units since I think every single one of his tiles had a trade hub. He'd just buy food and steel and I assume each and every villager he got afterwards became a warrior. I tried his strat out VS AI and it worked well, just felt really slow and any early aggression just got stopped by towers.Either way, game was a chore to play. I'd say I'm gonna keep an eye on it since it looks sorta fun if they balance it out, but I've gone through the forums and things I'd suggest have already been suggested. Like months ago. So I guess the devs don't see the issues I do. I've put in for a refund.Its not for me."
,Recommended,466560,30130470,Posted: 23 February,all,N00b removal service,"It's similar to The Settlers.I really enjoyed it. Fun game. Needs some more music varition, more unit variation and there are some crashes (my pc is a beast so nothing on my end). Crashed 3 times in 2.7 hours playtime, but it's still in Alpha. Needs fixing tho. For now, save often.My review might sound a bit scathing for a positive review, but the gameplay is really genuinely fun. I love The Settlers, and I think if you like that game you'll like this one."
,Recommended,466560,30133156,Posted: 23 February,all,Almighty UnicoЯn,Feels like Skyrim but no dragons.Feels like Game Of Thrones but no kings.Gotta say this game is awesome. Hoping for more features in the future.9.5/10 is the game getting from me.
76561198006036231,Not Recommended,466560,33020853,Posted: 29 June,all,V A P O R W A V E  我 会 喜,"Fun but SLOW game.  Takes forever to do anything.  Will update my review once they add a fast forward feature, similar to Rimworld!"
,Not Recommended,466560,35097008,Posted: 20 September,all,Vlidean,"This game has been disappointing. It's not a strategic rts game like I wanted, and every update discourages attacking gameplay."
,Not Recommended,466560,30347129,Posted: 5 March,all,TheTwisterOfNipples,"A cool fairly slow paced RTS. Sadly it falls short on several important points, the most important of which is the fact that you can have a maximum of one unit producing building, which REALLY limits you. This means you end up spending about 1/4th of the game wating for units.Right now the game seems a bit shallow, which is to be expected considering its early alpha. With some more depth this would be worthy of being called the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of starcraft2 and Civ5, which is a huge compliment. For that to happen there needs to be a better and more expansive research tree, more upgrades and more unitproducing buildings so that the game pace goes up a bit.Right now the game is worth about 10$, but with some of the features listed above implemeted i would easily recommend this game at the current price."
,Not Recommended,466560,32794400,Posted: 25 June,all,KERNBOOM,"Stop the hypetrain! Get off the hypetrain! Rub that dirt out of your eyes..See it? Its a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥If you are used to games like Civ, AoE, Rimworld, that kind of stuff, this game is a real letdown. It plays more like a board game than anything else. It is not a city builder nor a RTS game, it is more like a Colonists of Catan with RTS elements.The map consists of tiles that you explore by having a scout sit at the edge of it untill the bar is filled. Each tile has the possibility to have rare or less rare resources on it, and sometimes there are some mobs to slay.The amount of military units you will use at the peak of the game is about ~10 and that would be a 'large' army. There are no commands like Attack-Move, Stop, Hold Position, or Patrol so everything is done by the old fashioned RMB.There are 3 types of military units, melee units, ranged units, and shield units. There is also a healer that takes literally a month to heal one guy. Theres the basic buildings, market, tower, lumber mill, etc, but your settlements feel like plastic, as in theopposite of alive.The gameplay is tedious and basic. It took a little from famous titles (Culture points from Civilization, the Tiles from Colonists of Catan, some misinterpreted Age of Empires elements) and doesn't know what it wants to be.If you, like me, thought this was the next generation city building / RTS with Vikings,it isnt. This is more like a family board game.CONS:Not actually a city builder or RTSPlays like a mediocre board gameNo resolution optionsNo hotkey optionsNo hotkeys for the things you actually want hotkeys forThe community had toconvincethe devs to add ranged units...PROS:It has VikingsGreat Artstyle"
76561198094037087,Recommended,466560,30131506,Posted: 23 February,all,Lithium,its an ok game
76561197971139530,Not Recommended,466560,30169872,Posted: 25 February,all,Seo Camo,"UPDATE: this bug is fixed and you can play and it look as a great game, i think it will be fun to play when it get a campaign mode, so i would wait for a little time, to you get more for your money, if you got a lot of money this will be fun 180 mins :)if you seen my old review below, please see the update....i try but this game do not work, it do not work get error all the time like this one.i got to play a few mins...Can't call RPC on an object not previously transferred (EBuilding(Shoal))Called from hxbit.NetworkHost.beginRPC (hxbit/NetworkHost.hx line 330)|Called from ent.Entity.doRemove (hxbit/Macros.hx line 1148)|Called from ent.Entity.remove (ent/Entity.hx line 251)|Called from module fun$6497(ent/b/Shoal.hx:24)|Called from module fun$8212(hxd/WaitEvent.hx:36)|Called from hxd.WaitEvent.update (hxd/WaitEvent.hx line 51)|Called from Game.update (Game.hx line 1120)|Called from hxd.App.mainLoop (hxd/App.hx line 94)|Called from Game.mainLoop (Game.hx line 128)|Called from hxd.$System.mainLoop (hxd/System.hx line 594)|Called from haxe.$MainLoop.tick (D:\Projects\haxe\std/haxe/MainLoop.hx line 156)|Called from haxe.$EntryPoint.processEvents (haxe/EntryPoint.hx line 70)|Called from module fun$7581(haxe/EntryPoint.hx:74)|Called from sdl.$Sdl.loop (sdl/Sdl.hx line 69)|Called from sdl.$Sdl.loop (sdl/Sdl.hx line 68)|Called from haxe.$EntryPoint.run (haxe/EntryPoint.hx line 74)|[/core]--"
76561198114688431,Not Recommended,466560,30254701,Posted: 28 February,all,Ottway,The military battles are less than exciting
76561198043495262,Not Recommended,466560,32390883,Posted: 13 June,all,Red Pyro,İt needs a tutorial and a campaign. The game is interesting but hard to get into and I am just to lazy to learn it by playing a hundred games.
,Not Recommended,466560,34223737,Posted: 13 August,all,Shardj ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"The concept is nice, the execution is poor. All games go a similar way which seems a little sad, but it's often that way with this type of strat game. I was hoping for it to be more about city building than anything else."
76561198141168225,Recommended,466560,33771237,Posted: 24 July,all,Yopis,Great GameI know I am not creativ
76561198010240111,Not Recommended,466560,33893903,Posted: 29 July,all,不羁的脚毛,"okay here is the thing, this game's AI are tough, trying your best just to balance your food and happiness is another level of madness. Cause when your ""happiness"" drop below zero, your population won't grow... and then your buildings would randomly on fire. It keep telling you that there are numbers of villagers ""expected to be happy"" which never ever happy. The easiest resources in this game is wood, but guess what? The AI just wont accept your wood trade at all. Let's just say this game is 10 times harder than civilization, just don't let the cute graphics fool you. Oh well the BGM is nice, but then the gameplay experience is reminded me of the mov title mission impossible... and it kinda is too.Freidnly reminder: steam wont let you refund it .... if you played more than 2 hrs"
76561197999936650,Not Recommended,466560,33725665,Posted: 22 July,all,Hutton901,"I would like to say yes, but as it's not actually working I can't really say so. I purchased the game after seeing reviews and gameplays of it as it reminded me a little bit of a cartoon style mashup between Civilisation and Age of Empires. Unfortunately when I downloaded and installed I've run into an issue, I keep getting the same error message ""A problem caused the program to stop working correctly. Windows will close the program and notify you if a solution is available""I tried to uninstall it and re-install and the same message keeps popping up, Im hoping it's an issue that can be fixed as I would like to actualy play the game. As it stands right now though its just been a waste of money."
,Recommended,466560,30346332,Posted: 5 March,all,๖CmK_,Stronkest
,Recommended,466560,30970909,Posted: 5 April,all,Alpzzz - iwnw ♋,yes
,Not Recommended,466560,33865494,Posted: 28 July,all,William Headings,"This game is too difficult. I can't even win on easy. It's a great game but there are a lot of stupid design flaws. Why can't your territory all be one area instead of broken up into a bunch of little sections. I would love this game if they tweeked it a little. The art style, Music, and sound effects are all great and overall has a great feel to it but the play style is tedious."
76561198031786447,Not Recommended,466560,33979931,Posted: 2 August,all,ddibner,"Look, there is no way I am going to spend 20 hours on a game like this to come to the determination that the first 10 hours was underwhelming. This in NOT Age of Empires or any other equivalent. This is a VERY simple formula that was surpassed 10 years ago. Need an example? Fine, my first number hours was thinking that this game would, at a minimum, start from a 10 year base and build from it. No...hell no, this is a poorly revisisted and wholly inadequate take on what was once a MUCH BETTER genre. Need to build a building fast? Use two people! Nope, not here. Absolutely need to mine one kind of material to move the game forward? Sorry, not is any rational sense of gameplay is THAT going to happen. Spend time to send out a ship? Fine, look what you actually get for it! A circle jerk of time delayed credits. Viking Lore? Only if you grew up in the Bronx and spend the last 15 minutes learning everything you could by watching the History channel. Really want to stick around and see where this little waste of money goes? Er, no...not after the last 15 years of gameplay on simular concepts....not even the slightest, thinnest chance it might improve.In short....a fast pass and thankful it was only $15."
,Not Recommended,466560,32243974,Posted: 7 June,all,dire,"Great Game and Idea but is full of bugs. Game crashes constantly, keeps throwing ""Out of Memory"" error and freezes the game.No Single Player. If I could get a refund would be great, too bad it took a few hours to start crashing."
76561198114093050,Recommended,466560,32227985,Posted: 6 June,all,SPOOKY Rice,Neat!
,Recommended,466560,32225248,Posted: 6 June,all,Ghosty,Vikings. 10/10
,Recommended,466560,34973483,Posted: 15 September,all,Prettylikerazzy,So Good. Buy this game okay :))))
76561198055658526,Not Recommended,466560,33835581,Posted: 27 July,all,Nickinator07,"I don't recommend this game, YET.  In early access it is very limited and confusing in my opinion.  Not confusing as in, I don't know how to do anything.  But basically getting an unexpected result from my actions.  I find myself doing things and then asking, ""Wait what? Why did that happen..."" or ""Why is this happening...?""  The ""Happiness"" meter is what confuses me the most I feel because only half the time it will tell you what to do to fix it.  There's no tutorial or campaign yet, they just kind of throw you in.  Also every match has a lot of micro-management knowing what territories your people are in and what their current jobs are and if they need to be changed.All that being said I have very high hopes for this game and I feel like it has high potential.  The structure is diferent (one the of main differences being needing scouts to explore the map) and I like it.  I do love the graphics and I like the races and how much depth there is to a single match.  Great map design, many different resources, cool structures and enviorment.  I do like this game, I just don't recommend it, YET"
76561198022445106,Not Recommended,466560,30449099,Posted: 11 March,all,ThePlayingMantis,"Game has potentential, but for now it is very strong MVP,I will reboy game when it will has more features."
76561198074087550,Recommended,466560,30222299,Posted: 27 February,all,Lay - Z,HMM??? OYYY
76561198232311560,Recommended,466560,30165289,Posted: 25 February,all,SMonster,I still have a access violation problem....
76561198252240464,Recommended,466560,33878886,Posted: 29 July,all,Will,Solid game. Can't wait to see where the developers take it
76561198297714458,Recommended,466560,30127147,Posted: 23 February,all,Nudist Beach,Shiro is my favourite indie developer
76561198206778949,Recommended,466560,30109567,Posted: 22 February,all,Ragemode213,This game is if you want a nice quick game session I finished one game in a little over an hour and it is magnificent for a nice warcraftian style experience.
76561198166497279,Recommended,466560,30110688,Posted: 22 February,all,david-p,"Really looking forward to keep playing the game and getting to know the campaign and multiplayer.very quick to learn and still pretty complex.  if u like age of empires, settlers, and are into vikings... then please go get it and have fun with it"
,Recommended,466560,30127848,Posted: 23 February,all,Vazul,This is how you should do Early Access.Fun and solid game.
76561198041163905,Recommended,466560,30110032,Posted: 22 February,all,trampingaround,"So far I am enjoying it.  As you can see, at the time of this writing I haven't played it much yet.  It definitely could use some optimization - my pc isn't running very hard, yet I'm getting not-super-great-frame-rates and general graphics scale artifacts / issues.  Still, other than one crash between games it isn't running too terrible for the first day since early release.  There will always be some issues for any early game.As for the game itself, I'm digging it.  I'll have to give it a longer shot this weekend, but for now it definitely has the potential.  I like the design, and there seems to be a good balance of base building versus combat.  Fairly typical RTS stuff along with varying goals.As others have said, there are limited options so far.  Basically you can play against AI and that's about it.  No campaign yet, and no multiplayer, but again, it's day one.  I'm not complaining.Read some on the forums.  Devs seem to be interested in dialogue and are participating in the discussions.Looking forward to seeing where it all goes.  Give the devs some credit - it's really early, and it costs about what three beers at a bar would run you (at least in a midsize US city like Mpls here).  Over time I'll get a lot more enjoyment out of the game than I would have from those three beers.That being said...  <cracks open a beer>  Skol!"
76561198049698250,Recommended,466560,30110430,Posted: 22 February,all,Corvale,"From what I've seen so far, this game is a really nice mix between AoE and Settlers. The is a lot here considering it is in early access.The only option so far is singleplayer which is fun, and delightfully simple to get your head around. The setting is in norse mythology, you start out as a small clan and have to grow your way to becoming the biggest, baddest clan around, whether that means through warfare (Wolf) expansion (Stag) or having more food (Goat, not sure though).If you enjoyed AoE or AoM (Age of Empires or Age of Mythology respectively) then this game is a must buy."
76561198006692008,Recommended,466560,30121402,Posted: 23 February,all,After Pie,"settlers + warcraft 1, decent game"
,Recommended,466560,30575874,Posted: 17 March,all,Awdie,"Excellent RTS so far, can't wait for a campaign to go along with it, along with the ability to play with friends."
76561198005668540,Recommended,466560,30115244,Posted: 23 February,all,Eazy,8/10
,Recommended,466560,30121248,Posted: 23 February,all,Cuc Cu Man !,Good Early Access !!!!!!!!!!
76561198027568426,Recommended,466560,30129171,Posted: 23 February,all,Epitaph,Only played for a couple of hours but I can say I love it! Give it a try! :)
,Recommended,466560,30326808,Posted: 4 March,all,noddy-,"I have played this game for rougly 40 minutes, this game seems amazing it looks good and runs amazing. I would say if your into games like this. £14 isnt much aswell."
,Recommended,466560,30111349,Posted: 22 February,all,Lagertha ♥,VIIIIIIIIIIIIIKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNGS  !Just enough to be bought :D
76561198043478840,Not Recommended,466560,30829170,Posted: 30 March,all,Mermaidman,The game seems to have a lot of potential although at the moment it fells extremely unbalanced.
,Recommended,466560,33751814,Posted: 23 July,all,Mosik,Its a nice game
,Recommended,466560,30535190,Posted: 15 March,all,Gadget,"Feels like a cheap mobile game.  I didn't like it, but I can't ""not recommend"" it based on my taste in games.  It is solid and plays well.  I just don't like cheap mobile games."
76561198094060331,Not Recommended,466560,30138218,Posted: 24 February,all,RotorGrrl,"Played for about 90 minutes. Beat the game on ""hard"" settings my first time around and experienced everything the game has to offer in its current early access state. The AI while some people are calling ""highly competitive"" in my opinion is just reckless and predictable. The AI will conquor new land very quickly using far too small of army, and then after it barely defeats the guardians (wolfs or draugres) the nearly dead AI warriors will just hang out on this open tile where you can just run them down and its an easier win than fighting the wolfs that were there. Then its just a matter of either paying the food to take the land for yourself... or bleeding your opponent dry by allowing them to pay the food to take the land, and then immediately forcing them to lose and retake the land over and over. You can cripple all of the civilizations in the game with this one measely strategy... and so it cheapens the experience and makes it feel very rushed.Now I get it... its early access, things will change, game isn't done yet, ect ect. But all I'm saying is that if you are looking for an actually challenging RTS game, this game in its current state is not it yet. Maybe it never will be. So for these reasons allow I recommend for any serious RTS gamer to wait and see what the next few updates over the coming months bring to the game and revisit later on to see if worth purchasing.If you are a casual gamer, you may also wish to hold off on purchasing this game at the moment, because there is no campaign mode, or multiplayer mode yet. The only mode available is single player mode, which offers games that last about 60-120 minutes of AI doing things that don't make any sense. Like leaving their band of barely-any-HP-left warriors right on my border while they try to expand into me.There is also the lack of content. Even for an early access title, the lack of content is astounding. after 90 minutes I had built every building, and every unit the game has to offer. I was really sad to see that building a ship harbor does not allow you to wage war at sea, but rather allows villagers to harvest fame and lore... that literally sank my heart... a viking game is not a viking game without naval warfare. Sorry, but not sorry."
76561198050766247,Not Recommended,466560,30136738,Posted: 24 February,all,Dovahkiin,"Fantastic game albeit it's sorely lacking in variety in terms of combat, defensive/offensive structures, random events and character customisation.PROS:- It's about Vikings, bro.- Lets you pick a ""Clan"" which provides clan-specific perks, allowing for types of approach of how you want to play the game.- Skill tree in the form of 'Lore'. Excellent mechanic and would love to see more stuff added into it.CONS:- Game mechanics is somewhat clunky at the moment. No villager goes to structures unless assigned to. Scouts do not flee but rather continue to fight 'unfriendly creatures' even after commanding them to get the hell out of the colonized area which is under attack.- Certain buildings are bugged. (Once raiding port is set to 'Start raid', it does not allow me to stop it)- Only defensive building is a Tower. Would love to see spiked barricades (Think TV series Vikings) etc.- Lack of random events. Seriously, earthquakes & blizzards aren't enough to falter vikings kek.Overall:I'd give it a 9/10. Don't get me wrong with the 'No' recommendation. It's a fantastic game and it was only released a couple of days ago. Unless you don't mind having to deal with the issues that come with EAGs, don't get it.This game certainly needs more work and polishing but it will be _that_ game which most of us will be hooked on."
,Not Recommended,466560,33825203,Posted: 26 July,all,Chibana,"The big problem is the lack of content. There are few type of warriors and not many type buildings. Also the combat is really poor and I don't like the gamemechanism, villagers only come by time.To be honest the old Age of Empires 2 is still better than this new game.This game feels like a combination of Civilization and Age of Empires but with the 20% of their content."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,466560,31676150,Posted: 10 May,all,Huggles `,"Possibly, but DEFINITELY not yet.ATM the game is very tiny, especially considering the asking price.It's a very simplistic, very short/quick strategy game set in too tiny and claustrophobic feeling maps and in truth has very little content."
76561198040358284,Not Recommended,466560,33352147,Posted: 7 July,all,wdurham23,Not a fan. Too simple.  Gameplay not compelling enough.  It gets boring pretty fast. I wish pc games would come out like they first did in the 2000s games
,Not Recommended,466560,31146785,Posted: 14 April,all,firewriter,"I found it really frustrating, nothing seemed to work the way it was supposed to I thought. My healer was stadning around with nothing to do while villagers were almost dead from a wolf attack... that my military did nothing about. Then everyone starved to death."
,Not Recommended,466560,30227270,Posted: 27 February,all,GAMESJAMESTV,like the idea of the game but it has a lot to imporve on until its actually good. it doesnt explain enough of the game and how fast everything moves just screws you over. there only only a select few buildings you can have per area which reduces how you can do almost anything. then randomly your ppl will get sick and never heal and your whole clan dies game over. not a fan of the game anymore
76561197978649206,Recommended,466560,30106175,Posted: 22 February,all,Uruz,Settlers+Vikings :)Looking forward to the Campaign and MP
,Recommended,466560,30106054,Posted: 22 February,all,Oxnull,"The game is super easy once you figure out the resources and what you are doing, but maybe it will get more interesting as the game develops. Fun to play for the first game against AI, hopefully multiplayer will increase the difficulty."
,Recommended,466560,30111763,Posted: 22 February,all,Glarfl,"Very enjoyable game. Reminds me of the older settlers games a lot, which is a good thing.The game is fun even with the early access state it is in now. I imagine multiplayer being added to this game will increase my play time tremendously as I have already done all I can do so far and enjoyed it throughly.Except slay that dragon demon thing in the trailer."
76561198046477128,Not Recommended,466560,31229871,Posted: 18 April,all,GideonsGhost,"1 dimensional, gets boring very quickly."
,Recommended,466560,34413939,Posted: 22 August,all,The Law,"Buy it, use it, break it, fix it,Trash it, change it, mail - upgrade it,Charge it, point it, zoom it, press it,Snap it, work it, quick - erase it,Write it, cut it, paste it, save it,Load it, check it, quick - rewrite it,Plug it, play it, burn it, rip it,Drag and drop it, zip - unzip it,Lock it, fill it, call it, find it,View it, code it, jam - unlock it,Surf it, scroll it, pause it, click it,Cross it, crack it, switch - update it,Name it, rate it, tune it, print it,Scan it, send it, fax - rename it,Touch it, bring it, pay it, watch it,Turn it, leave it, start - format it.Buy it, it is good."
76561198211202043,Not Recommended,466560,30816016,Posted: 29 March,all,Tartakus,"I can't believe I spent 20$ to this game. Just deceived from high review rate. As an RTS enthusiast, this game is too shallow and slow paced. Don't buy it if you expect a good RTS experience."
76561198039122248,Not Recommended,466560,33870598,Posted: 28 July,all,PAUJ,"The pace is slow... It could be a tourturing... Or after u peacefully build your clan for 1.5hour and get smashed immediately... To slove this unpleasnt feeling, this game need to have a faster pace... its like you could only make few soldier in 45 mins game play. Its really boring for me."
,Recommended,466560,34019318,Posted: 4 August,all,Reyyt,Turkish Language Please !
76561198106171421,Recommended,466560,32162131,Posted: 3 June,all,Shiroe,its a good gmae
76561198031150558,Not Recommended,466560,30912336,Posted: 2 April,all,Ozy,I wanted to like it. Looked fun when I watched it played on youtube.The actual experience is bland and unfulfilling. Like a stale twinkie.Feels a lot like babby's first Age Of Empires.
76561198005632331,Recommended,466560,30120675,Posted: 23 February,all,Nekrull,Big fan of RTS games and I highly reccomend this one.
76561198010886415,Recommended,466560,30670273,Posted: 22 March,all,Necabo,"Nice visuals, nice gameplay, see more of why I like this game here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQxmbhM7xAY"
76561198366772033,Recommended,466560,30327477,Posted: 4 March,all,gaylord21kirk7,kirks an idiot
,Recommended,466560,30121461,Posted: 23 February,all,Luna licărire,"I only recommend this game for people who can afford to spend money on a game that will likely only keep them interested for 2-6 hours. Hopefully this game will have a lot more added to it, which I'm sure it will since it's Early Access. I felt like I experienced all of it after just my first play through, although it was fun.Pros:- Great Graphics- Fun & Unique base building system- Dynamic Weather/Dynamic Effects- Great interface- No learning curveCons:- Very little customization, pick your name and color and that's it.- Only 3 clan types (so far) and they only have stat differences. Same buildings & same units- No multiplayer (yet)- No campaign (yet)- No map editor or map selection of any kind- No hero unit (would be great if ""you"" were in the game as a hero unit that you could customize)- Repetitive game play- Easy enemies- No win objective options(all are on)- Nearly no diplomatic elements whatsoever- Trade is possible yet feels impossible because how difficult it is to set up a trade route before the enemy attacks you.- Trade Post and a Marketplace, both produce krowns. Marketplace is for buying stuff(can't sell stuff) and Trade Post is for setting up trade routes. Should just be 1 building, not 2."
,Recommended,466560,30325492,Posted: 4 March,all,King4x4 (Initial),This game fills my strategy needs... Enuff said.
,Recommended,466560,30570837,Posted: 17 March,all,Atos,Its really fun...8/10
76561198063347914,Recommended,466560,30111544,Posted: 22 February,all,Taylanovich,Love it.
76561197998542362,Recommended,466560,30574507,Posted: 17 March,all,Plebovsky,Nice
76561198014326015,Recommended,466560,30121591,Posted: 23 February,all,Archein1,A neat strategy game. Check it out.
76561197972054027,Recommended,466560,30122452,Posted: 23 February,all,Spinewire,This is better than a lot of games at their final release. Can't wait to see what they add to it.
,Recommended,466560,33770714,Posted: 24 July,all,livin' legend,NICE!
76561198162410567,Recommended,466560,33801435,Posted: 25 July,all,Awkward winkyface,"Clearly radiating with potency for a multiplayer game. Currently plagued by by the lack of build paths, exploits, lack of ping relative to host and incredibly bad combat.The game is very much like the Settlers of Catan. Many a game is simply decided by RNG in the earlier stages of the game or your neighbours(for example someone going for a trade victory with territory adjacent to an enemy Wolf clan will almost always die in the earlier stages without really being able to retaliate). There are many, and I truly mean many, balance issues which need to be isolated and rethought ground up. These obvious flaws will take it's toll on your fun eventually.Then the biggest offender: the combat. The combat is just bad. There's nothing good about it and in all frankness I don't understand how it made it to the cut without being changed even in it's early access release. If you're an Age of Empires fan and you like warring with you foes forget about Northgard. Northgard's combat consists sole of a ""deathball""(all units mashed together) as nothing else is viable, and once opponents meet it becomes a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ little cat and mouse game where everyone tries to use attack reset exploits and run up and down really fast to avoid casualties. Nothing about it is fun or require you to think. Luckily the developers have promised to fix it, but we don't know when.Still, the game plays really well in all other compartments and feels polished. It's worth getting for the current price. Just don't expect a masterpiece yet."
76561198140623181,Recommended,466560,32107810,Posted: 1 June,all,R?,nice
,Recommended,466560,30105017,Posted: 22 February,all,Bucky,new and exciting 90%mix strategy 100%
76561198052680433,Not Recommended,466560,32211765,Posted: 5 June,all,milhouse.,"Lots of promise here: great visuals, sound and music, and the gameplay is fairly good but the game is unfinished and three issues will severely limit your enjoyment to a few hours until they are fixed: diplomacy is nonexistent, the AI will harass you just because, automation/quality of life is sorely lacking meaning that responding to these attacks and micromanaging worker types becomes infuriating. The lack of content is forgivable considering this is an early access game but the gameplay becomes frustrating after a few hours."
,Not Recommended,466560,31942060,Posted: 24 May,all,Pickle Rick,NorthGardPersonally I like the game but right now it gets repetitive.6/10ProsFunChallengingYou get to control/commandYour in controlConsRepetitiveBoring after 3hGets oldDoesn't Stay intrestingPoint and clickLags (For me)
,Not Recommended,466560,30207712,Posted: 26 February,all,Ballsack,Music sounds suspiciously like that of Banished. Anyways you have only a limited amount of buildings you are allowed to build in a certain area which is something I hate. Game is not for me.
76561197966987251,Not Recommended,466560,32189087,Posted: 4 June,all,Sonya - Wins,"In summary: The game is not complete. It does have a good base, but it needs more in its main gameplay loop to be actually satisfying. It is not obvious if that will improve, given what is on offer at the moment.Real gameplay issues, is it is kind of impossible to know where all your military troops are. This makes it so that fighting wars on multiple fronts becomes an effort in frustration. This really kills the desire to continue playing as it is. Otherwise the little game it is would be pretty nice to play.Managing villiagers is also kind of a pain. The UI for them is a bit nonsense. You want to put a settler to work in a particular building has you cycling through 'idle' settlers looking for ones that truly aren't working, then you have to go back to finding the building you wanted to fill. This is not acceptable."
,Not Recommended,466560,32167963,Posted: 3 June,all,jrizzle8769,"This is a super awesome concept, however, at the moment it just feels drawn out and tedious trying to keep your clan happy so you can continue to produce new villagers while staving off rats, the cold, and earthquakes. Just played a 4 hour match on a medium map. I love some of the new aspects but they just don't mesh well for me right now. Spent 3 hours trying to build up my army and then just ramsacked the whole map in one go....Hopefully they will take out the scouting aspect, as well as the aforementioned earthquakes, cold, and rat features....they add little to no enjoyment or excitement to the game. Not really liking the happiness feature either but meh its whatever. The biggest and most tedious flaw of them all is having certain parts of the map where you have to build certain things, but you can only build 3-4 buildings per piece of the map. Super annoying and makes micromanaging a pain overall. I literally had 40 building sprawled across the entire map....On the bright side this game has renewed my interest in AOE's which i think I will get back into now. Don't mess up a good formula that is already proven to work! This game may appeal to many but i was really looking for something more along the lines of AOE's. 6/10 for me right now."
76561197970518364,Not Recommended,466560,32188935,Posted: 4 June,all,ajpieper,"Game downloaded keep getting fatal error out of memory.  I show plenty of memory, not happy"
76561198008849272,Not Recommended,466560,33810009,Posted: 26 July,all,ercan.korcelik,"Game play very simple, not worth buying."
76561198027192239,Not Recommended,466560,31454837,Posted: 29 April,all,twitch.tv/CyberSecurityTV,The game felt a bit underwhelming. You can't build more than three structures on various areas and the game is very slow. I was 25 minutes into the game and haven't seen  the enemy. I wish I could get a refund but maybe the game is just not for me.
76561198119546148,Not Recommended,466560,34011583,Posted: 4 August,all,Unlucker,Pros:+ The game runs smooth and without crashes+ Nice graphic+ Easy to learnCons:- Little to no content- Can't save in multiplayer- Get's boring after a whileI can't recommend this game for current price tag. Once there's campaign and they add new things I will changethe review to positive.
76561198276435406,Not Recommended,466560,31002267,Posted: 7 April,all,danc2334,"had this for about an hour, i feel its very restrictive, on the off set i was expecting a whole lot more, larger maps, better building structure, better army builder, i think it has loads of potential if it went down a age of empires route rather than a tiny civilisation."
76561198122533931,Not Recommended,466560,33894999,Posted: 29 July,all,Metadingo,"If you want a combo of Banished/Civ/Age of Empires - this is for you.  If you want the frustration of having the game crash after 30-60 minutes.... Buy this!  I love the game, but for some reason it crashes, and it is annoying."
76561198008841502,Not Recommended,466560,32350164,Posted: 11 June,all,rodry,Early AccessI found it simplistic and the Northern theme a bit forced.
,Not Recommended,466560,33950161,Posted: 1 August,all,elmarj,Boring / superficial
,Not Recommended,466560,33938553,Posted: 31 July,all,Mooshire,It wasn't for me
76561198116296792,Not Recommended,466560,30731147,Posted: 25 March,all,rybot509,The game looks good but after trying every troubleshoot option I could and still nothing I couldn't even play the game. All I get when ever I start the game is a large black screen and I have to Task manager close it. Does anyone know how to fix this?
,Not Recommended,466560,34129530,Posted: 9 August,all,mymlyn,"atm its 8 hours tops including multiplayer, very repetetive"
76561198007351128,Recommended,466560,30325533,Posted: 4 March,all,Zippy,Best of the best!
,Not Recommended,466560,35259756,Posted: 28 September,all,Charlie Frust,19 hours of playing and i don't want to launch it anymore...Monotonous game with poor interactions.Boring...
76561198054494746,Not Recommended,466560,31675699,Posted: 10 May,all,militaryfan,"Good game, but every time I try to play it the game freezes my system. I would recommend if they fix the freezing and add campaign mode to the game."
76561198305614991,Not Recommended,466560,34878000,Posted: 11 September,all,KillSwitch,Not worth 20 bucks.
76561198333024677,Not Recommended,466560,34900346,Posted: 12 September,all,TV飞飞,垃圾游戏   连钱都不退还
76561198137913272,Not Recommended,466560,32356729,Posted: 11 June,all,Plain Face,NOT ENOUGH PLAYERS ONLINE... fun but have to wait hours to find enough people to play with. not popular enough
,Not Recommended,466560,30403687,Posted: 8 March,all,White Beast ҈҉♥҉҈҉,"The game is cute an funny but there are Mobile games that are doing better , it is VERY simple , changing direction of a building is very simple , u can not assign any key for your troops . winning conditions are very simple and depending on your map situation . still simple graphic problems . Is it A lot to expect a Not free game to be more active and be more entertaining ?!"
,Not Recommended,466560,30180899,Posted: 25 February,all,ya big meatball,"After playing a few skirmashes, I can pretty much tell you this : it's a downgraded Civilization except it's in real time.Here's why-Very buggy AI.. you make friends only to find out your friends will randomly attack you for no good reason, yet after the war is over, you maintain good relationships with them-Wait, did I say war? war only lasts about 2 minutes because the AI runs out of warriors and decides to concede.-There are only 3 clans so far (which isn't bad, I promise) But AI doesn't depend on the clan they have, it's all completely random.-I love the idea of having neutral tribes that you can eventually develop a friendship with so that they join you, but it takes ingame years, good luck actually getting them before someone else (or you) achieves victory.-The game even reuses some very obvious Civ sound files, like when your villagers get angry.-The lore system doesn't really make any sense (this is basically your technologies that you upgrade) because you can go all over the place and each branch doesn't have a common theme, it's just random traits placed in a row.For an early access game, I can tell you that I really respect what the devs are doing here, but A LOT of it feels like a rehash, I found myself longing for other top-down strategy games like Rome, Supreme Commander, Command&Conquer etc. because they did the job first and they did it right."
76561198387381699,Not Recommended,466560,33797899,Posted: 25 July,all,CTHULHU,in a word♥♥♥♥♥
76561198017776234,Not Recommended,466560,32418737,Posted: 14 June,all,Friendofeveryone,"The idea of Northgard is very cool, the graphics and music are okay but the actual gameplay leaves much to be desired. The amount of options and strategies are extremely limited and the game drags itself out. Despite the viking theme the units and people in the game are huge sissies and are constantly unhappy about housing etc. Not what you would expect of vikings."
,Recommended,466560,33771757,Posted: 24 July,all,Göks-,Great game Oyun 2v2 için ideal güzellikte
76561198064984353,Not Recommended,466560,30148381,Posted: 24 February,all,wazpinator,"Nortgard Creators, CHECK YOUR SOFTWARE!!! virus inbedded in files, virus scanner is blocking your game"
76561197964578472,Not Recommended,466560,34768760,Posted: 5 September,all,Luke,this feels like a cell phone game for <10$
76561197969701422,Not Recommended,466560,33661565,Posted: 19 July,all,BringerOD,Difficult to get going.  Not very fun.
,Not Recommended,466560,33317427,Posted: 6 July,all,Doug Righteous,"There is a cap of 2 soliders which comes from villagers with which i'm already capped with creating and total amount while it costs increasingly more krowns to recruit soldiers, while krowns pretty much comes from trading posts. Villagers are automatically created based on happiness which is based on territory owned. I can only have like 3 buildings per region, and i cant explore myself. I have to create a building to make a villager be a scout to explore. Then i can't control the scout.  Mine nodes only have 30 stone so i can only upgrade 3 things, due to pretty much 1 node being around. Unfortunately, i have to upgrade the town hall 1st before anything else, so i can only upgrade 2 things... aaand 1 upgraded wood cutter lodge doesnt translate into all woodcutter lodges being upgraded.  I can only have 2 warriors, 2 farmers, 2 miners, 2 woodcutters etc. This game just feels like 1 giant restriction atm, and then winter came and everything sucked.whilst playing this game, I feel like I'm a child on a leash, with any type of decision making completely thrown out the window."
,Not Recommended,466560,31141718,Posted: 14 April,all,ZombieVomitz,"So the 20 mminutes of ""gameplay"" I have consist of staring at the single player loading screen. If they were going for a loading screen simulator they just won best award.PC specs are not an issue on my end. SLI 1080 FTWs, i7-6800k at 4.0 64 gigs of RAM, I went ahead and uninstalled it and reinstalled on the 3 hardrives I have all sepratly ofcourse to no avail. I guess its working for some and not for others?Sad really because I love the theme of this game and ive actually been eager to play it. For me its unplayable."
,Not Recommended,466560,34879371,Posted: 11 September,all,Schicki,"In its current state, this game is not worth 19,99€."
76561198196733837,Not Recommended,466560,30782921,Posted: 27 March,all,l.woolery9615,"the graphics for everything but the terrain and people is fine, but the terrain and people just show up as multi colored fuz"
,Not Recommended,466560,30121622,Posted: 23 February,all,Genebris,Can't scale UI down.
,Recommended,466560,32513174,Posted: 17 June,all,.sh4d0w,"Hail Odin, go grab this Game!"
76561198053103163,Not Recommended,466560,30942883,Posted: 4 April,all,sylverlyf,Looks like it balanced nicely for PVP (says a PVEer lol)Resource management is a thing.Random maps  are good.I still have not figured out how to make the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s happy but oh well.I don't really feel compelled to play it more after doing two maps.Enjoyability for me was around 7/10
76561197996785853,Not Recommended,466560,34859233,Posted: 10 September,all,Lith7ium,"I'd love to give it a medium thumb, really. It is a neat game, classical 4X and okay balance. But the content it has to offer just does not justify the price tag. If you can get it for about 5 euros it is okay, but not for 20. Way to few content, to short games and just lacking in replayability."
76561198043909089,Not Recommended,466560,32715937,Posted: 24 June,all,TheWeadsHD,"Not the worst game I've played but it's boring, kinda reminds me of a mobile game, not the best value for money, pictures and videos give a kinda misleading vibe."
76561198173393119,Not Recommended,466560,34498700,Posted: 26 August,all,Seth,"So much potential, so much power, so disappointing...Eveything in this game is so so so close to being perfect. but the fight system is so wierd that i will not recommend this game to anyone.If you are looking for a Age of empires - viking inspired game, dont buy this, this is not it."
76561198199776569,Not Recommended,466560,33583351,Posted: 16 July,all,Exupery,"The pretty graphics could not make up for the lack of depth or gameplay.This gam is pretty much a con, something that feels more like a facebook F2P game. It lacks the depth and strategy I would expect from this genre, and no being ''indie'' is not an excuse, given the stellar performance of banished.In short, this game is a polished turd that will have you yawning after the first match against the AI."
,Not Recommended,466560,34670780,Posted: 1 September,all,Reaper8U,"Yes, I might get really angry with some of my games, but no game has gotten me as mad as this when the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of an AI enemy keeps sending mercenaries every 10 seconds. I can't do anything anymore because I keep getting attacked. I really like RTS games and games like this one, but man, this one I hate."
76561198006330972,Not Recommended,466560,30964305,Posted: 5 April,all,Skurkanas,"Feels like a stripped down version of Settlers 7, tbh.Of course I am judging from what little time I could spend within the refund window, but Gameplay seems rather shallow, building variety is low and the arbitrary building limit per zone prohibits actual cohesive settlements.I can definitely see the appeal, but I think other games do the same concept better."
76561198131499179,Not Recommended,466560,32337821,Posted: 11 June,all,ุ,Its way too hard even on easy.
76561198079903431,Not Recommended,466560,31616294,Posted: 7 May,all,xaviermontemayor1,i sued to be able to launch and pay the game with no problem. but now it isnt launching anymore.
76561198097007818,Not Recommended,466560,32503607,Posted: 17 June,all,molusco_virtual,"I don´t know why the good reviews. The game is so bored and limited. I would like a refund, but it´s not possible. I don´t recommend this game."
76561197985241900,Not Recommended,466560,32414326,Posted: 14 June,all,camoka5,One of the most simple and dull games I have ever played. Maybe because it is early access. Not recommended at this stage.
76561198031252575,Not Recommended,466560,32222142,Posted: 6 June,all,bdm5,Game would not start for me. I really don't mess around after this point.
76561198371628588,Not Recommended,466560,30533733,Posted: 15 March,all,markbasmus,Looks like a great game but all ive got is two hours of black screen and music. Haven't even got to play it wouldn't recommend till more updates come out.
76561198356183667,Not Recommended,466560,30228281,Posted: 27 February,all,jonathan.a.clevenger,I cant even get the game to load
,Not Recommended,466560,30862619,Posted: 31 March,all,RE_Stringer,it was ok but not that great:{ need multiplayer
76561197993288786,Not Recommended,466560,34706885,Posted: 3 September,all,Invest,This game sucks alot. I want to build wherever I want like in settlers not like in this game where it's so damn restricted
76561198202261414,Not Recommended,466560,33422272,Posted: 9 July,all,jp,No way. Poor gameplay. Minimal map. 15 years ago we had better style games.I was fooled. I thought it was a strategy resource management like Northland. Even the first Northland were better.
76561198355821938,Not Recommended,466560,33781561,Posted: 25 July,all,boltz,not a good rts . no depth in the game  u should go for age of empires 2 instead of this .thanx
76561198366068889,Not Recommended,466560,33880387,Posted: 29 July,all,PuMpKiNkInG,instead of making new clans how  about fix your game i cant get past the loading screen
76561198067860111,Not Recommended,466560,30309369,Posted: 3 March,all,Prince,"Like my ex girlfriend, this game is pretty but shallow. It didn't cheat on me, but it is just as boring as Sarah was. I couldn't kill Northguard, but I could refund it."
76561198015449505,Not Recommended,466560,31890590,Posted: 21 May,all,rok_27,Northgard does not work! all i get is a black screen and a white mouse cursor now i know my pc is not the problem as it meets the specs required to play and i also know this is an early access butt since the game does not work at all i have to give it a big thumbs down for now
76561198127221624,Not Recommended,466560,30323628,Posted: 4 March,all,skitching,the map is a bunch of mulity colored lines
76561198074523181,Not Recommended,466560,30117875,Posted: 23 February,all,Shadow,"Really like the look of this, but games like this just shouldn't be released in early access. Barely any content and most people will not return to play it more once the campaign and multiplayer are released. I also had to remove the Microsoft VC package from the installation folder because every time I launched the game through steam it would get stuck on trying to install it."
76561198335038466,Not Recommended,466560,32156847,Posted: 3 June,all,dRnk3nKn8,"slow paced game, it needs hours to pop out army, more of city building and rules"
76561198073318858,Not Recommended,466560,32753652,Posted: 24 June,all,lvtbsjfan,"This game is poorly designed for people who are just starting the game. There is no tutorial. The hotkeys and gameplay is unclear and foggy. I would say it's like a mix of Age of Empires and Settlers of Catan but I have no clue what I am supposed to be doing, because there is no explanation in game. The mechanics are fairly good, but they have no basis.I am having this game refunded until the creators fix these problems - and frankly these things need to be a part of a game anyways."
76561198038443149,Not Recommended,466560,32792783,Posted: 25 June,all,joerose27,"Stay away from this game. Its a ripoff. Game freezes during startup 99% of the time, no fix. You can only choose from 1 of the 5 clans or guarenteed freeze up. Wish I had my Money back."
76561197987123384,Not Recommended,466560,32222773,Posted: 6 June,all,chris.hill87,everytime i try to play it crashs
,Not Recommended,466560,30250092,Posted: 28 February,all,Stattikkoman,If you're looking for a RTS do not buy this game.  I'm getting really tired of developers limiting these games with population control/Building limits.-Refunded
,Not Recommended,466560,32160641,Posted: 3 June,all,FroG,"I could not get the game to launch successfully, and it ended up causing Steam itself to fail to open twice.  Had to get a refund.  I'm going to have to not recommend this game at this time, mostly due to it being unable to run."
76561198320747689,Not Recommended,466560,30219415,Posted: 27 February,all,daleel905,"The game needs a deeper building tech tree, specialization for military units and more impactful science techs. Overall would not recommend until updates come out."
,Not Recommended,466560,30203292,Posted: 26 February,all,-✰ RemorselessX ✰-,"Game is ok maybe slightly overpriced , bit easy and slowww phased."
76561198102070579,Not Recommended,466560,34552240,Posted: 28 August,all,DimitriKiew,Not fun at all.
76561198044740135,Recommended,466560,30105824,Posted: 22 February,all,Lon736,"just played for minutes, and willing to play it again, it's intresting.for first impressionIt's a welldone strategy game, took elements & ideas from classic golden strategy games and from new ones.For sure, this will be a really great game in its full release.looking Forward to it.Support \o/"
76561198030967734,Not Recommended,466560,32268915,Posted: 8 June,all,Twoseeeye,boring
76561198088395869,Not Recommended,466560,30928872,Posted: 3 April,all,kalisk8r,It will not even load to the opening screen. Tech support has not responded to any communication. Lame.
,Not Recommended,466560,30216958,Posted: 27 February,all,Ducks,"The game needs a deeper building tech tree, specialization for military units and more impactful science techs. Overall would not recommend until updates come out."
76561198197852167,Not Recommended,466560,30483213,Posted: 12 March,all,Special Needs,"honestly i played this game for five minutes and i am not able to turn people from the simple peasant jobs to anything else, and the game has terrible lagging, this game looks awsome but i cant do anything... im getting a refund until you fix it."
76561198109757854,Not Recommended,466560,34298560,Posted: 16 August,all,zoomdude111,"0/10 No walls, would not feel safe again."
76561197970811515,Not Recommended,466560,33561782,Posted: 15 July,all,MlQUE,"Not fun at all. Even on the easiest difficulty the progression-pace is horrible, you never get anywhere because the resource mechanics and if one things goes out of balance for a second because you sneezed it's time to start all over again. I want my money back!"
,Not Recommended,466560,32224933,Posted: 6 June,all,Pomdo - csgoroll.com,"i do not like it... you do not have so many possibilitys of building alot, there is not many buildings. as it is right now i do not like it"
76561198162847929,Not Recommended,466560,31668433,Posted: 10 May,all,Blizard,Not very nice
,Not Recommended,466560,30191402,Posted: 26 February,all,My.Con | Ariano,No content for 17€...
76561198177342050,Not Recommended,466560,33449279,Posted: 10 July,all,danielboone27,I need my money back it wont start!
,Not Recommended,466560,30290196,Posted: 2 March,all,5 Bears On Patrol,"When I give a command to run away, it'd be nice if the moron villager actually reached the destination before turning around to run back into battle and get killed. What kind of ♥♥♥♥ing idiot develops a game like that?"
,Not Recommended,466560,32732282,Posted: 24 June,all,BiG  \\\  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Some reviews compared this game to CIV. It doesn't have anything to do with CIV. Don't make the same mistake I did.This game is over priced. Should be 3,99€ like the mobile game that it is!20Eur or even 17EUR (summer sale) is a blatant ripoff."
,Not Recommended,466560,30132394,Posted: 23 February,all,[x] Taan,At this current stage it's a clash of clans clone (mediocre one).Hopefully they will evolve to something banished or settlers-like
76561198147076563,Not Recommended,466560,30368803,Posted: 7 March,all,slingdong ()()()()()(),Seriously a bad game.... 16 minutes into the game im like what the hell is this... Refunding this game in a heartbeat
,Not Recommended,466560,32558291,Posted: 18 June,all,NEFAE- 孤臣,"DO NOT purchase this, it's rubbish! You can get tons of this kind on mobile store, while those may cost you much less or even free.-DO NOT pay this much for a rubbish.-DO NOT PURCHASE!"
76561198199214581,Recommended,466560,30107826,Posted: 22 February,all,TyroneLannister,"I like dis koncep. Jus need mo♥♥♥♥♥♥in da game mayb get sum differ units or sumtin kuz dat♥♥♥♥♥♥get boring. Ya feel me cuz?Mayb throw sum arrow dudes up in duh mix. Jus tryin ta help a brotha out. Add some differ tiles on da map, like butcha or sumtin where you possiblee get differ food den just dat deer meet like a pig oh a bore.1. New unit- arrow dudes.2. Butcha - raise pigs and keel dem hoes.3. Moe special hoes - Jus baserker and ♥♥♥♥♥ chief atm. Maybe Valyriekei hoe with a speer or sumtin. Ya feel me?4. Map - Need bigga map wif moe space on dem.Oferall♥♥♥♥♥♥dope."
76561198061408720,Not Recommended,466560,30569321,Posted: 17 March,all,Miss Distress,"It's a poop game without a cash shop.By poop game I mean an app on your phone you only use when pooping.If you enjoy cash shop poop games then I reccomend it. (It's the equivalent of any war app on your phone minus a cash shop)If you like to feel a little more unique as an individual player and like you have choices that matter then I don't reccomend it. Wash.Rinse.Repeat game.. same thing over and over. Not unique or original in any fashion.  It's a retitled game with a facelift nothing more.The title screen has beautiful art for race selection, then the quirky all male cast of the rest of the world is meh... You don't breed with women or make political decisions, apparently women didn't exist at all or anyone not white. it's very basic... It's 2017 and still contouring games to only white males. I heard a rumor there would be more diversity planned, will see.I'll believe there will be more to it when I see the updates not when I'm told they will come. I've paid $$$$'s on games that made promises and never delivered why should I put faith in this company and wait patiently while they have my money. Sick of this trend of cash grabbing my money with empty promises. Disapointed I returned it.. Waiting for diversity and that uniqueness they advertise.. I didn't see it.. Just another marketing trick I fell for..Alpha Beta now reads in websters dictionary as = Money grab advertising scheme.Prove me wrong~ Then I'll say I'm sorry.P.S. The at the time I wrote this review there was no mulitiplayer, however the AI substitutes what the game is going to be like with human rivals by racing for land and goals against you. I didn't like feeling rushed by an AI to do land grabbing and expand beyond my food/water/resource limits.  So I tried a game with it turned off. Eh... still didn't like it. Just too simple, like a poop game.  I kept expecting an advertisement pop-up to ask me if I wanted to buy coins so I could purchase more wood to last me through the winter... It's not a unique game. It's a poop app with the cash shop removed."
,Not Recommended,466560,30109763,Posted: 22 February,all,Kaiser_Randall,"I REALLY REALLY wanted to like this game, but I can't... Its just a PVE clash of clans clone trying to act like Banished. I will say the graphics, loading times (or lack there of) are ♥♥♥♥ing phenominal, as well as the GUI scalling to a high DPI display, but the game play is really lacking, and the concept is lack luster as well."
76561197975618585,Not Recommended,466560,30223449,Posted: 27 February,all,relentless43,Feels unfinished and lacking features. I compare this game to Age of mythology which i loved. Pretty much same game play type start with a settlement and build into an empire. AOM had so much diversity and features it makes North Gard look very much like a DLC there is just simply not enough fetures to get me exited about this game. They have the Warchief and thats it no heroes. Game can also be compared to Starcraft which also makes tis game look lame. This game is unfinished and needs a ton of work and also crashes a lot.
76561198134257538,Not Recommended,466560,31811504,Posted: 17 May,all,adi.adiford,BAD
76561198007743819,Not Recommended,466560,32992705,Posted: 29 June,all,SunInShadow,.
,Not Recommended,466560,33781585,Posted: 25 July,all,WoodStock,"Played for one day, Played the whole game. Don't buy this game, go buy something actually fun, go buy PUBG."
76561198244896280,Not Recommended,466560,30172139,Posted: 25 February,all,Nathwrath,it has a virus
76561198064886574,Not Recommended,466560,30108595,Posted: 22 February,all,Toadkiller Dog,"This is a PvE noob friendly game. Everything about it is underwhelming and slow paced. Not an RTS game for someone who likes to build up and destroy other peoples towns/bases. Anyone interested in this game i would recommend just buying the game ""The Settlers"" instead. This game currently only offers single player and there isn't very much content. I would say it is not worth more than 5$."
,Not Recommended,466560,30109424,Posted: 22 February,all,Febfourteen,sh11t game
,Recommended,466560,30395341,Posted: 8 March,all,Tyrone Clay,"Solid release, with a bare-bones gameplay that still manages to be fun. Buy this if you enjoy the city building aspects of banished, the world feel of Warcraft III and a somewhat hands-off, IE low micro, RTS combat system. I would not say that the gameplay constitutes a full game yet but it is a definite minimum workable product."
76561197991976031,Recommended,466560,30399963,Posted: 8 March,all,Joseph Goebbels,"Played 3-4 games, 2 hours each more or less.Pretty fun game to be honest, waiting for the multiplayer.Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,466560,30396227,Posted: 8 March,all,21ECD21,why CANT i get onthe game
,Recommended,466560,30415907,Posted: 9 March,all,Gopo™,"Game's nice but whether you win or not is pretty much decided by how well you can manage your food supplies, which seems the most important resource."
,Recommended,466560,30414967,Posted: 9 March,all,VikingGoth,"One of the better Viking games I've played, and that's coming from a huge Viking mythology/history buff. It's a great RTS, and it took me 6 hours to finally win a game. The terrain gen is nice, but it's RNG effects the gameplay a little too much, and you can tell if you're going to have an easy game or not almost immediately. There are some balance issues, once you get to a certain point with one of the clans you pretty much cant lose. Games usually end before you can enjoy the benefits of befriending the Jotunn. Can't wait for more content. A superficial addition I'd appeciate is female citizens, as it doesn't make much sense that Northmen, who were known for having greater gender equality than the rest of europe, not to have any women visable."
76561198122628911,Recommended,466560,30414635,Posted: 9 March,all,I Am Idaho,In the short time ive owned this game I have had so much fun playing this game! I grew up playing RTS games like age of empires and command of conquer and this game is like that and so much more! If you like RTS games or like nordic themes this is the game for you! Heck even if you dont generally play RTS games i still HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!
76561197961352210,Recommended,466560,30413170,Posted: 9 March,all,Dropkick.ca,This game is alot of fun to play. I wouldn't highly recommed playing in these early stages unless you loved the old settlers and or love vikings and norse mytholigy and need to fill that gap. Great polish though and everything works for the most part aside from selecting units or having to make them produce after they have completed a building... I cant wait to play this when it has finished development. Keep up the good work guys!
,Recommended,466560,30475717,Posted: 12 March,all,the-noob,"Reminds me of Settlers with a bit more control over the military units.Easy to grasp, decent graphics and good gameplay concept.Still, if you are looking for a game to play for days... hold your horses. Campaigns are not there yet nor multiplayer. Probably in a few months time."
76561197992434375,Recommended,466560,30461057,Posted: 11 March,all,Randy Hughes,Cool unique graphics and fun gameplay. Can't beat it for the price either. A lot more of a game than I thought. good buy.
76561198089614140,Recommended,466560,30472721,Posted: 12 March,all,qaaz,nice game
,Recommended,466560,30470669,Posted: 12 March,all,Chrissy Wissy,"So far, this game is like super mad fun. It has so much potential and I am really excited for the future of this game. The only draw back right now (Other than the lack of features.. of course) is the spawn locations. Sometimes you get put right next to someone or even two people, which means you are pretty much screwed. Other than that this game is great, just wish they would put some spawn criteria in."
,Recommended,466560,30463534,Posted: 11 March,all,trashguy,So far this game is great
76561198052251339,Recommended,466560,30480878,Posted: 12 March,all,telthona,"Northgard is an addictive and quite challenging colony building game, with great visuals and nice replayability thanks to variety of clans you can play (each clan has unique traits). Clans have to strugle with seasons, rough winters, some random events (like earthquakes, blizzards etc) danger of the wild, and raids from other factions. The music and audio is fantastic, and its nice to have so many different victory conditions :)Generally the game is original, has some very interesting balance going on, i really love the clan traits, each clan plays and feels really different :) I know there will be even more clans in the future which is great - game is really nice already but I can't wait to see it in its full glory!If i had any suggestions to the developers, I would just say that it's worth to add more creature types and maybe add some more land tiles (with different hues of green and brown for a variety, so its easier to navigate and locate your buildings (most of the tiles now are the same green colour, and when you own more than a half of the island in a late game its hard to recognize where you are cos everything looks simmilar)Also I really like the UI you have now, its really clean and simple, but i would like to have some calendar or a clock, that shows what year it is and what a season it is, so it would be easier to know when to prepare for winter.Also, it's not that obvious how many buildings you can build per tile (later i found this info but its really small and unsignificant, maybe you should make it pop up more?)Also, it wasn't obvious to me that you need to assign sheep to sheepfold. You can hint it somehow, cos I was butchering sheep for a while that didn't need to die :PI encountered some crashes (about 5 of them), but I always expect them on early access so its all good :)"
76561198045513908,Recommended,466560,30512803,Posted: 14 March,all,CRIPTAKRONILITE,Having lots of fun with this game and it's only in Alpha. Can't wait for the full release. SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
76561198334172477,Recommended,466560,30528577,Posted: 15 March,all,Flowkii,Love it
76561198306764687,Recommended,466560,30521606,Posted: 15 March,all,Jhick118,"great game lots of potental to have in this, maybe you could send me a message iv been waiting for a game like this. i would happily share my ideas on this amazing game. keep it up!!"
76561198007426494,Recommended,466560,30514288,Posted: 14 March,all,Lord Snow,"After finishing my first single player match, I have to say that this offering has a lot of potential. The game isn't just fun; it's interesting. With multiple paths to victory ranging from trade to conquest to science/religion, you can pick what kind of Viking chief you want to be. The game's pace is slow at first as your village of Northgardlings struggles to gather enough food and firewood to last its first winter, but as your village grows (along with your rivals') the pace picks up and excitement builds quickly. The artwork and style of the game are beautiful and appealing, the music and atmosphere capture the Viking theme perfectly, and the concepts of the game are easy to pick up. Importantly, failure does not equal defeat in this game. If the Wolf Clan plunders your mining camp and slaughters your honest, hardworking civilians, go and burn his hunting posts and lumber mills to the ground while he replenishes his raiders. You'll see how tough he really is when the winter comes.Pros:Interesting and exciting gameplayBeautiful audio and visual aspectsNumerous paths to victoryMany unique game mechanics, even within strategy genreCons:AI-controlled clans are bloodthirsty, even for Vikings. They will raid your territory despite good relations and preexisting trade agreements. If there is an option for peace, they'll pursue war."
76561197980363998,Recommended,466560,30510907,Posted: 14 March,all,LOKI,"This game has a ton of potential. Unlike so many early-release games, this game is exactly what it should be, an EARLY version of the game that works well (with only a few rare crashes). It is definitely worth the $20. The mechanics are fairly simple to pick up, and each round can vary greatly in terms of difficulty. This feels very much to me in the style of a Warcraft 2 successor, something I have been craving for years. Right now the only game mode involves victory conditions, allowing you to win by completing a knowledge path, claiming certain objectives, etc. After winning you CAN keep playing that map if you so desire. I can't wait to see what the campaign mode looks like as at some point right now the game can lose it's novelty with the one play mode."
76561198090673921,Recommended,466560,30515092,Posted: 14 March,all,a.foxrobinson,This game is essentially kawai.
76561197973395628,Recommended,466560,30646080,Posted: 20 March,all,ThePuritan,A fun RTS with a deep economy. I am looking forward to the full release. well worth the price this game is a pleasure to play.
76561197996923082,Recommended,466560,30657389,Posted: 21 March,all,Syrus,"This is what Settlers 3 should have been.I'am a developer myself, and strikes me back at my nostalgia from Settlers 2 and many hours spent on splitscreen with 2 mouses :)Love it!"
,Recommended,466560,30669079,Posted: 22 March,all,BeaverBites,"Damn good framework, multiplayer will be amazing even if it adds nothing to it, and then there's other possible future types of tiles or different victory conditions.If I were to deliver a small complaint, a pet peeve even, it would be that as soon as someone's employed they bring their resources onto the imaginary conveyor instead of actually delivering stuff, it'd take a bit of work to implement but having people actually have to move their product to a house to cash it in would be great...That is really my biggest complaint currently."
,Recommended,466560,30679743,Posted: 22 March,all,Hellion,"Fun and easy to learn! Smiple yet it has multiple ways of victory, 5 to be exact. Can't wait until this game has multiplayer"
76561198017849659,Recommended,466560,30468248,Posted: 12 March,all,SlimDrake,"Good game fun for what it is, though i love stratagy games so i put it on hardmode first time playing and beat it no problem needs more to it before its a great gamelatest patch hard mode is hard now thanks devs"
,Recommended,466560,30602454,Posted: 18 March,all,gsteigert,"This game has a lot of potential. Fans of Age of Empires and Settlers, like me, are very likely to enjoy it. The graphics are beautiful and it runs smoothly. Sound and music are also very pleasant. The difficulty settings are well balanced.. you'll probably fail the first times playing on normal.At this point the content available is very limited, but it's already fun to play. There is no story at all. We need more military units, buildings and building upgrades, and research items. Unit selection is still poor (I really miss creating groups of units using Ctrl+1, Ctrl+2, etc). Besides that, when you conquer a lot of areas you have to do a lot of scrolling to assing villagers to buildings. I believe these points will be improved in the near future. One thing I was upset about is that there is no modding support. As a modder of other games, I really felt I could add a lot of good stuff there."
76561198331441335,Recommended,466560,30618219,Posted: 19 March,all,bkross96,"Northgard is already an amazing game. It's fresh style gameplay is seamless, strong and is capable of many more great additions in my opinion! I enjoy the more challenging gameplay that most games do not have anymore. I love the game.The only glitch I've encountered is during a game start-up, the loading screen freezes and I have to restart the game. Other than that, it's smooth sailing.I would like to see specialized units for each clan and perhaps a little more balancing on building zones as well as different natural disasters (thunderstorms or floods). I think it would also be cool if Gods were incorporated as playable special champion type units as well."
76561198216389987,Recommended,466560,30186561,Posted: 25 February,all,Salizar Le'Blaine,"Its a fun game that pushes you to create new strategies for each new land and for each AI opponent. I find that its a little too limiting in some areas for how many building there can be, if there could be at least 2 buildings in every area with a max of 5 it would be easier to control happiness, but overall it is a fun game. I can't wait for it to be completed! Multiplayer seems like it will be fun having to strategies against them, so long as it doesn't focus too much on it. I can't wait for the campaing to be out. It talks about fighting the Jotnarr but it wont actually let you fight them, maybe put an achievment to defeating them?..Lots of youtubers just take 1 warriror, go across the border and kill/hurt 1-2 environment troops (Wolves, Valkries, etc.) and then run across their border for healing, with zero nagative outcomes, because the AI doesn't follow the warrior, and it takes the all of the fun out of it because the enemy doesn't heal so anyone can slowly attack the enemy and if any AI does cross the border it will be weakend and most likely be alone as well. Please fix this and make all the environment AI troops (Wolves, Valkries, etc.) in that area follow across the border to continue the fight. Also if there could be a Bear cave to respawn Bears like the Wolf Den, and if the AI Creatures respawned faster even if you have warriors standing in the area so its a struggle until you start Conquering that peice of land."
76561198005621899,Recommended,466560,30452461,Posted: 11 March,all,The Forward,"This game is one the few games that I liked from the first minute I played it. It is very easy to learn how to play the game. Yet it offers nice and interesting features. Some would compare it to Age of Empire 2, others would see it more as a smaller version of CiV. Whatever it might be it is entertaining. Eventough so far there are only 3 clans and not a big variety of warriors it still has a nice replay value.In the future there will be more clans and even a campaign mode. I personally look forward to see how the multiplayer will work. Many people might not be sure if it worth to purchase a early access game that is still under construction, but believe me: The money you spend will be worth it."
,Recommended,466560,30452212,Posted: 11 March,all,Birdie,"The game is quite interesting, can't wait for the campaign and the multiplayer to come out."
76561197988389641,Recommended,466560,30457725,Posted: 11 March,all,Giblets,"This is a great game so far with lots of potential.  I like the choices that were made to kind of slow down the RTS style allowing strategy to develop. For instance, you need to ""scout"" the regions around you before you can colonize them and build new strutures. You can't just build warriors and rush to conquest, you need to develop your settlement and build infrastructure to survive the winter storms first and foremost. The seasons in this game, random attacks, and survival events that go on are pretty cool.It's a fun and refreshing RTS. Looking forward to see how this game continues to develop!"
,Recommended,466560,30457273,Posted: 11 March,all,Dogg,This is a great game so far. The music is very calming and the game play fun. Needs some more expanding on some of the ingame charators and after 3-4 hours you reach the limits of the game. So far so good. Keep the updates coming. Look forward to multiplayer.
76561198016078821,Recommended,466560,30491007,Posted: 13 March,all,Troikarr71,I love this game but I wished it has a sandbox mode where you can enjoy the game for much longer. The stone and iron resources depleted too fast and you have to end the game rather soon.
,Recommended,466560,30473760,Posted: 12 March,all,Lennie,"Many games in their Early Access stages aren’t worth the money that’s being asked for them. Northgard however, in my opinion, is worth the asking price already. That isn’t to say that it can’t be improved. Absolutely every game in existence could be improved in some way and Northgard is by no means an exception. However it’s already got the same level of content as many larger, fully developed games have. In some ways, I actually prefer this game to a fair amount of Triple A games out there. Northgard opened up and the first thing that I noticed is that it looks very professional. It looks like a fully finished game that a large company could have designed. The menus are easy to navigate, and everything is clear. It currently has no way of customising key bindings that I can find, but that isn’t an issue for me as the controls seem pretty standard and were what I was expecting. It’s not very demanding for my computer to run at all I get a solid 50-60fps. The graphics are minimalistic, but that works in favour of the game. Most RTS games are fairly cartoon-like and their graphics are meant to be a bit fun. This is definitely something accomplished in Northgard. I think the art style is incredibly fitting for the game. A lot of people go for hyper-realistic when it doesn’t greatly suit the game however they know what they wanted with this and they got a good result. I like the music in this game. It adds something that improves the gameplay a lot.As far as the setting goes, it’s quite refreshing to see a game based on Norse mythology. There aren’t many out there and there are even less of them that are Real-Time Strategies. I think there is still a lot to be desired in the gameplay though. A lot of the time, it’s just luck as to whether you’ll do well or not. If you start off nearby to 2 enemies, you are going to be destroyed fairly quickly and even if you don’t get taken out, you’re other enemy has spent time building a stable system and has likely gotten halfway to a trade victory or wisdom victory. I think spawning needs to be a bit more balanced because sometimes you have an unfair advantage/disadvantage and that makes the match less fun. The tile system can sometimes be a bit of a pain as well. The entire match is set on tiles which make the game interesting because you have to scout ahead to be able to expand at all, but they also add an element of annoyance into the game. You can only place a set number of buildings per tile and I’m pretty sure it’s a near-random number between 1 and 5 that determines the building count. This was likely added as a way of forcing expansion to stop people from turtling, so it’s a good idea for that reason, but I was taken aback by it when I wasn’t able to place buildings without spending a large amount of food on a new bit of land.I really like the fact that domination isn’t your only route to victory, but rather you can have wisdom, trade, fame, and whatever appears on the map help you to achieve victory as well. Not only do I think that’s a great idea, but you can enable and disable them for the different matches so you can make more interesting games.Overall, I think this game is great because it hasn’t tried to do too much too quickly. It’s a nice economy-building game and it gives you a fair amount of choice as to what sort of match you want to have. I like that no unit is less important than any other so there’s a lot of balancing involved in unit assignment.In the future, I’d quite like to see the game progress so the matches don’t take place on an island, but instead maybe have Viking Longboats to take units between different lands.I’d give this game a 9/10 as an Alpha, but in comparison to fully developed games, I’d award a 7/10."
,Recommended,466560,30484577,Posted: 12 March,all,Spath21,"This is a fantastic combination of classic Age Of Empires with Banished. The zone game mechanic is an interesting and unique approach and will force you to rethink your strategy over and over again. Each game is different, and requires a different strategic approach.There is an element of combat in the game, however, unlike a game such as AOE this is not the main focus. While combat plays a part in the game (you can achieve victory by dominating the other clans), it still allows you to focus on resource management, without being overwhelmed with fighting wars.The art style is beautiful and for an early release, the game already feels very polished and complete. I cannot wait for more updates from the developers. If you like strategy/resource management games that will give you a challenge, and an unique approach each time you play, this is an absolute must have!"
76561198085573870,Recommended,466560,30492539,Posted: 13 March,all,Surprised Doggo,"I honestly am a sucker for RTS games and when Northguard popped up in my store recommendations it caught my eyes immediately, I bought it and started playing. My first game I didn't do so good because they really don't give you any tutorial on how to actually play the game you kinda just play and figure it out on your own but once I got the hang of it I was doing pretty good. There are multiple ways of winning a game and you can even choose certain ways that you want to win. They also have a winter system where when winter hits you use more resources so it makes you really have to keep an eye out on how your resources are doing. In the single player you can play against 3 other opponents on a randomly generated map but imo I feel the maps are a little too small I end up hitting the border of another clan in the first 3 tiles leaving me with only a little room to expand i hope the maps get bigger in future updates.  The clans all have their own unique abilities to them as well. Graphics and visuals are the best I've seem in a RTS in a while as well. Also the ""Lore"" system which is basically your upgrades for your clan overall is nicely made up. There's more I can say but overall this game isn't a bad game I'm excited for what is coming in future updates and can't wait to spend more hours on this game!"
76561198147117346,Recommended,466560,30627436,Posted: 19 March,all,DP,"Beautiful visuals, and gameplay! Surprisingly bug free for an early access!!! Great work developer!!There's only one mode available right now (Single Player), and its thoroughly enjoyable. I can see this going on to become a very addictive game.Its a strange mix between Age of Empires, Settlers and Civ Games, based as Vikings!Will play some more and see how it goes."
76561198039269961,Recommended,466560,30622147,Posted: 19 March,all,Taikanz,"Absolutely beautiful, a nice blend of strategy and survival with a well developed theme. Each play through has a different way to play depending on your location, starting clan and unique variables on the map.If it wasn't for the greyed out Campaign and Multi-player I wouldn't even notice it was early access. From what i've seen it's being actively updated. Most games I play for a short while and never revisit but almost every weekend I like to hop in for a quick game or two of Northgard."
76561198259573466,Recommended,466560,30630679,Posted: 19 March,all,Cold_Surge,"this game has alot of potential but it needs more type's of warriors. and buildings, the maps are fun but get boring after a while"
76561198041165169,Recommended,466560,30784526,Posted: 27 March,all,crystall666,great fun so farcan't wait for the rest of the game to be developed
,Recommended,466560,30766934,Posted: 26 March,all,Ausdragon|Youtube,"Truly AMAZING game! Completed the first 16 achievements in 20hours (before they released the new ones now 34) and have loved every moment of it, streaming to my twitch and uploading youtube videos about it. Can't wait for multiplayer and campaign to come in and nice to see the creators taking in the comments and suggestions from people to help better their game. Early access or not it's well worth the money. Keep it up Shiro Games!About the game:If you enjoyed playing Age of empires, Civilization, Total war & so on when you were younger then this is the game for you!At this current stage there is no multiplayer, no campaign, but being an early access game and having these two features as ""coming soon"" it will be great to see what happens when they are added.Problem i had when i first started out was figuring out the game and how to play it. Although there is a brief text guide when you first start a map there is not much there to tell you how to play. But of course any smart person would start up against easy bots learn the game and work your way up to hard ones like i did.The game has great potential to go places! I believe it does not need to recieve negative reviews at such an early stage (being on steam for a month and in early access). Of course the developers and the makers are going to continue adding in new features. They are already listening to the gamers reviews and twitter tweets to help better their game.What i would like to see added..Possibly the feature to choose what clans you can play against. Would be nice to try verse 3 other wolf clans to see how well you go against strong military units.I would rate this game a strong 8/10 with the addition of multiplayer/campaign and few other upgrades it will be easily a 10/10 game that i will continue to enjoy for many more hours to come."
,Recommended,466560,30688368,Posted: 23 March,all,CяeeP,It's like a hybrid of 70% Civilization 5 and 30% Age of Mythology. There are build limits per area and the maps are procedurally generated so there's a unique challenge every time. 8.5/10 if you like RTS games.
,Recommended,466560,30698440,Posted: 23 March,all,Salayer,"Very fun game. Yes it is Early Access, but the devs have a very fun game they're creating. It is quite difficult as well. I did lose my first game, but I had a lot of fun playing it. Micro-managing is very important. I can't wait to see what they add to the game.Pro+Excelent game playIt makes sinceStrategy GameCons -Early AccessNo multiplayer(yet)So far for an early access game, I have no complaints these devs have something great brewing."
76561198045735996,Recommended,466560,30699190,Posted: 23 March,all,Beautiful Gorgeous,"Very engaging, and it's still missing a lot more features! Can't wait till this gets done"
76561198008166543,Recommended,466560,30698247,Posted: 23 March,all,Manifest,"Love it! Games aren't monstrously long, which is a refreshing change for a game in this genre."
76561198027024527,Recommended,466560,30135013,Posted: 23 February,all,Von Christen,"I absolutely love this game, when it comes to RTS games the thing I enjoy most is the base building and economy management and Northgard really gets these two rights. I really like that instead of creating units you have to use your villagers recourcefuly by assigning them different jobs within your clan.The way you explore and uncover new areas of the map is interesting and exciting, by scouting you will remove the fog of war and area by area and slowly expand the map. Each new area can only sustain a certain number of buildings and sometimes has points of interest or useful recources.I like the season thingy were summer changes to winter and sometimes you'll get events that will have a negative effect on your clan so you will have to prepare for it by stocking up on recources. That is gonna have an effect on your playthrough, for example it may pause you from expanding your territory becasue now all of the sudden a harsh winter is coming and you have to stock up on food and fire food to survive it.The combat is very basic in this game at the moment as it is, it's basically the one that got more dudes that will win. You'll have to assign villagers as warriors to clear out hostile creatures from areas to colonize them and defend them from invading clans and the occasional wolf or draugr. And of course take land from other clans as your need for expansion raises.Really enjoying this game so far and I'm really looking forward to seeing it improve over time!"
76561197971511315,Recommended,466560,30686929,Posted: 23 March,all,Kinray,Like in good old times.... but with Vikings !
76561198074655070,Recommended,466560,30529365,Posted: 15 March,all,AriGoldKenobi,it has a good shape for early access game..i cant wait for multiplayer update and new clans..
,Recommended,466560,30687813,Posted: 23 March,all,ctkulmi,"Excellent game, the best RTS/Strategy in recent memory. Great variation between factions and randomly generated maps keep it fresh, I'm always excited to load in and see what I have to work with.  Worth the Early Access purchase."
,Recommended,466560,30111016,Posted: 22 February,all,bruce_honeyman,"Game is alot of fun, was looking for something similiar to age of empires and this didnt disappoint."
,Recommended,466560,30752163,Posted: 26 March,all,P0rtalSh0oter,"I've played this game for about 5 hours now, and I've really enjoyed it. I do think that the trade victory is too easy to get, since I've won 2 games (one on Easy and one on Medium) and won by trade both times, even though I was militarily getting stomped by two of the other clans, because I had +17 gold (traded 1 stone for 12 gold) it was easily winnable. When I was playing on Easy, I wanted to get a lore victory, but won by trade anyway. This time, I was concentrating on gold and I won anyway.TL:DR, If you want to win, just focus on Lore (which gives you advantages over the other clans) and gold, which allows you to buy other resources if you need them. I do think this could be a great game if the other victories are made easier or trade is made harder."
76561198118759096,Recommended,466560,30749573,Posted: 26 March,all,Ekko Gaming,"Amazing game even tho i dont know why it doesnt run smoothly on my pc but the game itself is amazing with tons of new ideas and being soo realistic ... just wow ( btw sry for bad english )If you love strategy games, building and stuff etc .... then you should buy this game . I cant wait for multiplayer!!"
,Recommended,466560,30778344,Posted: 27 March,all,Dreadnaught614,"Phenominal game, although very much room to go as far as gameplay goes, this is a game to follow."
76561198037078251,Recommended,466560,30778538,Posted: 27 March,all,Professor Chaos,"Solid game so far feels polished already,  excited for a story and multiplayer that is for sure. Good work on this one devs"
,Recommended,466560,30699548,Posted: 23 March,all,pasisti,"Even though the game is in early access and clearly more stuff will be added until release, I haven't really encountered any bugs, it runs smooth and overall it feels like a released game."
76561198021884011,Recommended,466560,30697094,Posted: 23 March,all,xxx,"Good game. I wish the maps had more variety, I think it's just a single big map. It would be nice to have islands and some viking ships. The game has almost nothing to do with vikings, it's a 4x game with a viking theme and names. But it could just as well be from the Old Testament, or even the Stone Age."
76561198152598595,Recommended,466560,30705415,Posted: 24 March,all,KarloVacko,Was waiting such a game like this for a long time. Thumb up!
76561198003123407,Recommended,466560,30859747,Posted: 31 March,all,nokiavelly,Looks nice and cute. Fun to play. Looking forward to campaign missions.
,Recommended,466560,30844971,Posted: 30 March,all,Skeleton Jazz Wizard,I give the game a solid 7.5/10Pros- Good replayable RTS- Extremely Balanced Systems- Nodes aren't unlimited (Personal Preference)And  there are plenty of other great things about it.Cons- AI EXTREMELY aggresive.- Its extremely hard to win any victory other than military.Overall its still a pretty good game.
76561198051594515,Recommended,466560,30829780,Posted: 30 March,all,KoV,I liked it when I bought it and with latest patch the new clan of the raven and some of the other changes I like it even better I am hopefull for multiplayer more clans units achievements etc already worth the money so better buy it ;)
,Recommended,466560,30828232,Posted: 30 March,all,Rich King Jo,If you like sttler you gonna like this game!
,Recommended,466560,30946648,Posted: 4 April,all,PhantomPuppy,"Pros:No bugs so farRelatively good graphicsTakes weather and AI animals/enemies besides enemy clans into account, which is pretty coolEntertaining gameplayCons:Limited voice samples at the moment (oi. o-o-o-o-o-oi. oi.)Class variations don't seem to have that heavy of an impact ourside of the first 5 minutesLimited game modes at the moment, which I understand will be worked on in later patchesNo tutorial (again, future patches)Overall, I really think this game has a lot of potential for future development and I'm looking forward to how it will look when finished."
,Recommended,466560,30950043,Posted: 4 April,all,-CML-kamerosa,"I recommend but with reservations.  The game clearly is inspired by Settlers and has pulled in some gameplay twists that have worked for other games (Winters from Endless Legend).  But as of now, that's about it.  There is little complexity to the game and the current systems need considerable balancing.  After one successful playthrough, I'm not all that interested in running it again.The core game looks promising and I'm willing to wait and see what comes of it in the next year. But unless you are willing to make a similar gamble, probably best to hold off."
76561198011259975,Recommended,466560,31282641,Posted: 21 April,all,JEZoFSub,A little The Settlers 3 feeling .....very nice game! I wish playing with more players than 4 would be possible -> 6-8?
,Recommended,466560,31279772,Posted: 21 April,all,smeagol swartzeniger,"Excellent!It's a nicely done strategy/building/RTS game in the Vikings era.To summarize the game with plus and minus:Pros:SimpleIntuitiveWell made Strategy/RTS/BuildingEnvironment and visualsAtmosphericVikings eraCons:A little bit pricy for 380MB gameI would recommend this game, because even in EA this is great and has some amazing potential."
,Recommended,466560,31280014,Posted: 21 April,all,needor,Fun Game with Huge potential
,Recommended,466560,31316517,Posted: 23 April,all,KosalaUbayasekara,"Enjoyable, challenging, surprising and well made. Great graphics and sound to go along with the gameplay."
76561198065013133,Recommended,466560,31312718,Posted: 22 April,all,Find match forever,this game is good just buy and play it. you will never misss your paid
,Recommended,466560,31299707,Posted: 22 April,all,beecho01,Love this game! It's so intuative to play. The cartoon-y features and lore make it a really fun game. I love my Startey games and this is definetly one i would come back to! hope to see more in the campaign!
76561197970357229,Recommended,466560,31262853,Posted: 20 April,all,Serrasalmus,"I dont write many reviews, but I felt this deserved some attention.I put this game off as I dont tend to like ""cartoon"" style graphics. However, a rainy Sunday I made the purchase.I found this game a little hard to get used to...but it dawned on me. Once you have the basics, this is a masterpiece. No idea if the balance is accidental or on purpose, but it just so happens to have an almost perfect difficulty curve.The MAP can be mean and place you away from any decent resources....but no position cant be won. The game is harder second time around as you REALLY have to choose your initial buildings well, or you have a wait a while to get what you need.Its very clever, looks nice and can REALLY absorb your time, there is always something to do.It is a tiny bit like the settlers 4, but a ""dumbed"" down version in terms of resources, but actually ends up a more fun game. I didnt realise until buying that there are ""zones"" you need to first scout, then claim. This gets expensive, but food in this game is EVERYTHING. Even when dominating a whole map, you dont need more than 2 woodcutters.I lose a couple of hours at a time in this game, without me knowing it, and that doesnt happen often....thats a great compliment to the game.All in all, DONT hesitate, this is a lovely, easy going game that does get TENSE at times. The Tremor/Earchquake feature is crap - just an irritant as you just mend all your buildings. The sickness after a cold winter and no wood is much better executed and can really cause you an early game problem.Buy the game...its worth it and it seems the developers have a real ongoing interest and passion for the game.very good - its 4.5 our of 5 for me !"
,Recommended,466560,31233902,Posted: 19 April,all,Kynid,This is a entertaining RTS in a Viking setting. While it is still in development its actively being worked on and the updates are good. If you enjoy RTS's and/or a Viking setting for your games this one is worth the money.
76561198121014823,Recommended,466560,31211986,Posted: 17 April,all,FANG,"those who like city building,Medieval age and strategy game"
,Recommended,466560,31249486,Posted: 19 April,all,SamuraiBrack,"For an Early Access game, this RTS is fantastic and is showing lots of upward potential.Multiplayer is coming out soonish. I prefer the old school campaign style of Warcraft I/II, but this is obviously something of interest and they appear to be focusing on it.There is a campaign gameplay clearly intended as it is ""greyed out"" via mode selection (as is multiplayer), so this really only leaves single custom match - but do not let that fool you! The game has served many matches worth of fun.Graphics (6/10) - nothing to write home about. The environments are clearly a priority with artistic direction, characters are a bit cartoony, and buildings are somewhere in between.Gameplay (8/10) - the gameplay is peculiar with this one... the combat is lackluster, this alone will not give it a 10/10. But what surprised me was the strategy behind a successful game. The game is layed out like a hex style board (much more fluid boundaries, but similar premise). Expanding your territory by spending resources, but those resources are necessary to get you through the winter. Within each ""hex"" is a limited number of building allotments, so you might only be able to place 1 building, or maybe 3 buildings. Add in the modifier that might provide bonuses to a specific type of building (like increased lumber production).Overall (7/10) - super impressed with what is already released. This is a keeper, and while might not be totally worth $20; i expect a few updates with improvements/additions will surely make that a justifiable price. I splurges because i wanted something new and I have a soft-spot for RTS's... i was not disappointed for the little title that it is."
76561198115484799,Recommended,466560,31225600,Posted: 18 April,all,herlajis,is it fixed for windows 10 ?
,Recommended,466560,31243861,Posted: 19 April,all,Noxious Mist,"The game play is similar to Age of Empires but a bit more simple. So far I have enjoyed it. Just remember that as of this review the game is still in early access so there are some bugs. I haven't gotten through one game yet because it keeps crashing. Once all the bugs are ironed out I believe it will be quite fun, but for now I would suggest you hold off on buying it untill the final version is out."
76561197972464114,Recommended,466560,31342780,Posted: 24 April,all,b|ngo,"Awesome game, hopefully you guys put some more stuff inside! I really like it! But how can I have the sheep thingy? thats OP!"
76561198138119562,Recommended,466560,31351731,Posted: 24 April,all,Le bonk,Northguard a very fun game with a lot of reaplay ability and it runs very good on my not so good computer. I only get lagg spikes when it changes season. But the anoying thing is that it crashes so offten when you're loading into the game and it is so aggrowaiting. But the other negatives is that when you have played every clan you feel bored so I hope the 5:th clan will make me come back for more and the campaign mode also. But I still recommed it if you like RTS and it is hard because the map changes.
76561198005720599,Not Recommended,466560,31352154,Posted: 24 April,all,slayan,I know that this game is in Early Access but I was hoping for more that a bad copy of The Settlers. I hope that the game can make a change and get better or you would be better off just playing one of the l;ike games that cost next to nothing on this service
,Recommended,466560,31353571,Posted: 25 April,all,Widdleguy,Great game so far! I see its potential and look forward to more content!
76561198004677368,Recommended,466560,31073089,Posted: 10 April,all,Red_Eclipse,Great game. I cant wait to see more from it.
76561198080250948,Recommended,466560,31075056,Posted: 11 April,all,Antarus,Very amazing game brought me back to good games like the settlers its a less complex civ game basically absolutely perfect for the relaxed gamer to have fun and very well done graphics so glad i bought this game
76561198378975125,Recommended,466560,31086861,Posted: 11 April,all,howlingmaddy,"Simple, fun."
76561197961303216,Recommended,466560,31107402,Posted: 12 April,all,Hjorten,"I saw the advertising. I saw a person play it on youtube. I bought it.Realy like it. Can't wait for future updates.What i'm missing so faar.Being able to scroll around in the view. See the world from all sides.Campain or even player build campainBeing able to get more mines.Being able to explan an area you already have, to be able to build more buldings.Being able to fish from harbor. upgrade it for more ships.Ship combats.Hope they come with updates fast. Keep up the good work developers."
76561198057933906,Recommended,466560,31064387,Posted: 10 April,all,Orlando Broom,For an EA game it is surprising fluid. It is lacking alot of content right now but I'm sure that's soon to change when multiplayer is perfected.diedduringablizzard/10
76561198166346901,Recommended,466560,31093877,Posted: 12 April,all,Kloby,Great RTS! For early access good job... waiting for campain and mupltiplayer. just keep updating :)
,Recommended,466560,31092911,Posted: 12 April,all,Capt Charly,"Very Fresh! nice graphics, easy to pick up and rapidly satisfying and addictive. make you think of Settlers/AoE. Very polished EA. Can't wait for full game release and the ton of additionnal content. MP will be super fun."
76561198057021515,Recommended,466560,31115317,Posted: 13 April,all,alex12311,Fun game
76561198136878954,Recommended,466560,31110476,Posted: 12 April,all,Royale,"add more variety of attack, ie archers, spears, defences too, walls maybe. The game is overly repetitive and the happiness system kind of ruins it imo"
76561198037350870,Recommended,466560,31123900,Posted: 13 April,all,Luna,"Great little RTS if you like Settlers, all achievements gained in 30 hours, waiting for multiplayer now.There are different factions and they have different perks and buildings.Random map generation.Not too shabby."
76561198049527586,Recommended,466560,31123706,Posted: 13 April,all,piritskenyer,"I absolutely love it!Found the game by accident, thought I'd try it out, sucked me right in. Please please please keep on being awesome."
,Recommended,466560,30262949,Posted: 1 March,all,Celebrimbor,"First off, I want to start off by saying I have had a great time playing this game. I used to play games like Age of Empires and Age of Mythology back when I was a kid, and this brings back some nostalgia. Overall, the gameplay, graphics and soundtrack are very satisfying even for an Early Access Game.Pros:-Graphics are crisp and clean, with a very unique feel.-Gameplay is engrossing and I enjoy the territory system where you are only allowed to build a certain amount of buildings in a given territory, I feel this increases the level of strategy on where to place your buildings.-Surrounding areas on start up change you style of gameplay and strategy as you must adjust to the resources that are around you. Each territory provides an advantage to colonizing it and provides certain resources that you need in order to progress with your civilization.-Season changes create scenarios in which you must make sure you have your resources allocated correctly in order to survive. Winter increases the consumption of wood to keep your villagers warm and decreases the amount of food production so you must prepare in advance.-Random events such as blizzards and earthquakes provide scenarios that you must be prepared for in order to thrive.-Clans seem to be rather unique and have their own advantages/disadvantages.Cons:-Game lags out from the transition to summer to winter and from winter to summer.-Lack of military units makes combat very linear, would like to see introduction of more units and maybe introduction of clan specific units.-Victory conditions seem way too easily achievable. I never even get a chance to win by domination because the other victory conditions are always achieved by accident before I can even wipe out other clans. This always leads to me clicking the 'keep playing' button because I feel like I had just started and was no where near achieving victory.-No game modes that allow you to choose what victory conditions are available. This would be especially useful in multiplayer I feel because some of the victory conditions are just too easy.-Not much depth to the gameplay, wish there was more upgrading features with both the buildings as well as the villagers. A leveling system of some sort would also make the game much more addictive.-No campaign and multiplayer at the time of writing this review but the developers stated this will be coming soon.-Only three current clans but this is also something the developers stated they will creating more of in the future.All in all, I would recommend this game to my friends. If you are a fan of RTS games or are just looking for a new game to get into. At this time of review, at only ~$17.00 I believe I have already gotten my money worth and the developers are supposedly coming out with more content within the coming months. This game has a lot of potential and I am excited to see where it leads. I hope this information helps the development of this game."
,Not Recommended,466560,30228310,Posted: 27 February,all,quidgy,"I would recommend this game as it is, however it needs to develop quickly if it wants to retain a playerbase. I've done two playthroughs, one normal and one on hard, and won both easily. I might play once more, just to try the third clan, but that will be it until more features are addedUpdate 28/02/17: Finished third victory on hard. I was leading in all the victory conditions and could have won in any but chose to forge the Sword of Odin. Way too easy.Update 02/03/2017: Changing this review to a thumbs down. As it is, at this price, the game is too shallow to recommend. In my opinion the devs should have waited a bit longer before doing their early access release. This plays more like a mobile game than a PC game.Positives:- Clans- Cute graphics- Intuitive gameplay- Vikings- Great sound effects- Multiple victory conditionsNegatives:_ Clans are too visually similar- Too easy- Lacks depth and replayability- Lack of unit variety and customisation"
76561198134734543,Recommended,466560,30266343,Posted: 1 March,all,Jcbrowne16,Age Of Empires 4?
76561198251189030,Recommended,466560,30263626,Posted: 1 March,all,KungFu_Grizzly,"I like it very much, great game"
76561198017473066,Recommended,466560,30145712,Posted: 24 February,all,Pvt. Church,"Very fun city building game.I really appeciate the effort the devs put in to maintain an exeptionally consistent tone. Everything from visual style, to the voice lines, to the music paints the perfect picture of Pioneer Vikings.For Early access the game is increibly fleshed out, as well.That said, there are some changes I'd like to see.Mostly, I'd like to see more options per game. Things like Map Size, research speed, etc. That sort of thing. As things are now, the games move almost too quickly.Additional notes:The ""Events"" should be randomized to an extent. As it stands, once you learn the order, you can just plan each of your games around them.Edit: apparently they are randomized. It's simply that the first 3 games I started, they happened to fall in a particular order.Also, the rat infestation really shouldn't be one of the earliest ones you get, as it's the only one that requires an upgraded Town Hall. It basically forces you to rush to get the upgrade so you can build the silos.Finally, on Normal, the AI simply doesn't build enough troops. A single Warchief with an upgraded training hall can basically dominate the entire map.Still, it's a hugely enjoyable game in its present state and I heartily recommend it."
,Recommended,466560,30153576,Posted: 24 February,all,SLUMPH,"This game is a fun RTS that is a bit more of a relaxed paced than a lot of RTS's, it feels a little like settlers yet it has very modern and fluid gameplay. Beware the game is only in Beta at the moment yet plays awesomely already. You can currently play skirmishes as 1 of the 3 available clans with up to 3 AI opponents. The price point is decent as it is an indie title yet I still think it is a steal for what it will develop into.At release there will be a campaign and further clans. The game is fun and I'm sure I'll get many more hours out of it before release, I'm very excited to play the full release game and hope they continue to add and interate - because the potential is huge."
76561198005441646,Recommended,466560,30155556,Posted: 24 February,all,derp.headsh0t,"People that give bad reviews due to a game not having depth/polish don't understand what early access is.Anyway...this game shows a lot of promise. In its current state its pretty fun, but you can definitely tell it will be a lot better once the game is finished. The game is rather simple for a ""civ management/rts"" game but the setting paired with the gameplay definitely make up for any shortcomings. Definitely worth checking out if the setting and/or gameplay interest you.+Viking setting+Different Clans+Graphics (not in the sense that they are jaw droppingly awesome, the style is just cool)+Events & Season cycle+Exploration is done the best way I have seen in a civ-management game-only 3 types of military units (1 of which is specific to a single Clan)-crashes occasionally (1/5 games)-AI is kind of meh. Not stupidly easy but also not difficult. Also, having good relations with an AI clan doesn't stop them from trying to take your territory (which may be part of the game, but non-Wolf Clans should at least be hesitant to do this)-Victory conditions are a little too easy to come byIf you did not notice, all of the negatives are things that may be corrected by further development."
76561198057158965,Recommended,466560,30163505,Posted: 25 February,all,ItDontMather,"excellent little early access game.  Not a ton of content as of yet, maybe about 4 hours worth of fun here right now.  But what is here is VERY polished and well done.  I expect to see a lot more content rolling out for this game, but I'm really into it so far."
,Recommended,466560,30199792,Posted: 26 February,all,Zanti,Been playing a little bit and I really had fun :) Can't wait to play multiplayer.
76561198069278923,Recommended,466560,32800544,Posted: 25 June,all,aranybuli,This game is highly addictive! Really is a lot of fun. You have to pay attention to you're resources all the time! If you don't it will be your doom for sure. If your into colonization games this is for you!
76561198211435061,Recommended,466560,32796978,Posted: 25 June,all,Peloris,should cost maybe $10 but fun game
76561198034547672,Recommended,466560,32782026,Posted: 25 June,all,King Aerys II Targaryen,"Would I recommend Northgard? Yes- because of the looks, No- because its so dam hard even on normal for a veteran RTS player just cause mother nature likes to kill you in this game.Hard as *BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP* looks stunning but you'll need a youtube guide to even exist in this world for 20-30 minutes and when you do the enemy will be more than happy to kill you.If you expect an age of empires like experience its not.this is a much different game where you'll mainly have 3-6 guys in your army wich you have to use carefully to squize every bit of profit from them where you can. But uhm really, its not what I expected so ♥♥♥♥ me."
,Recommended,466560,32849119,Posted: 27 June,all,[2tesGFR] Palette Lannister,"Excelent Game - Even in Early Access.You can choose one out of four clans and every clan brings its own playstyle. Then you have to build a settlement and let it grow by building new houses. In some regions there are resources only can be produced by building the fitting special building (Mines for regions with iron/stone).Allthough the game lacks a bit of variety because in this stage of early access there is only the ''free game'' mode, but according to the main menu there will be a campaign.It's great fun to play even if the rivaling clans are quite annoying.I'd like to see some kind of a Diplomacy system with non-agression-pacts, alliances and trade agreement which grant extra gold for trading.I really do recommend this game to all fans of real time strategy and fans of the Civilizations games because it reminds me of Civ V."
76561198068556237,Recommended,466560,32845124,Posted: 27 June,all,enrique0072,this is a fun game it reminds me of age of mythology
76561198070413486,Recommended,466560,32849513,Posted: 27 June,all,RonEmpire,"Very cool game.       Definitely recommend getting this.Real Time Strategy with some actual strategy requirements to win.Combination of Settlers online,  Warcraft, Age of Empires,  Risks and Settlers of Catan (board game mechanics).Very Fun to Play."
,Recommended,466560,32855380,Posted: 27 June,all,Shaddowofadream,"Amazing RTS game, that seems to blend the best part of board-games with Real-Time Strategy.Really nicely polished despite being in Early Access... 10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,466560,32855209,Posted: 27 June,all,Arcounter,The game is super fun. It looks kinda cut and the gameplay just feels right for such an base-building RTS. It is still in early access but the devs bring new contet to the table very often. In the stage the game is right now it lacks a bit content but that is just a matter of time. 9/10
,Recommended,466560,32914686,Posted: 27 June,all,BadSpeed,Great game but with limited content at the moment!
,Recommended,466560,32883731,Posted: 27 June,all,Ricochet!,PROS:- Mini Civ with the ability of moving your units freelyCONS:- Limited structures and units but HEY it's still an early access game!Overall 10\10 ;) *Editor Choice*
,Recommended,466560,32885156,Posted: 27 June,all,L0nelly,Game is quite good but need more stuff and bit more ballance between clans.Still missing some stuff like puting army in to towers or make it more strong like lvls up.+ v. nice graphic+ quite hard+ playable in this state+ nice stuctures but like writed need more upgrades (poor defence system)+ ...- but confiused with hapines of ppl in city ( spliting regions make no sense)- seasons are to fast - hard to play- stone and iron not much on map- more upgrades of ppl and buildings (like towers - some types)- regions should be more connected not splited with some functions like repair or other stuff[add. more stuff more soon]
,Recommended,466560,32886550,Posted: 27 June,all,Choppytehbear,"The game shows alot of promise, but can be incredibly slow at times."
,Recommended,466560,32893726,Posted: 27 June,all,SaBL- [Hajime],Pizdataya igra
76561197980880659,Recommended,466560,32896348,Posted: 27 June,all,Redinhead,"Great fun, I hope they develope this game even further! I has great potential"
76561198041156547,Recommended,466560,32904175,Posted: 27 June,all,Companion Cuber,"Great game, still pretty difficult even with easy difficulty"
76561198026435730,Recommended,466560,32943702,Posted: 28 June,all,ZvonnE,Wunderbar little game. Plenty of features for repeatability. Reminds me of the settler series.
76561198047686594,Recommended,466560,32944687,Posted: 28 June,all,Hide Hiker,a good early access game
,Recommended,466560,32909032,Posted: 27 June,all,Mongrel Senpai,It's alright.
,Recommended,466560,32910181,Posted: 27 June,all,arima,nice game
76561198068642995,Recommended,466560,32652809,Posted: 22 June,all,N7 Vagabond,"8/10Recomeneded but watch out multiplayer seems like a blast (and it is!)  but it soon boils down to Kill,kill,kill.Winning a ffa.... nope group bash.... This would not be a problem if it was not down to any form of 2v1 combat being impossible to defend against.Against decent players anything other than a domination victory seems unlikely unless someone playing is very incompetent or you get lucky. Often games in the Lobby have all but the dommination victory setting turned off, turning a unique base building/resource management game into a sub par combat game with very good base bulding and resource managment.Some balance changes required yet by far the best early access game I have played!This game is on the right track to being an absolute gem!"
76561198229695300,Recommended,466560,32132204,Posted: 2 June,all,CptFoxButt,The multiplayer is really good i love the fact that you can win by severel ways instead of just conquring the entire map. for early access its really good but there arent a lot of people playing i guess cus its still early accsess
76561198041606900,Recommended,466560,32131751,Posted: 2 June,all,blehboy07,"Played through my first game. There's a little help initially but most of it you learn on your own. Intuitive enough though. Pretty fun game! There's a nice balance of simplicity/complexity to keep it interesting without being overbearing. Graphics are nice, music is good, gameplay is unique enough to keep it interesting. The territory system and random monsters add a nice layor of excitement.It's definitely worth the price and should only continue to get better! We need to support games like this to stop the strategy genre from disappearing."
76561198065527207,Recommended,466560,32134030,Posted: 2 June,all,TheMythLuvin,"i havnt been enjoying games as of late, but this game has restored my faith in simple enjoyable games. i love this game, i wish people wouldnt get so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off all the time. wolf clan is really the only clan that is easy to keep happy.other than the happyness this game is great."
,Recommended,466560,32133839,Posted: 2 June,all,Thirsty_Beige,"Excellent game so far, I'm glad I bought it even though it's early access, the design quality alone is worth it, but the gameplay is also refreshing and engaging.I look forward to seeing a more balanced and polished finished project."
76561198006664316,Recommended,466560,32148180,Posted: 3 June,all,Katsu,"Good game with very nice and smooth graphics, big potential in multiplayer and cozy yet mystic atmosphere of Nordic tales.Try it.And may your clan survive the winter!"
,Recommended,466560,32142670,Posted: 2 June,all,Chunky P,Northgard is a nicely designed real time strategy game with fun and dynamic gameplay.
,Recommended,466560,30265364,Posted: 1 March,all,Alebeard,"Northgard is a great game imo, coming from playing the Age of Empire series for years I was looking for something new and this here was a decent find especially if you're into Norse Mythology, keep in mind it's in EA but I believe it has potential.Pros:+ Decent Graphics+ Great Soundtrack+ Breweries, must have Ale in every game.+ Vikings+ Clans with bonuses+ Awesome Weather/Season System+ Tech TreeCons:- The lack of the variety for the warrior units other types would be nice- No females(adding in later I think)- The cap on building per territory not a huge gripe- Not alot of variety in buildings but I'm sure there will  be more later- Not a whole lot of depth to the game as of now you just build a wheat field and you're done no need of a windmill to grind the wheat to make flour and then a well for water to make the bread for e.gI'll edit the review as the game progressesEdit: Multiplayer has been added along with more troops and females."
,Recommended,466560,32136283,Posted: 2 June,all,The Emperor,"Built my first house, and I love it. It fills my need for a Totem-Tribe-like game."
76561198046928715,Recommended,466560,32135527,Posted: 2 June,all,Brianlord,"This game reminds me of the Settlers or Age Of Empires, yes its that great!"
,Recommended,466560,32125153,Posted: 2 June,all,Elvar,Ég sem Íslendingur get sagt að þetta er forfeðra hermir.ég er líka mjög svektur að nöfnin eru skrifuð vitlaust.það vantar meira um ásatrú. (þori að veðja að þeir nota wikipedia)7/10 ekkert slátur
,Recommended,466560,32145807,Posted: 2 June,all,Valkuma,I've wanted a good RTS for a while.major balance problems right now with the AI but solid.
,Recommended,466560,32152353,Posted: 3 June,all,Dr. Robo,Tiny vikings killing eachother and zombies 10/10
76561198207767472,Recommended,466560,32180358,Posted: 4 June,all,assulter1337,"Northgard is a promising real-time strategy game, with a lot of very interesting mechanics. The game it most reminds me of is Offworld Trading Company mixed with the aesthetic of Clash of Clans. The game is very well-polished for being in Early Alpha, however it is also severely lacking in several regards. For example, there are only three types of ""hazards"" that can appear throughout the year: rats, blizzards and portals. Also, there are some small quirks that need to be looked at such as merchants not being able to switch between different kinds of merchant buildings. Overall, a very cool concept, and worth checking out, but you may want to want until it's out of early access."
,Recommended,466560,32181146,Posted: 4 June,all,Cliffy,Decent for early access
76561198285488919,Recommended,466560,32185005,Posted: 4 June,all,BorderLine personality disorder,awesome gameplay and graphics 9.9/10 cant wait for more clans
,Recommended,466560,32159019,Posted: 3 June,all,Obi,"Easily worth 20 bucks in it's current state. No need to even talk about the future, other then obvious minor fixing of issues need done that only ever arise on the very rare occasion.Easy to pick up, fun to play, going to be here a while trying to master it. Nevermind the endless hours of fun ahead in multiplayer and campaign.Get it! You wont regret it! It's made for a great couple days off thus far!"
,Recommended,466560,32174384,Posted: 4 June,all,Slagcraft,"Really sweet little RTS, reminding me of settlers. I got my money's worth already and can't wait how this one turns out."
,Recommended,466560,32181844,Posted: 4 June,all,jagunlimited81,"AMAZING GAME!! I was a bit sceptical of the reviews, but this game has impressed me in ways I couldn't have imagined.  Jumping right into the game, It made me feel like I was playing an Age of Empires game with a twist.  It had just the right amount of micromanagement AND control, while keeping you from managing every move.You will not regret this purchase if you are a die-hard RTS fan.8.5/10Critique - The games are VERY long and require a lot of attention, BUT they can be saved and resumed later."
76561198102420886,Recommended,466560,32177170,Posted: 4 June,all,Tr33Punch3r1,"Great game 9/10, could use more content though."
76561198020623761,Recommended,466560,32171050,Posted: 4 June,all,oddsock3,"Great game, its a nice game that takes a genre filled with games that can take days to play but manages to make each game take just a little over a hour."
,Recommended,466560,32188301,Posted: 4 June,all,LordDaimos,"Oh my god, the hours just went flying away. Was just gonna test this really quick and 8 hours later I finally manage to quit the game. For an early access game it has a ton of stuff to do, it works flawlessly with nog discernable bugs and no crashes while still looking gorgeous. Just buy this game!"
,Recommended,466560,32188321,Posted: 4 June,all,Rhuse,"A Viking RTS/City Sim Game?! WHO DOESN'T WANT THAT!This game was more polished and fun than what I had expected. I was more surprised that this came from Shiro Games. The guys that made EVOLand I and II. From a top-down RPG to something epic like this?! You can really see the team's talent isn't set lock onto one genre, these guys kickass!I cannot wait for future updates for this game. Hopefully more units, features, and clans will come out. Possible Map Maker and Sandbox mode in the future?Overall I would give this game a 10/10."
76561198071975391,Recommended,466560,32188325,Posted: 4 June,all,Vayga77,"Enjoying the game so far, love the style, gameplay is smooth, fun and not overly complex. Still in early access and can't wait to see where it goes from here."
,Recommended,466560,32173112,Posted: 4 June,all,Kips,This game just feels nice.It's very hard to stop playing and extremely enjoyable. Amazing job for early access.
76561198010061564,Recommended,466560,32171736,Posted: 4 June,all,Bobgrimly,Played 9 hours... been awake for 8. Its good.
76561198044297606,Recommended,466560,32169149,Posted: 3 June,all,ERR_UNKNOWN,"Best game I have played in a long time! Gameplay, artstyle and music is all unique. If the devs create a leveling and progression system for multiplayer and add Linux support like they have mentioned after they go out of early access, this game would be unreal. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,466560,32169014,Posted: 3 June,all,NONdelusional,Great game even in Early Access
76561197968298600,Recommended,466560,32173759,Posted: 4 June,all,kthx,"Promising and fairly entertaining as a prerelease.  But, finishing on hard within a few hours play isn't great.  It's basically the same as the settlers games which isn't necessarily a bad thing but was hoping for more or a bit different.  Graphics are nice.  Barely a recommend given the amount of time I spent on it though.  Haven't tried multi."
,Recommended,466560,32173566,Posted: 4 June,all,DeathGameDev,Great game!
76561198151185969,Recommended,466560,32173625,Posted: 4 June,all,NebenizerScrooge,A good game which combines simplicity along with careful planning and multiple win conditins which offeres both flexible play style and a lot of experimenting adding to replayibility! Great game and lots of fun
76561198089214469,Recommended,466560,32176098,Posted: 4 June,all,Bon,"This game is like civilization and warcraft mixed together game. I really enjoyed playing warcraft and civilization games so yea i really like this game, I recommend this game but I really hope it gets better and give more updates because it still lacks new things"
76561198006448302,Recommended,466560,32178579,Posted: 4 June,all,Ruesty,It's like age of empire and civ had a baby.Things that bother me about the game:1) camra auto tracks to unit clicked. wish i could disable this for tactical reasonsThings i like:1) How long the battles are. it fells right.2) Attacking a clan does require a war dec. i just pisses them off lolThings i would like to see:1) Unit lving.2) Larger maps with more neutrals want stuff. maybe like golam race wanting stone. or a pirate band wanting gold.
,Recommended,466560,32182102,Posted: 4 June,all,The Legitimate Thin Sleazy,"Years into training, my warband finally grew in power enough to vanquish a mighty demon, one that no clan had dared faced before. A four winged, fire-breathing monstrosity; the likes of which would put my name into our runes until the end of time. The day had come, and our men fought valiantly. Amidst a blaze of fire and axes, the beast was felled. Before words of our deeds could reach the other puny clans, the entire universe stood still. The ancient gods spoke with their sundering voice, words that no man shall forget... ""NULL ERROR"".Great little game, it's pre-alpha so occasionally there are game-breaking bugs but it is very playable."
76561198321394190,Recommended,466560,32183540,Posted: 4 June,all,Tomas,yes this game is really goodWhat i like:Graphics:superGameplay:AwsomeControls:simple
,Recommended,466560,32191180,Posted: 4 June,all,nate,if your a fan of RTS games such of rise of nations this is a great game for you.
76561198036731090,Recommended,466560,32189328,Posted: 4 June,all,stephan.empson,Still a work in progress but the each patch improves playability and balance.  Great RTS with a focus on resource management without the 100s of clicks per minute required in similar games.
76561198211257387,Recommended,466560,32190671,Posted: 4 June,all,troybritt201044,played it liked it. and now heres my thoughts. i tried to get a max population got up to 117 and then noticed without a larger map or more food  territorys you are unable to get higher without having 6  markets to buy food to laste a blizzard. it is great has good victory goals. it could use a seperate island for the boss surrounded by territorys full of valkyre would make it more of a challenge. it is easy to win with patience. i would like to see a larger map of some sort. at least to supply more food spawns. i have not tried the multiplayer part yet since i am still figuring out the % boosts other structures have on each other to have a proper build set up for the best produstion. would play it over and over. WORTH THE BUY
76561197998110297,Recommended,466560,32200590,Posted: 5 June,all,mB[o.O],"A nice game I love the design.I like both the Civ and the WC3 games and this seems like a good mix of both.(Yes, this comparison might be off a bit, but I guess its okay in its essence.)Can't wait for more to come."
,Recommended,466560,32510745,Posted: 17 June,all,Hozymebrozy,I have waited decades for something this good to come back into my RTS/Strategy life
76561198031042002,Recommended,466560,32516170,Posted: 17 June,all,polskagrucha,"Still in early access but overall a cool concept relatively original gameplay. For early access very stable. I find it rather too easy, even on hardest difficulty. The military units don't really offer much in terms of diversity. Having a War Chief and warriors is good enough to crush all enemies."
76561198053061752,Recommended,466560,32524340,Posted: 17 June,all,Talon,Game is amazing
76561197964756329,Recommended,466560,32523624,Posted: 17 June,all,BadAceMFer,Great Game. Fun to play. Easy to learn. Its like Warcraft 3 mixed with Civ 6.Excited to see where the devs take it from here.
,Recommended,466560,32552326,Posted: 18 June,all,Jared_Mourz,"A beautiful, fun, and intellectually stimulating game. Highly recommended."
76561198121110035,Recommended,466560,32547747,Posted: 18 June,all,Luis,Game is a hybrid of rts and civ- Harder than it looks. Graphics look great and games are fun to play. Fun multiplayer.
,Recommended,466560,32547710,Posted: 18 June,all,Twitch/Zephtonlekarr,"I must say I am really impressed with this game. Hard is still a bit much for me on this, but I have started playing on hard more often.https://youtu.be/cQzQ3bYybxQA friend recommended the came to me and called a slow paced RTS, which I guess it is, but I find myself always busy doing something.  Frustrated currently, but still recommend the game."
76561198568190896,Recommended,466560,32550729,Posted: 18 June,all,Waxmell,"I love this game. I've already logged considerable time into it, and it's been well worth the money. It's easily the best Early Access game I've purchased. I've encounter next to no bugs. None have been game breaking. The mechanics are simple enough to not overwhelm players new to the genre. Nor too complex to cause incredibly lengthy games. I can usually wrap a game up in an hour or less.The AI is aweful. Combat is clunky and I prefer not to engage in it at all. Since your soldiers and your enemies clump together it makes warring a messy chore. Why is there no warband specific UI like the one's found in Blizzard's RTS games? Something so simple makes a huge difference.The varying clans don't feel much different aside from their perks/talents. The specialized buildings are cool, but not always of significance. Multiplayer could use some work. It feels like I'm playing beside people, not with them. I like the idea of winter, but It's never been punishing. In it's current state it feels like a cheap way to prolong gameplay.This game is a tonne of fun, but it's simplicity ruins it's replayability. However, I do recommend it to new RTS players. It's a fantastic introduction to the genre."
76561198064335812,Recommended,466560,32540595,Posted: 18 June,all,Hif,"So far, well developed game. Easy to get into, and not a lot of problems. Definitely a bright future for this game."
76561198093147531,Recommended,466560,32542796,Posted: 18 June,all,squibtard,"This is an early game with a ton of promise, but it is going to depend on a few things.It s fun and a bit addicting even if it is relatively short.  I do like the graphics and the game play a little bit like a mini Civ without the depth, but with plenty of differences to make it fresh and fun.  There are multiple paths to victory, but your limited character choices pretty obviously determine which way you should go.There is only a single game speed and to pause, I had to hit esc which is fine.  I am sure a speed feature may come in later, or I simply missed it.Until you get the order of the early game you might have a few false starts (like running out of room in your opening land for a scout station...derp), but once you get going it can be fun.  I would work on the trade system as this feels like a space to be imporved later hopefully.I have not attempted multiplayer yet, but can see that being a zerg fest for those using the domination character.  How all of that would impact game play on other characters doesn't seem too pleasant to me, but I am more of a single player or LAN type multiplayer.If you are looking for a game that right now can give you a very fun few hours until conclusion, buy this one it is fun.  If you want something more in depth and extended, I would pass it by for now but keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,466560,32542175,Posted: 18 June,all,[bAkA] Mr. Sable,"So first of all: great game ! Many many very good and fresh ideas. I could go on and on about the quality but let's not waste anyones time, this game has great potential.The only thing that makes me fearful for the durability of the game is diversity. Faction are different but I don't think it's enough. There is very few different building and so the matchs tend to blend in after a while and it gets repetitive. Which is a shame because it's got so much potential.I hope there will be more content for the actual release but it's already a very promising game."
,Recommended,466560,32553391,Posted: 18 June,all,Ol' Snappy,"Game is good.I can't think of any actual bad points about the game, as you can expect most things to be resolved by the fantastic developers before it comes out of early access. The positive points are far too numerous to count so I'll make a statement that should roll it all into a bundle of goodness.The game is fun, addictive, you won't suck at resource management after your first few games, and fighting over a bit of stone can be the most thrilling and pivotal point in the entire game.Some mechanics need touching up, like being unable to run away from Axe Throwers or just kiting a villager around a whole bunch of enemies while your tower picks them off. Buildings being immediately set on fire when an enemy makes contact with them is a bit of a hassle to handle during a blizzard when every villager is valuable.Apart from my few picky points, I'd very much recommend you get this game. It's basically a complete game with a few minor bugs that don't really interfere with your game, but it'd be nice to see them corrected. If you could sit down and play Age of Empires for hours on end, you'll be able to do the same thing with Northgard."
76561198043114744,Recommended,466560,32539310,Posted: 18 June,all,Crowbar,If you liked the old Warcraft games (Not World of Warcraft) then this game is good for you.It runs well and looks decent and actually provides a decent challenge in all the victory modes.
76561198060433751,Recommended,466560,30220553,Posted: 27 February,all,xeen313,"This game ROCKS! Lots of fun with a Settlers or Warcraft vibe, you choose. With the added characters you get a more diverse combat expierence which is totally awesome! Love the playback feature at the end too. So far, the only thing I could request is one or two more upgrade levels or expanded altar choice. VALHALLA!!!"
,Recommended,466560,32457668,Posted: 15 June,all,Smooth.Criminal,FANTASTIC!!!Reminds me of those good old times spending hours playing Settlers and AoE. This game has many aspects that make you think what you should manage in order to handle neutral and enemy units. The seasons mechanics gives you that oportunity to some clutch moves as well. 10/10 as an early access.
76561198196754891,Recommended,466560,32452053,Posted: 15 June,all,Solar_Supernova,Amazing early access game. Easily worth the price
76561197965075640,Recommended,466560,32442968,Posted: 15 June,all,LoneRanger88,"Promising game, worth to check out based on the price. Would be nice if there was more variation between the races/factions."
76561198134256917,Recommended,466560,32442994,Posted: 15 June,all,Cynicalweeb,"I remember seing this on the store page when it came out and I wasn't sure whether to get it or not, but I am a massive fan of anything that is viking or nordic. So when it came on sale, I was like ""♥♥♥♥ it"" and bought the game, and so far it has been one of the most enjoyable RTS colony building game I have ever played. The attention to detail is awesome, from being able to move individual sheep around (trust me it brings a few laughs) to the in depth references to norse mythology. The multiplayer is fun as well, but its better if you play with friends against one another.All in all I would recommend getting this game if you like colony builders or if you are a fan of norse culture. Acutally , even if you're new to the genre I would recommend getting it, its a really comprehensive game."
76561198027915466,Recommended,466560,32441252,Posted: 15 June,all,Murray Cook,"Have really enjoyed this game so far. Essentially bug-free, and though it is lacking in some features, fans of RTS games will have a blast. Great potential, active devs, fantastic for an EA title. Very happy."
,Recommended,466560,32456194,Posted: 15 June,all,Da2in,"This is a very refreshing take on....I don't know how to categorize.  All the best things from RTS and 4x games, but wrapped in a moba skin to keep it simple.  I really love that the mission isn't cleanse, it's do Viking crap.  The idea of winning by economy or awesomeness while some jerk is trying to kill everyone is refreshing and plays out well, even in multi.  Give this dev your money."
76561198170678341,Recommended,466560,32460034,Posted: 15 June,all,lasher2387,Great game
,Recommended,466560,32350513,Posted: 11 June,all,Playl3oY,แรกๆงง พอเล่นเป็นสนุกมาก ข้อเสียโคตรนานกว่าจะจบแต่ละตา ดูดเวลาสุดๆ
76561198074040914,Recommended,466560,30136373,Posted: 24 February,all,1muzikman,Spent my first 3hrs on Northgard when I should have been sleeping for work... Got me hooked already. Excited to see how the campaign mode turns out!
,Recommended,466560,30133649,Posted: 23 February,all,Yajsab,Pretty cool game... Though it is an early access game. I hope to see more units and if possible would love to see special units for each clans. The berserker is pretty op for the Fenrir clan as too the other clans not having any special units is a let down imo.
76561198242337686,Recommended,466560,30155143,Posted: 24 February,all,123,Nostalgia Alert!Buy It!You will love it!
,Recommended,466560,30153901,Posted: 24 February,all,N~,Pro:+Very polished for early access+Vikings+No worthless / inferior units+Vikings+Unique RTS / City Building Concept+Did I mention vikings?+Multiple Win Conditions+Also there are ♥♥♥♥ing vikings.Cons:-No military variety (one standard military unit so far)-Needs more vikings
76561197963380032,Recommended,466560,30158192,Posted: 24 February,all,ManaSky,"With Northgard Early Access means Early Fun. This is the first game I've bought that's Early Access, and I'm very happy with the choice. These developers deserve kudos. Thanks for delivering a really enoyable RTS game!"
76561198062580571,Recommended,466560,30157786,Posted: 24 February,all,HowNowPunCow,"If you are in the mood for an objective based RTS with a few survival elements to it, this will make your day.They are planning to release a multiplayer and campaign, but they are not yet out.Tips: Save food for for winter.Use merchants to spend money to buy goods.Push your reach early and throw up some towers on borders in the later game.Events like blizzards will destroy you if you don't prepare. Starving people can get illnesses that can only be cured by healers. Too many people sick, with not enough healers can lead to widespread death."
76561198052382827,Recommended,466560,30157854,Posted: 24 February,all,Ry Pa,"Needs significant play improvments, looks interesting, dislike the current unit/building 'tax system' (hated WC3).  No recommendations at this point (early release).Note: Multi-variable single player conditions at setup would be great to add such as options to allievate tax options (permit megalomania play)/monster or wolf quanty and attack timing/variable game speed.  Pipeline play isn't fun for strat games."
76561198018089245,Recommended,466560,30156976,Posted: 24 February,all,Nos,"im huge fan of strategy games, you game was build with new level of style, still need to add more and more of new things to build new challenges & adding new options"
76561198106975733,Recommended,466560,30155316,Posted: 24 February,all,Canis Lupus,"So I would recommend this game but only just. Obviously it's early access, and that's probably the reason why I will give it a pass. The game is quite bare bones and there's not too much going on in it. Is it worth the price? Possibly. If they promise a bunch on free updates in the near/not too distant future then I'd say it is worth it. I will say that with a bit of tweaking and a bunch of content added then this could shape up to be a really good game. But for now... buyer beware I guess"
,Recommended,466560,30156143,Posted: 24 February,all,singoolarity,"This game has a lot of potential. It is incredibly fun to play, even if it is a bit simple right now. It would be nice to be able to have more military units and strategy in battles, but it is definitely worth checking out."
76561198046771564,Recommended,466560,30155496,Posted: 24 February,all,sketch*,"For early access, this is a great game. Can't wait to see what they will add in the future. If you are into city builder type games you should definitely check this out."
76561198107795138,Recommended,466560,30155419,Posted: 24 February,all,Champ,"3/5 Starswhile not a bad game you have to remember that it is early access and not much of it isout. Think of it as a very simplified Civ game. I would have waited until the game hadmore content, as the campiagn mode isn't available.P R O SAesthetics are stylized and pleasingGameplay is pretty simpleRounds are short (45 mins to 1.5 hours)C O N SPretty confusing start with no tutorial for new playersLimited resources can upset the balace between teamsMultiplayer unavailableThings I wish I knew before purchasing.the map is made of many small control zones.the control zones can only fit a small number of buildings in each.Doesnt feel like an RTS at all."
76561198009511242,Recommended,466560,30898544,Posted: 2 April,all,Roenick,"Good game, but took a while to figure out that without Breweries everything went very south!"
,Recommended,466560,30145290,Posted: 24 February,all,Chekov's Gun is NOT A GUN,"Just won a wisdom victory, 10/10 would try other win conditions"
76561197990943097,Recommended,466560,30145363,Posted: 24 February,all,hozfidel,"My first review!This is the game i needed. Some sort of rts in style of AoE, Siedler and Civilization!Beautiful animations and addictive gameplay. Build and conquer, get more sheeps :D"
,Recommended,466560,30145435,Posted: 24 February,all,Elithenia,"I've been wanting to get my hands on this game for a few weeks now, since I first found it in a search.Finally getting my hands on it, I was rather pleased that it held up to my expectations. As an avid RTS gamer, I find myself familiar with the working, and find that is easy to get into the game play. As a viking-fantast, I really enjoy how they have taken the northern influences into the game.Obviously as it is early access, there's things that has not been added yet, and things that will change as more and more people are playing. I do however already enjoy it, and am looking forward to see how things will evolve."
76561198134765024,Recommended,466560,30140976,Posted: 24 February,all,Bala,So far from the 4 hours I have played the game is very fun. Cant wait for multiplayer and more content to arrive.I am normally hesistant about alpha's but this seemed like it has potential and it does. Just hope they continue updating and making the game even better.
76561198115569329,Recommended,466560,30141093,Posted: 24 February,all,GrawZ,Good and fun game. Tutorial could be more clear about what to do and not just telling to build stuff. Really exited to see more updates on this game!
76561198027381519,Recommended,466560,30141362,Posted: 24 February,all,fallenbirdman,"This review is for the developers.  I agree with all the positive reveiws about this game.  Below are my thoughts on improvements:-Being able to pause the scout's explore ability would help.-More diverse clans would make the game so much more interesting.-More diverse units within each clan.  Vikings never looked exactly the same.  Individuality in fighting units would be cool.-I found a big glitch with the Gates of Helheim.  If you attack the gates and you do not keep them, the Valkyrie will infinitely spawn out of the gate.  I was up to 46 when last I played.  It makes things interesting, when they start to branch out in groups of five.You have something great here.  Thank you for obviously taking the time to really make this game special."
76561198056450426,Recommended,466560,30141863,Posted: 24 February,all,TopCashJew,"played for 2 solid very hours now as the goat clan ( easiest clan to start with ). Its very much a happy mix of settlers and Anno, which works really well. During the the 2 hours I only come across 2 bugs. First was the long boat hut wouldnt allow me to place any villagers in it, so i destroyed it and built and new one. Second bug was a crash which is why I stopped playing after 2 hours otherwise i would have contnued. Ive really enjoyed playing it and im looking forward to the full release. Well done devs!"
76561198009586772,Recommended,466560,33262357,Posted: 4 July,all,Moforkus,"Interesting so far. Only played the one faction..no real tutorial as yet. Still figuring out the economy (some say it is very light but i don't think so).You must carefully balance your economy, expansion and amenities to balance happiness/pop growth, while managing food, wood, stone and iron resources (for stronger enemies, to upgrade buildings (which are required for happiness etc).Then you have to fight off enemy NPC's and enemy players AI or human if you choose, all the while trying not to starve or run out of wood throughout the winter.Only annoying thing i found so far about this game is that one enemy unit got behind my lines and ""captured"" an area full of my buildings...all buildings then started to burn, and couldn't be repaired unless i ""captured"" the point back again. I get the guy attacking my buildings...but capturing the area with my buildings in it and having them burn...thats pretty damn stupid. *after nearly 2 hours of play though, that is my only gripe so far and now i know to just have a tower in each area to prevent that type of cheap tactic by the AI.So far, it is fun, has a unique art style, and seems a little more slow paced than some of the other RTS offerings out there.Overall, i recommend this game...its very playable as is and thus far i have encountered ZERO glitches.Will update this review as i play the game more this weekend :)"
76561198154461295,Recommended,466560,33248924,Posted: 4 July,all,lpichie1,Hi there! Is there a MAC version available yet? Really excited to play this!
,Recommended,466560,33256221,Posted: 4 July,all,Doc Holliday,"Even though this game is in early access, it is pretty fun!  I look forward to the future from the devs!  This game has great potential to be very similar to settlers 7!"
76561198387047391,Recommended,466560,33249848,Posted: 4 July,all,Luigi,It's kind of like Warcraft II with Vikings. It scratches my strategy itch.Micro-ing your warband like in StarCraft is possible. Healing is a must after battles.I've beaten it in all the different modes. That adds variety to the game along with the clans you can choose from.Looking forward to seeing this game develop. I'd especially like to see the battle system improved.
,Recommended,466560,33251814,Posted: 4 July,all,Senseition/Johannes,"I was hooked as soon as I started my first game, absolutely amazing! I do recommend this 100% to anyone who even slightly likes rts games."
76561198057367237,Recommended,466560,33199623,Posted: 3 July,all,Moedere™,"Bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off people freezing and starving in winter cause micromanaging is hard? Give them beer, at least they'll die happy."
,Recommended,466560,33202856,Posted: 3 July,all,Mansel,Dawn of War/Settlers/Warcraft. Excited for single player campaign.
76561198272855238,Recommended,466560,33228466,Posted: 4 July,all,Harijs_LV,"First of all, This game took my attention as being really similar to the Cultures franchise.At first I was disappointed that it was very different as I imagined it, but after like 5 games in multiplayer I somehow started to like the gameplay.It is very versatile with win conditions where you can win by being aggressive or just dominate through economy and research.Recomend for players who like survival type RTS games but with a great connection to combat system.Only con would be that you can abuse wolves and AIs by going in and out of territory"
,Recommended,466560,33302606,Posted: 5 July,all,Envy,Blood for the goat god
76561198126085411,Recommended,466560,33282361,Posted: 5 July,all,jordans3131,great game looking forward to more content.
76561198021338325,Recommended,466560,33388909,Posted: 8 July,all,Kisses,I really enjoy the twist on the typical mechanics of war games. The light hearted art style also makes it more fun to slay and pillage.
,Recommended,466560,33389461,Posted: 8 July,all,Jamie,"A friend pointed me in the direction of this game, so I decided to check it out. The initial reviews I read were great, so I decided to take the risk and buy it.The risk was absolutely worth it! Such a fun and enjoyable game. I've spent nearly 5 hours playing it on the day of purchase, and I look forward to many more hours playing it!The upcoming career should be a great boost to the game - I look forward to following the path of early access and seeing what else the game has in store for us!"
76561198005544653,Recommended,466560,33390074,Posted: 8 July,all,reamay1990,"Great game. Plays a lot like Settlers 7, so if you like that game type, this is perfect. A great multiplayer game for steam. I love it!"
76561197998583325,Recommended,466560,33389265,Posted: 8 July,all,Exile,AMAZING ! So freaking good.. Very nice job guys !
76561198073589974,Recommended,466560,33379181,Posted: 8 July,all,thraganux,"It seems simple, but I keep finding more depth to the game after each hour of play.  It's rare for a strategy game to have any sort of novelty anymore for me, but i'm almost enjoying this as much as the first time i started playing settlers."
76561198035597748,Recommended,466560,33382186,Posted: 8 July,all,razieldraconis,"I have played a lot of RTS games in my life. It is my favorite type of game. Now a days game companies spend way to much time in development of depth. Lots of different resources, a hug tech tree, and many different unit options. I like this game a lot. It's simple and easy to learn. I really enjoy the weather changes and natural disaster type events.While this game is still in the early stages there are some suggestions that will add to the replayability of the game.1. While there are a few clans to choose from I think more diversity would be great. Maybe a differnt look to the clans as well. Right now everything graphicly is the same.2. Definately need a few more buildings. Again very basic at this point which is a good thing but a few more options would be great.3. More disasters. There are about 4 disasters that can happen at this point. It would be great to see a lot more for the player to have to deal with.4. More diplomatic options. The ability to across over a ""friends' land with your troops for example.All and all for an early release title very enjoyable. I find I can play a large map to victory in about an hour. Great for quick matches. I look forward to seeing the development of this title and additions to the game."
76561198106853969,Recommended,466560,33385160,Posted: 8 July,all,pro1golfsisson,Looks like a great game but an error message pops up when I try to start it up and screen goes black.  Devs need to fix
,Recommended,466560,33386626,Posted: 8 July,all,Relzak,This game is difficult to get the hang of but once you do its great!
76561197975995037,Recommended,466560,33387525,Posted: 8 July,all,i've got a little cpt in me,Awesome!
,Recommended,466560,33376037,Posted: 8 July,all,尋覓交配對象,Best RTS game 2017
76561198008119753,Recommended,466560,32260363,Posted: 7 June,all,Simba,Recommeneded
76561198031660028,Recommended,466560,32260830,Posted: 7 June,all,Vancoubear,So far it feels like a simplified version of Civilization. Easier than Civ but has lots of potentials. More variance in army units and more branches of Wisdom would definitely be better.
,Recommended,466560,32261703,Posted: 7 June,all,swisscat,"Great game so far.Some issues to properly scale your camp on long sessions, some fine-tuning on the balance could be nice. It gets a bit hard to expand with the food requirements, and sustain on some factions, after a couple of hours in a game.Still very enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,466560,32261661,Posted: 7 June,all,COG,"Now this is what I expect from a RTS!!Very fun, neat mechanics, great artwork, great soundtrack, and the controls are intuitive.A+"
76561198046571344,Recommended,466560,32263245,Posted: 8 June,all,3volP4nd4,"Really good game. I do however have a couple gripes. One being that there needs to be a save option for multiplayer games, an autosave feature would be even better. Also, we should be able to reinvite players to a game if for some reason they disconnect, which given my internet happens alot. Other than that stuff though the game seems pretty well fleshed out. I will be playing more of this game for sure."
,Recommended,466560,32261010,Posted: 7 June,all,Crouchinbeaver,"Got dicked by draugrs, and lowered my food consumption by wiping my people 10/10"
,Recommended,466560,32245391,Posted: 7 June,all,ZenorXT,It's a good game. 8/10
76561198084472485,Recommended,466560,32247152,Posted: 7 June,all,XxAMLA87xX,The game has a beautiful artstyle and a pleasant soundtrack. It seems very polished for an early access game. It is a really entertaining and often challenging survival RTS.
,Recommended,466560,32246813,Posted: 7 June,all,Netmaster,"I was skeptical, this being an early access game, and they all have the reputation of sucking royally. I can say with confidence that this is one of the best strategy games I've played in a while. It takes inspiration from games like Civilization and Age of Empires to deliver a QUALITY gaming experience, and it's not even done yet!"
,Recommended,466560,32244291,Posted: 7 June,all,g0tanks,Good real-time strategy game reminiscent of Age of Empires and Command & Conquer with some boardgame-elements.
,Recommended,466560,32245669,Posted: 7 June,all,KyKNos,One of the most fun games I've ever played. Highly recommended!!
,Recommended,466560,32243736,Posted: 7 June,all,Afgfighter,Very smooth game for a beta. Totally worth the price. This is how early access games should be released.
76561198188698969,Recommended,466560,32244360,Posted: 7 June,all,Quirn,"8/10Pros-Simple yet funFun art styleUnique yet familiarCons-The interface is a little too big, clogs up the screenNot enough varity in game play between the civsStill in early access so lots of these things can be easily fixed"
76561197961314175,Recommended,466560,32261327,Posted: 7 June,all,Hurla,"I'm exited to see where this is going to go, but it worries me that some game mechanics might kill it from the start. Happiness to generate more citizens often becomes a deadlock where you need more citizens to make more happiness in order to make more citizens.Also, the cost to get new lands gets crazy high, crazy fast.Your success is extremely influenced by how rich your neighbour lands are. You're pretty much f'ed from the start if you get a bad draw on that.The 3 buildings for land is way too restrictive, often forcing you to spend ridiculous ammts of food on a land you dont need just because you need more housing."
76561198097332195,Recommended,466560,32247859,Posted: 7 June,all,Sir dnkrow,"Great game, excited to see what's on the updates."
,Recommended,466560,32247960,Posted: 7 June,all,Kroda,"It is a nice game. Looks good, interesting, and good job with clan differences. I like how map looks and the way I explore and colonise it. Played it co-op for the last few days and enjoyed:) but i also noticed a few minor bugs, for exaple if I play for the wolf clan and have got myself a berserk and enough fame I still cant colonize territory for free. Sometimes I can build more buildings than allowed.I play on hard difficulty settings, but it is not hard at all. AI is quite stupid.I do not regret buying the game, I reccomed it and I am waiting for the campain mode:)7,5 of 10"
,Recommended,466560,32247884,Posted: 7 June,all,Daksou,"Great game, reminds me of AOE online which I loved until they shut it down. Word on the street is they are opening back up, but that's ok I have this game to hold me over right now.Pros:Basic easy to play and learnCool graphicsRuns smoothOverall enjoyable game and experienceCons:No tutorialNo speed-up option (slow gameplay)Not much to say about it, buy it if you're a new RTS player and enjoy playing new games!"
,Recommended,466560,32259185,Posted: 7 June,all,RockstarVaticanAssassin,"Started the game thinking ""norse mythology lore.....viking battles, okay. Ill build an army and duke it out with some other viking clans"".The first winter hit and i lost everything.Now im a few hours into playing and i can kill wyverns while managing my communities resources and happiness.This game is so much more than what it seems on the surface.*sidenote* a wolf bit one of my buildings and it set on fire......10/10 would fight fire wolf again."
76561198018724436,Recommended,466560,32262775,Posted: 8 June,all,earhear,Fantastic game.  It's in the very early stages but it's a game with great potential.  Reminds me a lot of the old Age of Mythology RTS but combined with a real resource manager as you have to store excess for when they will be needed.
76561197993233212,Recommended,466560,32259970,Posted: 7 June,all,spec02alex,"As it stands currently this game is good. Needs work on a few things like resource aquisition (stone) and unit variety. Also I keep getting messeges on compaigns claiming that so and so faction already aquired X amount of gold. Has to be something to do with the option to win through being the best merchant faction... which I have toggled off, because really? who doesnt? A few balancing issues with the different factions. All easy to fix I imagine, or at least managable. There is one issue I come across more often then I would like that crashes the game. I get a ""Out of Memory"" messege and the game stops playing. Luckily autosave saves after every winter. Im on the fence if the game is worth it to buy NOW, but what I can say for sure is, if they fix the few problems they have now and add some more features a $20 price tag would be money well spent."
,Recommended,466560,32266373,Posted: 8 June,all,Spasik_,"It's a nice game for early access, really great atmosphere ingame and finally a multiplayer. I think it doesn't have too much replayability yet – it feels quite slow for essentially doing the same things over and over again. Maybe that is because of the KI. Anyways, it's fun!"
76561198037179901,Recommended,466560,32233334,Posted: 6 June,all,Dailyjam,"A new RTS city builder!The game is well polished with well thought out concept, UI, Menus map layouts are very pretty and comfortable to read, the aesthetics are well done, the city building is easy and fun to manage. The game is overall feels really easy and simplistic, this may not be a bad thing to new players but leaves seasoned players something to desire.I wished the combat system had more depth, introducing fantasy or more unconventional ideas like 'Viking Arsoners' or 'Beast Tamers'. Because the game comes short when we talk about its flat, one dimensional combat and capture territory system.With my experience with the game, I feel that it is not living up to Real-Time Strategy, as it does not have much use of the Real-time aspect other than really minor micro managing. Maybe if there could be safe burrows my vikings could take cover during bizzards or special abilities like Warchief Warcry, the real-time aspect could be more emphasized.Ultimately the game is still at its early stages and makes a steady progress, I do enjoy the game its great look and design but I still feel held back recommending the game atm. On the other hand, if the game improves its Real Time Combat and introduces more character in its Unit designs, i will pay DOUBLE for its current price. Well done with this game guys, honestly its fantastic. :D 7/6/2017"
,Recommended,466560,32239205,Posted: 7 June,all,Surefire,"Very smooth and polished RTS game that has the basics down solidly. Was intuitive and easy to get into, shows good potential!  I would like to see more added like the ability to craft more special weapons or maybe something to add a morale boost to fighters, but I had a lot of fun in my first 5 hours of gameplay.I would highly recomend this at its current price and will enjoy replaying this game as other factons and when new content is added."
,Recommended,466560,32229595,Posted: 6 June,all,Elderun,"I absolutley adore Northgard, everything about this game is polished and more than I expected!   Other people wrote huge reviews about this awesome game, go read them.  If you want to play with someone, message me!   I hope to see more games like this one in the near future."
76561198048622469,Recommended,466560,32231267,Posted: 6 June,all,__FaTaL__,Was looking for a game just like this.  Can't wait to see what updates come next! 10/10
,Recommended,466560,32230702,Posted: 6 June,all,Eezo,"I really liked Banished, but I like Northgard even better. They systems and the UI are more accessible than Banished (this includes being simpler in nature). My only wish is a way to pause the game with the units and buildings still interactible."
76561198038396493,Recommended,466560,32240725,Posted: 7 June,all,Uriho,Would recommend.
76561198006844430,Recommended,466560,32235810,Posted: 7 June,all,Squid1313,An excellent game which echoes the foundaiton of The Settlers series to make an RTS/Settlement Management game with a nordic twist. I cannot wait for future balance and content.
,Recommended,466560,32235825,Posted: 7 June,all,D2UM.AnsonQ,"Very good quality of game, is enjoying & wish developer will enhance/ update the game with more content.The story, character is seem like Game Of Throne as story background.No regret for buying this game, thanksSmall advise,  about chinese translation for the game, few words have translate in the wrong meaning/ words."
,Recommended,466560,32235726,Posted: 7 June,all,InTheHeaven,For Valhalla
,Recommended,466560,32239010,Posted: 7 June,all,philip.anthony,"Ive seen people asking for aesthetic differences between the factions eg Wolf pelt armour for Wolf Clan etc. Faction bonuses need balancing. Graphics look great and I love the monster design, would appreciate being able to zoom out more. Obviously a lot more content needs to be added before the full release but it does feel a little like a browser game that's been ported to steam and given amazing graphics. Overall however great start"
,Recommended,466560,32235519,Posted: 7 June,all,Captain Jack |,"Epic! Love the idea. Easy going, challenging enough to plan your resources and timeconsuming.As you'll see, they're already prepairing for the tutorial.I really hope they'll add more choice of maps!"
,Recommended,466560,32235340,Posted: 7 June,all,Mr. Jackpots,"Solid little RTS, with nice, bold and colourful graphics and a tile based style that I've personally not come across before. I'm going to update my review once I've given this a more thorough playthrough but I wanted to give this a thumbs up so far as it seems like it's a nice addition to the RTS genre: I don't play many of these any more and it was a nice surprise that this one is as good as it is. Great work dev, keep it up"
,Recommended,466560,32237318,Posted: 7 June,all,Narf,"I'm so excited to see what else they add on to the game, already a big fan of this one!!"
,Recommended,466560,32234476,Posted: 7 June,all,Xcy7e,"This game is remarkable! The unique comic graphic fits perfectly together with the sounds the UI, the whole atmosphere is simply adorable!Yet you won't have any tutorial system, but you don't need it at all! The game is extremely coherent and easy to get into. The game mechanics are quite different to what we know so far. Its almost like a mixture of a board game and the casual strategy game.. I won't spoil any more, just say BUY IT! You won't regret it..Since this is just v0.2(!!!) I am VERY excited to see the upcoming growth of content which is, yet, great overall!I may not forget to say, this is not that kind of endless-sandbox-strategy-game which many titles offer to choose.. after a few hours, you will reach a limit of what you can do, and what can be built.. Take it as a 2-5 hour based challenge, to which further challenges will follow! Maybe they'll add some more freedom especially in building your unique base. Yet you are a little bit(!) too restricted to this tile-based building. Everyone who played Northgard will probably understand what I mean. Anyways this is no con at all, since this fits exactly into the current game mechanics which is, again: unique and adorable!I love this game!"
76561198007144753,Recommended,466560,32229805,Posted: 6 June,all,Scooter_Maddog,"This is an amazing game with so much potential. I do get an (out of memory and then crash) issue from time to time but I understand this is an Early Access game and the issue will more than likely be fixed in future patches.I LOVE the way you expand your territory. This is game is a perfect mix between Endless Legend and Age of Empires. The graphics are cute and the music compliments the scenery very well. This game is so incredibly fun to play.Although, I hope to see a more complex tech tree and more unit types in future development. Maybe more independent factions in the game that a player can influence.Great job, I can't wait to see the end result of the game."
,Recommended,466560,32229742,Posted: 6 June,all,DonCondie,"I would like to start off by saying this is a fun ""Pull You In"" Type of game.It has a unique charm to it that gleams through the more you play.~Things I Like~- Good Graphics- Easy to learn gameplay- Fun Involved gameplay- Good Mechanics- Great Clan system- Good Music and Effects~Things I would love to see~- More Clans!- More in depth clan Customization- More Buildings- More building upgrades- Gameplay speed Modifier- Way bigger Maps- Better area optimization- A little more balanceAs it is now. I really like this game.It will definitely keep you involved for hours.I highly suggest it if you are a fan of any Age of Empires, Civilization, Stellaris, etc. type games."
,Recommended,466560,32230261,Posted: 6 June,all,Reuben,"Solid game. Simple to learn, hard to master kind of game. Lots of moving parts. I beat it with Fenrir clan but was still hard to manage resources. Can't wait for story mode."
,Recommended,466560,32233604,Posted: 6 June,all,Sha亞Medic,"Unbelievably good; like one of the best RTS's I have seen in a long, albeit VERY buggy with only 4 factions. Currently I have never gotten through a full 4 player coop game without constant crashes; and worse when the host crashes its game over."
,Recommended,466560,32233433,Posted: 6 June,all,Plake,"This game, even though it is ""just"" early access for now, is a perfect modern version of the old settlers games (3&4 in particular)! The theme of vikings is great and there's finally multi player added. Over the last few months the game changed a lot, which shows the developers are active and listening to the fans.There is no campaign yet (june 2017), but since EVERY map u play is randomly generated the replay value is big."
76561198299941577,Recommended,466560,31190798,Posted: 16 April,all,c.marin93.64,"Hope they release the campaign soon, Lacks of tooltip and tutorial."
76561198061533860,Recommended,466560,30142736,Posted: 24 February,all,KillerK,"First review, but I will make it short and brief.On Thursday, I wanted to get Age of Empires II because I utterly love all types of RTS' and Turn Based. Well, I switched over to the store and saw Northgard. I was instantly hooked, and with a $20 price tag, I couldn't resist. I bought it, waited an hour for it to load, and then I played it. I went on for three hours straight during launch, probably longer, not sure. I seriously hope good things come to this place, it's a real good game.Pros:- Nothing is too complex for this simple game, a young person could sit down and instantly know how to play the game within moments.- Combat is simple and easy. Right click an area with your troops and they'll go there and attack.- Buildings are unique, along with tech trees for various clans.- Game gives you a good understanding of areas you can explore and colonize. (Meaning what gives you good resources and what not.)Cons:- Combat is pretty bland, honestly. You just have warriors, no archers, shield men, raiders, etc. Would seriously love to see more of it.- Clan balances are kinda bad. The Wolf Clan starts off with increased attack, and if they get alot of lore, they can just spam into their military line and boost up even more damage. Where as the Goat Clan seems to be about survival and holding out.- Some bugs that are pretty insane. I was sitting at the Helheim portal for 12 months and built a tower to defend it while my Warchief was off defending against the Goat Clan, but the thing fell and I lost the area. I turn back and I see twenty Valkire spawned. After a few more moments, my swamp next to it is under attack by ten of them. After I lose it I turn back and see that there are fourty one Valkire. Fourty One! And they will continue to endlessly spawn.Overrall, the game is pretty dang fun. I will continue to play the hell out of it when I have the chance.However, some misc things are, and I'd love to see the dev put them in are.- Time. I know it's an RTS, but I'd love to slow down my game so I can organize my troops and peasents.- Bigger warning icons above the map. I had almost my entire clan die due to sickness and I didn't even notice because I was too focused on the game.Edit - Another thing I'd love is larger maps and more options to increase or decrease enemy spawn, more farm land, more forests, more dens, etc.Edit 2 - The dev has fixed the Helheim spawning glitch, yay!"
,Recommended,466560,30144568,Posted: 24 February,all,pzeise,"Still Early access, So there are some issues for sure, but I love the aesthetic and setting. The mix of civ and an RTS is really cool.Down sides are mostly stability and balance... I find if I'm not next to at least one food supply I'm screwed, but if I'm next to 2 it's laughably easy."
,Recommended,466560,30144818,Posted: 24 February,all,Hecfret,"Excellent game. Very well balanced. Im looking forward to tweaks and added features! Great art style, exciting gameplay."
,Recommended,466560,30147083,Posted: 24 February,all,Gattsu,"This game is currently lacking in content, but It is indeed promising. From what I've played, I really enjoyed it and am looking foward to Campaign / Multiplayer.It has multiple bugs, like random crashes and achievements not getting counted, but can't expect something perfect out of an early access game.Having played multiple games from this Genre, I can highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,466560,30133810,Posted: 23 February,all,[PUG] Urgh of Tar,"This game is Catan, Age of Empires, and Civilization combined.PROS:1) Unique gameplay.2) Large amount of replayability (Play it 3-4 times all the way through and you'll see what I mean).3) Visually appealing art style.4) Fun!CONS:1) None.In its current state: 8/10 doggos.--> As development progresses, I expect this game will become 10/10 doggos."
,Recommended,466560,30145597,Posted: 24 February,all,Gladeflower,"only skirmish battles against AI is in the game as of yet, and works very well and polished. had 3 crashes in 6 hours but always during convinient moments for me, fantastic game."
,Recommended,466560,30146007,Posted: 24 February,all,Beggar,"Quite playable, very limited in  map control, map options, ai, difficulty, map size, enemies, units and resource management, but this game has amazing potential, if realized."
76561198035946240,Recommended,466560,30135069,Posted: 23 February,all,Cinder,"Keep in mind this game came out only two days ago. Bugs, Glitches, Errors, and of course lack of content, are bound to happen. I PERSONALLY, have not experienced any of the first three. Moving forward.Northgard thus far as it stands, is a wonderful little game. Its no doubt got the potential to grow and expand to be quite possibly one of the best citybuilder/RTS/CIV-like games to date.Currently, there is indeed a lack of content though not through the fault of the devs so much as its literally just come out. One hopes updates come swiftly and with as few errors as possible, but at that same point I hope the devs take the time to bug-squash and patch the game with care than rush it because of whiny players.To the questions.Is it worth the $$$? - Yes and No - If you are a fan of these types of games, go for it, its great. Just again, be aware, Early access. We've all been burned by it once or twice. If not a fan but interested, follow it, keep an eye on it watch it grow till you're satisfied that its worth the $$$.Hows the gameplay and game pace? - Solid. VERY VERY solid. I've personally not encountered any issues, or errors controling units, the building is simple to grasp, the managment of your people is easy enough as is the upgrading. Personally, in my opinion, I feel the game is a little to easy in its current state, but as it grows depth will be added no doubt to increase the time of matches and so forth.Continuing on that, in its current state, if you're the type of person that has only say, 2 or 3 hours of time each night or day to play games and this happens to be your jam as far as genre, then its perfectly paced to go for a quickfire victory or get your♥♥♥♥♥beat in a timely fashion.Could I of writen this in less words? - Probably. But hey, if you got this far... Go away I have nothing for you. Buy the game, or don't. I enjoy it and look forward to its growth. Seeya ingame nerds."
,Recommended,466560,30134153,Posted: 23 February,all,Tr4p,Great game! Must buy if you played AOE II as a kid
76561198088027191,Recommended,466560,30134157,Posted: 23 February,all,Ejubola,"Fun game, looking forward to the campaign mode, fan of the dynamic weather changes & enemy spawn raids, brings an interesting hustle to the game. You'll never catch yourself with nothing to do, as opposed to waiting for next turn like in Civ"
,Recommended,466560,30134193,Posted: 23 February,all,Sippy Time,"Probably the most interesting RTS game I have played in quite a while. I can't say the content it has right now is worth the $20, but I can definitely see the idea for a great game is there. It feels like a demo, but it reminds me of when I first played the Warcraft 3 demo and being super excited for the actual game. Personally I'd pick it up just to support the devs. As of writing this review there is currently just a single player FFA mode but a campaign mode and multiplayer is to come. The best way I can describe this game is like an RTS version of CivilazationGoing into a more detailed explaination of the gameplay:Win ConditionsDomination: destroy all enemiesFame: Control a certain amount of zones, gather fame (this is done by colinizing zones, attacking enemies, organizing feasts, discovering lore), and have a building called the Altar of Kings.Trade: Collecting a certain amount of krowns, having a certain amount stockpiled, and having a certain amount of active merchants.Wisdom: Gain all blessings from the Gods and have a certain amount of active Lore masters.ResourcesFood: Villagers will gather by default, can also be gained from other sources such as hunting, gathering, fishing, and farming. Needed to feed your units and colinizing new zones.Wood: Gathered by building a woodcutting lodge and having active woodcutters. Basic building material and also used for firewood to keep units warm in winter.Krowns: Gathered by having merchants and can be pillaged when attacking enemies. Used to build certain structures, building upkeep, training members of your warband, and purchasing other resources if you have a marketplace.Stone: Gathered by building a mine in a zone with a stone node and having active miners. Used for upgrading structes and building certain structure.Iron: Gathered by having a mine in a zone with an iron node and having active miners. Used for upgrading unit productivity and warband damage.Lore: Gathered by building a carved stone or finding a runestone and having villagers worship at it, your clan also produces some by default depending on the population. Used for upgrading knowledge on a tech tree. After certain amount of knowledge is gained you can choose more blessings from different gods.Map MechanicsZones: Scouts have to explore different parts of the map called zones in order for you to see whats on them. Zones must be colonized using food before you can build on them. Colonizing takes a lot of food and each zone has different benefits or none at all so you kind of need to choose carefully. Some zones have deer and sheep for hunting, streams for fishing, iron and stone nodes, increased woodcutting benefits, NPC enemies to fight and provide additional fame if colonized, NPC structures such as rune stones and circles which provide additional lore if worshipped at, ship wrecks and ruins which your scouts can explore for a one time boost in resources. Also, each zone can only have a certain amount of buildings in them, the range I've seen for each zone is 1 to 5 buildings.Seasons: Currently there is just a summer and winter season. Summer is business as usual and doesn't have any effects.Winter reduces your miltary units damage when you fighting outside of one of your zones. It also reduces food production and increases firewood consumption.Events: I've only ran into 3 different events so far, the first one is Rat Infestion, which causes you to lose food if it's not protected by silos. Earthquakes damage your structures and will destroy them if you dont have wood to repair them quickly enough. Draugr portals open up random portals around the map which spawn draugrs, these are enemy NPC's that will attack your structures and units.UnitsUnit Control in this game isn't anything like Warcraft or Starcraft, it's a lot less intensive and the gameplay is more focused toward strategy than managing units. Control groups are basically just for military units only and you assign them by having specific Warband units. Currently there are 2 units that are used for assigning these groups and you can only have one of each. There is the Warchief and the Berserker. For resource gathering units there is a tab that shows you how many you have of a certain type and lets you cycle through or select all, but there are no hot keys to set these to a control group. It's not really a bad thing though because you don't really spend a lot of time managing these units."
76561198135731125,Recommended,466560,30133930,Posted: 23 February,all,Livie,Good game!
76561198359654627,Recommended,466560,30134006,Posted: 23 February,all,Jesus Christ,"It is plain, and you can only do limited stuff. I hope they will add sandbox and turn to an open world. This game has a lot of potential. Kudos to the devs."
,Recommended,466560,30136124,Posted: 24 February,all,sebseph,"Very fun and straight forward. Nothing to in depth but better than a phone game. It's the more interactive game of Catan.Understanding that this is a new game, it can feel like a app that went to pc in a great way and without the pay to play. Need loads of help with marketing, online, creative ideals, and community managment but is a real gem.The art work is easily my favortie part. DO NOT CHANGE IT!!! With its great design they nail the cute to fierce ratio perfectly. When the online comes out it could be competive in the best way and be a great game to waste years of your life on.Please for the love of god promote this on twitch. I have seen a few people streaming it and i myself have as well. Games live and die on twitch and if you could do tournaments or have a community manager this could be a huge sucess.Pros:Lots of fun.Low Learning Curve.Nice style and characters.Ran very smooth.Few few bugs for a Early Access GameIf you like to rush down a tech tree and stomp people out of existence extra quick this is for youCons:Factions have little to no color and only cater to one play style.Tech is very limited.Food is all pooled into a generic food group.No sickness.Weak/ predictible AI.No upgrades with tech/ troops.Only bug was the noise it makes when you click the Lore would get stuck on repeat and slow turned into Dupstep!!"
,Recommended,466560,33617862,Posted: 17 July,all,Suavic,Looks like a promising game.
76561198011769842,Not Recommended,466560,30161995,Posted: 25 February,all,Ronnie,"Not at all pleased with the systems that govern gameplay. It's much too difficult to achieve stability with a number of setups. For example, the ""happiness"" stat seems to affect a great deal of other things (how fast your workers work, other production of resources), but is stupidly difficult to maintain. It feels too forced and takes you right out of the game.Mechanics and graphics of the game are great, but it could use more friendly (or at least logical) gameplay."
,Recommended,466560,33623093,Posted: 17 July,all,cjmoto7,"People leaving negative reviews are too fussy and IMO are forgetting that this game is only $20, for what its worth, this game is awesome!!"
76561198096099509,Recommended,466560,33629608,Posted: 18 July,all,Eugene Harold Krabs,I'm really feeling this game! They just got to fix a few bugs and add more content and it would be awesome.
76561198007660682,Recommended,466560,33659867,Posted: 19 July,all,TheWildSausage,"Looking forward to more content, but still a very enjoyable and fun game"
,Recommended,466560,30450962,Posted: 11 March,all,Arrowkiin,"Just a quick note to the devs of the game. I find only one issue with the hud layout. Please move the feast button away from the build button. I have accidently organised a feast countless time right before winter because the button is in the way when I click to build.other than that, top game!"
,Recommended,466560,30495153,Posted: 13 March,all,cichya,"Naprawdę  wciąga .Prosta strategia ,która zasysa na klka godzin rozgrywki.Nawet nie zauważyłem jak strzeliło mi pół weekendu ."
76561198070209177,Recommended,466560,30495646,Posted: 13 March,all,Khuobol,"Great game, can't wait for multiplayer and story!"
76561198283417585,Recommended,466560,30499547,Posted: 13 March,all,Unidragon,"So i have not played this game much only 4 hours, but i have some suggestionsPause fast forward and slow down buttonssomething to use to climb cliffsmake maps larger and coustimize the mapadd more solider units"
,Recommended,466560,30508181,Posted: 14 March,all,MrFreeze231,"This is what I have been waiting for as far as an RTS goes. There is a good balance between survival and fighting. Each play through playes different, not only are there different tribes/races that play a bit different but the levels change will be different each play through and you will have to decide what is the best way to win THIS time."
76561198035289938,Recommended,466560,30500428,Posted: 13 March,all,SoupTown,"This game is extremely simple right now, but the base systems are highly addictive. Loving it"
76561198105174806,Recommended,466560,31011327,Posted: 7 April,all,Sfin,"Played enough to do a few rounds, right now it only has skirmish mode, but story and multiplayer are in the works. Very solid game even at this state havent encountered any bugs so far and just playing vs AI has numerous ways you can achieve victory and theres different clans you can choose from. Good replayablity even as it. It'll only get better, check it out!"
76561198078605768,Recommended,466560,31000081,Posted: 7 April,all,GearBoxTek,"Genuinely love this game! the art, the style, the gameplay...everything! I cannot wait for multiplayer and I am looking forward to seeing what the dev team will add. Minor bugs and graphical errors, but otherwise, a solid game with a fresh take RTS gameplay."
76561198124314423,Recommended,466560,30954517,Posted: 4 April,all,GHOST N0MAD,"Great Game ! It’s an impressively well-made game, a finely-embroidered cloak of an RTS with all the elements sewn together in a pleasing and sensible way.” wish u could control the mecenarys after deployment thoe"
,Recommended,466560,30970976,Posted: 5 April,all,No Values,This is such a promising game. Iv had nothing but fun playing this classic style RTS. With a great arcade look to it. If that makes any sense. It looks great! Plays Great. Good Price. Only had the game close on me once and for an Early Access Game if thats all the problems iv had then its pretty solid. Pick this up now. It sure seems like its only gonna get better. Great game to play music or a podcast over. Plays great high. Chill game. Going to sleep now. Night.
,Recommended,466560,31045468,Posted: 9 April,all,Romeo Sid Vicious,"I have been looking for this exact game for a while now. The resource management, the indivual unit management, the buildings, evertything. It's like these devs have been reading my mind. I was hesitatnt because I really didn't want to be disappointed and I have not been. Even without everything being finished every minute of my free time has been spent in this game. I am so damn happy right now. I cannot wait for updates, which I think can only make this game better. At this price point I don't think that there's a better value for money on Steam right now."
,Recommended,466560,31048270,Posted: 9 April,all,pineapple express,Beautifully crafted game..........meant for the heart of a true city builder / rts gamer..........very eager to wait for the upcoming content. I do hope they introduce more clans and multiplayer soon.10/10 worth the money :)
76561198017188773,Recommended,466560,31113770,Posted: 13 April,all,Robineus,"One of the few early access titles which appears to have gotten everything right about what it was trying to achieve. Northgard is a fun although at the moment fairly simplistic rts game which is very enjoyable to play a round of every now and then. The graphics the music the gameplay the strategy all would fit into the category of nice if not stunning, but the base game is in every way incredibly stable with much room to grow into something truly impressive. I would definitely recommend this title for one to have a look at and worthy of supporting."
,Recommended,466560,31112431,Posted: 13 April,all,Coffeelord,"look its good, it runs well, it feels good, has huge potential for future at this stage though id give it a 3/5. It will be epic though when fully released no doubt for RTS fans."
,Recommended,466560,30209766,Posted: 26 February,all,Kiki162,"Awesome game so far, the only concern I have at the moment is the unit variety (as there are only 4 units at the moment, that I'm aware of, and one can only be got by playing a certain faction). However as the devs are clearly planning on multiplayer and a singleplayer campaign, judging by the title screen, I'd say if you're a fan of games like AoE or Civ then this is worth a checking out.4/5 Reminds me of AoEO."
,Recommended,466560,30209906,Posted: 26 February,all,Rolling_Film,"It's like a mixture of Age of Empies + Civilization. So if you like those games I would give this a shot. For it being an early access game I'm also extremely impressed with how well it's currently performing. I haven't noticed any bugs or issues so far. It obviously looks like they will be adding more to the game which will be exciting, and I feel as though there is already a lot in the game! Will be playing more of this!"
,Recommended,466560,30209917,Posted: 26 February,all,Razmer,Great game with a lot of potential here. Can't wait to see what the multiplayer is like. :)
76561198039450273,Recommended,466560,30209284,Posted: 26 February,all,arkilis,"Is there possibility to have some review on future update. I love this graphic, the combat system is awesome."
76561198253013241,Recommended,466560,30207245,Posted: 26 February,all,PinkAlpaca25,"The game is a lot of fun. I really like the different victory paths and the different clans. The only issue really is the AI, they really hate you regardless of how friendly you are and trading. Another thing is the random events, I think they happen too much and need to be spaced out a bit more. I keep having demon spawn right after I get an earthquake. I hope more clans are added soon because I love how different each one feels. I am hoping for a walrus clan or whale clan with a focus on raiding. I like all the different buildings and upgrades and I look forward to more unit types soon! For early access, this game is quite amazing. I had small hopes and this game really blew me away,"
76561198037941330,Recommended,466560,30207439,Posted: 26 February,all,ybalder,Great game :) I hope to see new content soon!
,Recommended,466560,30204239,Posted: 26 February,all,Mintervell,The Game is great I only have three issues with it:1-can't place more than 3 buildings in the area2-the map is very small3-need more buildings
76561198042531964,Recommended,466560,30202270,Posted: 26 February,all,Oh Welles,"Yesterday, I noticed an article about Northgard on Polygon. It was the first I'd heard of it. The writer compared it to Banished, only with ""a lot more going on."" Banished is one of my personal favorites, so my interest was instantly piqued.So far, I love Northgard. The music is fantastic, and the art style is charming. The difficulty feels just right. I am constantly stopping to examine my territory, looking for buildings to either demolish or construct, based on the ever-changing needs of the clan. It's an addictive cycle.I've only encountered one bug: the game consistantly crashes on the victory screen, which kind of sours the celebration - haha! Otherwise, it's very smooth for an alpha, and I can't wait to see the campaign when it's fully released. If you enjoy games like Stronghold, Settlers, Civilization, Warcraft and/or Banished, then this will feel right at home in your library. Thumbs up."
,Recommended,466560,30173193,Posted: 25 February,all,BNS Svo🅱oda,Veri gud
,Recommended,466560,30200704,Posted: 26 February,all,iReddog,"I'm not sure if I have ever written a review before, but I was compelled to write a positive one for this because it's such a fun little game. Sorta reminds me of the old Majesty game, crossed with Age of Empires."
76561198052328770,Recommended,466560,30200865,Posted: 26 February,all,shadowjo,honestly if this had multiplayer i would play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it
76561198060956803,Recommended,466560,30202477,Posted: 26 February,all,Valdemarr,"This is a very polished game for being in early access. The game does have its hiccups, like the seasonal transition and some delay in AI processing when deciding who to engage. Despite what I have heard about crashes I only crashed once and thankfully there was an autosave so it wasn't that bad.The visuals and graphics are spot on for the art style. The gameplay is fluid and medium paced. I have won a game and played two others. It's a pretty addicting experience.  It is easy to find yourself in a bad spot with starving and sick clan members and on top of all that winter is setting in with a blizzard on the horizon.The random events are a very nice edition but there is the potential for many other types of random events. The whole game in general right now is well done but still has alot of potential.Suggestions-Re asses the seasonal transition. its noticeable even on high end rigs.-Have all four seasons instead of just summer and winter-More variation in random weather events at all times of the year. such as wind storms, thunderstorms. Wind storms      could force workers to take shelter reducing resource gathering by a percentage.-A building for sacrifices to the gods granting a bonus to a certain resource or strength of warriors.-add archer warriorsWell done, I would high recommend this game. keep up the good work."
76561198029145519,Recommended,466560,30219859,Posted: 27 February,all,hafgrimmar,"Decent game, styled like/after *Settlers*, and I hope the campaign mode moves away from that.Could do with more Mythology, which can still be added and may be planned for campaign.Pro's - Easy to get to grips with.Easy to reach acheivements.Con's - See above :)Some achievments don't seem to be reachable - Friend of Jotnar and Lore Seeker. Possbily due to map building, may be availabe on different maps.PS. If you find you can't place buildings use the (M)usic hotkey, no idea why, but it works around it."
76561198038650207,Recommended,466560,31188481,Posted: 16 April,all,Lionheart,"After muddling up your first go at maintaining economic stability and accordingly perishing in the unforgiving freeze of Nordic winter, it's actually quite easy to achieve victory. I picked up on the simple dynamics of the game fairly quick as its not a very complex game to begin with. Given that the game is still in development and I haven't yet the chance to play multiplayer or campaign mode, I'll cut it some slack, but there is much more that I would like to see -- perhaps a warrior veteran system that is different from a tool upgrade? (tne one-step-upgrade system that is possible with buildings, warriors, and laborers is quite lame),  warrior variation (unless it is truly proper to drag my hunters and gathers into battle as auxillary units),  warchief/hero specialization (Is my warchief a bow-wielding lad who commands from the back, an akimbo ax murderer?), perhaps adding different shrines to the Nordic gods that we can offer to and reap bonuses from? It would be a shame for the game to remain as simple as it is in its current state. I want extremely multi-dimensional play from a game that has a simple and cartoon-like aesthetic."
,Recommended,466560,30142479,Posted: 24 February,all,shawnmichaelneal,"So i'm a bit of a Viking's nut, so when this showed up on Steam, I was interested.After buying and playing for 2 hours straight without realizing it was two hours, gotta say, I'm impressed.It's pretty damn good for a Early Access title.I did have one crash, and it took me a couple of restarts before i figured out some of the gameplay, but i am really enjoying it.At the current asking price the replayability is okay, but not great.I am very intrigued by a story campaign, but even being someone that doesn't really play multiplayer I am a bit surprised that this game has launched without a multiplayer mode.But promise of both shows this developer has a solid road-map for early access.My biggest request for the developer would be to add more player feedback. The happiness rating is a bit hard to understand. I would like more information there. I like the current UI, and i think the game has great sound design. There a couple of small things i'm still trying to figure out, but overall i am very impressed.So, basically, buy this game, support a good RTS title."
,Recommended,466560,30142745,Posted: 24 February,all,BattelMatter,"its a bit like a slow RTS. theirs no real danger, the pacing is kinda slow, and its still early acess. if they make the ai better and add more depth to it, it could be pretty intresting. beat the hard AI 4v4. didnt really seem that challanging"
76561198088212799,Recommended,466560,30142381,Posted: 24 February,all,bulat.shamsutdinov,"Very promising game! It brought me back to what settlers1 felt for the first time. Yet tone is more serious and micro management is much more.But it is RAW, like seriuosly raw. For example - you can't even choose screen resolution. And me having a 5k monitor had severe lag in a game. It can be bypassed by changing display resolution in control panel, but... no resolution selection.. wait wut?And gameplay wise here and there you get some rough edge, but it is solid already!"
76561198011385864,Recommended,466560,30136133,Posted: 24 February,all,CENSURED,"As far as RTS goes this is very casual, though it focuses more on the survival aspects (managing food/wood consumption, dealing with winter, ect) - you won't likely see huge armies as troops are expensive and building ""room"" is scarse, largest army I built was 20 soldiers + warchief; I could have won the game LONG before obtaining this.I don't see PVP being strong in this game as the soldiers are so powerful (1 soldier can easily take out 3 villagers) - so I can imagine a human player would constantly harass your undefended nodes (towers are too expensive to put in all nodes and would cripple you to do so any ways) so it would come down to whether or not the enemy can cripple you early with 1-2 soldiers than a long terms build and fight that you see from traditional RTS.On the plus side, they have found a more balanced RTS in the sense of ""coming back"" - in most RTS games, if you lose your army, it is pretty much over since the enemy still have a force and is consistently adding to it. Due to the strict population control in the game, it would be difficult and costly to expand the army much while rebuilding an army simply costs gold (scarse early but easy to stockpile late into the game.)TLDR: Expect a game that is fun for a bit since it is new and tries to be different in a cookie-cutter RTS genre; don't expect this to go competative."
76561198026337703,Recommended,466560,30136302,Posted: 24 February,all,Apathey,"Fantastic game!First game I've ever borthered to review, only reviewing because the amount of love and details that the developers have put into this game make it so worth the small fee.At the moment gameplay is somewhat limited....but its early access.This game has huge potential.Keep up the great work!"
76561198005159467,Recommended,466560,30136331,Posted: 24 February,all,Wahrheit und Gerechtigkeit,"For a game at alpha stage this is very very well done, I have spent 3.8 hours to explore every inch that is in the game now which translate to 8 years in game time, I've destroyed all my rival, recruited the Giant (Joturn or something) Amassed a warband consist of 15 warrior 1 cheiftain and the giant envoy and slain the wyvern in the harshest winter.Pros-Very well done game with great concept-Remind me of Game Of Thrones somewhat-Very good potential to grow into a master piece (Assuming the Developer don't abandon the game midway))Cons-Overall the game is still lacking in a lot of aspect-Getting way too easy in mid/late game even in the hardest difficulties"
,Recommended,466560,30137145,Posted: 24 February,all,Mooseticles,"Absolutely LOVE the game. Very much like the newer Settlers games where you dont need to establish tranfer routes for resources. I only have a few qualms about the game thus far. I think the maps need to be much much bigger in size, eventually it would be nice to have a ""sandbox"" mode or at least let us turn off match win objectives.The graphics are good! I love the snow blizzards and how they obsure the players view depending on where you are viewing the map from. Perhaps adding some fish to the sea or adding food as a resource for the sailor raids too?Over all very very impressed with this game. It feels very polished for a still in progress dev game!"
76561198022081072,Recommended,466560,30137329,Posted: 24 February,all,LoneWolf,anyone else not being able to play this game becouse one of the files is deleted by anti virus becouse its a trojan.gen8 file ??
,Recommended,466560,30137375,Posted: 24 February,all,Jake,"This game is enjoyable so far and reminds me a lot of 'Ys Strategy' for the Nintendo DS. The content is lacking at the moment but I'm sure the devs have plans to add more: since it's still in early access.ProsGraphics are amazingLoad times into games are almost non-existantVillager roles can be easily changedMultiple victory conditionsLore (Contributes to the game in a variety of ways - even to victory conditions)Warriors and villagers automatically respond to threats in colonized areasConsVictory can be achieved WAY too easily through Wisdom and Trade. I built multiple trading posts and carved stones which gave such a boost to the income of kröwns and lore that none of the AI could keep up with me and I eventually won.The games are very short though you do have the option to continue after you've achieved victory.Very little choice in which combat units - you're either recruiting warriors or chieftains. Would be nice to see more units introduced (such as archers).More defences would be nice. Towers get the job done but holding back larger groups of enemies with a wall while you position your troops would be more strategic (for both attacker and defender).No variety of model/villager design. Would be aesthetically pleasing to see units looking different (eg. warriors holding different weapons, young and old, female villagers).Currently no UI scale. Not a massive issue but a smaller window means the minimap, build list etc. can sometimes get in the way.Campaign and multiplayer are ""coming soon"" which I can definitely see myself playing if the devs add more content in terms of gameplay."
,Recommended,466560,30136452,Posted: 24 February,all,Mallowrabbid,This game Is very good at this early stage and I can totally recommend It for what It Is now. Hopefully the Devs will keep updating It cause this game can be so much more. Please devs don't dump the game this could be the Stardew of the RTS genre.PROS :Beautiful art style.Very challenging with the Survival gameplay added to the core.Will have multiplayer - @ release.Game is well optimized. - This game is very well coded that it hardly lags or stutters. unlike other beta games where you constantly fluctuate between 60 fps to 20-.CONS :Lack of tutorial  - I had a tough time figuring out what Is Important and what to build first also I did not know you couldupgrade your structures.
,Recommended,466560,30134684,Posted: 23 February,all,bryrich,"Great graphics and sound, especially for an early access.  Not a traditional city-builder, more like an RTS, very similar to Warcraft.  Found it very difficult on Normal, will try again on Easy."
76561197998704456,Recommended,466560,32247977,Posted: 7 June,all,deepnox,"Good graphics, nice gameplay, require teamplay in multiplayer.I do recommend!"
76561198089148444,Recommended,466560,32234296,Posted: 7 June,all,Rangor177,Very good RTS/resource management game with a focus on survival for your people rather than building an army and storming the map.
76561198132498392,Recommended,466560,32232658,Posted: 6 June,all,Kansas City Shuffle,"Awesome game! No seriously!By far the best strategy I have played in the past few years. Combines a lot of different features from various strategies such as Stronghold and Warhammer, which I have dreamed to be put into one single game. Its finally here!Overall, its a beatiful survival/tactical strategy with an interesting features that I have never seen before.However! There are few points I would like developers to work on:1)  The army size is a bit of a joke, as getting 10 troops is the hardest thing you can imagine of doing. I understand that troops require food and shelter, but the battles seem to be just too small to be any epic.2) Variety of maps is a bit upsetting, as I have tried a numer, and they do not differ from each other, in fact each map is similar by nearly 80%, with just a couple of things relocated.3) An introduction of a broader range of a natural disasters is just crucial. There is just two. Come on.4) More ways to protect your village will help in making the gameplay more fun, as building the defences is proved to be one of the best things that strategies can offer.5) Aggressive creatures include only three types of enemies, I would like to see at least 10, varying on the maps, from the smallest, to something extremely large and strong.6)It is really annoyin when you have to return to the town hall to grab an available villager and then scroll back to another side of the map to assign him to build something, and then cathing someone again to actually build it, and then cathing a few more to assing to work in the building, meaning every time you need to scroll back and forth to the town hall. the feature to pin the worker to hold the grounds may be a useful addition."
,Recommended,466560,32232880,Posted: 6 June,all,perks,Great game! Civ meets AoE.
,Recommended,466560,30216394,Posted: 27 February,all,Uranium51,"Took me 90 minutes to finish my first playthrough on medium difficulty. As long as you have minimal experience with Civ or Warcraft, the difficulty should be a cakewalk. Differing from a grand strategy or a RTS, this game is more on the indie side, and is relaxing yet fun to play when I just dont feel like dumping hours into a game of Civ or Starcraft's micro.The battles are completely skirmishes, at most four or five warriors are included. Indeed, most of the time, I am just doing the macro, managing food, wood, shelters. The game does feel intense from time to time, even it is rather forgiving on mistakes.Still as the game is in early access, there are some issues here and there: mainly selecting the villagers ---- micro is hell in this game ----, or trade being useless. All in all, I am sure that this game will live up to its potential, and even in the very-unlikely case which it doesn't, it is still a bargain at its current $20 price tag."
,Recommended,466560,30249735,Posted: 28 February,all,darthbored,I don't want your bodyBut I hate to think about you with somebody elseOur love has gone coldYou're intertwining your soul with somebody else
,Not Recommended,466560,30106684,Posted: 22 February,all,Hanzo,"Just played for about 3 hours, and when I finally defeat the 3 AIs on the map after taking control of the final terrain the game crashed, was sort of disapointed after all those hours attacking. I had already lsot from another AI gaining knowledge super fast before me. but would have liked to seen the ending screen not just a crash and game exits.I like the game but for what's offered it's not worth $20.Edit: I feel stupid for paying $20 for it."
,Recommended,466560,30896799,Posted: 2 April,all,Beugnen,Stylised graphics? Check!Reminds me of a mini version of Settlers 7Love it!
76561197975399022,Recommended,466560,32180724,Posted: 4 June,all,JcKGrim51,"FUN GAME!Easy to pickup, play and figure out how to keep your stuff alive while thriving across the map. Each clan makes for different styles of game play, personally like the wolf one.Worth the price, especially if it drops below $20.00..Additionally haven't ran into any issues or clitches, so far and all appears to run smoothly."
76561198067621322,Recommended,466560,32205406,Posted: 5 June,all,FermiCheese,"I really like this game, when I can play it... I have gotten successful launch twice now, all other times getting a generic access denied error. The game is still in very early stages though, so some issues are to be expected.When playing, each clan feels unique, while still decently balanced. My favorite is the Stags, because happiness is not a problem with them really.I look forword to seeing how the tech research progresses, and trying multiplayer.When it works, great game with lots of promise. When it does not work... Sadness."
76561198031124188,Recommended,466560,32116058,Posted: 1 June,all,DutchCanuck,Great concept and easy to learn. Sometimes you will get bored because of waiting till you have enough resources to continue but you get used to it.  Many possiblities to beat the gameWould recommend it 8/10
,Recommended,466560,32206753,Posted: 5 June,all,Moonborne,"Really fun game, easy to understand but difficult to master. Reminds me about a mix of Settlers and AoE. Despite being in early access, the game is super smooth and well worked out, feels like a full release."
,Recommended,466560,32222089,Posted: 6 June,all,E25,I can spawn-kill the valkyrieHe he he
,Recommended,466560,32292395,Posted: 9 June,all,ÜberMurloc csgoroll.com,"I spent the whole game trying to befriend the Jötnar, finally did it and got the unit, super happy and ready to crush some skulls. Raven clan wisdom victory 1 minute later.10/10 would starve for Jötnar again"
76561198311818622,Recommended,466560,32302416,Posted: 9 June,all,osamabeentokin,"Early Access? 400 MB? That didn't exactly give me feelings of hope...But I saw the gameplay video and I was hungry for a good RTS, so I paid the paltry 20$ and went along. My first session lasted 11 hours, and I never looked back....There is nothing buggy so far, a perfect mix of Banished and old school Settlers with nice graphs and a suprisingly simple yet addictive gameplay. Good job, ppl!"
,Recommended,466560,32300139,Posted: 9 June,all,Gramps Tewks,"TLDR: Age of Empires and Civilization had a SEXY F*CKIN BABY.I don't often write reviews, but Northgard deeply deserves one. This game is better than most similar titles that I've played on Steam, and it's still Early Access!! The devs are extremely active, uploading small patches several times daily, and the game promises to continue to grow and flesh out rapidly under their caring attention.Northgard is easily worth $20 as-is. It is well-balanced, profoundly deep strategically, visually and auditorially stunning, and above all, FUN AS HELL. You can win 5 (five!) different ways, which really makes you feel like the master of your clan's destiny! My favorite is to conquer the site of an ancient tree and then go ham on food production in order to pay its massive colonization cost it for the win.If you love strategy, plop down a Tubman and take this wonderful ride~"
,Recommended,466560,32301454,Posted: 9 June,all,Vamathi,Get raided by Raven clan when you least expect it and be salty like I was. 10/10 experience.
,Recommended,466560,32305265,Posted: 9 June,all,Ascalon,Kinda into this game.. I hope there will be other combat units
,Recommended,466560,32276972,Posted: 8 June,all,Namuskeeper,"A great mix of both RTS & Survival genres.PS: Watch out for winters, they seem to be harsher than the ones in ""Winterfell""."
,Recommended,466560,32291338,Posted: 9 June,all,xDetious,"Very fun game, not a whole lot of strategy, depending on the starting tiles but satisfying regardless.The A.I seems to make strange decisions and appears to get ahead MUCH faster than you're able to.The only other thing that bugs me is the happiness system. It seems so...fake. It doesn't feel like happiness.Happiness should go down because:-Not enough resources. Food/krowns/woodAlready implemented in the game, works great.-Over colonization. Not under colonizationThe game punishes you for not expanding fast. I can understand with certain factions that this could be a buff or debuff. But why not have it where one faction likes to expand and another likes to hold one strong, fortified hold? Or is it the viking sterotype that we should just pillage and conquer? It would give the gameplay some variety but I also see how in the current game state you would just fall behind. Just a thought.-Hitting the population limitThis one obviously makes sense. Though what I really don't like is the ""expected happiness."" What is that? So every new villiger you get it increases the expected happiness by a scaling percentage until it hits the next interval? And when you have enough villigers but not enough territories, or breweries or any other odd things that add happiness it'll begin to drop. But why? In my mind I try and think what could realistically be making them unhappy. I have proper housing, food, krowns, wood, military and some territories. could not expanding enough and not having breweries really cause anarchy like that? Like I said I'm looking at this realistically because I want them to feel like a proper viking society but these are just my opinions. Maybe other buildings could provide small happiness bonuses. I know you can research happiness techs as well but it's a hassle to get.I think the happiness system could be completely revamped because right now it just feels like positive numbers and negative numbers.Your happiness is 0!You got a new territory +1 happiness!You got a new villager -1 happiness!Too many wounded -1 happiness!You got a new territory +0 happiness!You got a military unit! +1 happiness!Your happiness is 0!But what does any of that mean?It just feels unnatural. Perhaps the happiness factor can start at 50 (content) and will increase or decrease based on your treatment of your population, instead of not colonizing fast enough or having too many people. Perhapes something like the endless series.All in all this is a fun and interesting take on RTS games. I'm usually really slow at games like this because I enjoy turn based strategy but this was a good find! 9/10!"
,Recommended,466560,32280472,Posted: 8 June,all,Destrinity,"Very good game,requires skill and brain and everygame is different from the last one,waiting for ranked competitive mode!Hope they will work on it a lot because it can become a great strategy game!"
,Recommended,466560,32281430,Posted: 8 June,all,Dark Wanderer,"It's ♥♥♥♥ing good, yo."
,Recommended,466560,32278232,Posted: 8 June,all,Dee Bee,"If you like supporting promising early access, pull the trigger.   The content that is there is a lot of fun but there's not a lot."
76561198007498192,Recommended,466560,32274401,Posted: 8 June,all,MesaTheWise,"Northgard was a great experience for me. Even as a game preview, it outshines a lot of its competitors, despite some setbacks. I'll be rating this game and its features on a scale of 1 to 5, 5 being excellent and 1 being abysmal. But first, let's discuss what the game's about.Northgard is best described as a resource management RTS combining some of the best elements of its predecessors like Warcraft and Age of Empires. The procedurally-generated maps are small enough to provide faster games but large enough to make exploring them part of the fun. The gameplay is a PvPvE format with strong emphasis on PvE; most of the enemies I've had to deal with in my playthroughs have been wolves, bears and draugar. Combined with the constant threat of random disaster events, like earthquakes and blizzards, and raids by rival clans, life in Northgard is hard. The game also relies on 12-month calender with the last few months of the year bringing about winter weather, causing your clan to consume more resources and generate them slower. If you can overcome these challenges, victory is assured. As long as the other clans don't overcome first, that is.GRAPHICS: 3.5/5 - The graphics are good, but nothing to write home about. Solid visuals overall.SOUND: 3.5/5 - Again, solid sound as far tools clanging, warriors shouting and animals roaring, but I can't even remember what the music sounds like as I'm writing this.PLAYABILITY: 4.5/5 - The UI is pretty simple and everything is condensed down to a couple of small menus, from how many clansmen/women you have assigned to what positions to which buildings you can build. There are a couple of hiccups here and there, such as clicking on the Warrior portrait and only being able to select one with that method, but is rather solid beyond that.OVERALL: 4/5 - Despite some underwhelming visuals and sounds, the gameplay is simplistic enough to allow anyone of any skill level to play and complex enough to challenge even the most skilled RTS veterans. With more content yet to be released and a procedurally-generated map that makes every game different, Northgard is a wonderful addition to anyone's library."
,Recommended,466560,32279413,Posted: 8 June,all,Huyhnguy,"This is the first strategy game i've touched in years but, for such a game, it was so welcoming! The last time I've tried a strategy game, I quickly dropped it because I felt clueless and slightly overwhelmed. That was definitely not the case here. The game is very simple to pick up and learn. As a side note, all the art you see in the main menu is beautiful! If this game had merchandise such as posters or a picture book I would really consider buying it. Looking forward to the full release of the game!"
,Recommended,466560,32276729,Posted: 8 June,all,raveN!,Awesome rts game with survival elements. Has a bit of learning curve and it needs a little polishing.
76561198059291829,Recommended,466560,32298760,Posted: 9 June,all,daymo6000,"This game is a simple, RTS, Civilisation lite kinda game.There is nothing at all special about it seemingly.....and I love it.I find it hard to say why I recommend it - I just do.Like The Long Dark and Elite Dangerous (it is not in any way similar to these games), it is an Early Access title that clearly has not got all of it's content yet but the player experience is amazing, slick and polished in a way that many AAA games are not.Buy it.  It is tons of fun!"
,Recommended,466560,32297800,Posted: 9 June,all,Dat Fish,"Great game with a decent amount of depth. It's easy to learn the basics. There are some bugs that can be quite annoying at times but other than that it is really solid. The cartoony art style is excecuted very well. The game feels like a mix between ""The Settlers"", ""Banished"" and ""Age of Empires 2""."
76561198048660846,Recommended,466560,32272195,Posted: 8 June,all,TGR Java,Good RTS game with quite a few unique and interesting mechanics. I strongly recommend this.
76561198017303506,Recommended,466560,32272596,Posted: 8 June,all,MjimK,"Was on the long search for a ""Settlers-Game"" with a note of innovation. Found it ! and its great !"
76561198013907351,Recommended,466560,32272961,Posted: 8 June,all,mdiesel95,"Wow Really fun, easy to play and it makes you want to get better and better! Works in ultra wide as well."
76561197973090844,Recommended,466560,32271846,Posted: 8 June,all,Junior70,"Awesome game, the multiplayer has been released for it so going to try it out today!"
,Recommended,466560,32290281,Posted: 9 June,all,Xaiveen,i would recomend it veri gud spageti
76561198041299300,Recommended,466560,32292812,Posted: 9 June,all,InsomniaCat,"I really enjoy this game and I highly recommend it overall. This does still feel like an early access game but definitely feels like it has more polish and love on it than most others. Still I find it hard to decide if my crticisms are based on my own ability or valid gripes. Overall the game is simple. A few core resources that are fairly easy to obtain but make or break the rate of your progress with a Lore system that guides how you choose to approach each scenario, limited resources existing to empower you where your clan is strong or aid where your clan is weak. The real meat of the game encountered mid game where you must seize by whatever means to give yourself an edge. This absolutely includes wiping the map clean of opposing clans.Overall its fun and your failures feel fair, and the simplicity rapidly becomes a complicated struggle as map events can force unready players to delay or divert resources to survive, and open major opportunities for those prepared to take the lead.My primary criticism. And this may be a fault on me. Is that the random map generation can feel too punishing. For example, fertile land as your only food resource, while fantastic when obtained with a secondary food source, alone it becomes majorly punishing as that becomes 100% needed during the winters. This often resulted in my play of that particular map digging me into a hole. All the food ending up being used during the winters, leaving extremely little time gather food to expand territory to the next food resource. And a single winter storm will drain it seemingly instantly making the problem worse as this completely halts your population growth making expansion near impossible. Combined with certain territories having low building caps and ideal territories having npc threats that are far too strong for an early game warband makes for games where seems impossible to win.Despite that, when the random generation feels fair and my opponents seem to progress as fast if not faster than I am. Its where the game really blossoms. It starts to feel like a real race. A territory denied to an opponent can feel like a major victory. But just failing to generate the resources to expand to space you need can feel like it slows you down. And smart investments into the lore system can likewise feel like it can turn the tables. Victory rarely feels too one sided. Except military domination victory. Where of course that is kind of the intent.The only other issue is combat while a very effective means of victory feels like it needs some work and tends to feel somewhat unsatisfying.It is a bit of an early access experience. But I am very much hopeful to see what is brought to the future patches and updates."
,Recommended,466560,32284288,Posted: 8 June,all,Hardráda,fun little sandbox-style RTS lite. a little barebones at the moment but the atmosphere is gorgeous and makes for a very relaxing play experience. hopefully development will continue to add new content to flesh out the game more
,Recommended,466560,32285662,Posted: 9 June,all,KendRICK,I bought Northgard resently and i've already had i ton of fun! Love the multiplayer function and the concept! The servers could need some improvements though. But all in all very nice game!
76561198093364001,Recommended,466560,32281150,Posted: 8 June,all,DofG,i love this game
76561198022416904,Recommended,466560,32285156,Posted: 9 June,all,Spoilt Milk,"I like city builders and real time strategy games, this one definitely ticks the box.Although the game obviously being under development, it feels like it just needs icing on the cake.. a lot of icing.The game will last you roughly a day or two unless you want to smash out the achievements.There definitely needs to be more upgrades and expansions for this game to feel more polished.Recommend 8/10 - needs more patches, quite happy with where this is going, perhaps some more lore and in depth role/class choices?"
76561197965006127,Recommended,466560,32293130,Posted: 9 June,all,MOUSECORD,Amazing
,Recommended,466560,32278038,Posted: 8 June,all,Gabstep,"Stunning.This game is excellent and should go beyond your expectations. Some minor flaws with the mechanics but for an early access game, i'm pretty sure this will fall down to one of the best RTS game i've played so far. Very intuitive and easy to play, took me less than 2 hours to fully understand the gameplay.Looking forward to the upcoming updates !"
76561198057635549,Recommended,466560,32274596,Posted: 8 June,all,davidala,Pritty good art work. well balanced. Bugs wich cause wisdom victory in multiplayer to malfunction(can't win).
76561198105455405,Recommended,466560,32271203,Posted: 8 June,all,Drullputte,It's very fun and easily highly addictive. Buy it and play with friends or if you don't have friends.. well
,Recommended,466560,32271215,Posted: 8 June,all,PulsatingHyperPenis,THIS!! YES
76561198132751788,Recommended,466560,32279287,Posted: 8 June,all,Hugo Strange,"Really well made game, very easy to run, good platform for new strategy gamers with a high level of play involved for those who understand the concept of the game.With constant up dates and improvements i think this game could go big. Even in Beta i'm finding it addictive.Few errors, my main concern is that the victory conditions for the ""map special"" are far too easy to complete vs computer bots and further more the bots definitely need to be more of a challenge; hard difficulty isn't as difficult as you might  aspect .I also find the start of the game to be very vague on help and doesn't offer new players much assistance.I also hope that the animations for the victories can be seen, for example when creating ""Odin's sword"" it would be nice to see the sword being built in the ground. judging by the main menu's it looked like Odins' sword would do that, but in reality when crafting the sword there inst much interaction, i think the main problem is that the game feels like it could be very easy to just sit back and grind with out too much problem and easy win through trade victory.However saying this i'm sure the developers know what they;'re doing and as i said before this is a really good game and  i can't wait to see what they do with the campaign and other feature."
,Recommended,466560,32274777,Posted: 8 June,all,G3EK,"The game is really well.Never tried the multiplayer mode yet, but will for sure.I recommend this game."
76561197963351151,Recommended,466560,32268745,Posted: 8 June,all,Gapa Jamen lol,i most say this is a nice Game if you like RTS it a buy.
,Recommended,466560,32268318,Posted: 8 June,all,Chello,This game is worth buying. Endless hours of entertainment and challenging.
76561198029085957,Recommended,466560,32267648,Posted: 8 June,all,RollOut,"strategy game, with a high dificult surviving, loved it"
76561198127032613,Recommended,466560,32786397,Posted: 25 June,all,Fizzwerth,"I like it, not as fast paced as a true RTS, but you're not waiting around for your turn to end like you do in Civ. (games also don't take hours to finish)"
76561198077105204,Recommended,466560,32772664,Posted: 25 June,all,Ma t'en CALISSER une !,"very good RTS, easy to learn hard to master !"
,Recommended,466560,32776676,Posted: 25 June,all,TiDi0X,"This is a solid game you can just pick up and play for a couple hours and not get overly sucked into. Each single player game maybe last 2-3 hours depending on what the final objective it. The mechanics I would say are a mix of warcraft, civ, and banish; smaller troop sizes make for easier for managing both resources and controlled areas.If I had one downside to the game I would say that it would be nice to have a story mode that slotted in with the game, the single player is just random modes; Although fun it would be nice to have that base story line similar to something like warcraft."
,Recommended,466560,32780035,Posted: 25 June,all,Gromarch,Been waiting for a cozy game like this. Even in EA it really delivers entertainment worth your while.Check out some gameplay on youtube to see if it´s something for you.
76561198064275519,Recommended,466560,32774971,Posted: 25 June,all,SickeningSpit666,"Played this game for a few hours (feels like more than that lol), I feel like i have seen most of what this game is at this point in time in its development. But it seems the devs are always hard at work and coming out with updates/changes.Really fun game i definitely recommend, for early access you get a lot more than your moneys worth. Has a lot of replayability and doesnt get boring playing single-player or multi-player.-It feels a little bit like a cross between Age Of Empires and Civilization? to me. But all norse mythology which is really cool. I like that it is sorta fast paced feeling compared to those games though, your little village grows into a large settlement seemingly quick.-not a ton of buildings and units to train right now but it is early access and for its current state of development i feel it sits in a good spot as far as the variety of what you can build and train. and the upgrade tools is awesome to buff your units.- The graphics are polished and nice to look at definitely no complaints there even the character models look decent, however there is no graphics settings? so i dont know what resolution its running in (i have a 4k tv i play on so i assume its the native 3840 x 2160), or if there are any other enhancements like Antialiasing or ambient occlusion or the level of shaders or anything.Overall its great game so far, I mainly give this a thumbs up because even right now you get your moneys worth and i have faith in the devs that in the near future its going to be somehow even more worth it."
76561197986719090,Recommended,466560,32770041,Posted: 25 June,all,Daxten,Top game!
,Recommended,466560,32766293,Posted: 25 June,all,"""ezy""",This game have a good future
76561198003630772,Recommended,466560,32768423,Posted: 25 June,all,P{A}T,Pretty fun game.
76561198060351424,Recommended,466560,32760536,Posted: 25 June,all,dbpeel,i've played 8 games so far and i've found it a pretty fun game. the one thing that i think might need improvment is the ai taking relations into account when attacking you since i've been attacked when the ai has positive rlationship with me.
,Recommended,466560,32761807,Posted: 25 June,all,Metal Man,Ever Played the old settlers games?Think something like that mixed with a bit of Age of Empires and a bit like banished's style of survival of the elements and growing the clan.Good Fun game but currently at this point only has the one mode and no story yet developed.Get while its cheap.
76561198127560719,Recommended,466560,32756924,Posted: 24 June,all,20 pc McNuggets,"At the time of writing this review, I've only played a few hours, but have already fallen in love with the game.Much like other reviews have stated, it reminds me a lot of AoE. I'm a huge fan of  RTS games, and I'm so happy I found this one. Although there is no formal tutorial, the game is easy to get started, with little hints as you go along. The gameplay is very smooth and maps are randomized so every game you play will have unique features for you to discover. Even with whatever the game currently has to offer, I see many hours of enjoyable gameplay ahead.There is so much potential that I see for this game. I hope that the developers acknowledge the existing community of players and listen to feedback for potential updates and new content. All in all, I would definitely reccomend buying this game and seeing what it has to offer."
76561198272920991,Recommended,466560,30204147,Posted: 26 February,all,unknown,"Bought on early access and totally worth it! Nicely designed, fun to play, can't wait for bigger updates <3"
,Recommended,466560,32840622,Posted: 26 June,all,mnu,Well this game is really ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  tbh
76561198083679717,Recommended,466560,32332590,Posted: 10 June,all,El Bandito     csgolive.com,So me and my friend got this together. we started at 9 at night and now its 4 in the morning....
,Recommended,466560,32334678,Posted: 10 June,all,Gunninja,"King of Northgard, Dragonslayer, Friend of Jötnar, Legendary Gaurdian, Warlord.You will acquire many titles on your adventures in Northgard.You can acheive victory 5 different ways in most games and the variety is compelling.I have enjoyed my time thus far and believe I will enjoy many more hours."
,Recommended,466560,32349294,Posted: 11 June,all,KrazyDaz,"Fantastic game.At first glance it appears things will be easy and that there isn't too much to the game, however I was very wrong. Tons of depth to the game, and such beautiful artwork.If you like strategy games then get this one as you won't be disappointed. Also, the single player campaign is yet to be added so more fun installed for when it is."
76561198002567184,Recommended,466560,32345906,Posted: 11 June,all,Björn Thünderfist,Excellent Game. Would pillage again.
76561198067402397,Recommended,466560,32351272,Posted: 11 June,all,[SGW] I Bims,"nice strategy game,devs doing cool changes and work very nice to update the game and bring new elements in."
,Recommended,466560,32353079,Posted: 11 June,all,ZFawvNation,Super fun and unique RTS game. I cant wait for the campaign
,Recommended,466560,32346299,Posted: 11 June,all,FatherMiso,Tile based game with lots of potential.This is Early Access but for the price point its good enough as is.But I hope they add more.Not because they need it purely because I want more.Been playing multiplayer with a mate. 2 v 2 AI. Lots of fun.Would love some Co-Op missions. More diversity in the clans etc.But still going to enjoy it as is.But please make the campaign co-op.
76561198093778420,Recommended,466560,32346600,Posted: 11 June,all,beratb,"Northgard is one of the best games I've ever played. It runs smoothly, I had no crashes or so, game has beautiful graphics and in-game mechanics are great. Feels like an indie-Civ5 plus some city-building. Definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,466560,32352845,Posted: 11 June,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"i LOVE the game ""banished"" and this is basically the same survival aspect but now i can fight the environment, against AI, and i can do it all with my friends.banished with co op/PVP is genius. can't recommend this game enough"
,Recommended,466560,32351572,Posted: 11 June,all,dis_the_chris,"Very fun. Very good mechanics, very interesting AI decisions. Very fun game.Haven't tried multiplayer but singleplayer is great :)"
76561198073950158,Recommended,466560,32351321,Posted: 11 June,all,Vennismax,"Wow this really sucked me in. I instantly played hours and couldn't put it away. It didnt experience any problems or any huge bugs anywhere.I'ts not a all free map RTS, it's bit like Company of Heroes with the land-takeovers. But the management of resources and units with all the map conditions can make it really challenging. Very amusing style of graphics, not ground-breaking but looks good.Sometimes the map is a bit chaotic and selecting free units resets the viewpoint, which can be annoying when chaos is around, like when you try to select a villager to put out a fire you kinda have to relookup the fire again because selecting the fire resets the villager selection and selecting the villager resets the map position.. so a lot of unneeded scrolling."
,Recommended,466560,32356933,Posted: 11 June,all,WaveOnWave,"Extremely fun, makes time fly."
,Recommended,466560,32328294,Posted: 10 June,all,Vienticus Prime,"It's a game where the mechanics are fairly simple, but the mastery takes a little work. It's light, yet challenging, and draws you in fairly well. The endgame could use a little work, but I still enjoy it."
76561197997321643,Recommended,466560,32333477,Posted: 10 June,all,Shorn,"So far game is looking good as a casual RTS, although it gets boring and repititive after you've completed playing all the factions. Would love to have a campaign/story mode soon or something more randomized to give it more replay value. Although that being said, it's still in development phase and has alot of potential. Please add a necro/dark faction as well where you can raise the dead or something, that'll be really cool! And maybe a beast/monster tamer class as well."
76561198055504570,Recommended,466560,32333121,Posted: 10 June,all,ed.original,"Game is fun considering it's Early Access :) I used to love games like Settlers and Age of Empires, so this game fits right in my game library 10/10For developers:Large maps could be a little bit bigger, playing multiplayer 2v2, my ally could not expand as there was one and same zone for both of us to continue futher in to the map.Obvioulsy I know this is coming at some point, but I would like to see more customisation: Different factions would have their villagers look different as so on, maybe some banners or something :)Overall : Great game ! Looking forward for future content !"
76561198054294424,Recommended,466560,32272565,Posted: 8 June,all,Zantom Kross,The best way I can describe this game would be the perfect blend of Civilization and Age of Empires with its own mechanics to be an incredible experience.  Looking forward to what this game will be when finished.
,Recommended,466560,32343784,Posted: 11 June,all,Solembum,"Pros:-the world, the names, the gods and all these nordic theme is very well done (am a fan of the northern legends and all)-it's amaizingly beautiful and yet simple, there is no eye agression with hundreds of vivid colors, it's..peaceful to watchCons:-online, the game will at least last 1 hour if it's a domination (kill all enemies) type of game, which is too long since the aim is to fight-too slow and too repetitive-not enough intel about the pros and cons of some buildings and how to ""stack"" their upgrades (not sure if pro or con)just keep in mind that even if it looks like a ""quick"" RTS such as AoE3 or SC2, the lenght of one game is much longer, can even last as much as a CIV game (almost)TL;DR: beautiful and calm graphism, excellent ideas of gameplay, yet a bit too slow10/10 would play it everyday but no more than one game"
76561198071929181,Recommended,466560,32367870,Posted: 12 June,all,GraysonSensei,"Hope this game gets regularly updated, surprisingly good game!"
76561198021069194,Recommended,466560,32367689,Posted: 12 June,all,EBYaro,"Northgard is an interesting take on the RTS, it plays out very well as a cometitive multiplayer game, with approximately a 1-2 hour game time. As an incomplete game, it still merits a good deal of playtime, and once the game is complete, and undoubtably much more full of clan variety, and win conditions, I expect it will be an even better experience."
,Recommended,466560,32368621,Posted: 12 June,all,PESUkarhuVISIO,Very addictive builder game which seems a complete product even without the campaign mode which is still to come.Under almost innocent graphics lies a challenging survival game taking place in mythological new continent just found. Didn't encounter any bugs or frustration on my firts 9 hours of gametime.
,Recommended,466560,32359584,Posted: 12 June,all,MBRO95,Incredible for an Early Access title. Get it now before they raise the price on this beaut!
76561198100175850,Recommended,466560,32427072,Posted: 15 June,all,Wolvo,Reallly nice game!  i can't wait for the campaing and more stuff! more people need to play this!
,Recommended,466560,32476665,Posted: 16 June,all,captain grimes,i really like this game in my opinon its a great mix of Civ and rimworld
,Recommended,466560,32495786,Posted: 16 June,all,dlshadow07,This is quite a refreshing experience and a wonderful game despites of a few unpolished things:It starts quite slow yet once you get on the right track it starts to pick up. That is mainly because it's based to much around surviving and establishing an economy instead of letting you plan the next attack. Your people will complain about food and unhappiness.The A.I. also needs more work though I will not get into that.That said I do understand this is Early Access and that's why I'm quite excited to see what a finished product will look like. The game looks wonderful and I would recommend trying it.
,Recommended,466560,32499116,Posted: 17 June,all,Sirhc,very well made game
,Recommended,466560,32529120,Posted: 18 June,all,EmanWorld,"First of all sorry for my bad english.I played this game for 14,5 hours and it was the best game that i ever had.Don't think about buying it or not, Just do it."
,Recommended,466560,32519655,Posted: 17 June,all,H3GE,Great Game!
76561198234745616,Recommended,466560,32157914,Posted: 3 June,all,MindCrusader,"There is always out of memory exception after long game. But anyway game is really fine, mechanics are interesting and if developed well it can be really nice game"
,Recommended,466560,32158558,Posted: 3 June,all,Thunder Wave,This game is freaking awsome <3
76561198026076197,Recommended,466560,32159462,Posted: 3 June,all,Xcales,Great game for the money.  Really excited to see what the devs will do next.  Game does crash but can be expected for early access.
76561198067023915,Recommended,466560,32166218,Posted: 3 June,all,AgonyClutch,Good rts! smart gameplay not a million units that just zerg u and win maps play a big role in what will happen. make sure to have enough food for the winter ;D 10/10
,Recommended,466560,32166593,Posted: 3 June,all,Bur//A\\kdlm,"It is a really really good game, but after 2 hours you can expand everything with your army, no other options needed.."
76561198128537339,Recommended,466560,32165850,Posted: 3 June,all,Ukihva,"Good game, not the best at it myself as can only beat easy AI but I still come back to play it.  Hoping for a campaign as I prefer that side of games, like me some backstory."
,Recommended,466560,32165866,Posted: 3 June,all,s1nk0,"Northgard is an answer to a question I've asked myself while playing other similar titles:What if Banished had combat? What if Age of Empires was slower paced and focused more on city building? What if Civ wasn't turned based?Recently getting into RTS, Northgard is the game I've been looking for in my search; this game is very easy to get into but can be challenging enough. Everything you build serves a purpose and nothing is gone to waste in order to achieve victory. I have not played MP as I am more of an SP man myself, which has me even more excited for final release with campaign mode on the horizon. Overall, I think Northgard offers something unique and dare I say innovative to the RTS genre.Of course, being EA means not everything is smooth as eggs, but I think this is one EA title worth investing early in. So far, I have not experienced any game breaking bugs or the like. I feel the current build is stable and balanced enough to be enjoyed for now."
,Recommended,466560,32264614,Posted: 8 June,all,Gemini,"Still a WIP, but a great little strategy game, multiplayer is already up, solid, and populated."
,Recommended,466560,32266302,Posted: 8 June,all,Jayson,GG
76561198260545649,Recommended,466560,32267402,Posted: 8 June,all,SANTOS,"Love this simple game, no need focus and just relax on my pc.cant wait more updates."
76561198006920960,Recommended,466560,32376170,Posted: 12 June,all,REvil89,"Great little game, however I did complete it with all clans on Hard within 11 hours. I would like to see an extreme setting or Ultra and wish they would add more content.For example there are 3 types of troops but you only really need Warriors with 1/2 Axe men to destroy most armys.The nutral NPC's are hard for the first 20/30mins of each game but once you get the Beserker they become redundant, Would be nice to see some big giants/monsters that protect Stone and Iron to make it hard to get the 4 slot resource pits.The domination games are the best to play as the other win victorys end to quickly.I would recommend this game for the price I paid for it (which was 15% off  = £12.75 at the time of writting this review)."
,Recommended,466560,32376308,Posted: 12 June,all,froggy687,"If you loved Cultures back UN the day your going to love this, I spent 4 hours on a 1v1 match learning the game and loved every minute"
76561197992104389,Recommended,466560,32375567,Posted: 12 June,all,Jackral,"Such a refreshing nice survival / STR game ! Love it, and recommand it, hope it's just the beginning and it will grow upKeep it up !"
76561198395558602,Recommended,466560,32384501,Posted: 13 June,all,Luthien,Love it so far and its only the alpha version no complaints here 10/10
,Recommended,466560,32382065,Posted: 12 June,all,Native,"Great game. Dont get me wrong the game needs a bit of work, however its future looks bright."
76561198061540797,Recommended,466560,32379253,Posted: 12 June,all,47,It's actually a REALLY good RTS game. Highly recommended!!
76561197971205451,Recommended,466560,32378477,Posted: 12 June,all,Mugulord,"So far so good, excellent successor to RTS, almost it's own genre. Worth the play just to see what they are up to."
,Recommended,466560,32377987,Posted: 12 June,all,OverRated.NrSeven,"Amazing potential! Keep up the good work.Be sure to give us the ability to edit game settings more,maybe so mod support, and this game will be a LEGENDARY addition to your library.About the game:This to me feels like a mixture of the settlers & age of empires.Throw ontop of that the 4x victory conditions, research & trading and you have Northgard.It is amazing!This review is not done yet"
76561198165496066,Recommended,466560,32378729,Posted: 12 June,all,Vladimir Puddin',"Great game so far, hope they keep adding to it."
76561198133842073,Recommended,466560,32259730,Posted: 7 June,all,Muddy1,This game is a ton of fun. Well worth the 20$ price.
76561198053338962,Recommended,466560,32264434,Posted: 8 June,all,jarmez,"Its got a mix of a city builder, command and conquer, civilisation and The Horde 😎 what more do you want in a game. Brilliant stuff. Well worth it"
76561197993792215,Recommended,466560,32262472,Posted: 8 June,all,Camo WreckingBall,"8/10 Solid game but feels a little empty, constant improvements so far aswell but god damn it needs like a villagers outpost for better global control im sick of running my guys back to change them to villagers!! :P"
76561198103909933,Recommended,466560,32260948,Posted: 7 June,all,Edgy Eddie,I am not a very expierenced RTS gamer but i love to play them Age of mythology is one of my favorites. Anywasy i love this game its a little slow at the start for me but it os so much fun i enjoy the gameplay. my cpu can run this very well its a very beatiful game. i hope the campaign comes soon. this game is very promising. btw this was worht my money
76561198002189495,Recommended,466560,32259577,Posted: 7 June,all,rovaira2,"I'll have to play this a bit more before I make up my mind completely. It is fun to play so far at least.The positives:Good size mapRandom maps from my understandingDifferent types of buildingsReources that can be tradedThe negative:I'd say one would be you can only build 2-4 buildings in each peice of landYou can only build a certain amount of units per building as there is a cap, but you can upgrade it somewhat. Stilll the number of unites is pretty limited for example for the army.It's a little hard to keep track of your entire map and units; it's not like Civilization for example where it brings you to the next units turn.Overall:I'd say it's fun to play and seems to work pretty good. There are areas where it could get better, but I'm enjoying so far.  I'm not exactly sure what could make this game better though; possibly larger army sizes, more resources, making it easier to find your units, etc."
76561198005615605,Recommended,466560,32281457,Posted: 8 June,all,Lethal Games,"Northgard is a game that combines alot of familiar elements of strategy games which fans of Civilization and other 4X games will immediately recognize. It's a unique blend of 4X, RTS, and survival genres. For a full detailed overview, check out my video here:https://youtu.be/SZ6XXlCcm2cPros:Charming Visuals (Though your opinion may vary)Easy to pick up, but hard to masterGood mixture of genresActive DevsCons:Balancing issuesLacklustre combat systemNot enough content depthOverall Northgard is a solid game in its current state and most of the cons can be easily fixed (and are being fixed) during the early access phase. It has the potential to be a fantastic game."
,Recommended,466560,32199050,Posted: 5 June,all,lemit93,Very GOOD game for an early access!!!This game looks like age and civ had a son. Played finished games worst than this.AND WINTER IS COMING..... yeah yeah its a good joke on the first 5 reviews xD
,Recommended,466560,32956336,Posted: 28 June,all,WoodenLamp,Such a good game!
,Recommended,466560,32956081,Posted: 28 June,all,Kaulder,If Banished and AoE had a baby.
,Recommended,466560,32962214,Posted: 28 June,all,T. Soprano,"Very good first impression after playing a few hours of a multiplayer match. It certainly has that Age of Empires RTS feel where you're assigning villagers to different jobs for resources and building up your empire. But instead, you're using vikings. Even though I went in totally blind, having looked at no tutorials beforehand, I was able to figure out the game mechanics pretty easy. Anyone with RTS experience is going to pick it up relatively easy.Instead of doing pros and cons, I'll just quickly say what it did right or wrong. The viking theme works really well for this game and it's my understanding that each of the 5 clans have a unique ability (the Wolf Clan has Berserkers and the Raven Clan can hire mercenaries, for example). I hope they work hard to differentiate the 5 clans in the future so that each one is truly unique to the game. There's also a surprising amount of constructable buildings for an early access and I found myself utilizing each building during my playthrough; I wasn't just building stuff for the hell of it. My friend made the mistake of not using healers during the winter time and all of his villagers straight up died. Not only do you need to keep track of the season so you can save precious resources, but you have to prepare for random disasters: earthquakes, rat infestations, and blizzards. I'd like to see more of these in the future to amp up the difficulty but so far, I'm pleased with that survival aspect of the game. You're not just competing against players, you're competing against the elements.Now let's talk about some of its lower points. There are a very small number of military units and enemies. This can be forgiven because it's still in early access but I hope they put their money to good use and implement a lot more. The dock, where you can launch raids for fame or lore, doesn't seem to do much either other than passively gain resources. And as far as I can tell, there's no way to travel the sea or launch real coastal raids on other factions. I hope they introduce more complex mechanics with the dock, possibly with controllable ships that can carry units by sea to attack other players. Also, the exploration seems kind of empty. You stumble across ancient ruins and shipwrecks only to find a 100 gold and some lore. Perhaps that's something that could be expanded on in the future. Speaking of which, the lore system isn't very compelling. Options seem limited at the moment but I'm sure it will be expanded. The only other thing I can think of is the building placement, which seems to mimic AoE in that you can't rotate buildings. I wish RTS games would stop putting those limitations in and allow more diverse building placement. The city building has always been a focal point for me and the more freedom, the better.All in all, it's definitely worth a buy (especially during the Steam Summer Sale). It's a fun little game with a lot of potential.   I hope they realize just how much potential it has because the foundations are there. Depending on how far they take this game, it could be something truly special. Only time will tell."
,Recommended,466560,32961744,Posted: 28 June,all,Moose,I really enjoy this game8/ 10 for early access game9 / 10 awesome graphics and world map7 / 10 building5 / 10 combatI think there is alot of potential here. a pause buttom would be nice  too!
,Recommended,466560,32961354,Posted: 28 June,all,LordDiniz,"I bought Northgard expecting an Age of Mythology-like game, but I was wrong!Northgard is a RTS game with a very different way to play, which I liked a lot! This game has a very good potential to it!I still have to play more times to be able to evaluate it fully, but my first play was really fun, with some difficulty to understand some of the mechanics at first, but as I got the way to go, the game was very good! It just seemed to need more battle, the ability to have slightly bigger armies and maybe the possibility to have some mythical creatures on your side, as they are already present in the game as aggressive NPCs on the map..."
,Recommended,466560,32960628,Posted: 28 June,all,1Life4Death,fun game. a lot more simple compare to the civ games but still diffcult enough to meet my need of wanting to dominate AI in single player.
,Recommended,466560,32963322,Posted: 28 June,all,C-zom,"I took to Steam in search for a 4X or light-RTS to pass the time. What choices I had were badly reviewed, unfinished or released broken. A few AAA titles remained but I had played them already. After mashing a specific queue I made a few times, Northgard appears. I liked the art style, smoothness of the videos, and aesthetic pleased me. So I downloaded it at full price and gave it a whirl.While nothing here astonishes you or will compell you to discover new heights in the genre, what we have instead is a pleasant and enjoyable tiny sandbox upon which the developers will hopefully add the breadth of content it badly needs.EA Score: 3.5/5, Recommended at asking price, but bored buyers beware, it does not have a lot of content.Pros:*Excellent visual and audio design framework across the board. Great sprites, environments, weather effects, map design, art style. I left the music on (rare for me) and it looped right into the background.*Each faction has an interesting hook, even if they all take forks that lead back into the same road.*Varied objectives that recently got rebalanced (but need it again) like cutural, tech, economy or killing victories.*Has a stable multiplayer client, but is best with coop. PvP is... janky, because of the combat. More on that.Cons:*Not really, but for the purpose of full disclosure, the EA is skirmish mode only. No campaign.*Combat system is pretty forgettable. R/P/S system of three units who fight over very finnicky systems. Lacking waypoints, multiple command allocation, or even decently sized armies. The issues come into play when you fight in hostile territory, where the game will often disallow you from retreating or staying depending on the circumstances of who owns that tile and tiles adjacent. It's weird.*The meta world has a decent amount of stuff to explore, but not enough yet. Most are just resource points for scouts.---In Northgard you pick from a faction and set to work on building a few houses, a scout hall, and then exploring tiles around you in a 4x style. Explored tiles are 'meta' to the resources you need (gold/food/wood) and you can only build a limited amount of buildings on each one. For example I had a Forest tile, so I put a woodcutters hut and a few extra houses for popcap in there. To my East I had a Fertile Fields so I made a Farm, Grain Silo, and Brewery. Following? You can only build as you expand.Over a set amount of time you can population, one at a time, and can assign jobs (Like Banished) from these Villagers. So if you have six villagers you could do 2x fighters, 2x farmers, 2x woodcutters and then wait for your town hall to spawn more villagers for new roles.Exploring the 4x world will reveal gold events (crashed ships, abandoned mines, etc.) that scouts can bring in cash from. Big Bads to fight later on for prestige bonuses, and some other flavor events I won't spoil. The game runs about 85% summer and 15% winter, and during winter, all your guys stay outdoors but food income is crippled and wood usage to burn for firewood is doubled. Stock up. Every calender year 1-3 events can happen like earthquakes, draygr invasions, lightning, etc. These are moslty cosmetic and kind of underwhelming events but they help to plod along the experience.When you're done exploring and fine tuning your simplistic economy, you will encounter other AI players. You can trade with each other using a relatively... odd trading system, or just attack. Attacking involves sending your warband into their tiles, killing stuff in them, neutralizing the ownership and then either claiming that new land (which blows up their buildings) or leaving it to rot if you don't feel like you can defend it. Since the AI tends to receive plentiful handicap buffs on Hard mode, your 4 or 5 dudes will often fight a dozen and infinite angry villagers. Be sure to come prepared, and don't be afraid to gank the system with defensive towers or throwing units which the AI tends to both avoid."
,Recommended,466560,32953113,Posted: 28 June,all,Laak,lovely relaxing game with cheerful graphics and enjoyable soundtrack
76561197992713538,Recommended,466560,32967791,Posted: 28 June,all,Plasm Spasm,"This is a great game. Super great.HOWEVER...(actually this is a pretty small however)...It would also be cool if playing in teams, trading resources and making good relations with others were more rewarding. Or if you could be more supporting of your teammates.Such as sending your own healers into a friend's territory in order to aid their military or villagers if they are too wounded or sick to support themselves. Or sending your own villagers to help repair their buildings.By making good relations with players you could be able to learn certain parts of that player's clan-specific research tree. Allowing for unique clan-building combinations.Good relations could also allow for alliances to be built, along with the option to break those alliances and betray each other if needed or desired."
76561198044246882,Recommended,466560,32973362,Posted: 28 June,all,AVE MARIA,"Fun little game! Great artstyle. Fully playable, at this point in time, however there are something only like two hot keys.Solid game, even at this point in time of development."
76561198025980785,Recommended,466560,32983634,Posted: 29 June,all,m0nYeTiNc,murah worth it
,Recommended,466560,32220180,Posted: 6 June,all,BTM,After last patch lots of bugs where fixed. I have not had any crash since. Looking forward to new content beeing added.Thanks for a great game! :)
76561198129678733,Recommended,466560,32934435,Posted: 28 June,all,Edemes,"Definitely a recommended game! Excited yet worried about how this game will progress!Graphics, soundtrack and gameplay are one of the few most captivating points of this game!More upgrades are expected! Especially a campaign mode!!! Looking forward to that! Have yet to try out the multiplayer feature though, worried of getting trashed... lol!All in all, great game for the price it is going at!!!"
76561198011171087,Recommended,466560,32633423,Posted: 21 June,all,ShiverMeTimbers,Hands down the best EA game I have spent money on. When I want to play a quick RTS this is my go to. It is easy to pick up and put right back down unlike other RTS games.
,Recommended,466560,32621449,Posted: 21 June,all,Kedshar,"Northgard is a solid RTS game with board-like elements. It reminds me the first Dawn of War gameplay, mixed with The Settlers and Age of Empires. The economy is easy to learn - the whole thing is about balancing it that way, that it could support more troops."
76561198211629599,Recommended,466560,32623506,Posted: 21 June,all,IcySpiffy,One of the best strategies ive ever played !!! :)
,Recommended,466560,32630098,Posted: 21 June,all,stuartseager,It's great game.. very addictive to play.really nice graphics and nice animations for a 404mb game. i bought the game and start to play straight 4 hours and still playing.AMAZING.
76561198095447412,Recommended,466560,30192852,Posted: 26 February,all,IAintNoCheesecake,"Ngl, I did refund this game but only because I needed to buy another instead which was roughly the same price. It's a fun little game which is nice to look at aswell. I would definitely consider buying it again."
,Recommended,466560,30193846,Posted: 26 February,all,Erondell,"Definitely a game worth to buy even in it's current state.Firts of all, game is promising a lot content to come. Nice in-depth strategic resource and time managament. It's not a grindy game. It's more of a micro and macro management game with a deep historical elements. I believe there are lots of historical elements down the developement road. There will be Campaign and Multiplayer modes yet to come. That means, even with skirmish mode, players can have a lot of fun.Definitely worth to buy and worth to wait till it's full release."
76561198138136713,Recommended,466560,30195031,Posted: 26 February,all,twitch.tv/arepdonut,Its always crashed.. damn it. get it fix now!
76561198049166132,Recommended,466560,30195047,Posted: 26 February,all,Darien,"Northgard is what might be a great mix of The Settlers and Settlers of Catan, having both, great design and replayability potential. Board game mechanics become pretty apparent after a couple of playthroughs - the central idea is that depending on the available resources nearby, players must think early about which winning condition is best to pursue. Food appears to be the most important resource.Some improvement areas:- the game needs more content (building types, building upgrades, military units, maybe resources)- remove annoying notifications about clan size limitations (when population limit is achieved housing icon turns red and a notification will pop-up from time to time, indicating that more houses need to be built, which in fact might be a tactical mistake at that point)- management of villagers and especially military units becomes a pain as the settlement territory expands (lack of hotkeys, need to move through the whole map, etc.)Overall I really enjoyed the game so far and would easily give it 8.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,466560,30195781,Posted: 26 February,all,Monkylazer,"As a long time RTS player and huge fan of the genre, I was happily surprised to find this game.Good things* Solid RTS feel* None-useless villagers. If a villager has not been assigned a task, it will forage.* Slow game tempo. I guess the audience is not StarCraft player who are used to killing their mice with clicks* Nice theme, fun (as a swede) to hear some swedish* Graphics wre solid (cute)Improvement areas* I am sure the developers have a lot planned for this game. This is is a minimum viable product in a sense. You can do the basic things (build, harvest, upgrade) but there will be some polish needed. As an example, I built this sword of Odin, which I thought was an upgrade for my War Chieftan (super warrior), but I won the game..* Imixed up some buildings since their siluettes were too similar. E.g. the hunters cabin was hard to detect because the deer-head on it was gray.* I lost my warriors several times. Would be nice to be able to assign them to groups.* Seasons are important, but it was hard to know which season it currently was. The rain and snowfall gave a visual que, but it would be nice with a label somewhere.* Mixed civilian and military tech tree was hard to understand (e.g. sharpened tools -> improved hunting and weapon damage.)."
76561197983547602,Recommended,466560,30194945,Posted: 26 February,all,pomme_,"Very nice, a game may take a little too long to finish and i believe there should be different modes to decide victory, but the mechanics are indeed interesting."
76561197987031967,Recommended,466560,30187447,Posted: 25 February,all,Dad,"Game lacks in content, but that is to be expected, what they do have is fun, and works well. Looking forward to more content."
76561198034074251,Recommended,466560,30188430,Posted: 25 February,all,acezwild1025,I can't wait to see this go online. This game has alot of potentialand very addicting!
76561197964896951,Recommended,466560,30189541,Posted: 26 February,all,[OPP]SuperCow,Really fun game so far. Mechanics are good. Style is nice. Some good depth it seems like.Looking forward to multiplayer. Will update this review once I've played more.
76561198060666238,Recommended,466560,30179496,Posted: 25 February,all,Stron(G)erus,Worth
,Recommended,466560,30178653,Posted: 25 February,all,Fast 'n' Bulbous,Very danke.
,Recommended,466560,30179039,Posted: 25 February,all,lobo,"Reminds me of the early Settlers games, good graphics and gameplay."
,Recommended,466560,30185531,Posted: 25 February,all,Ongezellige Zeepoogjes,"Every so often you come across a game that just has something special about it. It's tangible - it's real and you can feel it. World of Warcraft has it, Diablo 2 has it, Starcraft, Counterstrike has it and now Northgard has it. The art style is not necessarily unique but it works magnificently for this game.I've never been much of an RTS fan, or even a strategy game fan, but the blending of tile based systems with real time strategy - as well as victory conditions based more on thought and creativity than actions per minute - creates a whole new genre of strategy game that I think will be emulated in the future. Northgard is a live action civilization, with charming visuals, music and game mechanics. Love it. Can't wait for future updates."
,Recommended,466560,30186914,Posted: 25 February,all,SteelGoodwin,"Is the game under-further development? YesIs the game currently playable and enjoyable? YesDoes the game have achievements? YesDoes the game offer multi-outcomes? Yes and No.- No, being that once you learn the core of the game, regardless of difficulty you can master success under any option, military, trade, wisdom/lore, or key objective victories.- Yes, as in out of the 8 games I currently have played, I did indeed find myself defeated in a 1v1 Hard difficult, but I honestly was playing for the long game, AI decided to dash for the easiest win (lore/wisdom victory).Would I recommend the game? YesDo I want the campaign for the game? Yes, as its all I have left..Oh, and multiplayer. They mark it's coming soon.Overall, if you've ever had the chance to play Settlers 7 Online, this game mirrors the core base building/resource gathering aspect. The game is enjoyable, though I played several games in 2 days (15+ hours) just simply to earn all the achievements. If you're like me and enjoy games more like Total War or other titles that require vast strategy this is a much simplier title strategy game. As I write, the game is enjoyable and exactly what I needed for the weekend. Look forward to more updates and future content."
,Recommended,466560,30177763,Posted: 25 February,all,Marvin,"Neat game, whiles away the hours nicely. Simple and tidy mechanics, cannot wait for the campaign mode."
,Recommended,466560,30183402,Posted: 25 February,all,Lun.ng,"I totally in love with the art of this game, but I felt that this game is still out of content on this current stage.hope developer adding more content soon."
76561198011679412,Recommended,466560,30176974,Posted: 25 February,all,{Rogue}Yukk,"Great game!  Really good concepts.  Once more units/buildings/factions/multiplayer/etc are added it will be amazing.It looks good and runs great, I've had no issues so far."
,Recommended,466560,30179668,Posted: 25 February,all,<[SlapY]>,"I basically love this game. It has the perfect balance between regular RTSes like Warcraft, Starcraft and alike and the slower pace of games like Civ. The overal pace is quite relaxing to be honest!! The maps seem to be randomly generated and are quite nice. A really fun thing to do is selecting multiple units because atm their sounds are all played at the same time which sounds like a burp. Well. Another fun fact is, that you can let a peasant rub a stone to gain wisdom..Jokes aside:- Let Units deliver goods all around a building, not just at one point- Buildings can only be build by one peasant- Skills-Window does not close automatically when no points left- Creeps in an unclaimed zone should regain health when not attacked- Creeps in an unclaimed zone should follow until you cross the border, not until you click in another zone- Healing seems to start with the warrior with most health instead of the one with the lowest...Apart from everything:I love the pace. It actually could be a little slower. THe design is awesome and it overall opens up for a big potential. I'd rate it 8.2/10 at it's current state with a potential of at least 9.5 if done right. This is a personal opinion. Dont act up."
,Recommended,466560,30179706,Posted: 25 February,all,Reeves,"The game has a solid foundation and is fun, but it's lacking depth and doesn't have much replayability. Still recommended."
,Recommended,466560,30175599,Posted: 25 February,all,kitties,Why are you reading reviews when you should already have this game?
76561197970483712,Recommended,466560,30176086,Posted: 25 February,all,vane303,pretty nice little vikang settler`s style game. at the moment the content only lasts some hours but stay tuned for the campaign and/or multiplayer. lets see how well you can update etc.
,Recommended,466560,31185440,Posted: 16 April,all,Weise,"Full Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJgSRkHOgHY&t=1sIntroductionWelcome to Northgard brother, a land filled with mystery, danger, riches, and warring clans of Northmen who have set sail to explore and conquer these new shores. Will you bring fame to your clan, writing history through your conquest, trade, and devotion to the Gods, or will you be defeated, meeting Odin in Valhalla? This is my review of Northgard, an early-access Strategy game from Shiro Games.StorylineIn Northgard, you are in control of your Viking clan, seeking to expand your borders and conquer the land. You must defend yourself from various beasts and other clans who are all fighting for territory. The story follows Norse tradition, but in strategy games like this there isn’t much story-line to be had outside of using influences from the Viking Theme.GameplayNorthgard is a strategy, city-building game. You start off by picking one of the various clans, each of which have a unique bonus that can help you win. The game is currently in early-access, but the developers plan to add at least one more clan to the three existing ones by the time of release, which is expected to be late 2017.After choosing your clan, a map is randomly generated and you are given your initial claimed tile to begin your conquest. This is all live, not turn-based like Civilization, so you must act swiftly so you don’t fall too far behind.Using your villagers, you must gather various resources, construct new resource buildings like a logging camp or merchant quarters, build new houses to increase your population, and ensure you have enough wood and food to survive.The game has a weather mechanic that adds an interesting element to the game. Every winter, your camp will consume more firewood, and food production is extremely nerfed. This means you must choose your expansion items carefully so you don’t over expand too quickly and starve over the winter. You can mitigate these effects by corralling sheep, and researching various traits that will help you survive more efficiently.Outside of the elements you have to battle, there are natural events that will occur as well, setting fires to building, causing food to be infested by rats, and more. You’ll get a warning about the event coming up, so you can prepare, but sometimes the warning is too late and it can really mess up your game if not cause you to completely lose if you aren’t ready.Finally, you have various NPCs that will attack you, and three other clans as well, all fighting for dominance. You may see a tile with wolves or a bear in it, and you will want to send warriors to fight and kill them. If you don’t, they have a random chance to enter your borders, attacking and killing any workers you have there.The other clans are fairly difficult, and in typical strategy fashion (and in the current build), the AI cheats a bit. It seems like they always want to attack you over each other currently, though some balancing will of course happen as patches come out. You can win through one of multiple win conditions, which include defeating every other clan, owning a certain number of tiles and gold as an expansionist, researching all the great research items, and possibly other ways to come.Honestly, the gameplay was great for me and I found even the easiest difficulty a challenge at first due to my lack of recent time spent with strategy games, but after winning a few times I stepped up the difficulty to normal and still found a great challenge.VisualsVisually, I found the game to be quite beautiful. In strategy games, you often overlook things like graphics up to a point, because you have a top down perspective and aren’t getting in close to view every detail as you would in a first-person game.Northgard, however, still gave a good show. The workers have great animations, the modeling is well done, and the textures are pleasant as well. I was impressed with it from the start, and while it’s not as detailed as some AAA games out there, it’s still a great showing with its own sense of character.AudioMoving into audio, I found the sounds in Northgard to be very pleasing. The light soundtrack, the various commands and voice acting you hear from your workers, and sound effects of battles, it just all plays well and really left not much to discuss. There wasn’t much more I could have asked for here either, as I feel this is a really complete game at this point.Replay-abilityReplay ability wise, Northgard has all the typical things you’ll find in a strategy game. Really, you can play it as many times as you like, trying the various clans, new strategies, and attempting different win conditions. There’s over 30 achievements on Steam if you’re into the achievement hunter route, and best of all, the game is in early-access still which means you are getting a complete game you can play over and over again from the start.The developers do plan to add multiplayer support in the future by the time the game is launched as well, which means you can play against real players, which we all know in strategy games is where the real magic happens in replay ability. The AI is great, but there’s nothing like playing against another human being.Overall Wrap-UpOverall, I truly enjoyed Northgard. This is a game I purchased myself, where the majority of the games I review are gifted to me by a publisher or developer. I bought this knowing it was in early-access, but is a complete game as it stands now. I’ve not had any issues or bugs personally with the game outside of a patch that caused the game to crash on me at startup, but they fixed this quickly and I’ve never looked back. For $19.99, I feel the game is worth the price as it stands. Knowing they are adding additional features, at least one more clan, and multiplayer support makes this a total buy for me if you are into strategy games like this."
76561198048690644,Recommended,466560,31190622,Posted: 16 April,all,Sorry,"Good graphics, functional combat system, and intrigueing world to explore. Overall quite happy with the first look at it. Would like to see it polished up and ready for mmorts. Has it's own unique fresh take (atleast I haven't seen one like it) on the mmorts style with a survival feel to the game.Beta suggestions:The economy of the game would flow better with less resource types (combine iron and stone?)Food scarcity seems to be intentional however it's unclear where certain food draws come from (tooltips?)The lore technology feels really good, but in some places it feels overly complicated. For example, ravens basically choose between exploring for happiness or going all in on trading for the trade victory. Lots of options there but boils down to A or B.Trading needs work, selling food for 6 coin is never smart - maybe just to get the little bit you need for a building (suggest increasing reward).The neutral camps require a lot of trading time (you will probably win the trade victory before it happens) once obtained you get one giant (ways to get more or revive?).The renown system is pretty cool - basically exp = rewards (more of this)Game plays like a PvE, even on normal difficulty you can lose to the wilderness fairly easily (which is good for single player). Multiplayer is going to need different maps with more food, warrior options, defence buildings, and tiers of resource generation to keep up the replayability - Basically to give more strategy interplay. (the crows play to trade vic, wolves to conquer, stags/goats - unsure yet.Wasn't able to figure out the happiness system (expected happiness?). Seemed like you could never get ahead here, the more happiness you have the more happiness that is expected of you.Overall, really happy with the game. Mostly just want to see it polished up with room for eco/military/lore/renown strategies to become more diverse.Ideas: Lore hits that asymptote pretty quick, starts off nice and then you never get upgrades. While you don't want to lore victory too fast you also want incentives to actually get this resource later on. Realistically you are going to trade victory / renown victory / kill all your enemies wayyyyy before you get there.Renown -good, more intervalsBattle victory - Also good, more units / defence strats. Use of water for island migration?Make neutrals more aggressive and induce more fighting while improving economy to sustain more fights. Leveling system for warriors (or atleast chieftains) would give the game more depth. Bigger maps - currently feels a bit cluttered.Cheers, and looking forward to seeing more."
76561198097657704,Recommended,466560,30149094,Posted: 24 February,all,martin.thulin,"Ok, so I have only played this for about an hour and I really like the theme, the style of the game etc.I will definitely play more but one major gripe I have which I don´t think will change with more gameplay, is that I can´t really build a ""base"" in a similar fashion as in Settlers or Age of Empires. The limitation of buildings per area makes it much less fun. If I was able to have more control of the design of the village it would make things much more fun.Other than that keep up the good work as the style and concept is really good!"
76561198070922781,Recommended,466560,30149213,Posted: 24 February,all,ActionHeroName,I can already tell that this game is going to be a great one but it's still a work in progress.
76561198029739903,Recommended,466560,30139578,Posted: 24 February,all,Roland Deschain,"Been waiting for this game for a while now and I must say it has not disappointed!Great gameplay and replayability due to random generated worlds - each clan has its own playstyle but it would have been nice to see some drawbacks not just bonuses for playing said clan.A few bugs (as expected in early access) but nothing that has broken the game. If you like worker placement, strategy, resource + city/clan management and survival then this game is for you =)"
76561198070116335,Recommended,466560,30142098,Posted: 24 February,all,FrenchFrog,"Gameplay is well thinked, the art style is amazing, can't wait till they add new stuff.This game is totally worth 20€20/20"
,Recommended,466560,32865073,Posted: 27 June,all,¢50,"So yeah, I really like this game so far. I only played a few hours, but good lord do I like the Catan-ish method of exploring the map and gaining control of additional resources. Having units automatically go and do their thing on a map tile is also really nice. It makes this its own brand of RTS."
,Recommended,466560,32989364,Posted: 29 June,all,"The Man, The Myth, The Legend","I am normally hate on early access/alpha, but this time i make an exception.This game is already really playable and fun in its current state, but is still recieving regular updates!"
76561198106292207,Recommended,466560,33008819,Posted: 29 June,all,eijolend,"Great early access game! The mechanics are simply but not boring and actually offer quite a bit of choice if you really want to optimize things. Looking forward to spending a few more hours on higher difficulty and multiplayer.I'd say after a bit of balancing, some quality of life adjustments and improving the game flow a little, this one is good to go!"
76561198076680348,Recommended,466560,32213458,Posted: 5 June,all,Sensible_Sandwich,"Great fun, glitches have been fixed and the devs even bothered to reach out to me when i wrote a negitive review. The devs care about this game and are cleary gonna keep working on it."
76561197987847847,Recommended,466560,33019670,Posted: 29 June,all,Marty,"Very addicting! Very unique gameplay, in that the map is divided up into little areas and you can only build a certain amount of buildings as well as a certain type of building.Its also true about it being similar to AoE!"
76561198128986597,Recommended,466560,33002546,Posted: 29 June,all,Pokira,"I recommend this game highly. It's plenty of fun, and it blends RTS with city building beautifully. It also offers a bit of a challenge. You can't always win in the same way because you aren't guaranteed the same resources by you win you spawn."
76561198048253854,Recommended,466560,33002695,Posted: 29 June,all,Agennon,Such a good game. Its like Civ had sex w/ Warcraft 3. Might be the next RTS hit after Starcraft 2. I recommend 10/10.
76561198100805960,Recommended,466560,32997942,Posted: 29 June,all,abkkxlmt,"As a big fan of RTS,I  regarded warcraft3 as the ending of RTS until I met this. I could see the innovation in it, mixing the Civilization and tradional RTS. I hope it will surpass them someday.I recommend this game absolutely , while it is in a very early stage. More kinds of army, more kinds of  construction and campaign, more musics and voice. It is still a baby😂😂"
,Recommended,466560,32998992,Posted: 29 June,all,Sunphire,"Crashes sometimes, likely because it's still early access....but its SO pretty, great UI and so much fun. Love love love."
,Recommended,466560,33040143,Posted: 30 June,all,AwakenedDarkness,"Great strategy game. Even though I personally don't like such games, I must admit I was pleasantly surprised with this one."
76561198061934407,Recommended,466560,33035294,Posted: 30 June,all,Superking,"I'm reluctantly recommending this game.  I think it will get better with further development, but as it stands it needs work.  Combat and upgrading is lacking.  Resource gathering is slow.  The pace of the game seems to go from very slow to having 20 crises going on at the same time.  The citizen management is tedious also.With all that being said, it is a pretty good game."
76561198103886338,Recommended,466560,33033812,Posted: 30 June,all,Slowpoke,My lumbercamp is on fire...I need lumber to stop the fire-10 lumber10/10 Would fail again! :D
,Recommended,466560,33029649,Posted: 30 June,all,HelloGuysHowIsItGoing,Really good game with great potential. Looking forward to future updates.
76561198088272417,Recommended,466560,33029569,Posted: 30 June,all,afLaSHman,This is game easy to pick up and lots fun straight away. Reminds me lot of Rise of Nations. My only criticism is that it is little bit slow paced. But as a newb I don't mind because I need the extra time to think about what I am doing. I think this game could become very popular.
76561198015616939,Recommended,466560,33029392,Posted: 30 June,all,Coconut Commander,The perfect blend of AOEII and Civ.This is the game I've been waiting for.
76561198126764927,Recommended,466560,33314812,Posted: 6 July,all,GXD™,"Amazing Strat game complicated at first then gets extra fun later , But it has the wors AI policy ever you trade with AI and it says ""Good relation"" then he stabs you in the back or team up with enemy !! excited for the campaign tho ...."
,Recommended,466560,33326801,Posted: 6 July,all,dinorice,"Northgard is game about Vikings.So anywaysEven with the low amount of content, the game is great fun.If you buy this game expecting a full-fledged RTS, you'll be disappointed. So just know that this game has quite little content in it right now."
76561198015674680,Recommended,466560,33419020,Posted: 9 July,all,whatelse73,"I'm going to give this one another try in about a month.  I can play for about 20 minutes and then the game freezes.  Not sure what's up,  but I'm sure it'll get fixed soon enough.  I look forward to playing it further through, especially when there's a campaign."
,Recommended,466560,33105763,Posted: 1 July,all,SmallKoreanSeal™,"Looking forward to the development of this game.I feel that it has some interesting victory options that you could actually do instead of win by conquer plus the way they approach RTS is really cool. The only thing is the feedback it gives to the rest of the players about how much you are close to win it, it doesnt build up the tense feeling. Hope they improve on that too!"
,Recommended,466560,33414601,Posted: 9 July,all,Folji,"TLDR; It's a great game, but right now (0.1.5) the matches can be over before they feel like they've started.To expand on that, I bought this game expecting some kind of a city builder / management sim. The game is kinda like Settlers meets Civilization, so I got pretty much what I wanted in that sense! Trading, doing diplomacy, discovering lore, expanding, going to war, there's a lot of ways to play and win the game.So it's obvious where it's got the Civilization quirk from. Plays like Settlers, wins like Civilization. Which sounds like fun, but, right now the win conditions feel way too quick. Everything feels set up for you to build and expand as fast as possible, accumulate resources and grow big ahead of the curve of the other players, like you would. Explore, expand, trade, collect resources, unlock lore perks, all that jazz. All these things feel like part of the early-mid game; you're just gearing yourself for the long haul.But just when your clan feels big enough to throw some weight around, chances are you've probably won one of the conditions already. I've managed to build up a solid clan, gotten ready to mess with the other clans, and suddenly I've won. I've won trading, I've won lore, right when I'm ready to go kick som♥♥♥♥♥I've already won.I'd really like the longer haul, of having to manage and sustain the clan I've built up, and right now I can only really do that if I make total domination the sole win condition. Still pretty fun, though."
76561198173113142,Recommended,466560,33413711,Posted: 9 July,all,rick11maart,"I bought this game in its early stages and i must admit i din't like it that much so i left it for a long time. but i wanted to revisit it and i did and boy was i happy that i did. the multiplayer in this game is amazing, and you are able to fit youre own style with the different clans. There are also a lot of achievements to make you keep playing. the only thing is that when ally leaves in multiplayer he doesn't get replaced with a bot which in my opinion is a bad thing. i heavely reccomend this game if you like builders and strategy games."
,Recommended,466560,33414002,Posted: 9 July,all,Pazzalyx,Very nice and relaxing strategy game.  Still early access but the current state of the game is excellent.No bug or crash so far either in solo or multiplayer games.  The AI is decent so this is great for VS AI games in coop.Maps are never the same since they are dynamically generated.
76561198074302520,Recommended,466560,33402769,Posted: 9 July,all,Meckamera,"Super cozy game, love the graphics. It's a much more relaxed version of Starcraft mixed with Age of empires.There are currently 4 classes and a 5th one coming. They have the possibility to add more and more which I think they should. Each class can choose a little different things in the wisdom tree which is nice. I love skill trees.Great game!"
76561198201375874,Recommended,466560,33392751,Posted: 8 July,all,joshuahr616,"Very good game for still being in early development. More than enough content to enjoy the game right now. I was also very surprised how stable it was, I didnt see a single glitch the entire time I played. 10/10 Would love to see this product finished"
76561198005688605,Recommended,466560,33447837,Posted: 10 July,all,OBG{A}Nseal1975,"This is a Great Game, I can't wait for the campaign.  I hope to get a bit bigger maps aswell."
76561197963098679,Recommended,466560,31685582,Posted: 11 May,all,SuperTechPC,"This game seems to hold a lot of promise and they do update it on a farily regular basis, which is nice to see for an early access game. It's got a good bit of replay value to it already..hopefully at some point they will add in a sort of heirarchy of combat units instead of just generic warriors. At this point I want to recommend the game but I haven't been able to play it for well over a month now due to some unknown technical issues I've been unable to get support for. I would say if the gameplay looks good and its your genre of game, go ahead and get it but remember...its early access so its still a roll of the dice"
76561198133839393,Recommended,466560,31711938,Posted: 12 May,all,Abaddon -A-,It's like hybrid of Civilization and Age of Empires. Cute graphics and nice mechanics. Game lenghts are shorter then Civ and maybe a little longer then AoE.
,Recommended,466560,31748806,Posted: 14 May,all,cloudgazer,"TL;DR: can totally recommend.I like that you control only a few units, the food/wood shortages during winter and the events. The game pace is nice and accessable contradictory to most rts.The map specials are fun and gives nice worthwile objectives.The blizzard is really in hard mode is mean as ♥♥♥♥ and reduced my population from 50 to 20.I like it! The ai even on hard is a bit easy, they could try to expanse more in my opinion and perhaps focus on benefitial tiles rather than the closest.The upgrades feel nice not too overpowered. Although Fenris beserker is a bit strong with its 49 damage and 150hp and its free colonization (perhaps a bit op on the yggdrasil map saving 2k food)In the latest update I end up with stone shortages and can't upgrade all of my buildings anymore that easily without a market which is nice it forces to prioritize.Turns out the female villagers really added more to the flare than I originally thought. The game is freaking gorgeous and cute."
76561198224114952,Recommended,466560,31732967,Posted: 13 May,all,ison94591,really fun game cant wait to see how far the dev team will take this game
,Recommended,466560,31764214,Posted: 15 May,all,Zakkles,"Good game, needs more content, gameplay gets a bit trying after 10 hours [I understand it is an early access game and that there is long to go before it is complete]8/10"
,Recommended,466560,30511297,Posted: 14 March,all,khalidvawda,Quite fun but endgame gets a little boring. 7/10
76561197988833460,Recommended,466560,31762126,Posted: 14 May,all,steve220,"Such a wonderful game.  There's a slight learning curve for managing villagers but after a couple of games it all clicks and it's so much fun.  Long story short, don't be afraid to re-assign your people to different tasks as needed.  The graphics and music are great.Can't wait for the campaign."
76561197989758534,Recommended,466560,31815170,Posted: 17 May,all,Mesamark,"Fun game.  Always enjoy seeing Norse/ Viking themed games. - I found the most fun way to play the game was to have domination be the only victory conditionLiked + Each unit assingment feels like it makes a difference+Planning for winter conditions and the random events (these do seem to happen in the same order, but that maybe just be rng)+ monsters to fight are good, liked the option to befreind giants+ exploration aspectThings to improve - There is an optimal strategy and i didnt feel it changed when picking a different starting Clan.  So replay value is limited.  Very random maps does help negate this.-The AI seems to not care whether they are friendly status or angry status.- The Tech / Fame victory conditions need to be slowed down.- The raiding party returns feel weak"
76561198019099998,Recommended,466560,31832127,Posted: 18 May,all,God.of.The.Neworld,Love it.1. Cute graphics.2. Moderately good game play.3. Differs from other strategy games.Keep it up! cant wait for the campaign!
,Recommended,466560,31792876,Posted: 16 May,all,mboog12,This game is excellent for an ea. Looking forward to more content!
,Recommended,466560,31825414,Posted: 18 May,all,Warlord92,can't wait the campaign feature on this...
76561198285732570,Recommended,466560,31829527,Posted: 18 May,all,WarMagu,"This is a fun entertaining game that is slowly becoming my favorite. Aside from some small bugs that i was expecting from a game that is in Beta, it is an excelent game."
76561198089075111,Recommended,466560,31891886,Posted: 21 May,all,Ranker,"If people know about the settlers game and they loved them then they will surly love this one to.If you like managing resources and make sure that your people are happy and keep them safethis is the game for you ;)I would love to see a map editor with this game, so we could create our own [ ex: 2 islands instead ofonly one ]  but as it is I will recomand it to every one I know  that love that genre of game.All the very bestRanker...out!!!"
76561198015236337,Recommended,466560,31900802,Posted: 22 May,all,Komrade Red,This game has the exact look and feel that I've been waiting for from a real time strategy game for at least 10 years. The victory conditions are well-balanced the different Clans are all a different experience and each are fun to play. Northgard is a must-play for any real time strategy fan.
,Recommended,466560,31877994,Posted: 21 May,all,Vicerious,"Viking as $#@%! Don't let the small requirements fool you, this is a decent game of empire building, conquest and raiding. The punishment for defeat is also significant. If you lose one battle you'll need to lick your wounds before you re-enter the fray. There's not an infinite stream of troops to send, so you really need to pick your battles carefully. 8.5/10"
76561198053238052,Recommended,466560,31909808,Posted: 22 May,all,Chortek,"This is an awesome game, mechanicaly and strategicaly. Very nice looking graphics and ambience. Relaxing yet makes you focus. What me and friends think should be added/fixed:- Add more difficult AI. As of now it is possible to beat 1v1 Hard AI during 3rd year. Aswell winning in 1 vs 5 with warchief only by fame victory (or other).  Make AI more agressive towards leading player or their progress towards victory.- Add more factions with unique mechanis. For example:* viking/celt - buy warriors with wood.* viking/beastmen - buying/teaming wild animals to figth for you.- Keep game simple. Dont overcomplicate with too many machanics or units. There are other RTS for high APM skill cellings. We would prefer this game to be easy and chill.- Mushrooms. There are mushrooms on the map already. Add way to use them. May be add mushroom gatherers, such as hunters or fishermen.- Ruins and shipwrecks are little bit uderwhelming. Add possibility to construct neutral fame production buildings as an example. Such as lore Stone or Circle.- Talking about fame. Add another level of rewards. Inrease fame requirements for the fame victory.- Make Townhall a defensive building, kind of silly that one warrior can take over your starting tile. Make it like defensive tower, so it can shoot arrows. (May be after an upgrade so you do have think how to defend against wolves in your starting location).- For muiltiplayer balance make sure there are food and forest tiles withing first two tiles of starting location.Keep up with good work. We love your game and your passion about this game, as well as your frequent communication with players and news updates. Thanks!"
,Recommended,466560,31534196,Posted: 3 May,all,Paxx0r,"One word, Vikings!"
,Recommended,466560,31532794,Posted: 3 May,all,Lethal,This game is fantastic and so well made.
76561197985123543,Recommended,466560,31543363,Posted: 4 May,all,Vook,"Good game, hopefully they improve on it, so much potential. :)"
,Recommended,466560,31537101,Posted: 4 May,all,Kintori,"As of writing this I can say that, while this is most certainly a game that is under development and is missing a good chunk of features, the core gameplay is fun and entertaining. Even after hours of playing new map after new map against bots I find myself being challenged again per each restart. The dynamic maps that get generated along with a slew of victory conditions and acheivements can keep one fairly well entertained.The downside is that since this is indeed an early access game and is being steadily worked on, it is missing things like multiplayer (planned to be added in) and other game changers. Still, it is a fun game and I'm excited to see where the devlopers take it in the future."
76561198011194931,Recommended,466560,32397152,Posted: 13 June,all,Mediocre Knight,"This game has an amazing blend of features, constant changing of pace and wonderful randomly generated maps to explore. It reminds of the Settlers franchise with a mixture of AOE thrown in with the classic science, domination, trade etc.. Victory conditions.Consdiering this game is in early access im surprised at how little bugs there are and how smooth the performance and gameplay feel, it hoenstly feels like a full fledged game and i hope it will contiue to grow as there is so much potential in an already commendable game.If you like this grenre of game, you WILL love Northgard solid 5/7 game!p.s. (please note 5/7 = 10/10 for those who dont get the reference...)"
76561198064211590,Recommended,466560,33152468,Posted: 2 July,all,Deadpool1712,The game is fun. If youre a casual gamer .. its extremely enjoyable at this stage of development as single player and multiplayer. Cant wait for the single player campaign. If you loved games like AOE then you will like this. Plus the environment is hard to survivie in. It a game where you fight the environment as much as you fight other players or AI.
,Recommended,466560,33153987,Posted: 2 July,all,HebrewHammer,"Oddly addicting, this game most resembles the board game Settlers of Catan. This is not a traditional RTS and does not have as deep combat or unit types as Age of Empires despite the reviews suggesting a similarity. However, I strongly suspect that will change in the near future. The environment poses as much a threat as others players do and you must have a stable economy prior to waging any war.The only ""early access"" components I'm noticing so far are the aforementioned lack of content. Highly recommended."
76561197993255302,Recommended,466560,32838873,Posted: 26 June,all,Elephant King,It's a great game but it's lacking in depth.
76561198384412579,Recommended,466560,33732744,Posted: 22 July,all,falcon321188,I LoVe this game but it wont let me do any map but small. it is improvement from me not being able to play it
76561198039038361,Recommended,466560,33719486,Posted: 22 July,all,zmey2k,the game is awesome
,Recommended,466560,33710648,Posted: 21 July,all,Mai7Viac,"I put a few hours into this game and played through 3 games, two I won. It was a ton of fun, great to sit down, play for an evening and beat it. Not super long, or super complicated. I really enjoyed it and definitely would recommend for someone who wants something casual and fun."
,Recommended,466560,33111629,Posted: 1 July,all,Otter,pretty good
,Recommended,466560,33756200,Posted: 23 July,all,Shad,Dig it! Well worth the money for the Early Access. Very few bug encountered so far and big replay value for me. I wish I could add more opponents to the smaller maps to give it a more crowded feeling since it allows me to select less opponents by map size but not more. A few other small gameplay gripes but nothing to make me regret my purchase.
,Recommended,466560,33747339,Posted: 23 July,all,Maui,Extremely Addictive and enjoyable!
76561198058976974,Recommended,466560,33791353,Posted: 25 July,all,thehunter71421,"Really great game with a lot of potential, but you can definetly tell that it's still in beta. My only BIG complaint is how difficult it is to keep up with your clans' happiness. The meter raises randomly for no reason at all so I constantly have to keep building breweries and holding feasts which drain my resources. I don't mind it as much when their happiness takes a dive from too many wounded or poor housing, but when they become unhappy for the sake of being unhappy that's when I lose enjoyment in the game and it becomes just a headache. Like I said, great game with a lot of potential, but there are still annoying bugs that need to be worked out."
76561198100097056,Recommended,466560,33791839,Posted: 25 July,all,Starcrawler,Shows great potential ... definately sticking around to see the end result
,Recommended,466560,33793226,Posted: 25 July,all,Lincoln,Winter is coming.
,Recommended,466560,33792776,Posted: 25 July,all,FozzyGuy,I dont play RTS noramally but this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.
,Recommended,466560,33793484,Posted: 25 July,all,tzirrit,"A all in all great game that is equally relaxing and challenging at the same time. Especially fun in multiplayer.Visually appealing, with a beautiful art style and great music."
,Recommended,466560,33777445,Posted: 24 July,all,ViolentNorwegian,"Real game, best game."
76561198130333977,Recommended,466560,33779625,Posted: 24 July,all,Vandal,"I bought this game earlier today (despite being skeptical about early access games) and I must say that I'm having a hard time putting it down. Its an excellent blend of ""zone"" based RTS  that demands your attention with everything thats going on simultaneously. Its a charming game and I'm extremely happy to support in it its early access state. Thank you to the developers for this unique title and I look forward to its full release."
76561198154650354,Recommended,466560,33779639,Posted: 24 July,all,Waxiu,"If this game could be a huge map more based around city building and a pve element not a ultimate player or ai at the end.. could still keep the RTS aspect..more camps controlled by enemies or netural forces that you can be-friend and open trade routes with or take over. Different enemy types and levels so like a mmo all while keeping that zone control, upgrading and expanding as years go on. but it is a fun game, not what i thought but still okay."
76561198155051347,Recommended,466560,33778922,Posted: 24 July,all,Simple Rick,so fun to play
,Recommended,466560,33778866,Posted: 24 July,all,JBallantyne,This is an amazing RTS game. well worth it and a good multiplayer.
76561198104641580,Recommended,466560,33779723,Posted: 24 July,all,Path911,"dont know why, i just love this game"
76561198072399718,Recommended,466560,30181612,Posted: 25 February,all,Sammy Gompers,Great game with more content added on a regular basis.
76561198180062706,Recommended,466560,33777960,Posted: 24 July,all,holtbr,"I really love playing the game! I am a huge fan of watching the show Vikings on the history channel and this will give you that extra need for vikings until the shows comes back on for season 5. I would recommend the game to someone who enjoys vikings/ lore, managing resources, don't really need epic battles, and that it is still early access.There are a few things I wouldn't mind seeing added into the game, which to me seem to be easy fixes. At the end of the game, I would like to see the stats on everything...who had the most fame, most coin, etc. Ships are pretty major in the viking lore and I would like to see more interactions with the port then is currently there. If you get put in a rough area to start it may be very hard to maintain food, if you're not the goat clan. Either make food more avalible or add a new building...or don't, and keep it interesting!Lastly, which would maybe change the game a lot, but I think standing in an enemy territory and everything burning takes to much time and leaves you super exposed. I think it would be better/more viking like if you could click on enemy buildings and actually destory them. Getting some coin or food from taking a building down too would make sense, because you are ""raiding"". Also, by doing this, you make it possible to take down a building you see as more important and if you don't have time to wait all day, you can take something down and return home.That is all I can think of! Even if those things don't change, I still plan on playing for a long time!"
76561198013806860,Recommended,466560,33495092,Posted: 12 July,all,AmonSvaag,"Great game, I would definitely recommend.If they'd host stable servers for the community, I could see a very competetive scene building around this game. It's definitely got huge potential!(I previously had thumbs down because wolf faction was completely broken. They nerfed so all factions are viable now. Good job devs!!)"
,Recommended,466560,33779232,Posted: 24 July,all,vepsi,bought it. played for 5 hours. i was dumb. i fought hard. i learned. i gave food. i was given Blainn. i won. i am now smart. Thank you for this game
,Recommended,466560,33799566,Posted: 25 July,all,Pudú,"Like a smooth and beautiful Viking version of Age of Empires II. This game is wonderful looking. I knew I had to buy it after visiting the store page. It's not an overwhelming game, and I love being able to drop into an RTS, for some light gaming, and keep it simple."
76561198093050674,Recommended,466560,33802014,Posted: 25 July,all,SanguineSaint21,"I don't usually write reviews for games, but seeing as how this one is early access and all, I'd figure I'd do my part in drumming up support for it.While not the deepest city builder / RTS, there is a surprising amount of depth for how simple of a game this really is. Think of this as a relaxed RTS, but don't be fooled. There is a very real anxiety that begins to rise when your entire village begins to die from starvation from your lack of planning.Artwork - 9/10Very good feel and fits the laid back gameplay of the game. I especially love the art of the clan selection screen, though I would suggest they add a glow to the eyes of the goat clan. All of the other animals have glowing eyes, that bit just feels a little out of place.Music / Sound - 9/10Fits the vibe very well. The music is charming, clean, and fun to listen to. Think a quiet wardrum beat with some flutes over it. Very relaxed, but with a surprising amount of gusto for when you enter battles. The warning and alarm cues are also spot on. They give a sense of urgency and immediately you know what the game is warning you of.Gameplay - 8.5/10My only complaint here is depth. Every game could use more of it and this one is no exception. I wish buildings and tools could be upgraded more than once and a wider variety of lore upgrades, environments, weather conditions, random events, special territory resources, buildings, and units would really finish rounding this game out. Other than that, it is very satisfying to watch your small village grow into a bustling warcamp. I'd have to say my favorite aspect of this game is the very calm feel of it. It's been a long while since I played a game that didn't feel a bit like work just because of the stress it causes. While the game certainly has it's moments of intesity, they are perfectly paced between moments of seren simplicity.Price - 9/10I bought it on sale for $!5.00 and it's worth every penny even in it's current early access state of July 2017. I would happily spend $20.00 on it knowing what I know now, especially considering that the games depth and content will only grow from here.The Little ThingsA more specific request I can call to mind is the ability to queue multiple commands in a chain. I didn't really search very much to see if it was an option, but as an avid player of RTS games, such a command is usually fixed to the shift key, and I didn't find that to be the case. I'm unsure if it might just be a different key.Summary and Final Score8.87/10 (But considering it's in early access and is already as good as it is, I predict a solid rating of 9.5/10 in the near future.)This game is a decent buy for the price of a couple of fast food visits. I don't regret spending my money on it and don't think you will either. Northgard is relaxing, interesting, a nice change of pace, and most importantly - fun. While Northgard certainly isn't perfect and has it's short coming and drawbacks, I feel it has nowhere to go but up. And considering it's already pretty high up, that is a very exciting thing. Please support this game so we can really see what they can give us. I look forward to seeing the future content heading our way.Now get out there and prove yourself the rightful king of Northgard!"
76561198024629890,Recommended,466560,33654293,Posted: 19 July,all,Drugzoo,"Awesome game, but it grows old. Needs more!!!! Gimme the blood Thomas!!!"
76561198252997812,Recommended,466560,33652249,Posted: 19 July,all,jt0209skyline,"Overall very good, looking forward for more updates and contents."
76561198016658229,Recommended,466560,33650249,Posted: 19 July,all,Kira,very fun game and very well done for being a game stil in alpha. 8/10
76561198010896445,Recommended,466560,33688659,Posted: 20 July,all,mikezilla007,"For the record this is written before the single player campaign has been released.  So far the creators have been doing a great job at patching this game and rebalancing it as they go.  The gameplay is a unique coctail of elements that remind me of Banished, Civilization, Rise of Nations, and Age of Empires.  It is fun so far and I look forward to the campaign.  The game is fun and runs smoothly and easily however I think now I would like more factions maybe even some different cultures.  Overall I love the game so far I look forward to future updates."
76561198110651242,Recommended,466560,33683338,Posted: 20 July,all,Nebu,"Ok for an early access game. Hope features are added and that MP gets more love - it is in dire need of more features, such as ratings, penalty for quitting the game on purpose when losing etc (not to mention lag)."
,Recommended,466560,33693060,Posted: 21 July,all,Mister Mike,Perlu pengembangan lebih lanjut supaya lebih joss ini game
76561198251997252,Recommended,466560,33700725,Posted: 21 July,all,Green Toad,good game realy like it
76561198059448658,Not Recommended,466560,33642144,Posted: 18 July,all,herrrmaaa,"I enjoyed the hours I spent on the game, despite most being the learning curve. By the time you are able to handle your own against the hard difficulty, there's no reason to care. It's a niche game- worth it for the first few hours but it leaves much to be desired. I'm sure this game will improve once the developers take grasp on what they really have as a product."
,Recommended,466560,33644348,Posted: 18 July,all,FlaMeTriCkS,Excellent game!
76561198049341987,Recommended,466560,33663418,Posted: 19 July,all,Wiella,"Seems complex at the beginning, but managed to find out almost everything esily without any tutorial. Gameplay is quite pleasant, isn't too stale and would require you to make tough decisions sometimes.Game currently lacks content at this point (I would say I'd play a few more matches against AI at this point, but then it will become repetitive), so I can't wait for some descent campaign as the gameplay itself is quite good!"
76561198064639207,Recommended,466560,33662031,Posted: 19 July,all,CHR1$Z,"TLDR: bug-free, strategically deep without resorting to complex mechanics, with interesting departures from RTS norms. Buy if you like games like civ or age of empires, but also roguelikes such as FTL or binding of isaac. Stands on its own already, but with great promise for new features also.I've never played any of the Civilisation games, due to being put off by the extremely long match times, and the vast amount of managing required; I have played and enjoyed Age of Empires 1 and Age of Mythology, but was never particularly good at either due to the frantic pace required to expand as fast as possible. Northgard then strikes a neat balance between the two; matches tend to last around an hour, villager micro is unnecessary, and combat, while important, is not the focus of the game. Most importantly, there are several features that turn the usual dogma of RTS games on its head:Winters are harsh in Northgard, and if you don't manage to build up a stockpile of food to see you through, your clansmen will go hungry, first reducing their productivity and happiness, and ultimately killing them if the shortage is severe enough. However, claiming new territory costs food, and new territory is required to access different resources, and to build more buildings. This leads to the most immediate of the many tough decisions Northgard presents you with: how much expansion can you get away with before the winter, and what areas should you expand into? Taking advantage of new resources requires diversion of clansmen away from food production; safe for a time, especially in spring with the whole year ahead of you, but eventually saving food for winter will become the main priority once again. Everyone has to eat, and so without enough gatherers, farmers, hunters etc. your clan will be unable to feed itself. Furthermore, colonising land you can't immediately spare the manpower to use is a dangerous move as claiming new territory costs a good chunk of food that increases with each new area; if this land isn't being put to good use, you have just thrown away your winter food for nothing.The ultimate choice Northgard offers, and one that is influenced by the randomly generated map, as well which of the four very different clans you choose to play as; is how to win. Northgard offers 4 central win conditions, these being victory through wealth, as you exploit your territory in the name of profit; victory through fame, as you accrue a glorious reputation for slaying wild beasts and mythical monsters, as well as raiding lands both near and far; victory through wisdom, as you study the strange carvings throughout the island to advance your technology; and victory through simple annihilation, murdering your opponents' citizens and razing their town centres to the ground. Furthermore, every game will feature one 'unique' area; some of these feed into existing win conditions, such as the den of the great Wyvern, a terrifyingly powerful foe that grants an unsurpassed fame bonus to whoever manages to slay it. Some, however, provide a win condition in their own right, such as the Gate of Helheim, which grants victory to whoever can maintain control of it, (and repel the otherworldly creatures that flood out of it) for an ingame year. As will become clear, which of these methods of winning the game you choose to aim for is a decision that must be made each game; while some clans favour certain playstyles, the map layout, and scouting of your opponents' strategies, will ultimately dictate the final decision.Overall I would say this is a fascinating game, in which the relative lack of mechanical complexity belies an impressive strategic depth. As for its early access status, the game has just enough features to provide a fulfilling experience already, and I've not encountered any bugs (although there are a couple of behaviours that aren't very well explained in-game, but don't appear buggy or exploitable). Strongly recommend."
,Recommended,466560,33669948,Posted: 20 July,all,D 'arc,if u like strongold but dont want to use too much your  brain :D its your game. so fast and comfortable.ı realy enjoy it even in beta. lets see how it ll after realese :D
76561198046195529,Recommended,466560,33050986,Posted: 30 June,all,Panda Meat In A Can,+
76561198081219614,Recommended,466560,33814782,Posted: 26 July,all,Nil,Awesome. That's really all there is to say.
,Recommended,466560,32305933,Posted: 9 June,all,KillerTreat,"Even while this game is in early access it has been a ton of fun. I've put enough hours into it that it's one of my most played games!My favorite part about this game is the feeling of exploration as you first start out. It's like coming out of the vault in Fallout or starting up a new game in Civ, it's just fun to see what your working with.The games usually last between 30- 120 minutes depending on the size and victory conditions. The game moves at a good pace with meaningful progressions throughout that keep you invested in each map. Being an RTS game there always seems to be something to do to push you forward. Rarely do I get that ""turn fatigue"" while waiting for the seasons to pass like I do with Civ.Overall, you can put quite a few hours into this game and have a great time, or you can just put in a couple and you'll still be set. Even with out a campaign yet, the replayability is huge, and I love that I can play it single player with a smart enough AI to keep me alert! I'm excited to see where this game goes and love that the developers put our regular monthly updates!"
76561197963138117,Recommended,466560,33821471,Posted: 26 July,all,Bullhorn,"A great, cozy game that is very interesting. Except when winter comes... oh boy."
76561197996762492,Recommended,466560,33822074,Posted: 26 July,all,Gott,"Fun game, I hope it continues to improve!"
76561197962096646,Recommended,466560,33822155,Posted: 26 July,all,Tromac,"So I thought I would have a quick game before bed.... ummm no. This game is immersive, I found myself enjoying every win, anguishing over every defeat but hanging in there to rebuild. Winters came and went, my people got sick and died, but we kept on fighting. In the end I lost my first game but it taught me much and I'm rearing to go again."
76561198100837787,Recommended,466560,33801289,Posted: 25 July,all,오짱,"This game is not bad, but i think it will be better with more wild units and can make them join my troop.And more quest and other contents. Thank you for making game like this."
76561198061624542,Recommended,466560,33799245,Posted: 25 July,all,Feint,Amazing game and my friend and I have put in maybe too many hours into this game. This was my first RTS so I have nothing to compare it to but it feels tough (on hard) but fair. My only real complaints with this game are that it feels a bit empty at the moment and  I've noticed the bots cheat at least on hard difficulties. I.e I killed 10 guards and a warchief and claimed a piece of land 5 times in one summer and they shown no sign of stopping. The game is definetly worth the price as is and more content is on its way.
76561198021309671,Recommended,466560,33799251,Posted: 25 July,all,boozie,I found this title via a twitch streamer.  I decided to pick it up when it went on sale this week and after my first game I can say that it is a lot of fun.   I played against bots and think that versus people could be even more fun.  It runs very smooth and I did not encounter any bugs at all.    I found the bonuses for each clan to be interesting but a little lopsided unless you enable all victory condition modes because each clan has their own specific benefit that may help them achieve that specific goal and disabling it pulls the rug from underneath them.
76561198024885424,Recommended,466560,33800216,Posted: 25 July,all,Margoth,"This gme reminds me alot of the old Settlers games. I particularly like how intuative it is as this hame has no tutorial. the settlement system took a little bit of getting used to. That asside i think i have only scratched the surface as there are several ways to win making this a true ""starategy"" game not just a tacktical battle of troops. i could go on about what i like, but sifie to say if you like stratigy games this is worth a shot.ps i like that your people are both male and female as it adds a nice touch"
,Recommended,466560,33819050,Posted: 26 July,all,ENDr@in,"Northgard is a fusion of The Settlers, Colonization and board game Small World. Fresh and highly enjoyable, even though still in EA. Easy to get into, hard to master."
,Recommended,466560,33818781,Posted: 26 July,all,MadJukes,"Siedler was my first game ever on PC, so this was a must-buy. Of course its not 100% or even 50% alike but you still get the feeling of it when thinking about the Siedler. Its a good game of its own though, and compared to For Honor where I wasted 60€ + season pass just to be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about bad balancing and missing content this is well worth 20€ !"
76561198026386095,Not Recommended,466560,33005697,Posted: 29 June,all,erfqfrqe,"This game, at the moment, doesn't really do anything that hasnt been done before, BUT IS STILL FANTASTIC FUN. I'm hoping that the content of the game as it is now is the necessary foundation that all similar games need, and that it will become more unique as the developer builds on that solid foundation.It does get updates, having just had one this week which added a new clan and made some minor tweaks.I was concerned that there was no dev activity on the forum as the guy who mods it is a contract community manager. I'm still not convinced that much of what is said gets to the devs, but that isnt necessarily a bad thing as it could result in them getting distracted from their vision for the game.If only there was a third option, but on balance i wouldnt recommend buying this game right now, but absolutely would recommend buying it in a years time when its had a bit more work done on it."
,Recommended,466560,33835990,Posted: 27 July,all,Avarice [貪心],Fun game
76561198025317898,Recommended,466560,33824841,Posted: 26 July,all,jarcher1991,"Coming from a long career with Age of Kings/Galactic Battlegrounds, and a fair amount of time with Civilization, and the Total War grand strategy games, I can say that Northgard provides me with what I feel is a fresh experience.While civilization allows you to wage war or diplomacy on a global scale, and Age of Kings is a more local, regional scale, Northgard is a very small scale - county size or so. Some people have complained about the building limits and destroying a mine to move to the next plot, and while it is somewhat cumbersome to be on the lookout for more resouces - it seems more plausible to real life.I am one to have also played a fair bit of Rimworld and Stonehearth, and those games also force you to be on the lookout for your next plots of resources. While you don't have the territorial boundries to deal with in those games, you still have to expand at some point.I enjoy the experience, and I know it will get ironed out and expanded on. I'd get it on sale or if you really like Historical RTS games."
,Recommended,466560,33862909,Posted: 28 July,all,GiantSpaceRobots,"Small issue I ran into last night.. I had three upgraded, fully staffed trading posts all actively trading with the giants.  I won the game via trade while my relationship with the giant was only ~70%.Is this an intended game mechanic? If so, it would only be useful in a pure domination victory condition game and the giants shouldn't exist outside of this environment.please advise"
76561198082574608,Recommended,466560,33850668,Posted: 28 July,all,Yazanova,its been a while since i played a good Strategy game. well done and keep the updates coming.
,Recommended,466560,33863869,Posted: 28 July,all,Centeol,One of the best strategy games right now.
,Recommended,466560,33847503,Posted: 27 July,all,Problematic,Never written a review before but this game is just so awesome and has so much potention with the campaign and multiplayer.
,Recommended,466560,33849406,Posted: 27 July,all,Niilomaan,"Great little game to play while watching Netflix. A bit too simple, slow and easy (against the AI) to qualify as proper RTS, but still enjoyable time waster."
,Recommended,466560,33812817,Posted: 26 July,all,Kebust II,"Great take on a strategy game, very enjoyable, and gives me nostalgia from back in the Age of Empires days. Also, the Norse mythology aspect makes it 10x better."
,Recommended,466560,33813688,Posted: 26 July,all,Wade Heighway,Epic!
,Recommended,466560,33763731,Posted: 24 July,all,Teurastaja,"It is just simply awesome game.Don't mistake it for a fast Starcraft-like clickfest RTS game. Instead, it's slow-paced city builder with some combat elements. It has that very familiar and safe feel to it, but at the same time it has its own look and there's quite a lot of uniqueness in it. It's something fresh and new to genre of RTS in general, and fills the hole in city-builder games.It takes some elements from Settlers and Civilization, while being it's own game. And it works! It's fun, interesting and falls under the tag ""easy to learn, hard to master"". There are actually a lot more to it, than may seem at first glance.It's still in Early Acces, but it doesn't feel incomplete at all. The mechanics and gameplay are great, aside from few bugs (but no crashes or anything that really ruined the game), it's just missing some more content: more buildings, more units, some fine-tuning of some the game elements. I can't wait for the campaign to be released!"
,Recommended,466560,32961426,Posted: 28 June,all,Harys8[Smurfur],its a very fun game like sjyrim but no dragons
,Recommended,466560,33924558,Posted: 31 July,all,Timmy Trumpet,"Amazing graphics, Great casual experience. Still has some weaker points as it is its early stage but yet its already very entertaining."
76561198133738139,Recommended,466560,33919617,Posted: 30 July,all,WhaddaSmack,"Great game, would recommend to anyone who enjoys a fairly straightford strategy game"
76561198094869662,Recommended,466560,33920022,Posted: 30 July,all,jeremy.fehlig,"Extremely simple, highly enjoyable. A very good casual game. Plus beautiful graphics. Happy with my Early Access purchase. Can't wait to see what they do next with it !! Would recommend."
76561198175953897,Recommended,466560,33932977,Posted: 31 July,all,jurriaanmk,Super Game!!If you like gameds like age of empires you will love this game!!Its easy to learn and play and just fun to play for hours!There are a few bugs and thinks than need to be fixed but its still a fantastic game!!
76561197971021139,Recommended,466560,33932390,Posted: 31 July,all,Grubert,"A well-crafted mashup of popular RTS games, eminently playable even for an early access version. You’ve got your buildings, your specialised villagers, your military units, territories to conquer which become more expensive as you progress (to avoid exponential growth), a harsh winter season, reminiscent of “Banished”, which forces you to stock on food and wood but also weakens your enemies, a tech tree specific to each clan, a very usable UI and so on.Graphics are super cute but could improve by being more contrasted, which would increase the overall “legibility”. Other than that it’s a solid 7 out of 5 for me."
76561198043492659,Recommended,466560,34540084,Posted: 27 August,all,jameshardin62,"good challenging game keeps you interested, i would love to see more technolgy and sea expansion."
76561198321017829,Recommended,466560,34552799,Posted: 28 August,all,matei,This is a soso good strategic city buider have a so good optimizationand have a so good graphics i recomand
,Recommended,466560,34545770,Posted: 27 August,all,startledsloth,"It's like Banished, only when you tell your villagers to do something, they actually do it."
76561198066410207,Recommended,466560,34562580,Posted: 28 August,all,Regis,Oh cmon there is nothing else cooler then VIkings
76561198055182578,Recommended,466560,34566274,Posted: 28 August,all,DAYZ,Great game!
76561198315260060,Recommended,466560,34553823,Posted: 28 August,all,Pirate Nixon,"Pretty near game, needs balancing for the random starting point of every player as that can be an early sign of loss when starting under a cliff/between enemy clans"
,Recommended,466560,34551184,Posted: 28 August,all,SlowIP,Really enjoy the concept of this game.In my opinion it's like a minimalistic Civilization game where enviromental elements can influence your victory conditions.On of the few early acces games that really puts effort in this with every patch.
76561198079119389,Recommended,466560,34569974,Posted: 28 August,all,Chief Blastro,Great game and work in progress the art fits the game type and style. Awsome to play
76561198047913726,Recommended,466560,34460000,Posted: 24 August,all,zombeewolf,Has to be one of my favorite games of this year. Can NOT wait for the full release. Great RTS
76561198039526685,Recommended,466560,34493853,Posted: 25 August,all,Sarknr,"Good game bloody hard at times, lost all my workers a few times but i just want to play more. love the victory conditions and all the different clans awsome work devs. Its a really fun RTS"
76561198015928416,Recommended,466560,34501714,Posted: 26 August,all,kir kanos,nice little game
,Recommended,466560,34501194,Posted: 26 August,all,Uunileka1488,yes
,Recommended,466560,34513462,Posted: 26 August,all,Jabberwocky,"This is a very simple game.  Let's  get that out of the way first - if you're looking for mechanical complexity, it ain't here.  There are no tech trees with 30 units.  There is no micro-management.  There isn't really even that much to DO, but what there IS, is an enjoyable, basic base building game with a fun theme.If you like RTS games that aren't about your ability to click thousands of times a minute, this is a quaint and well-executed little venture.  Don't come into it expecting Age of Empires or StarCraft, and think more along the lines of Banished with some simple combat."
76561197993929665,Recommended,466560,34512755,Posted: 26 August,all,Ducktape,Great game.
76561198012140092,Recommended,466560,34510304,Posted: 26 August,all,big.bas,"I gotta say for a early acces this game is pretty goodnice grapics, fun way of playing a rts of top classi hope to see the campaign or play this with friends."
,Recommended,466560,34471479,Posted: 24 August,all,KirbyVr,"Northgaurd is a fun war building game with a neat take on the battle style. The graphics are pleasing and the different clans are pretty balanced. Best part is the Devs keep updating the game and takeing note to what the Fans say, This game is a yes yes yes!"
,Recommended,466560,34472345,Posted: 24 August,all,Mole,"Northgaurd has an excellent foundation to a great rts game that takes the age of empires theme and modernises it in a unique way. However, the game is in beta and has a long way to go to make it a well rounded game. some features appear usless at the moment and after a few hours of gameplay the game is quite predictable but the AI is very tough to beat giving you a still enjoyable experience yet still can be frustrating with lack of or incomplete content getting in the way. I recomend you buy this game with the understanding that it needs work."
,Recommended,466560,34515550,Posted: 26 August,all,[Dork++] dANSK,"In short: I like Northgard!For an Early Access game it has very high potential to get way much better - even though I like it as it is!The villagers are smart, compared to AoE3's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ villagers. They train (creates) automatically. Even better, they start harvesting food without the need to beg them to do it.One of the cons is that it's hard to getting started with. It might require a couple of hours to learn how to master even the Easy difficulty level.Hopefully I will write more pros and cons about this game."
,Recommended,466560,34518585,Posted: 26 August,all,Velocifox,Good game though I would like it more if military power was significantly nerfed across the board. I don't want Starcraft micro axe throwers.
76561198026001283,Recommended,466560,34511416,Posted: 26 August,all,Lumpy Custard,"Excellent game, very well thought mechanics. Good development team and fast updates!"
,Recommended,466560,34492520,Posted: 25 August,all,Davion,69
76561198064886300,Recommended,466560,34608956,Posted: 30 August,all,Lamaman,"It's a good game. I like the territory system.One thing I think is missing: more diplomacy.You can only trade with non-team mates. Nothing else, and when you have soured relations enough with someone, trading becomes impossible.I would like to see 1 or 2 more ways to establish good diplomatic relations."
,Recommended,466560,34589220,Posted: 29 August,all,Scruffy,"This is a SOLID strategy game and the devs are on top of things, which is great. It's somewhwre between civ and Warcraft, in a very good way. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who likes RTS games. I don't play MP at all, so I cannot comment on that side of things although it looks like the community is mostly respectful and positive (which is rare imo). But for solo play, games are fun, challenging and not overly long or complicated. I can't wait to see what they roll out next - new clans, a campaign mode and who knows what else. Plus, it's Norse themed and you just cannot go wrong there!If you are like me and shy away from Early Access games, I can tell you this one will not disappoint!"
76561198077977260,Recommended,466560,34588652,Posted: 29 August,all,Matmanps2,Bought this on a whim and I LOVE IT. Feels like what Empire Earth 3 should've been with a mix of Warcraft.I love the art style! Would like more clan types!
76561198034149308,Recommended,466560,34589807,Posted: 29 August,all,kTwitch,"Digging it so far.It's like a mix between Civ 5 and The Settlers IV, and the latter was one of my favorite games as a kid. So I like this genre.The variety between clans is pretty cool, and I definitely feel myself playing differently between them.I'm only 4 1/2 hours in, but I still haven't gotten good enough to compete at the 'medium' difficulty level.I'm sure that will come over time.So far, it feels very difficult to build up a strong military. I feel like I fall really behind with everything else doing so.The atmosphere is really sweet.I love the big giant camps and sending your vikings out to plunder is neat.The music is good, and the art is really pleasant to look at.My one ask is an option to slow down the game speed.I'm finding it hard to relax and enjoy the game because there is always something that needs doing.All in all, 9/10."
,Recommended,466560,33986801,Posted: 3 August,all,Ace,"( BAD STUFF )great game multiplayer is good tho the lag is bad if you are connecting to server you basicly are good on multiplayer for host but the internet for other players joining the host is peer to peer (I heard not cold hard fact correct me if I am wrong) which means that if someone has bad connection everyone not including the host will be bad on inter which sucks when you are trying to attack for example you are attacking someone and you suddenly see a hoard of enemy clan troops you try and run but due to the latency of the game you end up haveing your troops damaged or even maybe one killed which can be annoying when you know it's not your fualt but that's mainly it for lag now the different tribes I think the idea of the clans is great with each one being very different  and you can pick the one that represents your playstyle but in particularly the wolf clan is very much over powered with attack power being added on the more you get into the game with you having a large army before anyone can get the chance to go into %50 of one of the victory conditions which is bad for other clans becuase even if they have a well put together army they will be beat out by the attack power of the wolf not even thinking of a 3 v 3 with one team having full wolves I mean you would think that the devs would do something about this at some point and I understand this is early accsess but this issue should have been fixed a long time ago also I should throw in giants take way to long to get that needs to be changed devs plz everyone hates it(GOOD STUFF) I personally think the aspect of grouping together with multiplayer and communication with your team in a stratagey game is a great feature in this game and I hope that there will be voice chat implemented into that aswell which I think would be a good addition to the game  on top of communication you can help your teamates/ be helped via trading, feasts, deffending, trading territory combined with the different events that you can see happen deppending on the difficulty which mixes things up every time you play  could offer interesting ways of attacking enemy clans example during a blizard your team can group up and attack someones resources which they needed for the blizzard and have their village suffer and while they try to fix everything after the blizzard you can attack that's one of my favorite things about this stratagey game is that there are many ways of plotting attacks with different clans having special mechanics implemented that makes for interesting plays I should have mentioned this earlier but i also appreciate how there are different ways of acheiving victory wetherit is tottal domination, becoming a king, a cool map special , ext which kept me interested the whole time I was playing( END )  (TO POTENTIAL BUYER OF NORTHGUARD) all in all this game isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥I got my moneys worth out of the game and I think this game has a lot of potential of becoming something amazing and it's getting more and more popularity which could in turn give us better features that could be in the game but if you don't intend of buying the game or you think it's just not good in the state that it is in try and wish list it and see maybe one day in the future you will be bored and you will see this game and see how much it has grown and maybe just maybe you will try it out thank you for reading my review and stuff(TO DEV) you guys have been doing a great job with game so far and I feel like you will continue to do more fantastic work I really badly want to see the game shine some mechanics you can add are hopefully new deffences I feel like a archers tower is a little bit bland maybe something like a cannon,spikes or some walls would be a cool add on and maybe some device for attacking like a battle ram that could do mor edamage on hit to a deffence tower at the expence of a one use unit just something new for the army not specific to the clans or maybe a spearman like high damage now deffence and hp? idk something like that anyways I hope I gave you some ideas or something I think I am repeating this but keep up the great work !"
76561198033365912,Recommended,466560,32515870,Posted: 17 June,all,ken_phil,"Awesome, modernized RTS."
,Recommended,466560,34056804,Posted: 6 August,all,Lotte,"Overall, mostly great game, but I have a huge issue with population happiness. Clan members become unhappy for seemingly no reason and, unfortunately, it becomes gamebreaking for me. Even though my clan has plenty of supplies, gold, upgraded buildings, and frequent colonizations, they become unhappy and population growth comes to a screeching halt. Then you can sit and wonder what the heck else, they want. And if no new clan members generate, the existing become even more unhappy.Aside from the above, the game has great graphics and animations and a cool Nordic/Skyrim-ish inspired setting."
76561198062752593,Recommended,466560,34057962,Posted: 6 August,all,yoda_1336,Amazing work done with this game so far and much more to come im shure!!!
76561198005142780,Recommended,466560,34055541,Posted: 6 August,all,jimbobjim11,"Excellent game, cool graphics, very addictive, looking forward to the campaign."
76561198038473561,Recommended,466560,34045366,Posted: 5 August,all,stormhammer,Excellent game worth a look
,Recommended,466560,34046102,Posted: 5 August,all,CustomNightmare,"If you are into Nordic Mythology, this is a must have. Its pretty basic and easy to get used to. Depending on play-style, matches can go on for 2 hours or even longer. Very replayable"
76561198017669252,Recommended,466560,34044403,Posted: 5 August,all,TwisteD,"really good game, bit like civ games but with better combat"
76561198021922437,Recommended,466560,34047513,Posted: 5 August,all,Murum,"Lovely game that is a mixture between 4x and RTS, while maintaining an old school atmosphere and feeling that i have missed in strategy games over the past decade theres just something bout having those workers gather up those resources and watch them build things up in real time in places where you chose...i know something that simple and thats what got my attention...yep...it's small details like that, that make this such a classic the game is still in early access at the time of this review and what it needs is more depth in the factions more uniqueness, needs depth in the technologies, so that players can specialize in a more personal playstyle and i hope the campaign will be really rich in its storyTL;DRMassive potential and heading down the right track for a strategy game.--------------Pros:-Old school feels are back-Great Soundtrack-Active devs that constantly work on the game-Performance wise the game is fairly optimized and really good looking for a strategy game-Great replayability-Just the right amount of time needed to put into a match with mates or solo.(yes u can actually finish a game without people leaving)Cons:-Lacks individuality between factions or rather they are to similar there is a need for it to have a more specialized playstyle between each faction-Needs more depth in the technology tree so that players can research their way into their own unique playstyle-Warchiefs need to have something more special about them than just be a heavier more dmg more hp unit."
76561198049254791,Recommended,466560,34052293,Posted: 5 August,all,CoioTe_BH,"Really refreshing RTS, despite of it is yet a Early Acess, the game is very funny, the Multiplayer is great, you can find people playing almost at any time. As i really fan of RTS, since Age of Empires 1, i am gratefull for Northgard, of course there are some things to be improved, as any early acess title but it is in the right way!!! No regreat buying this."
76561198324564606,Recommended,466560,34086504,Posted: 7 August,all,PepperyPaladin,"I like where this game is going! They update it at a decent rate, the gameplay is enjoyable, and the art is nice! If you like Catan or any of the Civ games, you will like this."
76561198072635787,Recommended,466560,34095025,Posted: 7 August,all,Jebiwibiwabo,"In its current state, Northgard contains RTS elements along with the familiar Civilization format in terms of tiles and structures. However this does not necessarily mean that it is just a conglomeration of strategy games combined, it adds its own unique twists by creating objectives for players to seek out and fulfill along with elements of danger and resource management with food, clan variance, krowns and more all needed in order to keep your people alive. I hope that this game recieves continual updates and additional content, it is a unique twist on an oversaturated genre that I pleasently enjoyed."
,Recommended,466560,34095843,Posted: 7 August,all,Gambol,"I have been waiting for a casual RTS for a while now in steam. Northgard was the one that shone through. Easy to learn, enjoyable, and even more enjoyable graphics. Strategy is required to win each game. Its Developers work steadily to come up with major updates. New features are constantly added with each update. Its Devs listen, react and are very responsive towards the community. I have found very few bugs and glitches in the game thanks to the work of the developers. Multiplayer has been a blast to play, especially with the company of friends. It is still in early access which means it can only improve more. Simple, elegent and fun. Would recommend greatly."
76561198142502873,Recommended,466560,34121395,Posted: 9 August,all,Digitgidgit,Great kingdom builder with its own unique style and feel. A cross between an RTS and board game this EA title is very playable and has kept my intrest even after all these years of RTS games this game comes across as something fresh. Imo its worth the money.
76561198024377301,Recommended,466560,34043970,Posted: 5 August,all,Frog Chaser,Good game so far. Definitely recommend for people who likes Civilization and Age of Empire combination.
76561198039651434,Recommended,466560,34113657,Posted: 8 August,all,Vicago,Very fun. Great way to waste an entire day. Can't wait to play it in its final form.
,Recommended,466560,34134949,Posted: 9 August,all,Deathedge736,good so far.
76561198086164268,Recommended,466560,34317943,Posted: 17 August,all,Shazeus,I really enjoyed playing the game. There are a few things that they need to change/add especially for victory because the AI is really easy lol. Overall amazing game.
76561198411889211,Recommended,466560,34283969,Posted: 16 August,all,egereinn,This game is new and remarkable.This game has a multiplayer section and instead of normal gaming game will own a storymode section too.Pretty impressive I liked this game.
,Recommended,466560,34300445,Posted: 16 August,all,frendytrojan,Very nice~~~~
76561198038334440,Recommended,466560,34299423,Posted: 16 August,all,IsJohnTaken,"There's not much flavor when it comes to combat, but the game shines enough in other areas that you'd barely notice."
,Recommended,466560,34330961,Posted: 18 August,all,Nutt,"Northgard is a well-rounded RTS ,which focuses on strategy and some luck to win . Sometimes doing one action could change the whole game.Northgard is a good game to play with friends and random peopleThe only exception to this is that there are no dedicated servers to play on. Some hosts leave game or be afk at lobby.Apart from that the game is good and the Devs keep updating it to keep it fresh and new.*10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,466560,34333364,Posted: 18 August,all,jOrA,"Good game which takes a different approach to strategy than Civilization. The game looks good. You have five clans which are not a lot but developers said they will add more in the future. One of the biggest advantages is that you can control each person individually. Each clan has special bonuses at the start and as you progress. The game also allows you to research new technologies. They are mainly the same but each clan has some small variations. Northgard is set in Norse mythology so developers made special map victory condition which requires you to control a special part of the map which associates with Norse mythology.The problem is not that there are not a lot of clans, you can build lots of buildings which makes the game really boring after you play for some time.Hopefully, developers will add more buildings in the future but nothing is certain except developers said there definitely be a campaign in the future."
,Recommended,466560,34340119,Posted: 18 August,all,RedHawk7,"Its a type fo game ive never tried, its a fun game. takes time to getting use to."
76561198038934969,Recommended,466560,34337724,Posted: 18 August,all,simc1,Warcraft meets Endless Legend. Very promising game!
,Recommended,466560,34341272,Posted: 18 August,all,PumpkinGwin,"Lego battles after a ""Realism"" upgrade."
76561198034127507,Recommended,466560,34342051,Posted: 18 August,all,ejstarjr,"This is a gorgeous and highly enjoyable RTS game. Fun mechanics. Reminds me a lot of Age of Empires II in all of the best ways. Obviously many differences between the two, but some of AOEII's best, most playable features are mirrored here. The unique map system, the map-specific win conditions, the constant balancing of your people's various needs (Do I focus on wood now, or stick with food? How harsh is the winter going to be? Were those rats?), everything about Northgard is an absolute joy. Brilliant, excellent, magnificent quality, especially considering the game is still early access. Much higher polish, much higher quality, much higher replay value than many games which are post-release and into patches. Well worth the price, even at this stage. Get it while it's hot!"
76561198081815871,Recommended,466560,34362994,Posted: 19 August,all,ml_goff,The love child of Skyrim and Warcraft 2. It fills a recent need for Warcraft 2 I've been feeling lately but I've been spoiled by modern graphics so much that it just doesn't do it for me anymore.
76561197979614008,Recommended,466560,34386407,Posted: 20 August,all,josephdh,"This is a board game video game, and it is great. Elements of worker placement, resource management, territory control, and heavy theme. And you can full play-through in just 60-90min! I really love this. When no one will play games with me at home, it's the perfect alternative. It's wonderfully balanced, and the clans play with slightly different strategies. (Differences could be a little more dramatic, but still.) Great find, good on the development team for such an interesting and unique approach to the RTS space."
76561198025410300,Recommended,466560,34352768,Posted: 19 August,all,freedow,"Awesome. If you enjoy age of empires and heroes of might and magic, you wont regret.But beware if you have IntelHD graphics, its not current supported but they are working on it."
,Recommended,466560,34366946,Posted: 19 August,all,DudesChunky,Very good RTS. Cant wait to see where they take the game. Looking forward to updates and DLC. Would suggest this title to anyone who likes RTS
76561198186348283,Recommended,466560,34371904,Posted: 20 August,all,GenMadDK,"Real fun playing, even though I'm a tad dissapointet that the campagin wasn't ready yet (And the game has been out since January) With only single games it gets a bid tedious after some time and repetetive...I'm really looking forward to the campagin!"
76561198079448822,Recommended,466560,34407423,Posted: 21 August,all,Itchy Butthol,very goud ;)
,Recommended,466560,34406642,Posted: 21 August,all,[SWRM]dakirch,So far I have really enjoyed this game and hoping some more of my friends get it so I can try out online.  For $19.99 it is a great purchase.  I would recommend playing a few single player games before jumping into an online game.  The flow is a lot different versus most RTS's.   But it achieves that in a great way.
,Recommended,466560,34173313,Posted: 11 August,all,Robby Boombastic,"Game has some bugs here and there.  Progress can be difficult.  But it's fun.  Don't regret buying early access, but I would suggest waiting for some improvements and upgrades before spending the money."
76561197968351168,Recommended,466560,34180462,Posted: 11 August,all,Remi,"Exactly what I've been looking for.  A little bit of building, resource gathering, and combat."
,Recommended,466560,34157381,Posted: 10 August,all,Covr1g3L,10/10 - Vikings
76561197961338785,Recommended,466560,34198756,Posted: 12 August,all,Svedinos,really fun game :)
76561198022206846,Recommended,466560,34220174,Posted: 13 August,all,Skelet0r67,Just got this game a few days ago and have played about 3 games now. As a casual gamer I can tell you that this game is easy to get into and a whole lot of fun. It has a multiplayer mode so if you want something competitve you can use that option as well. Definitely recommend it for anyone looking for a fun new strategy game!
76561198064624147,Recommended,466560,34232443,Posted: 14 August,all,Jambo,One of the most complete early access games I've ever encountered. It already has enough content to justify the price and yet they are still adding more features. Absolutely one to watch.
76561198135882743,Recommended,466560,34227875,Posted: 13 August,all,dodgechik,Lovely Game.Very polished. Exciting to see how it will come along.9/10
,Recommended,466560,33681031,Posted: 20 July,all,Tea,"The game itself is onto a winner. If it keeps adding and expanding then it'll be up there. At the time of posting it only has multiplayer (with an option but endless singleplayer but no real point or challenge). Once they add the campaign it'll have a lot more going for it. The multiplayer is where it's at though. Takes some getting use to but once to have it, you can use what you know with other teams."
76561198331132095,Recommended,466560,34195983,Posted: 12 August,all,fjumanka,"I bought this game at first because it looked cool viking stuff. :derpclickmodeon:Than, when I started to play it I realize it is even better than I expected. For a early access it's extremly good and satisfying to play. Yes, from time to time it gets repetitive by season, but to be thrutful, never did I reach any victory, so this is still a must.It's the AOE refillment I've been waiting for a long time. I can't wait to see what will be when the game gets to full grown up game."
76561198244645502,Recommended,466560,34188560,Posted: 12 August,all,PersianKing10,asdasd
76561198007153958,Recommended,466560,34189316,Posted: 12 August,all,WINRAR,Such a good game!
76561198125698508,Recommended,466560,34270239,Posted: 15 August,all,Chapo Guzman,got 40+ hours on this game it is one of the best stradegy games out there right now with many elements to it.
,Recommended,466560,34492756,Posted: 25 August,all,SpaShadow,"I don't know if I am bad at this game or it's very hard, I am getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked every game and yet, I can't stop playing this game. Would be nice if some of my workers would auto though, it's a bit of a mad dash."
,Recommended,466560,34483904,Posted: 25 August,all,wuggs,"Northgard is a very fun combination of a City builder and an RTS. It's quite unique because unlike in other RTS games where the goal is usually to destroy your opponents army, structures or base in Northgard you can achieve victory in a civilization-esque manner aswell which means achieving victory through trade, fame or by doing random map objectives. The game took the best of both genres and managed to blend it perfectly together.Before buying though, you have to be aware that the game is in early access and it's missing quite a few features which I hope they'll put in the game in the future so it gets a better replay value. The singe player campaign is supposed to be coming and I'm looking forward to that but the game should introduce some sort of matchmaking system because it would be easier for players to find matches. Also they should probably add more buildings, units and victory conditions instead of creating more completely different clans.So long story short, it's a beautiful game with tons of potential. It is definitely worth the cost."
76561198329140392,Recommended,466560,34502606,Posted: 26 August,all,brendonwarren840,"Honestly it is  not what I hoped for...1. Please increase buildings you can place down yo atleast 8 in main town and 6 in others. Maybe swamps just 4?2. Increase the Happiness rate from Brewers by atleast 50%3. Increase the amount of Food gained in farms vs regular land. Only a food or two difference is not worth it. Atleast add 7 per farmer not including bonuses yet. Same with Hunters Lundge4. Scouts shouldn't die as often as they do, allow them to be upgraded to be cloaked or something?5. When buildings are on fire ping that buildings location on map until it is put out or building is destroyed.6. Show were ur Troops are by placing a color of ur faction dot on there location. Also maybe the Patriot of the Berserks, Armored bear, etc.7. Increase the troop cost of gold to a base 100 gold, and make a special unit for each different troop type building that gives bonuses to that specific unit it produces. Also for the healers correct how fast they heal it can be a little to fast if you have 6 of them... Maybe make them cost gold atleast to make. People could spam troops then attack retreat to heal and repeat. Bc they are all healed to 100% in 20 seconds.8. Allow each faction to have those Beast from the Dark ages..9. Wolfs spawn automatically on any turf unclaimed but don't provide meat when repeated killed within 3 minutes of being on map or something or unless it attacks player.10. Increase gold productions from the Market and Traders b atleast 2 gold.11. Allow buildings to be upgraded a third time or atleast Houses, Farms, Woodcutters, and Food Storages.12. Add a technology advancement into game seperate from the discovery system you have now. Like Increases military health bonus by 1% max of 25 levels. Cost gold and Fame? 10gold 10 fame added per upgrade.13. Allow two Defense Towers in one area. The second one just consumes a building slot. I can just send in one weak unit for it to target then send in the big one after and I destory the first one without much damage bc I remove the injured guy out when around 50% hp so he can go heal. Make it slow the enemy attack speed or throw fire on them to take damage over time.14. Make the Townhall come with higher tech defense and upgradable to 5 times each time increasing population growth speed by 20% and then on 4th and 5th level increase the defenses range to friendly turfs to also defend them as well. Or pick one turf to defend on 4th level then on 5th level pick another so you can defend two turfs with that one area which is most important in game... should have more value then any other area.15. Allow players to combat together and joint forces by trading and giving certain things to keep friendship.16. *****INCREASE THE MAP SIZE!!!! THIS ONE IS THE MOST IMPORTANT ONE!*****17. Give the players a lord of their faction to control please!18. Allow a map creator section so players can design there own map so they can play it live with friends and other players!19. Make NPC harder and my complex.20. Increase the stone, and iron from deposites.. Like by 200% seriously lol.THINGS I DO LOVE!1. The style of the game.2. The factions different buffs and paly styles.3. Can fight NPC other then the PLayer NPCs..4. Can win by other means then domination.5. Can catch on to the game fairly fast!!6. Comabt style is fun and really cool to plan out how to attack.7. The Winter, and Summer concept!8. Natural Disater events.9. You can choose to be aggressive or defensive!10. You can choose to rally your troops, although I do wish u can just select a spot to put them on the map urself."
76561198328036268,Recommended,466560,34490490,Posted: 25 August,all,wallace.trevor,Great game in the style of Settlers
76561198033366207,Recommended,466560,34490513,Posted: 25 August,all,Packavan,"I am playing real time and turn based strategy games from Kohan release in 2001 and I love it. Unfortunatelly the majority of real time strategies are star/warcraft projects, where after reading dozens of guides and playing online for 100+ hours you could master the game just by doing the same things. I love SC and Warcraft. But I think, that there is no more place for strategies like those two.Northgard is something really different. You enjoy the game. You enjoy cozy graphics and beautiful music. You also enjoy uilding your small kingdom, where you need to have enough foof, firewood, happines, gold and gather stone and faith in order to upgrade your bbuildings and advance technologically. This is really nice. Not just gas and minerals. It reminded me Rise of nations, but a lot more balanced. Balance is what could make this game great in multiplayer. I love it and I recommend you to buy it at full price to support developers."
,Recommended,466560,34662820,Posted: 1 September,all,NamelessMoffe,"Even in its early stage it's still a fully fletched and entertaining game. If games like Civilization or Hearts of Iron are too time consuming for you, this one is sure to fall within your taste. It's guick, fun, and a thoroughly entertaining gaming experience. 10/10 would recommend to anyone who are interested in stategy games."
76561198086464715,Recommended,466560,34654955,Posted: 1 September,all,Fr0nTLiNeR,"Good game, even though its not finished yet."
76561198017115191,Recommended,466560,34630051,Posted: 31 August,all,Tingywingy,"https://youtu.be/5fZiMXbKBRAThis game is one of the example creativity gameplay by user which using game animation control and area effect control to attack on enemy and avoid counter attack, I love this kind of creativity by user to figure out how to gain the most effective on each action on each unit through out the gameplay.i won't call these thing as a bug or deflect plz dont remove it, just give him other disadvantage or penalty something like he can use this move in the same way but he can get the chance of attack missing or something else that follow along the game concept.Another thing about the game. He's trying to play rush game and he quite make it happen against opponent through micro. I think its true that his opponent hardly to play against rush like him. Unit type like sheild bearer or tower defend is need time to prepare counter his throwing axe, may be somehow give him a choice like seeing enemy rush plan to defend himself, just dont remove rush gameplay plz. Give both player varieties of choice to make game fun.Game designer should see this is the challenge how would u react to serve the idea of user to ur product just dont turn back on them like SC2 do, they usually flattened the gameplay rush is rush, macro is macro, harass is harass. Just straight out the game push the user to their line who offside would be failto the game. I see the potential of this game that give many choice to victory. I hope to see player choosing gameplay by themself with gamedesigner support and open it width and wildly.Sorry for my grammar error."
,Recommended,466560,34783739,Posted: 6 September,all,Tilboy,Warcraft III meets CIV and Age of Empires: awesome!
76561198021992691,Recommended,466560,34777522,Posted: 6 September,all,Bob O,Fantastic game already worth the moneyUpdates and balance patches come often
76561198006045236,Recommended,466560,34792221,Posted: 7 September,all,Caelestus,"This game is fun.Played a FFA with complete strangers, all starved and suffered during the first blizzard, except for one...  Minor skirmishes between my neighbor and I, me on the receiving end.  Final blizzard nearly wiped out all players, with me going from 35 population down to 10 population.  The one person that never starved was destroying another player earlier and now moved on to me.  As he was crashing through my territories, an unlikely ally in the form of my previous harasser came to fight this guy off, losing all of his soldiers, which bought me about a minute.  Now my last soldiers stand at my Town Hall, waiting for the invaders.  My soldiers lasted but mere seconds and he was upon my Town Hall when...Trade Victory!I thank you those that assisted me, I would have simply died otherwise.This game offers such sweet moments, best part is, no one was angry either.  It was a well deserved and hard won victory."
76561198091405122,Recommended,466560,34925332,Posted: 13 September,all,MannCheez,"This is a very well-crafted RTS game. Not too simple and not too complex is what makes a civilization building game enjoyable. I also love its take on Vikings and Norse Mythology; I'm a sucker for anything Norse related. Overall though, even in early-access this game is very fun to play and I can't wait to see what potential it will bring out in the future."
,Recommended,466560,34999206,Posted: 16 September,all,Dabok,"Hello everyone!I normally wait until a game is fully released, or even like a year after before I go and buy it, but there aren't really a ton of RTS games/city builder games out there, so I got tempted.And I have to say, this was one of best impulse buys I've ever made!As of now, it's in an early access, in that they're working on the campaign and another Clan (there are currently 5 you can choose from).I think this game is an interesting take on an RTS game and a city builder/economy management game, in that it really incorporates both sides of them. And what I personally like is the PACE/difficulty of the game. Well... to be honest I've played on easy mode just to explore, and even that mode... ""things happen"", in the sense that, yes it's easy but things are moving, so if you slack you will get behind your opponents, BUT it isn't so oppressive that it makes you want to quit - it's just the perfect balance of pacing/difficulty in my opinion.The whole vibe is cool also. It's about the Vikings, but it isn't just one-sided Berserkers like they're usually portrayed (although there is one clan that embodies that, ahaha) - you got different sides of it, and all of them are pretty much interesting.I love how you can win in different ways - you just have to choose your path. But be careful, sometimes things just go WRONG. You have to face winter time, it's already hard as it is - but sometimes this is EXACTLY the point where SEVERAL ENEMIES attack you and you have no choice but to lose a couple of territories :( . But it's a good thing though, it's as I've mentioned above, it helps you to keep you on your toes and try your best to be productive.A great game all throughout! Very much recommended!"
76561197995639937,Recommended,466560,35030285,Posted: 17 September,all,Meganic,Yes
76561198185741611,Recommended,466560,34800557,Posted: 7 September,all,IwillDOMINATE,Great game I dont have a lot of experience but so far it just keeps getting better and better Its just awesome
,Recommended,466560,34804551,Posted: 7 September,all,VAlexT |victoralexandertan.com,"Did you Knew ""Battle Realms""? It seems like that~~"
,Recommended,466560,34804774,Posted: 7 September,all,Jates546,Great game with a lot of potential. Impatiently waiting for the final release.
,Recommended,466560,34853149,Posted: 9 September,all,Kang.Haffiz,"Extremely Well done for a game thats still in early stages. I love everything from the visuals, to the gameplay etc. I can't wait to see what the devolopers do with the Campaign. Im excited for the plans and the progression of each clans storyline. The only Critic i have is that the endgame element seems abit lackluster. Would like to see some more High Risk/High cost/High Rewards units/buildings in the endgame. Either then that, keep up the good work. Would 100% recommend RTS enthusiastic alike."
,Recommended,466560,34849103,Posted: 9 September,all,cristiancbf,"This RTS is amazing in its simplicity. You understand the unique mechanics in the first minutes of game, but it doesn't mean the game is easy. Also, it doesn't even look like an unfinished game.It is not a game of who spends all resources in warriors to destroy the enemy, but a game of who knows how to manage resources, buildings, territory, happiness, warriors and workers. Your poor management will make you stop growing or even lose progress. This makes the game really fun to play."
76561198081176105,Recommended,466560,34848141,Posted: 9 September,all,jarrrrr,nice game
76561198149029025,Recommended,466560,34830304,Posted: 8 September,all,Clit YeastWood,great game. I love playing these types of games but If I can't put out a fire there's something wrong there. I think It should be like you can repair with out sending anybody over there to put out the fire just for them to die intantly as they aproach the burning building my opinion is absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. so please just make It simple not dumb. There's no point in having the option to send them over there when all they're gonna do Is die please fix it I think It's total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to be honest.
,Recommended,466560,34806238,Posted: 7 September,all,ninja!,"This is pretty well the only game I play now. it's pretty slow paced, but that's the way I like it. It's also not overly difficult."
76561198122468703,Recommended,466560,34893260,Posted: 11 September,all,gennfox,exciting game looking forward to more instalments
76561197979669370,Recommended,466560,34902338,Posted: 12 September,all,WagFeliz,"So far this game is amazing, unless they messup very baddly this game will be a must have for any age of empires and civilization players out there. Amazing graphics, music, effects, infinite strategies to make ( like age of empires really ), there is already a lot of multiplayer games to join, etc. Recomended."
,Recommended,466560,34901092,Posted: 12 September,all,Paradisia,"An original RTS game, finally!"
76561198073541217,Recommended,466560,34593165,Posted: 29 August,all,Scowling Owl,this game is pretty good. but all your people die when it snows.
,Recommended,466560,34621679,Posted: 30 August,all,Moonbow,"I had a lot of fun with this game. The graphics and the music made the game experience a very calm and approachable one. If I had to recommend any changes... I wouldn't necessarily take anything away but I would add things.  A lot of things. After playing several rounds to feel out the different paths to victory, I felt the game was no longer challenging and that winning, even by conquering all the other clans, was a sweep. This game is good, but it could be GREAT. It just needs more layers in my opinon to give it that edge it needs. I love it though, it's a lot of fun."
76561198103923987,Recommended,466560,34543151,Posted: 27 August,all,Dr3adnaught3,"A very unique and intriquing RTS game. The theme adds to the gameplay and makes this such an exhilirating game to play. It may take an hour to play a game, but every minute so far has been worth it! Easy to learn, harder to master.It still is definitely in beta and still has glitching that has me save then load the game on occasion, but overall is a great work in progress."
,Recommended,466560,34010889,Posted: 4 August,all,Raeka,8/8 cause I can finally realise my dream of being a shepherd.
76561198012335200,Recommended,466560,34738310,Posted: 4 September,all,Dog Soldier,Outstanding little town builder conquest game. Pretty well done and worth the $20.
,Recommended,466560,34407329,Posted: 21 August,all,[BDG] Kiwi.,"I hate the RTS genre (purely because i'm horrible at it) and only brought Northgard due to peer pressure, lol..and I'm glad I did! love the artwork, love the soundtrack, love the gameplay, I'm hooked!Worth the price hands down IMO, can't wait for more content and clansGive it a go!!"
76561198144953508,Recommended,466560,34894596,Posted: 11 September,all,kupp11,Great game thus far! I enjoy that there is a nice balance between maintaining each resource. This game plays very similarly to Age of Mythology except with some more boundaries. Looking forward to a campaign and more solid content.
,Recommended,466560,34901104,Posted: 12 September,all,BeastlyBen,"If Warcraft 3, Age of Empires, and Civilization had a baby... it'd be Northgard. I feel like there hasn't been an RTS like this in a while, and it definitely reminds me of the good old games. Of course I'd like to see some additions, like queuing actions for villagers and selection notification when clicking troops to help with micromanaging fights. But as an early access game, Northgard takes the cake!"
76561198018119560,Recommended,466560,35395707,Posted: 1 October,all,Droll / Tunturin Poro,"Northgard lacks a features that made The Settlers a good game.*DiplomacyDiplomacy doesn't existence. You can't interact with other clans.To prevent them from attacking you, you need trade for them your resources and that's it. They still raid your territory and give a bad reputation if you do the same. Backstabbing AI.You can't ask resources in return. It would be nice touch to befriend with other clans. Forming Alliances, Helping in battles, sharing resources and map together.Especially when you run out food or Wood during cold winters and you desperately need fulfill those needs.And there is no a 'Teams' features. Which I would liked to play Co-op with AI teammate, against everyone else in the map.*Purchase unitsIt would be nice if you could puchase a villagers, when you were ready. You'll lose your Happiness with each villagers that spawn in the course of time as long you have a empty houses. This will slow down your progress constantly when you don't have enough or your Happiness is too low to produce a Villager.*BuildingsThe game itself was quite simple. Rush-gather-survive -tactics and game ends very quickly. Doesn't make you care for your village, if you aren't more invested to building the powerful Viking village. There should be more features for custom your village. Roads, walls, interacting villagers, caravans, Production buildings for goods, Blacksmith to improve your iron.The game does have potential to be great.The game in it's current state is a bare-bone of skirmish game."
,Recommended,466560,35411300,Posted: 2 October,all,۞A۞b۞a۞n۞d۞o۞n۞e۞d,This game is really good even when it is in early access.Pros:-Soundtrack-Art-Updates are frequent-Developers responsive and open to opinions-Like Warcraft 3 but reduces many of the micro managementCons:-No Storyline/Campaign yet (on release campaign mode will be included)-Win conditions are not balanced (some are easier than the others to acheive)-Can be repetitive-Sheep too op
76561197993157082,Recommended,466560,35418867,Posted: 2 October,all,aichouse,Fun concept... waiting on the game to flesh out a little more
76561198122695742,Recommended,466560,35423655,Posted: 2 October,all,David Addor,This is not a forgiving game. Takes a little to get used to the mechanics but it IS pretty fun. I ended up buying an addtional copy for a friend also.
76561198059637432,Recommended,466560,35403977,Posted: 1 October,all,YBTHEKING,"Early access Game... Well it is already great, gonna be amazing and i can see this game taking many prices home in the glass cabinet... Love it ;)"
,Recommended,466560,35425419,Posted: 2 October,all,Wanou,"Slow pace, but good graphics and interesting mechanics."
76561198071769426,Not Recommended,466560,32407823,Posted: 14 June,all,Dragondonk,"NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!I can't understand why this game gets so many thumbs up. It has some potential but right now the game is seriously lacking. There is no campaign and the single/multiplayer is way underdeveloped, it gets boring in a few games.While this game has some potential and might some day become a great game, it's far from it.I would never pay 20 EUR for this game until they put ALOT more work into it, working out balancing issues, combat issues, boring long game issues and also launching some kind of single player campaign."
76561197993468857,Recommended,466560,35335207,Posted: 30 September,all,PAP,Recommended.10/10
76561198068763192,Recommended,466560,35354055,Posted: 30 September,all,kabadaro,Very Good... but short
76561197986482960,Recommended,466560,35446085,Posted: 3 October,all,MegaBOB,Either RTS are not my thing or the easy-mode is to hard. Nevertheless....I like it.
76561198067794912,Recommended,466560,35441070,Posted: 3 October,all,Monument2Sin,"Cute little RTS. Does things differently but in a welcome and refreshing way from the usual RTS games.You wont have huge armies fighting it out with walls to protect you. Northgard is about having an efficient and healthy economy to keep your clan happy, fed and feeling protected. Your army or Warband on average will be around 8 soldiers at the end of the game. There's 3 types of basic infantry, and some unique soldiers that come in the form of the Warchief which depending on which clan you pick can also be the Beserker or the Hand Maiden.You'll spend most your game gaining a footing, establishing trade and expanding into nearby territory which could be infested with enemy gaia such as wolfs or mythological creatures. Each territory has advantages or disadvantages that help you or work against your progress. Depending on which clan you pick, you also have things available to you that determine how you should play to achieve victory.THe game is very detailed, and for a small and quaint RTS it has a lot of depth and strategy for approach."
,Recommended,466560,35441598,Posted: 3 October,all,AAA,♥♥♥♥. . I love this game so bad..
,Recommended,466560,35390892,Posted: 1 October,all,Infinitesimal,"I bought this game yesterday, it's pretty fun but there are many things I'd love to see implemented. More on clarification on the happiness because I still have no idea of how to increase happiness other than constant feasts and breweries. The wolf clan makes it easier to be happy because of the bonus happiness from military units. Another thing that is frustrating is the warband camp. I understand this is a small itle from a small dev but ya'll have built a great game that still needs a bit of poloshing and content. At this stage in early access I'm looking optimistic since it's still a great game. Happy I bought it, would recommend to my friends, stay rad developers, and good job on making a good rts game."
76561198057182691,Recommended,466560,35396203,Posted: 1 October,all,Dashdust,Great game for anyone in a viking mood
,Recommended,466560,35381043,Posted: 1 October,all,Keanu,Good Game
76561198022236367,Recommended,466560,35387745,Posted: 1 October,all,stumpysheep,"TLDR - I only wish I'd downloaded this earlierI'm a huge RTS fan but have never bought a game in Early Access before, so Northgard had been on my watch list for ages, just waiting for the full release. But then yesterday I was bored and it was in the sale so curiosity overcame me and, honestly, I was blown away.Just to make this clear, aside from the lack of a single player campaign, pretty limited tutorial instructions, and some reported issues with multiplayer, Northgard is more of a finished game than many others are months after release. There's still that campaign, some more tribes, and no doubt some other extras to come, and my only (tiny) gripe is that I think some more work is needed on balancing everything, but at £15 it's an absolute steal.What you get is the spiritual successor to The Settlers that many of us have longed for for years. Older gamers and those using emulators will see elements of The Settlers 1 and 2, and I detected a bit of Genesia and some other long-forgotten classics. Younger gamers may pick up on The Settlers 7 (my favourite of the later games) and some of the better near-misses vying for the abandoned crown. And that's important when it comes to justifying an early access purchase, because The Settlers was always a game where the real fun was in the huge skirmish maps, not the more restricted campaigns. This is one of those games you'll go back to just for the fun of it.In true Settlers style, it's pretty and it's pretty slow for an RTS, with the pace changing through the seasons and in response to (pretty frequent) incursions into your territory from the wildlife and your opponents. The expansion mechanic, which requires scouting territories and buying them out, is similar to the Settlers 7 mechanic and it does the job. It's nothing groundbreaking, but then it doesn't need to be.Likewise, all the usual RTS / city builder mechanics are there, focused around generating food, money, resources, and 'fame', and building a warband to go raiding; and the Viking setting ties all this together very nicely. This means that even though the instructions are a little sparse it's still easy to pick up, and anyway part of the fun of a good RTS is working out how everything works. If this sounds a little less than enthusiastic, it's not meant to be. RTS is a hard genre to perfect because in the heat of a fight small niggles can quickly become deal breakers, but even in its unfinished state I haven't found any.As other reviewers have said, Northgard has all the signs of becoming an absolute classic. It may already be one."
76561198380755733,Recommended,466560,32645212,Posted: 22 June,all,MuyaMuya,Best strategy building game i ever played but the only problem i have with this game is the the LAG!!! most of the time i dont even finish playing the game wihout losing connection. I dont know if its because there are players from difffrent parts of the world playing or what.
76561197993232963,Recommended,466560,35436741,Posted: 2 October,all,Dagger33,Already a great game!
76561197980138613,Recommended,466560,35448984,Posted: 3 October,all,Techie,"Great early-access game, with lots of improvements being made during the year.Be sure to follow the facebook page for news and updates."
,Recommended,466560,35450836,Posted: 3 October,all,Blase,"Kind of an ideal mix between Civilisation and fast RTS style, and the nordic viking theme makes it really cool. Very fun. Looking forward the solo campaign :)"
