user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198043642717,Recommended,467320,32398374,Posted: 13 June,all,Rusty Shackleford,"Achievements: All very possible and reasonable.  You can even adjust the difficulty to get them if you need to.  I am in love with the fact that, despite there being a multiplayer mode, there are no multiplayer achivements being forced upon the player.  How great is that?+Addicting+Great mechanics for bosses, all unique+Nice way to improve type speed+Decent length for the price(Took me ~5 hours)+Can I mention again how great it is that there's no multiplayer achievements?+The Greek aesthetic was really cool and well implemented+Upgrade system+The armor/weapons really changed up gameplay and I liked how they showed up on your character+The ability to shuffle the letters was a really nice touch-Some bosses required you to spell out a seven letter word when it may not have been possible (or maybe my vocabulary is lacking).  This meant you had to renew the letters again and again (costing time) until you could spell one.  It got a little annoying, but most boss fights had ample time.-It's a very fast-paced game and there are time limits to each fight-Being so fast-paced, it's not a great way to expand your vocabulary.  Most fights I spammed words that sounded kinda correct without looking if they actually were.Overall, God of Word was fun.  It felt really similar to Letter Quest, and I enjoyed that as well.  It is timed, though.  Some may be discouraged that this is not a turn-based game.  You can, however, essentially overcome the quick-paced aspect of the game by lowering the difficulty.  I don't think it has any affect on achievements.  Other than that, I quite enjoyed this game.  It was exactly what was advertised: a word/typing game."
76561198058540668,Recommended,467320,25842820,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Zulgarr,"I just finished God of Word and I must say that I was pleasantly suprised by this word scramble / typing game.Most of the levels are word scrambles where you get 7 letters that you need to spell (type) as many words as required to kill the enemies and move on. The player is on a timer for each part of the level and is able to swap out letter sets for a 10sec penalty. The bulk of these levels have 3 parts which will mostly be standard enemies but sometimes will consist of 'hangman' or 'open chest' games. Hangman should be pretty self explanatory and the 'open chest' consists of making one 6-7 letter word out of supplied letters without being able to swap letter sets. As you progress through the game, certain enemies may be vulnerable to 5 letter words but take reduced damage or even no damage for 4 or 6 letter words and so on...this prevents the player from using the same mindset for all levels and keeps things interesting. Also, special tiles have a chance to appear at random when letters reappear after being used which can cause more damage or add time to spell words for that fight.Some levels (maybe 1/6 or so) will be typing oriented levels where words will move towards the player in the form of boulders, spears etc. and the player must type in the word correctly before it reaches them or die!! I had the most difficulty on these levels because they are entirely typing oriented. I did find however, that I got better at these as the campaign progressed do to the amount of typing done in the normal levels. Boss levels play out similar to normal enemies but have additional conditions to keep things fresh!! An example of this would be a timer on a tile that if the timer runs out before that letter is used, the boss will regain health etc.The campaign consists of 5 acts with about 10 normal levels each, with a few typing and boss levels thrown into each act. There are also 6 persistent upgrades that can be purchased with experience gained in the campaign. These include additional hangman guesses, more time, more damage, higher chance of special tiles etc. Finally there are potions (add damage or time) who's effects can be upgraded and equipable weapons and armor (one each) that add special abilities / conditions and can be upgraded. Potions and armor / weapons are puchased and upgraded with gold earned by playing the game.Throw in an Endless Mode for both word scramble and typing games and there is a good amount of content and replayability!!All in all I thought God of Word was a great word scramble / typing game for a great price!! If these types of games interest you, this is surely one worth checking out!!"
,Recommended,467320,25745854,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sorimachi,"This is a word scrambler game. While it does have some other word games, such as hangman or speed typing. It deals mostly with having a list of letters and making words out of them.Where this game really shines is the boss battles.So far, I've only dealt with 2 bosses, but both had a special gimmick required to defeat them, and a massive amount of health. This makes the already challenging game a super challenge. But I'm having fun doing it.If you like word games, you shoud definitely check this one out."
,Recommended,467320,28217612,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Just Another Moose,"Possibly the most enjoyable word/spelling game on Steam.The gameplay itself is not difficult, split into two typical game mode; a 7 letter anagram style game similar to Text Twist and a typing game similar to Typing Terror. Ramped the difficulty up to Hard+ immediately and found the anagram style battle mode to be a decent challenge - which will excite those who are proficient at word challenge games. The typing game proved near on impossible at the hardest difficulty. Those who are not so competent at speed typing as they are in resolving anagrams will be pleased to know that the difficulty between the two game modes may be split.For the price, there is plenty of content to enjoy. I have put 5 hours in to get halfway through the story mode. In addition, there are zen-mode style challenges where you can type or solve anagrams for as long as you possibly can to keep you entertained.The faster typers and solvers may find that the story mode and features get a little lost in the speed of things. There are upgrades to armour, weapons that will certainly help you as the challenges progress; however due to the speed of the play other elements of the game went amiss, such as which length words dealt greater or lesser damage to individual creatures.I would highly recommend this game to any word-game enthusiast!"
76561198142366455,Recommended,467320,32757462,Posted: 24 June,all,Here_Is_Plenty,"Tremendous fun and very hard in places.  Slightly ironic though that one of the achievements was spelt incorrectly ""Benelovent""."
76561197972137781,Recommended,467320,25860007,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Inspiral,"If you're reading this, you probably saw the trailer and the screenshots and figured it's a game in the vein of Bookworm Adventures and Grimm's Quest, and if you enjoyed those games you'll know already this is a game for you. It doesn't really bring anything new to the mix, apart from some typing challenges and bosses that require unique approaches to despatch them. But hey, for us word-game addicts simplicity is key, right?God of Word does score extra points with me for being a 100% completion in one playthrough. There's no grinding for achievements. You can realistically expect to spend about  7 - 12 hours depending on the difficulty you choose. Oh yes, it has difficulty levels. That's another plus. Battles are against the clock, but if you prefer a less stressful approach you can knock the Combat Difficulty down to Rehearsal level and take your sweet time. This doesn't affect achievements. Same with the typing challenges. Kudos to the devs for covering all player bases with that one.Overall, it's a wallet-friendly, no-frills 7/10."
76561198333968901,Recommended,467320,25743820,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,zestigma,"Good Game, very addictive. Great workout for your vocabulary."
76561198333272168,Recommended,467320,25744783,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,eric.a_16,Pretty cool take on word games. Enjoying the bosses and RPG elements. Having a bunch of difficulty settings is a nice feature. Definitely recommend picking up if you like word or typing games at all.
,Recommended,467320,29556025,Posted: 28 January,all,Halcyon,"A fun word-spelling game set in ancient Greece but with a goofy ""low budget community theater"" aesthetic.  But the aesthetic clearly mirrors the actual game itself: lovingly crafted on a shoestring budget. My only complaint is the fact that the difficulty ramps up dramatically during the final third of the game at a point when I had already leveled my character to the maximum. Luckily, the devs allow you to fiddle with the difficulty at any time without penalty, so I simply finished the game on easy rather than normal. Still, while a functional way to finish the game, it does however cheapen the sense of accomplishment. Late-game balancing aside, I loved my time with this title, loved the very manageable achievements and very much appreciated being approached by the devs to tell me about the game before its release. Well done!"
,Recommended,467320,25760396,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Shara!,"Engaging game, fun and challenging.  Game difficulty adjustable for different player capabilities. Cute theme and quirky art. Fun game to sink some time into and maybe improve your typing skills while doing it.A+ casual game."
,Recommended,467320,25771794,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Marty20k,A great new spin on this genre that doesn't get enough attention.Amazing amount of content for the price.A must buy if you enjoy the genre!
,Recommended,467320,32833235,Posted: 26 June,all,Metsushiro,"FIRST TIME PLAYINGPlayedless than 2 hrsUnlockedUpgrade featureFUN FACTSThe game offers a variety of game modeGAMEPLAYːGreenCubeː Beautiful graphics and UIːGreenCubeː Gameplay is easy to learnːGreenCubeː Can get 2 trading cards in less than 2 hrsːLightRedCubeː I don't have negative things to say about this gameFINAL THOUGHTSWhile I do recommend this game for every typing and puzzle fans, I personally find it too hard to play. I'm very slow at finding words and because of that, I don't gain enough attack points to kill opponents. Very frustrating. But if you're a genius at finding words, you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,467320,34870365,Posted: 10 September,all,lannpaige,"I bought God of Word in the CAPSLOCKDAY bundle. Of the five games available, God of Word looked the most appealing on the surface. When I started playing it, I wasn't disappointed with what the game had to offer.In God of Word, the player controls a warrior battling through various monsters and beasts based on Greek mythology. In order to slay each creature, the player has to spell out words with the tiles the game provides. The tiles can be traded in for a cost, but for most creatures, trading isn't necessary. Tiles can be selected with the keyboard or the mouse.Pros:- Controls are easy.- Game is easy to look at and read.- Goals are clearly explained.- Bosses are challenging but not impossible.- Many levels to play through.- Words already spelled are displayed onscreen.- Unlockable items add to the game and look good.- Some achievements feel like they have to be earned, but they're not unbearable to get.Cons:- Little replayability after the story is over.- One or two achievements may feel like a chore.- Can get repetitive.- Story route is not a straight line. Map has shoot-offs that the character may skip over if left to his own devices.- Everything has timers.People looking for a fun word game with good achievements will find a fun challenge here. Others looking for a great word game will likely have a good time with God of Word."
,Recommended,467320,28744128,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Pawlo,"Definitely the most useful game in my collection... The game forces you to improve, and it delivers quality playtime. The boss challenges are unique. I was surpised to discover that a large portion of the game is word scrambling; thus, not only are you improving your typing technique, but the game is just as much about vocabulary building... and that is exceedingly utile."
76561198016721336,Recommended,467320,25774160,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Wesvon,"Great concept, well executed, and overall really fun! The different game modes keep it interesting and the boss battles are pretty clever. If you like word games or typing games, I would definitely check this out."
76561197968070055,Recommended,467320,25842748,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Nick,"God of Word It's a fun Word Scramble game. I originally bought this for the ""typing"" parts of it but the typing is really more of a sidedish with the world scramble part making up 90% off the game and the typing 10%, if that.You go through a Greek Theater thing and you fight lots of bosses that have different neat variations on base world scramble concept.  It's kindof like a puppet show? Each of the bosses has the neat little intro scene. I'm a big fan.You can also play an endless mode for the world scramble part and the typing part.There is also online multiplayer which is cool. There is lots of game in here for five bucks... It took me around 3-4 hours to complete it. Go get it! Not enough games like this!The dev is also very responsive to feedback. I had some minor complaints on the initial release and the dev already adressed those in the latest patches so I'm a happy customer."
76561198072155841,Recommended,467320,29557032,Posted: 28 January,all,zeranixaimar,"Updated on 12/2/2017The developer made a quick response and re-balanced the bosses in the later half of game, making them more characteristic and the increase in difficulty more smooth. It works fine now, and if you are fond of word'spelling game, you can enjoy the course of play until the end.Good work, Mega Dwarf!-------------------------------God of Word is a real-time word puzzle + typing game based on ancient Greek mythology. The single player campaign consists of several acts, each act contains several stages, and in each stage you need either to defeat several common enemies by spelling word to deal damages to them, fight a boss with varied rules of the spelling game, or type your way through. In the real-time battle, you are given a set of letters (you can change the whole set at the expediture of time), and in order to beat the current enemy, you have to spell enough word correctly to excess a fixed HP for this enemy before time runs out.I've played the demo version of this game and posted my comments on the developer's forum. Although I can see that they have made a good effort to improve the game according to my and other's feedbacks, this game is still sadly not good enough for me to recommend to anyone.The game is almost bug-free (especially compared with the demo), has an antique and attractive art style with interesting  details, the music and sound effects are ok, and even the first half of the playthrough was fun. Everything is fine, until the Cyclops showed up. Before this boss, when you are beaten by an enemy, either common one or boss, you have the feeling that ""I will surely pass the next time"" or ""Grind a bit, and I'll do it"". But meeting the bosses after the Cyclops, you may find most of the character traits, weapon and armor upgrades you obtained by hard working become nearly useless, and after many failed attempts, you just hope the game to end as soon as possible. The main reasons for that feeling are probably: 1. you should almost reach the top level at this point and would have no difficulty dealing with the common enemies, while the experiences and gold (later upgrades require a very large amount of gold) they offer are not that useful as in early game, but you still cannot avoid them. 2. the bosses have too much HP (bullet sponge) and abilities requiring you to keep concentred for quick response (you need to spell a correct, unused word with a random selected letter within 2-3 seconds).I changeed the difficulty of the game from normal to easy after I was defeated by the Cyclops for about 10 times, and I could never change it back. Even so, I had to try twice in average for each boss thereafter (except the last one which is a pure bullet sponge). So I think there's really something wrong with the numeral value design in the later part of the game.Since there is only a few word puzzle games with RPG elements on the worldwide game market, this game may still has potenial if the developer can tweak the game right, but it cannot be recommended in the current state."
76561198022266051,Recommended,467320,30456189,Posted: 11 March,all,OakenPants,"The game has a neat story-idea traveling from place to place fighting different bosses with different challenge levels interspersed, only to be rather let down by the ""adequate at best"" implementation.Overall the game was alright.  The majority of the game is a simplistic ""come up with words from a 7 letter scramble"".  So gameplay gets pretty repetitive as you do a lot of the same 3-4 letter words over and over.But every so often it does have unique and interesting challenges for you to do.  Such as to open a Treasure Chest to receive a bonus where you have a limited amount of time to come up with a single 6 or 7 letter word;  or another challenge where you have to guess a word ala Hangman-style to also earn a bonus; yet another one where you'd have a long series of words you had to type rapidly.The game also introduces varying tiles which when used offer various bonuses or buffs, or can also cause negative effects.  When a tile is used it can cause more damage, less damage, give you more time, or more health, or even less damage, or become locked where you can't use that letter again for a period of time, etc.I also really liked the idea of the 'bosses' which had a lot of health and introduced a different aspect to battle them.  Some may be immune to 4-letter words, others had to be finished off with a 7-letter word or it's head would grow back (ala a hydra).On the downside, the dictionary used could use some help.  Some serious help.  There are some very obscure words used, and some I'm pretty sure are not even words.One place a better dictionary could have been used is the Marathon typing challenges (the rapid sequence of words).   It just seems a missed opportunity where the rapid sequence of words could have all related to a theme of whatever was occuring at the time, but instead, just random (and sometimes obscure) words plucked out of a dictionary.  Here's a sampling of the words I faced (captured through screenshots while playing):erotize, nonet, physed, conked, flouter, copular, packets, sapient, mossers, tenace, rhombic, ....just random obscure words.Another place a better dictionary would benefit is the on the Treasure Chest challenges (where you have a very short time to make a 6 or 7 letter word out of the letters).  Here's actual two 7-letter words you were supposed to come up with (on different challenges):petnaps,  bitters.   The level does allow you to come up with 6 letter words to complete the challenger for a lesser bonus, but those are almost as obscure as those 7 letter words for these 2 words.PROS:+ Neat story idea for a typing game+ Great variety of bosses, each unique+ Great sprinkling of various challenge levels+ Graphics and Art Style+ Nice campaign for a typing game+ Typing Challenges, where it's a rapid sequence of words+ Variety of weapons with different special abilitiesCONS:- Some very obscure words (if even words) in the dictionary used- No consequence or penalty for simply randomly making up words or guessing- Missed opportunity when the Typing Challenges are just pools of obscure, random words, and nothing to do with the theme or battle at hand.Overall, it really is a neat game, but simply implemented with an ""adequate at best"" approach to almost everything.  6 out of 10.For a far superior typing game, I recommend you check out ""Epistory - Typing Chronicles""."
,Recommended,467320,25966973,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Gamesjunkie,"A fun word game with a  Greek mythology theme. You can buy upgrades, armors and weapons to help you along the way. There are also 5 difficulty levels from rehearsal (very easy) to hard + so you can find the best setting to fit your typing skill. Recommended for fans of typing/word games. Well worth the low $4.99 price tag."
,Recommended,467320,25790685,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Kyokilla,"In short:If you like those typing adventure games from the 90s, Scrabble, Greek Mythology, leveling up, loot, and/or addicting word games of any kind, put the $5 you were gonna spend on that Starbucks monstrosity back in your pocket - drive to the bank, deposit it, and then use those funds to buy this game.If anyone has any questions or wants more in-depth information, watch my review (or ask the question here and I'll do my best to answer it)Also, after you buy it, get online - I want to multi-play with you and your mother. <3https://youtu.be/NvwzXvFbTXU"
76561198042654662,Recommended,467320,25742538,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,DayLawn,A super clever game with a refreshing gameplay mechanic. A twist on a classic |typing| kind of game that`s constantly throwing new game modes at you. Worth checking out and WELL worth the price tag.
76561198055306554,Recommended,467320,33800239,Posted: 25 July,all,Reab,Story mode is good for about an hour and the other single player options start at a very advanced level which are unplayable if you don't type at a professional level.
76561198011070130,Recommended,467320,28835447,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MiraculousMouse,"If you are a touch typist and want a challenge, then this game will be a great buy. If it's a buyer who wants to win easily without too much effort this game will be dissapointing. I wanted a game to really test my typing speed - and it does - with many losses before an eventual win. And you really feel like you have achieved something after a win as it is not easy on medium level.This game kind of reminds me of playing chess against progressively higher skilled AI opponents, but instead of stretching your abilities in chess, it does the same thing in stretching your typing abilities to the maximum.I'd recommend this game if you want to increase your typing speed. It will also challenge your word knowledge if you are a crossword or Scrabble fan - I'm neither, so unlocking chests of gold with 6-7 letter word strings is really challenging for me, as I just like to learn vocabulary from reading and what's popular in conversation and writing as opposed to some way out word not in use anymore in the back pages of a dusty dictionary . . . but the more I try, the more my typing speed is increasing so I'm not complaining :)"
76561198001959091,Recommended,467320,25769008,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Barbarians,I'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys word games. I love the setting and have enjoyed all the game modes.
,Recommended,467320,25745446,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Major Pro Lapse,"At the time of this review, I played halfway to the third bossI must note that typing games are not my type of games. I enjoy story driven gameplay or games with a meaningful progression. Personally, I have never felt that typing games really excelled in doing either. The only typing games I feel have done that are:Letterblox. A competitive typing flash game on the now-closed website OMGPOP. Highly stylized and did not feel like a flash game or a browser based game, really emphasised the reward of good play and competition. Lots of fond memories facing against my friends on this game and others on OMGPOP (rip OMGPOP).Epistory - Typing Chronicles. A story driven game with typing elements. In order to progress in the story, you would have to explore and find areas that needs typing to be done. Additionally, enemies are slain by typing words, similar to a game mode found in God of Word. Also, super pretty.On to God of Word! It's alright.GameplayThe gameplay is what you might expect. In general, you're presented with seven scrambled letters and it's your job to make as many words as possible with them. That might be appealing to some, but I'm not hugely into it given how it's a single player game. Most fights up until the first boss have the whole ""duel"" appearance of the top of the screen - where it looks like your character and the opponent are going to fight each other in an epic battle. That's not the case. The opponent stands there until a timer runs out and if you beat a score threshold you kill him and move on. There really isn't a sense of urgency, which seems to be the opposite of most games that take place in the times of Greek mythology. I would have rather seen a system set up where the enemy hits you periodically and variably, causing you to lose health, but each time you type a word it will harm the enemy until one of you dies. Furthermore, more urgency could be added where health and damage carry over to the next fight until you reach some sort of town hub to rest and buy gear.Various mini-games are tossed in from time to time, like Hang-Man, speed typing to kill enemies (similar to Epistory's combat), and the incredibly interesting boss fights. Bosses such as Medusa change the mechanics of the fight to reflect their lore. The variety that comes every-so-often was just enough to keep me playing, just to see what the next boss was and how the new mechanic would make me tremble.StoryDepending on your outlook, you may be disappointed to find that there really isn't one. With a theme so dense with lore, there was literally one line of ""story"" from the beginning 'till about halfway to the third boss. Though, to some, this may be appropriate. This game might just be a test of your word-unscrambling mettle.StyleGod of Word is a pleasing game to gaze your eyes upon. An art style similar to the flash game series Swords and Sandals really lends itself to being approachable by all audiences. Though, and this is little fault of the art design, this game is obviously a Unity-based game. Other than the Unity logo upon start up, menus can be stretched and text can be distorted depending on the resolution you play on. In my opinion, it's really tricky to make a game with Unity while trying to hide all of the unwelcomed quirks that it brings, and this team did well to hidemostof them.SummaryOverall, this is a cheeky game to put a few hours into just to explore the various bosses and monsters throughout the game. God of Word is challenging enough to convince you to keep going, but not so difficult where you'll be left uninspired to bother moving on. As it stands right now, however, I don't see much replay value in the single-player mode. I played one match of multi-player and it felt exactly identical to any of the basic single-player fights, so I don't believe that will keep the game going either. I feel as if God of Word needs a little more than just finding words with a few rules and exceptions through it. Personally, I need a reason to play a game; whether it be substantial and meaningful character progression, a story that leaves me wanted to know how it ends, or an exciting multi-player mode that shows real time results of the matchup (like Letterblox)."
,Not Recommended,467320,25767714,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,🐧 crow,"Mediocre. Even though the trailer shows multiple gameplay modes, the majority of the time you will just be finding words within a set of letters -- something which is facile to anyone -- over and over again tediously in order to get enough points to win. Can you find the word LOP, and also LOPS, and also SLOP???? because you have to do all of them including plurals to kill the boss, which is tedious repetitive ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. The other EXCITING GAMEPLAY MODES I have experienced so far are a hangman minigame which you have to grind levels for to be able to win regularly since at first you have fewer guesses than there are vowels or common letters meaning you may lose through no fault of your own, and a boring typing minigame which sucks and is bad. Terrible game."
,Not Recommended,467320,30189533,Posted: 26 February,all,APerfectCircle,"Really unbalanced, for the most part I can play on the most difficult setting, but for some levels have to turn it halfway down, there's too many difficulty settings, it should be kept simple at maybe 2 or 3. I'm sick of changing the difficulty level down by one because it's impossible to beat a boss, and then it becomes too easy and I'm sitting there staring at the screen for 2 minutes waiting for the time to run out. If this game was more balance I would probably complete it. I don't recommend it at this stage because most levels are too easy even when on the most hardest level."
76561198086580750,Recommended,467320,25775118,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,TheKillerPoodle,"Do you like letters? Words? Oiled up Greek men?This game has all three.EDIT:So I've finished the game and I've got to say, I really enjoyed it. It's a great destresser and something you can play for a few minutes without a big time commitment. That doesn't mean it's short on content, though. It took me nearly a full ten hours to make it through the main game on medium difficulty.The boss puzzles are a lot of fun and give you some inventive challenges to go after while doing the word scrambles. For example, you must spell a word of a certain length to continue or have to focus on using certain letters to prevent debuffs.There are some nice RPG elements in putting points into skills that give you more damage and time on levels, and you can choose armor and weaponry which provide modifiers and special abilities. Are you not min/maxing in God of Word? Get on my level.Good developer support with balance patches and a fun Hallowe'en update (the witch is my favourite boss to date). I like it!"
76561198333162737,Recommended,467320,25803680,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Blogfather,"Well, so far I wasn't STONED with Medousa, RIDDLED by the Sphinx, SPELLED by the River Styx, BITTEN by Keberos, or EATEN by Leos - so I guess that means I'm playing well on MEDIUM... or is that I played MEDIUM-WELL?Fun game, Megadwarf!Also, love the stats.. only wish more people ventured into the multiplayer mode to give it a try... Is there any way to find out how many people are playing the game concurrently? -- Rather than waiting for someone to join the game when there's nobody out there."
76561197974961727,Recommended,467320,25942243,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Manu77,"A great little game. Having good fun with it. Provided you love typing games. Some levels are very difficult, fortunately you can use lots of items and equipment to make your life easier. Almost at the end and fun so far!"
76561197987689406,Not Recommended,467320,25743840,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,H. Wadsworth Birdfellow,"I came into this game expecting a colourful typing test to challenge the people with quick fingers. Instead it seems like an endless version of Words with Friends/Wordfeud. I will elaborate.What I have played of the main campaign:You get into the game with no story (not that I would expect a story, just a point worth mentioning)You're set up with a minigame-esque sequence where you have to guess the right word, type a word with x amount of letters or something of the like, and after either succeeding or failing that you get on to the game.The game is, you're handed 7 letters and have to make as many words as you can from them, in order to deal x amount of damage to your opponent and that way be victorious. In the beginning it was interesting, but I quickly tired from doing the same thing over and over. Especially as it seems the campaign is a lengthy one and except the minigames offers little variation.EDIT: There are apparently 10 typing game sequences throughout the campaign.There are three other modes to speak of.-Endless word game which seems to be the campaign without variations or modes to it.-Endless typing game, which is closer to my expectations based on the video and images presented. Although this quickly becomes stale as well, as you have one scene of the main character attacking his enemies which come from the same direction and offer nothing new or enticing visually.-Multiplayer mode, which is a competitive online edition of the wordfeud mode, although that is currently dead/lackluster due to the missing player base (Saying that, do note that it might change in the future depending on how many people acquire this game.So personally, expecting a typing test 'type' of game I was disappointed, as I was met with a game based on letter-combination.That being said, this game is well developed and with an interesting artstyle. It is just not for me, as Wordfeud and Words with Friends already exists and fulfills the interest for this kind of game.For people interested in a type-racer based game, I would refer to Typing of the Dead: Overkill."
76561197972399252,Not Recommended,467320,32842003,Posted: 26 June,all,scionkiller (chris),"Terrible game with timers for everything. Awful graphics and ""story"", would have been better off with something minimalist and clean. Mashes genres together and does a poor job at all of them.For word-finding, play something like Letter Quest. For typing, try Epistory. Don't waste your time with this."
76561198001932746,Recommended,467320,25896458,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Time Travel is Boring,"Oh jeez, this gam is gret.I luv the ansent greks, their my favrite subjet in histry clas. The muvie 300 is greT!Tis game is hrd and tugh, but far its rlly helpd me with tipingI juzt thought the midissa an it ws soo spoookt11/10, I like this game."
,Recommended,467320,35273721,Posted: 28 September,all,KipofMudd,"So there's a bug that has made me restart multiple levels and I'm just tired of doing that at this point.A random letter will appear in the first box (the box where you assemble your word) every now and then between defeating enemies and you cannot get rid of the letter in the box. It basically puts you down to six letters, makes it awkward to look at and just kind of ruins the game.Other than that, the game is fine. It's not super inovative or anything, but it's fun enough. None of the other reviewers seem to have this problem so maybe I'm doing something weird. Either way, it needs to be fixed and I only saw one (super, super old) thread on it in discussions.I'm only recommmending this because there seems to be only 3 people that have experienced the bug apparently."
