user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,468000,31910275,Posted: 22 May,all,Mr.Shlong,"UPD. The game has been patched, so everything below might be not applicable anymore. Check for other reviews to see if something has changed in a positive way.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I've waited so long for this game, and it seems that now i have to wait even more for a patch to appear.I'm sorry to say that, but at the moment the game is a mess, and i feel very bad for saying that because the visuals are BEAUTIFUL! Unfortunately, there're reasons i can't recommend you to buy the game right now (unless you have a gamepad, if that'll work out better, let me know.)On launch Impact Winter welcomes you with a default Unity settings window with maximum resolution set as 1680x1050. First of all, that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, because you can change the resolution in-game to your desirable 1080p and i guess more, if your screen is bigger.Clearly, there has to be a cursor in the game, since it shows you a cursor upon beginning loading screen, but after that it disappears forever nowhere to be found. And it will haunt you forever because control scheme for in-game interaction with menus and the gameplay itself is a ♥♥♥♥in hell.First of all, you have 3 buttons working as an ""accept/interact"" action. You have ""F"" specifically for engaging with in-world objects and npcs, you have bloody ""E"" for everything inside pop-up windows in-game, and you also sometimes have ""space"" replacing the ""E"" button for no apparent reason, i guess that's just to confuse you. It's infuriating.You mainly use WASD to move with your character, but to navigate inside menus and dialogs you HAVE to use ""arrows"" which is ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t since you don't use those keys for anything else, there should be a mouse cursor to resolve that issue but it disappeared on game's startup.And let's pretend you will get used to these controls, well, if that's so, i have more bad news for you. Character's response to input is delayed for about a second or less, and interaction with buttons and menus sometimes doesn't even agree with the fact that you're pressing a button.I am very sorry to say that, and i'll be sure to change this awful piece of writing after those problems will be fixed, but right now, wait for the patch. This game deserves your patience at least with it's look and design."
,Recommended,468000,32055910,Posted: 29 May,all,SarcasmFairy,"It's really sad to see this game get bad reviews and put players off from buying it. There were some key control issues at first but with the recent patch combining mouse and keyboard controls it's running smoothly control wise.The game is everything I've wanted for survival games (less zombies! omg no more) to lean towards:Storylines driven by characters' pasts and then the replay value by not having the time to rush and delve into everyone's stories from your first playthrough.There's a good balance of fight or flight moments towards wildlife, battling the elements with whiteout blizzards & harsh winds slowing me down. Decisions where I go ♥♥♥♥ IT and take on wolves or a storm can be stupid but rewarding. Not putting down signposts? BAD CHOICE during a blizzard or batteries running out.Fixing up my base so that it doesn't have to rely on me going out on supply runs? Yes. Yesssss.Finding strangers to help. Deciding to waste my energy or time to help? Is the rewards worth it? TIME is worth it.Searching for elusive items to finally making something. Yes. No more handholding and GPS 'The item is over there, dumbass' moments.I'm loving the story, characters and just finding new places to explore. It all adds to it. All decisions I make can help or break my playthrough. I like that. That's survival. Learning to do♥♥♥♥♥♥properly.TL:DR: The controls are fixed. Most bad reviews from release can be ignored. I know there will be maps and guides released on this game soon and, for now, I'm happy enough exploring the void.Kudos, developers. One happy survival game fan here."
,Not Recommended,468000,31912830,Posted: 22 May,all,Smithfield,"ENwhy it's 'no':v. 0 -No mouse, not even in primary menutip: you can and youhave to mentionthat kind of detail on Store page, Steam has a special info-box for thatarrow key are not even mapped, menu control goes with wasd (can't describe you how cheap that feels)of course (as usual) no azerty layout detection whatsoever (it's remap through Unity pseudo ""launcher"" or common Windows keyboard switch: alt+shift)key hints for the controller/pad that keep showing up when using keyboardso many actions keys alias > E,F,ctrl (plus wasd for moving, and x, and tab... and so many more counter-intuitive keys)within first 2 min outside:got stuck in a bush and had to restartfootstep trail got misplaced/stopped showingwhenever character is behind a wall or a building, too often, it won't fade out/become transparent in order to still see yourself movingnumerous loading screens (some of them being abnormally long (with SSD))inventory system does not bother with the stack conceptscarce sound FX killing an already too weak atmosphereyour base and outside world are different instances, not ""talking"" to each other@Dev. next time you should actually play a contemporary top-down survival before developing your own. It's not that Impact Winter is too expensive for what it has to offer, it's just that it's a formidable waste of resources, all that time, that money, being edited by Bandai Namco... for a result that no update in the world will save.REFUNDEDgames with similar gameplay or theme that make it a thousand times better:cf. Flame in the Flood, The Wild Eight, Don't Starve, The Long Dark, Eternal Winter"
,Not Recommended,468000,31909468,Posted: 22 May,all,Swamp Butt,"This game is a mess in its current state.  I've played Early Access Alphas with more polish.  It's like they didn't do any QA at all.No mouse cursor or mouse support on the in-game menus even though you can see the cursor during intro videos, controller support goes in and out, sometimes the d-pad works for UI navigating, sometimes it doesn't, sometimes the B button works to go back in the UI, sometimes it does not even though there are prompts on screen.The game lets me choose my native resolution in the launcher but forces me to a different one in-game with no option available for my native resolution in the in-game menu...This game is completely broke, I'm refunding now. Avoid it on PC until the devs get their game together."
76561197960668474,Not Recommended,468000,32592828,Posted: 20 June,all,Rocksteady,"Update 7/20/17:  Still buggy, even after the patches.  I still want to play this game, but bugs prevent me from accomplishing anything.  Below review is still accurate.Concept of the game is great.  Execution is terrible.  TONS of bugs, some of them game breaking.  Would be a fun game if it didn't constantly screw you with bugs.  Lost items, items not working, bugged crafting recipes, terrible controls, etc etc etc.  If you're still interested, come back when its deeply discounted and they've had time to patch it 6 or 7 more times."
76561198022459674,Recommended,468000,32507800,Posted: 17 June,all,Geias,"I love this game. It's a combination of just about every mechanic I adore from the good old days of proper PC gaming melded together into a very well crafted and difficult survival, exploration adventure.That being said,.....The UI and control is absolutly atrocious. Jittering, barely working canabled together input functions are a massive frustration. This should have been an early access release. This is not the state a finished game should be offered to the public. Rife with bugs and astonishingly abysmal control both via controller and KB+M amazingly enough, (Yes they even managed to massivly screw up keyboard and mouse controls.) it's hard to really get into any serious time investment that a game like this really requires. Key expensive items vanishing, buggy item selection literally tossing valuable objects into a bonfire with no recourse is unexcusable.This will be one of my favorite games, it's exactly the kind of experience I want and believe needs to be explored more often by developers. All they have to do is actually finish the damn thing rather than feed us this steaming pile of what I can only describe as barely out of alpha code they have released so far. If there has ever been an example of a game that should have been classified as early access,.. this is it.Whomever made the executive decision to release this as a ""finished shippable game"" should have a really good look in the mirror and maby contimplate the possibility they they have been promoted beyond their abilities and competency. I want to know exactly what happened in those meetings,.. what idocy was on display, what rational was put forth, what avarice conspired to come to the decision where you basically shot yourselves in the foot, seemingly on purpose. Was beta testing even something you discussed? Was there a beta test? If yes,.. how the hell did all of this slip through? I want to knnow all of this, not to lay blame, the damage is done. I want the story,.. There is no way it's not an epic tale of ineptitude and poor judgement.So yes, flawed is probably the milest possible way to describe Impact Winter in it's current buggy state. But,.. for those like myself who feverishly crave exactly this kind of game, if/when this is all sorted out Impact Winter will truly be a game that will be played for a long time and cherished as a modern classic of the genre. All ya gotta do is pull your heads out of your asses and get this stuff fixed guys. I for one, am cheering you on."
,Not Recommended,468000,31913070,Posted: 22 May,all,Synthfloyd,"Terrible keyboard controls,21:9 aspect ratio not displayed correctly,chopped from bottom.Loads of bugs.Doesnt even feel challenging.Yet its a beautiful♥♥♥♥♥game.Devs gotta fix these things asap."
,Not Recommended,468000,32163798,Posted: 3 June,all,StreetCleaner,"I love what indie studios are doing in taking risks and pushing the envelope on bringing challenging and/or novel ideas to life. This is why I support them and purchase their products. I really, REALLY want to recommend this game, but I cannot in it's current state (even after the patching).There is a very nice gem here under the large pile of bugs. Right now it can be a very frustrating experience. The mouse controls are still off (can tell it is expecting a console controller interaction), collision detection issues (keep falling through the ground, have to reload the game and hope I didn't lose anything), items disappearing from inventory as you transfer them, design problems (menus flipping around selections in wrong sections or becoming unselectable), optimization problems, etc... etc... I enjoyed the story (so far), loved the art direction, and loved the core gameplay mechanic/ideas. Unfortunately, that solely doesn't carry a game. It's current state is a war of attrition on patience and fun. You shouldn't have to continue to tenaciously push through the painful muck a QA team should have nailed down. If you need backing or want your community to assist, that is what Early Access, Kickstarter, etc... are for and customer expectations align. I hope the devs turn it around quickly and will gladly edit my review. I'll revisit it again later in hopes they pulled it out of the ditch. I wish them them the all best as this does have potential."
,Not Recommended,468000,31914669,Posted: 23 May,all,Vermilion Wlad,No mouse support;Using keyboard but tooltips are a mix of controller butons and keyboard buttons;No widescreen support;Loading times out of the♥♥♥♥♥
76561198007204357,Not Recommended,468000,32003477,Posted: 27 May,all,CrisFan,"The game has a great concept of survical in hard conditions. So lets start whit what i personaly likedThe good stuff- the story looks great- the game is chalanging even is some ppl say its not...- you can explorer a lot of stuff- it has building mecanics- the atmosfere of the game feels greatThe bad parts- the controls are .... bad, i can say i have a hard time playing the game whit the curent controls setup- the aiming in caves and battling wolves or other stuff is does not exist or at least i didnt get to manage to focus the attacking wolf (it will 100% kill you when you try to battle a wolf in caves. But it will aim just fine in the outside map ... strange...)- the inventory is very very small, at least this is how i fell about it- the loading during going out/going inside a building or other places, is very very long.. it takes a lot .. around 30 - 50 second for every time. It will annoy you a lot.- the management of the food and water is from my point of view a little to hard to manage (for a beginer its a 100% game over in less then 5 days)- some bugs relating to getting stuck (inside a NPC, near some cars and other stuff)- some building glichesWell it may look that there are a lot of negatives but if they all get fixed in the future paches then the game will be 100% a good game. This is how i see it. Sorry for my bad english ( i am trying to improve)So my conclusion is as of now the game is not recomanded.. i am sorry to say it but this is how it is now. If the game developers manage to fix even some of the bugs and above all the loading time then i think the game shoud be recomanded"
,Not Recommended,468000,31941635,Posted: 24 May,all,Plasmis,"Don't buy this before a patch correcting the current control issues is released, it's a complete waste of money as is. The developers really dropped the ball on this one.It's a shame, as it feels like it really has a lot of potential but it's just unplayable at the moment."
76561198033158153,Not Recommended,468000,31908794,Posted: 22 May,all,Rahmerh,"I played this for 10 minutes and closed it almost immediatly. I don't know if it's just me, but the control scheme is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ Half the buttons are for my controller, and the other half are for my keyboard. The select button switches from F to E to spacebar to A on my controller.Might buy again if they fix this garbage control scheme."
,Recommended,468000,31929702,Posted: 23 May,all,jakkibean,"This would be a beautiful beta.But it's not. It's a fully released game. And as someone who has played 9 hrs on release day, I've got more feelings than an animal rescue commercial.Cue Sarah McLaughlin.This game is visually great. The music goes well with the theme and I'm not sick of it yet. I'm an inventory management junkie (ie in-game hoarder). I play PC games with an Xbox controller, much to the shame of my family. I'm having a lot of fun with this game. Its a little This War of Mine, a dash of fetch questing, and a hint of ""Will there be zombies? Your messages say no, but your wink says yes.""That said, I've rage quit. Five times. I'm a glutton for punishment, you see.As of May 23rd 2017, the game is riddled with bugs. As someone who has done QA for video games, I get it. With releases you have priorities and as long as it doesnt crash the game or completely kill gameplay, you just patch it as fast as possible. But the bugs I've encountered keep me from progressing and force me to restart. I'm on Day 13 with 9 hours into it. I've had faster days being eaten by cannibals in The Forest. A few of the issues I've encountered:- MIssing collision where my character literally falls off the map in the diner- Collision where there shouldnt be, forcing my character to get stuck in a snowbank with no way out (main example, by the bridge near the traders camp to the north)- Quests not updating after completion, making me unable to continue a storyline- Tech vans resetting and not producing items vital for the quest- When a support asks if they should eat a can of food without a label, being unable to select yes or no, and also being unable to get away from that menuThere are also things like filler character names popping up, and the annoying problem of selecting Enter multiple times to go into a building, but something just isnt registering or lining up, so you move your character a little to the left, then the right, until finally it decides you've done well.There's no intro, cutscene, or immediate backstory. Dont know why that bugs me, but to just be thrown into You Wake Up is unnerving to me. Just personal preference.Even with the tutorial, there is very little hand holding. Which I actually like. It allows you to explore and experience the wilderness, which is think is a key component to the game. You dont have this gigantic map that shows where you are all the time, and you have to really watch your stats. They arent always on the screen. There are some things that still havent been explained to me, like why the robot will glow red and do the Hotter/Colder noise at times, but my hope is that it is the result of a quest that I cannot complete.So why do I recommend it? Potential. Yeah, it sucks that I wouldnt consider it fully playable in the state that it is in. As someone that the last 5 purchases have been betas that have no actual ""release date"", I'm used to going with the flow of monthly updates. Hell, I dont know if those games are ever actually going to be considered fully released! Why bother when, if you do fully release the game, the moment there is a bug people jump down your throats?So my recommendation is this. Try it out. Know that you need a controller. Go into it with an open mind. Put a few hours into it, and then shut it off. Wait a month. Let the dust settle and they can figure it out. Because when this is what we all thought it was going to be (and I really think it will), it's gonna be a great game.Be kind, friends!"
76561197977942674,Not Recommended,468000,31910818,Posted: 22 May,all,rypg,You know the game has terrible controls when mouse is disabled and the 'select' key for the main menu is NOT 'Enter'. Looked cool but definitely need to refund it in its current state - its a mess.
76561197994386406,Not Recommended,468000,31918187,Posted: 23 May,all,Finged,"WTF Controls?2 minutes to work out ""E"" to start the game - use the arrows to go up and down on the menu, and Enter dont work WTF???, mouse wont hook in, great start"
76561198165398957,Not Recommended,468000,31919054,Posted: 23 May,all,crazy_cuteness04,Been waiting months for this game to release only to discover that I cannot get passed the menu screen due to lack of a proper control layot. No mouse support. Very disappointing.
76561198017134625,Not Recommended,468000,31922011,Posted: 23 May,all,Nost,Returned the game.  Zero option to use a mouse.
76561197986955769,Recommended,468000,35192800,Posted: 24 September,all,Bloody Spy!,"A Survival Game About Exploring, Looting, and Keeping a Group of Fellow Survivors Alive and Well.TL;DR, pros and cons at the bottom.First, let me say that the majority of the negative reviews stem from bugs that the devs have since patched out (i.e. a lot of reviews are now out of date)Second, let me warn you that a game controller is highly recommended due to a bug (this is coming from a hardcore PC, keyboard and mouse person who happens to own and XBox 360 controller).The CraftingUnlike other survival games, you don't do any of the crafting yourself. You're simply the person who finds the required materials and then your team of 4 undertakes the crafting once you've collected all the necessary items. Each of the 4 team members has their own unique role to play: one is a chef, one is a car mechanic, one is a survival expert, and the last is an electronics/computer expert/hacker. The chef can turn basic ingredients into complex meals that are much greater than the sum of their parts, offering more sustenance and possibly a much-needed morale boost to those who eat them. The mechanic, amongst other things, can build upgrades for the church that help to keep the team and its belongings safe from looters, and stave off the freezing temperatures outside. The survivalist will craft you items that will make your solo expeditions into The Void easier and safer, and the hacker will upgrade your robotic companion making it even more useful.On top of this, each team member has their own story line to follow. These are all completely optional, but are recommended to pursue, as completing their missions will unlock further upgrades and crafting options along the character tech trees. These unlocked craftables not only increase your chance of survival, but also improve the quality of life for each of the survivors and even you the player. Yes, the game can become less of a chore for us playing it at home. For example, you start the game with a very limited inventory space for loot. Completing the first story mission for the computer hacker gives you the opportunity to increase its size. This means that you can then carry more, and so have to make fewer trips between a particular loot location and the church to transfer all the goods you feel you need to have to survive.The SurvivalThe survival is pretty standard fare for the genre with a couple of exceptions. Stave off hunger, keep thirst at bay, sleep whenever you're tired, and keep the fire burning. However, there is no base building (just base updgrading), and there's no hacking away at trees and rocks. Food can be found by looting abandoned buildings and by hunting. Drink is found through the scavenging process as well.Being in a post-apocalyptic ""nuclear winter"", hypothermia is also a permanent threat. But in reality, unless you spend a ridiculous amount of time in a very cold area (e.g. -30 centigrade) it's not actually a problem for your character. The cold is principally a problem for your companions back at the church. If you fail to keep the base camp fire burning at all hours, they'll quickly become cold, their morale will drop, and they could end up abandoning your party.In addition to the hunger, thirst, warmth, and morale meters, each character has an overall health gauge. This depletes when attacked by a hostile creature, or when someone is dying from starvation, dehydration, or hypothermia. The health bar replenishes when each of your needs is sufficiently met.The ManagementIn addition to assigning crafting/cooking tasks to your fellow survivors, you also get to assign them a particular role, and have to ration their food and drink supply. They have ration boxes that are separate from the church's main storage area.Each available role can be taken by only one survivor at a time (that's worth noting right now, as I thought this was bugged when I was trying to assign the same role to more than one person), roles can greatly assist in your team's survival (someone assigned to hunt will bring in a very nice stash of raw meat), and each role has a positive and a negative effect. Not only do you have to weigh up the pros and cons when assigning a particular role, but you also have to decide when the best time is to allocate that role. For example, it would be a waste to designate someone as a hunter if you're urgently waiting for them to finish crafting a vital upgrade.The ration boxes are a very important way of ensuring that your team members remain hunger-free, well hydrated, and happy. Plus, you can assign a specific foodstuff to just one person if you know that person happens to love it and will get an important morale boost from consuming it. Keeping a happy team will ensure that it's productive, and will keep depression at bay. A depressed member will lose faith in your leadership and will wander off away from the church and disappear, thereby permanently depriving you of the strengths they brought to the group.Ako LightIn addition to being your portable inventory, your robotic companion acts as a source of light, and can scan and dig for buried caches of loot. You must use good judgement of where and when to scan for such an underground anomaly, as every scan drains the battery, and battery life is limited. Once having found a buried treasure trove, you still need to decide whether it's worth Ako Light using the energy to dig for it there and then, as running out of battery disables Ako's radar, causing you to lose your only immediate means of navigation. You must then find your way back to the church to safety with no asistance. Returning to the church recharges Ako Light immediately.PROS+ Excellent survival game in which you have to scavenge for every last scrap of food, every last drop of water, and any items which could be of any crafting use.+ Very nice crafting progression system, which truly does reward you for keeping a keen eye out for potentially valuable items.+ Excellent visuals that immerse you in the post-apocalyptic world.+ The game provides you with a rather large map to explore with a good variety of looting locations.+ On top of the ""open world"" freedom for exploration, the crafting unlocks and progressions of each of the other 4 survivors allow you to focus on what you feel is most important for your team, and how you want to play the game.+ Good team management aspect that adds a meaningful extra layer of gameplay to what could have been ""just another ordinary survival game.""+ Good soundtrack that adds to the atmosphere.CONS- Impact Winter still has several bugs that persist even after all this time, and after several patches e.g. getting stuck on terrain and having to reload your game from the last checkpoint.- The game involves a lot of hiking back and forth between the church and looting and mission locations. This could be a big turn-off for some people. There is a snowmobile in the game for high-speed travelling, but you have to advance quite a way through the crafting projects for it to become available to build.- A controller is highly recommended, and does work very well. The keyboard and mouse support has improved a lot since launch, but still contains some bugs that could negatively affect your game. You have been warned!- The weather seems to be rather clement too much of the time and so the world itself never truly feels threatening. Not once have I found myself stranded because of a whiteout or at risk of death due to hypothermia.- Only one real level of difficulty. An option to choose how many days you have to survive to complete the game would be very welcome, as 30 days can pass rather quickly.SummaryAn excellent wintery survival game with good team management elements. Any enhusiast of the genre will enjoy it immensely, but do expect to be hiking back and forth a lot, seeing the same places over and over again."
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,468000,31923305,Posted: 23 May,all,Revixy,"Crashed after 18mins of gameplay during a loading screen when exiting a dinner in the open world.Not too promosing not to mention everything is text based in the game, there's no actual voice acting in this game, despite the trailers and videos on steam indicating so.This could be taken as false advertisement, but I'll leave that for you to decide.Other than that, it plays just fine with an Xbox controller, however it does sometimes react as if you're asking it to move in one direction when you're asking it not to, when in fact you're asking it to go the opposite direction with the movement stick.This seems to only occur in the church at the beginning of the game.I skipped all the tutorial basics by prumpting myself through it as fast as possible as I wasn't interested in the developers set story they want to tell by forcing it on me.I like the lore setting of the game, but that's that.If I want to invest time in learning more about it, it should be completely optional which it does become after the tutorial is over.( which took around 5-7mins to complete, give or take. )Want to give this game a try? Do it at your own risk however I'd recommend you wait for a patch before buying this title."
,Not Recommended,468000,34239375,Posted: 14 August,all,GB1989,"I really, really, REALLY wanted to like this game. I wanted to be one of the few who could give it a like, but I just can't bring myself to do it because this game just breaks me... You know a game has failed you when you find yourself yawning while playing it.Impact Winter is a unique little number of a game with interesting survival mechanics and gameplay that revolves around a story that in itself revolves around four other stories that a tied to the four other survivors that fit into the game. While to begin with, I dug into it, I found fun in it, yes. But it quickly dwindled as I learned more and more that the game was quite repetitive, and the challenge was starting to loose it's fun.For those who like to really plan out things to do in a game, such as planning out what things they'll need to take with them outside, where they'll need to go, etc, this game will be fun to you. For those who need variation and everything else, this game will suck all balls for you."
76561198262986626,Not Recommended,468000,31918632,Posted: 23 May,all,Announcer,I don't even think the developers played this game before it was released.
76561198039282501,Not Recommended,468000,31998992,Posted: 27 May,all,Burgermeister Meisterburger,"Simply put, I expected an impressive experience that would hold my interest and have me caring about survival.Simply put, I'm incredibly disappointed. I’ll be VERY thorough about the result of having cautious optimism.Cons:> Rife with grammatical/spelling errors. These are breaking immersion when BASIC INSTRUCTIONS on how to play the game contain things auto-correct finds. Here are a handful I found in just 90 minutes: 'modifers', 'availible', 'finish-up', 'details of you team'. Also, when a single team member is injured by a scavenger, the event screen describes needing to aid ""them"". Not gender police here, just reference to a single person is needed, not multiple people. (Wonder how many Not Helpful's I'll get for that.) Sorry folks, I enjoy being literate, so this poked me the wrong way.> Lightning-fast Exposition. The first five minutes of the game has me waking up in The Church, the base for character interaction. No cut-scene like Jacob’s descending the ladder from in the game trailer. No such event or script for Jacob becoming the leader through conversation or initial discovery of the church. Just wake up, find out what the robot does, know how to read the menus, and off I go to retrieve some tech or a cookbook. Funny, as the lagging loading screens come up, I have a brief chance to view ‘hints’. Such things include back-story which I would have been happy to sit through at the beginning of the game. Sadly, character and environmental depth take a backseat to chucking the player into tedious mechanics of this wasteland wanderer’s doddle across the endless white. How enchanting was facing realism, like not sleeping for 3 days by eating canned beans and drinking water for an hour of gameplay straight.> The g. o. d. d. a. m. n. keyboard + Mouse controls. Perhaps on Steam, most games that don’t use a K+M require virtual reality headsets/joysticks of some kind. But for a PC game, after an initial release without proper K+M controls, and a broken promise for releasing updated K+M support by a given day on a PATCH ROAD MAP, I still have problems. Problems such as: Hovering mouse over menu options is improperly spaced (I have to hover my mouse next to/away from the buttons for them to be counted as highlighted). Opening up menus often auto-highlights particular random menu keys. When cycling through team member conditions/crafting, the next/previous arrows skip ahead two characters per click, rather that one. Not being able to hover my mouse over an item needed for crafting, needing to use my arrow keys instead. Little things like this dampen my playtime and take away from the decent inventory storage dimension/sorting system.“Uh well the game only just came out from a small team, you expect it to be perfect?” No homeboy, I expect a game built properly before it’s released. It’s hard to feel emotions while playing a game that doesn’t even cooperate with you on a fundamental level. I guess I don’t have a fetish for A E S T H E T I C, like the people that enjoyed No Man’s Sky knowing full well it's a single player time-waster.After a shallow introduction to the game’s world and broken controls, there are few pros to this game. SPOILERS, none of them salvage the game for me.Pros:> Character art. The avatars look nice, as do the character models. The outdoors hold a particularly good atmosphere. Having limited sight and little to see at times allows points of interest to arrest my attention easily, reminding me of my options and priorities (whatever those seem to be).> Concept. The core idea for a story/gameplay looks good on paper. This game leaves me reminiscing about Carpenter’s “The Thing”, a favorite of mine - and the mild edge of going into underground environments blind (with no Ako-Light radar) is intriguing. The idea of trekking the unknown without having to embrace it is easy to repeat, but not unpleasant (if it's executed properly).Having a brain, I knew I couldn’t judge the game properly based on a mere 90 minutes of gameplay. Across three days after release, I indulged in hours of captured gameplay on youtube. Watching other people meander was alright, because I knew I would be doing the same thing. Honestly I enjoyed watching people play it over actually playing it, which is a first for me since I loath typical cookie-cutter, “quirky lets-play personality” channels. Any interest I would have felt doing something myself, I found in watching other people play as well. Choices, obstacles and perks for team story completion all felt dull and futile stretching across the landscape (while watching gameplay and actually doing it). While actually playing the game, upgrading the church was easier than expected, and did not feel rewarding. I took my time, and I managed to do a lot with so little, which felt unnatural. (On a side note, anyone that claims a person can’t criticize a game unless they play it themselves, and can’t truly understand it until then, might as well be saying you can’t know anything about breasts until you touch one. That line of thinking results in losers leaving recommends on games like this after realizing they past their two-hour refund limit and start feeling synthetic awe, and base the quality of the game on personal enjoyment as a way to cope with having flushed $25.)Ah, but what about the soundtrack? The man partially responsible for establishing Kung Fury’s tone, and a killer bandcamp discography. Surely that’s good. Yes, it is superb. It’s part of the reason I made the mistake of pre-ordering. I still don’t know when it’ll be available for download/purchase, so good luck getting it anywhere besides youtube or the game files.What else can I say, quarters are falling out of my A. S. S. because I played myself. I felt the pain No Man Sky left me with, just on a smaller scale. Those cruel pre-order blues. I would only recommend this game if you enjoy tedious scavenging missions, on sale. I may very well buy this again if it's drastically changed and fixed. Until then, hello refund."
76561197960490940,Recommended,468000,32161384,Posted: 3 June,all,denyer,"1 day gaming and still like it. Good game with lots of little bugs. Scrolling lists are not updating from mouse wheel as they shound and you have to use keys to select the items. Sometimes item on screen loose the focus and even it's highlighted you can't select it. Usually esc-tab-cancel-retry fix that but not always.Controls suck a lot, WASDE+arrows and mouse... thumbs down.I know it's a game but why the hell you need to worry about water? Asteroid hit the ground and it's snowing all the time no radiation or other crap. You worry about fire all the time because fo the heat and still those morons can't melt the ice/snow in the bucket??? Devs come to Finland this summer and I can show you how to survive in the cold weather!Anyways my recommendation is: BUY it :)"
76561198015292026,Recommended,468000,31916582,Posted: 23 May,all,Cheapdate,"Gorgeous game, very atmospheric.I'm not much for survival games, but this one is different.This is an enjoyable game. Interactions to the world are straight forward and simple. What makes this a deep and complex is how you balance things and prioritize.This is a gem of a game.Right now the reviews are mostly negative because of control issues. Don't let that make you pass this game by. Add to your want list and 'Follow'.I'm using a wireless XBOX One controller and have not experienced any issues.I am sure the devs are working on a patch to fix control issues."
76561198025778461,Recommended,468000,33103819,Posted: 1 July,all,Rent-A-Boom,"I think this is a good game that continues to improve.It's challenging but logical.  The developers are continuing to improve the game.However, it's a lot better to play with a gamepad than keyboard and mouse."
,Not Recommended,468000,32331997,Posted: 10 June,all,The Punisher,"Where to start....Let me preface this review by saying I really do like the concept of the game, but it is very difficult to enjoy when you are just constantly losing progress due to bugs.This is a survival game reminiscent of This War of Mine. So if you enjoyed that type of game play then I think you will enjoy this game too. You are the leader of a group of survivors that have taken shelter in a church after the world has gone to♥♥♥♥♥♥because a meteor strike has dumped enless snow all over the planet.Game Mechanics:This game's survival mechanics are pretty straightforward. You need to keep track of your usual things like health, stamina, food, water, and temperature, for you as well as your group. The game gives you various ways of keeping you and your group alive.WeatherIn this game you will be battling against the cold weather constantly. You will need to keep you and your group's warmth high or you may catch the flu or hypothermia. The weather can change at a moment's notice, and certain locations will be much colder than others, making exploration much more difficult to carry out. I will say that temperature is handled in a counter-intuitive manner. I would think that it would be much colder roaming the void where the high winds would increase the chill factor dramatically, and the shelter of abandoned houses/buildings would be warmer. This may have been a deliberate design decision by the developers to encourage exploration of the void but I think it makes exploration of the void too easy.ExplorationExploration is the key to surviving in this game. You will need to brave the void and find locations to scavange for much needed supplies. Gas stations, diners, hotels, houses, parking lots, and offices are among some of the areas you can find in this game. Each location will have groups of items that are available to that type of location. So if you are looking for food supplies, hitting up a diner or gas station is the most logical choice. There may be dangers lurking within said locations so you will need to decide whether you'll want to carry some kind of weapon to defend yourself with, but doing so comes at the cost of reduced inventory space, which means your supply runs will yield less. I do like this aspect of the exploration very much. Some areas or parts of areas may be inaccessible to you as well. You will encounter areas that require you find a key to proceed. Other areas can be lockpicked, and some areas require you blow your way into. All I can say is lockpicking can kiss as my♥♥♥♥♥ There can be a location I have to get into and I have 6 lockpicks on me, and all will fail to open the door. The game doesn't denote if some locations are just more difficult to lockpick, so it can result in a very frustrating experience after failing a bunch of attempts since you won't know if it was a bad date with RNG or not.CraftingThroughout your survival journey you'll encounter many different items, most of which will be useful in crafting. The game allows you craft all kinds of devices which will help your survival become just a bit easier. Some devices will help your fire last longer, while others will allow you to collect and melt snow into drinkable water. Each member of your group has different specialties allowing them to craft different items, some of which may craft quickly while others may take much longer. Also, ordering your group to craft drains their energy and morale. The only aspect of crafting I do not enjoy is tracking which items you need to gather to complete a recipe. The game does allow the tracking of items but only if they are part of a quest, not if they are just part of recipe you are trying to build. This seems like a giant design misstep as there are too many items to remember and you may find yourself accidentally ignoring a rare item because you forgot it was one of the 5 required components.CombatWhile exploring the world of Impact Winter you may encounter situations where you'll need to defend yourself. The game has various ranged weapons which you may run into, such a rifles, handguns, and bows. I have not seen any melee combat so I don't know if that's available or not. I will say that the combat is incredibly clunky, and something you're better off just avoiding unless you have no other choice. There's no skill involved in aiming your weapons. You'll pick a target and shoot until RNGeesus says it's ok for it to hit.Base ManagementWill finish this later.Character ProgressionWill finish this later.Bugs and issues I've encountered so far:I'm constantly getting stuck in terrain. It wouldn't be so bad except the game doesn't save unless you sleep or enter a building, which means a potential walk across the map could be restarted by a silly terrain screw up. I've also fallen through the map although that's not happened as often. There are also areas which are clearly supposed to be traversable but you'll just have a heck of time trying to get through them. For instance, there's a set of stairs in one of the homes that you would probably just think you couldn't go up, except you can if you're willing to faff about for 2 minutes.Ako-light drop box is really hit or miss. You're supposed to have the ability to store items in this particular container available in your camps, then Ako-light will transfer them to the church while you sleep. Sounds pretty awesome since it could potentially save you a long run home, except I've actually only managed to get this working once. Most of the times the items just disappear and dont' get put in the church inventory. Other times he doesn't even attempt to deliver the items.Accessing containers is also a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The textual messaging that says something like ""A to access TV"" is usually spot on when you are facing the TV, but pressing A doesn't do anything. You'll have to re-adjust multiple times until you're able to access it. I'm not sure what's up with this but it can get quite frustrating after 12 hours of play.The whole mechanic of assigning roles is a joke. Now, it's possible I may not fully understand how roles are supposed to work, so bear with me. If I give someone a particular role, then move to the next NPC to assign a role, the previous NPC  will not have a role assigned anymore. This happens so frequently I've stopped using it. I was basically having to assign roles every time I interacted with these NPC's.I've heard talk about loading times being too long. I put the game on my SSD so I haven't really experienced this as drastically as other people have. That being said, The Witcher 3 still loads faster, which boggles my mind.SummaryI've run out of time for now, but I will come back to the review later and finish it. I'll just summarize my opinion for the moment. The game has lots of bugs that completely hinder your otherwise wonderful experience. I wish I could give it a thumbs up, but I can't unless these bugs are fixed. On a positive note, it does seem like the developer is actively updating the game trying to address some of it's most prevalent issues, so perhaps just give them some time to iron these things out. I think this game will be well worth the 20 dollars once that happens."
76561198089531288,Recommended,468000,32135976,Posted: 2 June,all,Picture~Perfect,"I'm really enjoying this game, I've put in a fair few hours and I'm still having fun scavenging for food/water and the craftable items that I need. I like finding and exploring the varied locations and I like the added pressure of trying to keep the group going. This isn't the type of game that I usally play but I'm so glad that I came across it.I haven't had issues with controls, that said I've been using my xbox one controller, which works perfectly fine, yes the load times are long and at first I couldn't get the game fullscreen (alt+enter fixed that) but for me the enjoyment of the playing the game outways any of the negatives.For those of you interested I am making a lets play series of the game to share my gameplay :)https://youtu.be/8HfNxzStyIY"
,Not Recommended,468000,31910154,Posted: 22 May,all,Jeffosaurus Rex,"Great drinking game. Every time the game takes over a minute to load, take a shot."
,Recommended,468000,31917550,Posted: 23 May,all,David Park,"The only reason I'm putting this up for recommended is that I feel that Mojo Bones can fix the wonky key binding issues and the other things that people are talking about is wrong with the game at the moment. The game to me has the right atmopshere for a post apocalyptic without zombies, along with good artwork, graphics, and gameplay. I haven't encountered any bugs as of yet, however I will say that struggling away from a wolf and being a zero health doesn't kill me. Maybe that is a bug in it's own right? I'm not sure.However, yes. My main complaint as many on here who did a review is key bindings. I don't have a gamepad so obviously it's very hard and confusing at times to play a game that has three ways of accepting something and no way to use the mouse to interact or use things. In my opinion, this game could go with a little bit of key binding from games like Flame in the Flood or something else that's third person like that."
76561198040274266,Recommended,468000,32497373,Posted: 17 June,all,Dr Madnar Petrovich,"This is easily one of the better games I have played in a long time. I finished the game in somewhat 9 hours, maybe 10 and there is still lots to discover and new ways to solve things. When it comes to bugs during my time playing I experienced my caracter geting stuck behind some wreckage once, and that is far better than lots of the AAA games that is spewn out these days. The music in this game is frightingly atmospheric and I just itch to visit new places to experience the music.This is one rock solid testamony to that you do not need to follow the main stream or make AAA games to offer the best entertainment and experience. Rock solid, guys... Rock solid!"
76561198029818396,Recommended,468000,32323264,Posted: 10 June,all,GrenadesAndHamm,"I'm very critical when it comes to games, and all I can say is they must have fixed quite a bit since the negative reviews were written. Overall, I'm very impressed.Edit:  Game breaking wolf attacks.  Nothing you can do at this point.  Play for hours and you die because of an attack that you can't defend.  This is a one life game so that means you start over from scratch.Might change my review to negative."
76561197975033030,Recommended,468000,31912441,Posted: 22 May,all,Kona2na.tv,"This is a good game. This game has a lot of potential as well. I don't normally enjoy survival games, but I do enjoy this one.The mouse / key keyboard not working is very frustrating but I do have a gamepad so it worked fine.Some glitches throughout the game, but nothing really game breaking. I got down to 22 days remaining and still was having fun.The devs are virtually unreachable on Twitter. They need to hire some sort of PR rep to deal with the consumers. Otherwise I doubt the mostly negative reviews will go away."
76561198031088592,Recommended,468000,31974857,Posted: 26 May,all,Elise,"Impact Winteris a good game, I have a lot of fun playing it. The negative reviews are justified - in a way - that the controls were very unintuitive and little support for k/m. I'm playing using a gamepad, and although the controls are sometimes unresponsive it happens so rarely that I don't mind it much. There are a few bugs and long loading times, but the devs have said that they are fixing it, so it should get better soon. For 20 bucks I can recommend this game if you're using a gamepad, I'm having a lot of fun with it."
76561197970943884,Not Recommended,468000,32007035,Posted: 27 May,all,Sir Moonblink,"This game has so many bugs! My path in the snow disapears at random, Forever loading times, people need my medicine I help them out and with in two seconds I get the same request, slow to respond interface, slow to respond buttins, Horid shooting system, horid jiggle your joystick to get free from wolfs, good luck hitting that wolf up close with that rifle, you are dead no matter what, Did I mention the load times? that and a save system that wants to punish you for going back to RL. Going out with the wife....I'll just save...wait oh save at a bed, no worries, I'll just go to sleep, wait, what? I can't cause i'm not sleepy? so the last 30 minutes I'v played is lost. How lame...... and why are the graphics so fuzzy?Very high settings and it looks bad 1920x1080GTX 1070 Strix 8GB DDR5Win 10"
76561197989575408,Recommended,468000,32026131,Posted: 28 May,all,Gackbert,"I bought it (although it has not great reviews)  because it could be such a great game.I cant even start playing it because it will only run in windowed mode, even when fullscreen is selcted its in wiondowed mode....I soldierd on and have to change my review. The game is good, in fact I could not stop playing.The story is really good (the ending is a bit dull but not bad), the NPC's storys and quests are funnyand well implemented.The style of the whole game is actuallly very nice.However the list of Bugs is endless in my one playthrough i had:-3 hardcrashes-8 times I fell trough the floor and had to restart-the bridge southwest became invisible (restart nesecary)-walking on set bridge turned me invisible (restart)-2 main quests could not be completed (I dotn know why)-NPC was asking me to search for stuff in holes next to him, they are all empty-Ako Light cant handle bridgesThe loading times deserve special mentioning. WTF!!!!! Skyrim loads like 10 times faster.All in all this game could be GAME OF THE YEAR on so many lists. Jim liked it, TB would like it I am sure but not in that state.It is a real shame because clearly you didnt playtest this at all, get it fixed THIS GAME DESERVES IT!!!"
,Recommended,468000,31935773,Posted: 24 May,all,RDR,"Fun game, let down by poor K & M controls.Just a short review based upon about 5 hours of playtime. Will update later.The game is an interesting melange of survival, adventure and resource/team management.You lead a small team (4) of post apocalyptic survivors (meteor impact), in an effort to survive 30 days until rescue arrives.The game is fun so far, and I am looking forward to spending more time  with it. It should be noted that I am using a controller to play with, and as such have not run into the control issues that K&M players will have."
,Recommended,468000,31953589,Posted: 25 May,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"Beutiful game, but i dont thnk it supports 4K max is 1080p which is a bit off for me because its so blurry!!!but hell the game is so great with STEAM CONTROLLER support! feels so nice playing on my TV in living room and everyone watching !!luvly!! enjoy it ppl!!"
,Recommended,468000,32076108,Posted: 30 May,all,Edvin,"This game took my whole day.Mostly negative reviews because they didnt come back to play the game after the patch now is everything almost fine, its normal that game has little bugs which you can ignore not big bugscant wait for the next update...(18 days more.. :) )"
,Recommended,468000,31921675,Posted: 23 May,all,Wolfie,"Micromanagement Survival AdventureSaw trailer for this game on steam and decided to give it a go and im quite pleased for it.The game assings your the role of a team leader in crisis situation where your job is to keep your team alive while completing various tasks for them in return of different upgrades that help you in your travels, while you also have to keep everyone fed and warm from the winter.Good:Game looks niceLarge Open MapVarious tasks/quest to keep you busyBad:Keyboard Controls are quite random (And mostly it only displays Xbox buttons on screen)Getting stuck (Got stuck atleast once every hour onto tables,Walls,NPCs)Timer (30 days seems kinda short as it only takes around 10-20 hours)For 20 bucks the game seems reasonable and fun if your into manging a home base while adventuring into cold open world."
,Not Recommended,468000,32078452,Posted: 30 May,all,Lanmada,Sadly with this game there are a lot of bugs with a lot of crashes. Overall just some pretty bad performance issues.Just to make sure it wasn't just a software bug I deleted my game and downloaded a fresh copy but it happened all again. If you're looking to buy this game maybe hold off till there if a patch released.
76561197976234180,Recommended,468000,31921704,Posted: 23 May,all,AvataR,Playing with a controller and really enjoying the game! Yes there are a few bugs that should have been ironed out pre-release but imo if totally playable.
76561198184135783,Not Recommended,468000,34969975,Posted: 15 September,all,[GR8]Crimson4563,"Very poor responses from dev's to questions in the forum. All I want to know is how they managed to release a game that involves shooting, yet offer no way to pick a target. Meaning that the first snowcave with wolves in, I die every time savaged by one wolf while my guy aims at something miles away off screen.... I also noticed that they make sure most people will not discover this until AFTER the 2 hour refund window has passed"
76561197991205401,Not Recommended,468000,32199966,Posted: 5 June,all,cyku [da],"Bugs bugs bugs...I can't even end Maggie's ""The Reinforced rope"" mission, becasue there is no ""Reinforced Steel Thread"" @Nomad shop. Funny that in my 1st ""adventure"" i could buy it but now i can't."
76561197971268334,Recommended,468000,31924846,Posted: 23 May,all,barleyesq,"Love it, so far (using gamepad). Fantastic atmosphere and awesome old school inventory slot system. Excited to explore, not nervous as with some survival games. Looting aplenty. Great work boys!"
76561198080906445,Not Recommended,468000,35223928,Posted: 26 September,all,henri.hubert,"Huge disappointment, so much wasted fun due to the fact that the game is broken beyond playability. Although I really like the premise of the game it just crashes on Day 2 on the world map without any particuliar reason. Played the already patched version, what a shame..."
