user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197989132185,Recommended,468570,25318789,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,pulp-reduced,"I have a sickness that results in me seeing philosophy in everything, naturally, perhaps, since its center is everywhere. But where lies the limit of its sociability? Can you freely associate a few key words into a philosophical diatribe? I imagine some situations warrant it more than others. DeVoid's writer is philosophically inclined, this begs the player to actually focus on the the words of this experience as substantial in their own right, this justifies what I am about to write about (hopefully).Strip a game of its gameplay and you will naturally focus on remains of this divesting. What is left is atmosphere, music, visuals, and always in a game: kinesthetics. But here the focal point is, and should be, on the writing itself, and after having played through the experience and seeing what each elements offers, the most salient element is, undeniably, the writing.My mind immediately went to System Shock (2). John Carpenter-like electronic music, however somewhat less obnoxious than the System Shock 2 soundtrack, creates a certain tone, its sole purpose is ambiance. It does not overwhelm or beg for attention, but is there as a solid substrate for the foggy atmosphere. The visuals in that sense go along with the audio, there is no terribly great beauty to glean from this game, but De-Void never seem to have the ambition of awe-striking the player visually. It is there, it is deserted, it is structural, it serves no real purpose other than leading you through a path towards the next piece of story. It is minimalistic, truly, in that it simply gesticulates. It provides basic signs of guidance. Visually it is functional, although not without touches of brilliance.Those touches of brilliance, among other situations, come from a System Shockean story-device, where the player is jarringly put into a new world – I suppose it could also be likened to Silent Hill with this criteria – where things are wildly different, the mindset is different, the ideology is different. In System Shock we saw the Many, here it is a fittingly Deleuzian unnamed entity that speaks to us. Without saying too much, these moments are the best parts of the game, both for its visuals and for its writing, they are bizarre and philosophical, and serve as an attack on the philosophy of the other part of the game, just as in System Shock.I find that there is somewhat of a discrepancy between story and philosophy here. Motivation is needed for all types of progression, but the player-motivation was not in line with player-experience. By that I mean that the story lead a player into a sense of self-preservation and self-discovery, whereas the philosophy of the game seemed to disregard these human endeavors, because of the fact that it was a human endeavor:“They tried to conquer the madness with science, to study it and disperse it with their reason. Like they had something to prove. When faced with failure, they tried to conquer the madness with administration. Unity, form and standardization. When all else proved futile, they tried to conquer the madness and call it art. Such is the movement of the human mind with its own beyond. In response to the failure of thought and the delicate inconsistency of truth, even the most rational animal begins to dream the contours of magic.”Deleuzian philosophy runs along the same lines of the above-mentioned text, for example: “We are not threatened by error, rather and much worse, we bathe in delirium”. The game, however, skirts the line of logico-empirical rationalism and the chaos of the beyond, until it inexorably falls into chaos, into the chaosmos, into the plane of immanence, or “singularity”. Having either or in this sense becomes frustrating, and its middle-ground, the player, becomes confused about the confusion itself. A game inherently needs a goal for it to work, and in a way this Nietzschean/Deleuzian attack on human endeavors, that can be easily attributed to some of this game's writing, becomes a critique of its own existence. Not to say that isn't incredibly interesting in its own right. It does however both intellectualize and distance itself from the object of desire while at the same time forces the player into that very mindset. That is the folly of the expectation on games as a whole, more so than the writer's capabilities.But let's say its critique directs itself outwardly. What can we gauge from this experience? I think the core of what this game does is incredibly profound. Whether this philosophical undercurrent is intentional or not in its exactness, I do not know, but within its words lies the profundity of great 20th century philosophy. It shows civilization at its brink, the desert of the world, perhaps a Nietzschean desert, and the inability to understand even our own culture or civilization's foundations. “We have been staring too long at the full painting to understand the individual strokes that constitute it” or something along the lines. What this elucidates, it seems to me, is the futility inherent to civilization and its objects of desire. Self-preservation can be taken to any extreme, and it most likely will, but what is the ultimate goal of this? Society has no entelechy, and De-Void portrays it efficaciously and beautifully. It shows the abject terror of this realization, the knowledge of death and non-becoming. Probably in a way that we'll never see again, unless this realization itself and its psychological horror becomes etched into the minds of society. At this point, however, what is left to hold society together? The interplay between humanity and chaos is within this game, with Nietzschean drabness, Deleuzian sharpness, and unfortunately it becomes somewhat of a dialectical relationship of the form both Nietzsche and Deleuze would attack viciously – but is anything but this dialectics so characteristic of humanity possible for a game, or any artistic creation for that matter? I do not think so.For the first time in a while I see the echoes of philosophy, truly, in a game. Games like The Talos Principle tries it with a modern scientific twist and all of its subsequent quandaries, but fails to see the underlying systems of philosophy that deals with for example the mind-body problem. Ian McCamant (the game's writer) made this experience worth it. Even while finishing it in under two hours, it is worth the money. Despite some clumsy execution, despite graphical glitches that were not intentional, despite clunky voice acting at times, what you get is a solid experience with some more than excellent writing and even philosophy. If you are not already in a Nietzschean/Deleuzian mindset, it might not blow your mind (by something other than the fact that these themes were explored in a game, which somewhat blows my mind, but also makes me very happy that I bother trying these smaller interesting titles) but if you are perhaps not philosophically inclined, or have other philosophical preferences, playingh De-Void will be highly evocative, provocative and intellectually interesting.Oh well."
76561197970536499,Not Recommended,468570,25433051,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,JT,"Game? wasn't for me. I didn't think there was enough presented in this title for me to enjoy. I really enjoy adventure games with no combat though. Anyway, here are my takeaways.- Very short: 1 hour for me until I saw the credits roll, and I read/listened to everything I saw.- Not interested at all in the story, and my favorite genre is Sci-Fi.- Screen variations and fading to black and white with foggy areas making it hard to navigate. Not sure what the point was here.I started the game, walked around for a bit, read and listened to some terminals, had 5 or 6 goals to complete, then it ended.Maybe that's what the real issue was for me. I was expecting a game, but this is more like experiencing a story."
76561198341720885,Not Recommended,468570,29811094,Posted: 9 February,all,Jayjay 76227,"I read a number of reviews before I decided to buy the game, mostly because I love the genre.I respect the efforts and talent of the creators, yet the game fails to deliver a stringent experience for me as a player.Though I did not encounter serious bugs or glitches, there were too many small ones that spoiled a fluent gameplay.De-Void did not present too much of a challenge, only some rudely unspecific directions fom the AI left me wandering through the scenery to somewhat stumble upon the next required step.The control of movement is rudimentary - left, right, forward, back. Annoyingly two-dimensional.The subtitles cannot be de-activated, at least I did not find a respective setting despite my best efforts.The transition between chapters is a bit lame, but this is the product of a small indepedent studio, so I do not mean to be pedantic.The fact that you can't save your progress at your own discretion is a most annoying subject of the game.There are positive aspects to De-Void.The voice-overs are quite decent, and even though the gaphics are not stellar, I rather enjoyed the scenery.Some philosophical thoughts are being introduced, and if you take the time and patience to look around more thoroughly you can appreciate some nice details and clues.The story has a lot of potential that unfortunately has not been sufficiently exploited. That is a real pity.All in all I do not begrudge the developers the money I payed, but I can't recommend the game in good conscience.But as always, this is just my personal opinion and not a universal truth."
76561198071609232,Not Recommended,468570,30538955,Posted: 16 March,all,greigy,"Interesting concept, poorly implemented.Also, not so great with newer graphics cards"
,Not Recommended,468570,32175549,Posted: 4 June,all,Hurricane,"To get it out of the way: this game is a walking simulator, and one built on a fairly old technology.  The levels are vast but bland; impressive distant vistas are marred by the near flat, featureless landscape you walk through.  Textures are blocky.  The level design is that of someone with too much time on their hands and no real theme... items are strewn around.  To make it worse, there's no in-game map, so it's very easy to get lost.  There are doors that are not doors, and doors that only become doors when the game is ready to let you through them.That said, De-Void has an interesting story underneath it all.  Unfortunately, I'm not sure it's enough to make up for the lackluster presentation.  If this was a movie or television show, with a lonely protagonist (like The Martian) exploring and figuring out what was going on, I'd watch the hell out of it... but in-game, just getting around takes so long.  The ease of getting lost discourages exploration.  And finally, without spoiling anything, the ending is... unsatisfying.Is it a good story?  I think so.  Is it a good *game*?  Eh... not really."
76561198018453980,Not Recommended,468570,30546971,Posted: 16 March,all,Osiris,"Thumbs down.This is a very short walking simulator with a poor story.I am really curious how some reviewers have played this title for over 10 hours ???It took me 1.5 hours to reach the conclusion of the ""story"". (I explored and tried to open every door I could find.)I have no desire to replay."
,Recommended,468570,25357490,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,GMAN 47,"Graphics need an update, textures are very repetitive.  No ability to jump.  Story and audio are great so far (only played to level 1).  The game's music adds to experience.  No controller support in the menus.  6/10, recommended if you like story-based exploration."
76561197979596754,Recommended,468570,33468558,Posted: 11 July,all,Evil Dan,"Lots & lots of walking (or running if you prefer).  Very short game (2.3 hours from beginning to end for me anyways).  It's a short story made into an adventure game.  No blasting away at things, no fireworks, just a story that you get to be part of."
76561198035599199,Not Recommended,468570,30902742,Posted: 2 April,all,johntohill,"Being a fan of walking simulators I was quite excited going into this.  That started to wane within the first 15 minutes and was completely gone 2 hours later when I reached the end.I did not feel the writing, dialogue or story was enough to entice me.  Couple that with the very boring level design on the first part of the game and it sets you up to not being well-disposed towards the game.  Then in the second section I spent a good half hour wandering round a desert, going up to wrecked machinery and getting an audio-log or voice over.  I don't think I even needed to do that but even still, walking between each hulk took an age, even with the relatively fast run speed of the protagonist.Then in the last section the horrendous level design returns to thwart you entirely and you end up just running round in circles hoping to find the next bit of plot.There are far better walking simulators out there available on steam.  Avoid."
,Recommended,468570,25928779,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,🔑,"De-void is a thought invoker. The passive-interactive experience found in videogames these days is elevated to anactive-provactive dimension. It integrates philosophical themes that other games cheapen. If anything, De-void proves that story-telling is still the very most important thing in video games. Whether that's because good narratives have always outlasted those that wrote them, or because I am a sucker for sci-fi, an immersive vision, and an attention to subtlety and ambience-- You decide."
,Recommended,468570,30546700,Posted: 16 March,all,Claymore,This game honestly needs more people who enjoy walking simulators. This is by far one of the best I have played. There are some graphical issues such as the sand looking wavy as you run and many of the textures looking like a fake plastic. Outside of those the biggest complaint is the lack of knowing where to go. That is part of the game for a reason. It lacks some missing pieces but it is mostly tied up at the end. Games like this are meant to be abstract. Enjoy it for what it is.I give it a 9/10 Overall.
76561198011515841,Not Recommended,468570,25984867,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,LJS67,"I wanted to like this and I do like good walking simulators, but this one made me sick.  Literally.  Don't usually get naseous, but this one you had to run.  It was just way too much empty space between locations to stop and when you did stop it was maybe for 30 seconds.  So you are just running and running while scenes fly by and you go up and down bumps with doors opening in your face,  Too much running for too little reward.The story was interesting, but I couldn't finish it without starting to last chapter over and crossing my fingers the game wouldn't glitch out on me again.  I reached almost the end when I had to go up an elevator.  Push button and start to rise, hear engine and then ... nothing.  I go nowhere and now I can't use elevator any more.  So, I thought maybe it wasn't important and looked at someone's playthrough.  Grrr ... yes it was and so I can't access next active area.That brings me to next bone of contention.  There are only three save slots in this game.  So you either have to leave it running (which is why I have long play time) when life happens or I just needed a break from wanting to throw up, or you have to restart the chapter over again - more running and reading/listening to the same logs and messages over again.  So as I contemplate the last chapter hoping this time the elevator works, ehhh, I think I'll pass.This game was a lovely idea with really poor execution.  Sorry."
,Not Recommended,468570,26680960,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Bodomi,"I almost only have negative things to say about this game.First off, voice acting.I disliked all the voice acting except for 2 characters, the character you play and the AI that gives you 'missions', they are the 2 main characters.There is nothing more to say about that, bad voice acting is bad voice acting. It doesn't feel engaging, it's too obvious someone is just reading a script in a studio, not good at displaying emotion etc...Story was just bad, didn't seem very well thoughout.I will admit though that the first 10 minutes made me feel hyped, the story seemed cool then, but it very quickly dropped off.Very short soundtrack.Too much walking.I am a fan of walking simulators, but you can't make the player walk for several minutes between anything happening if your world is dull, if you got poor graphics and virutally no selection of music.Made the game very boring.A walking simulator has to make up for the fact that there is barely any content, this one didn't.This game could've been much better if it was made more linear. Give us a map and show us the path to the next objective etc...-You can't save your progress, so if you want to take a break you need to get to the next checkpoint for it to save your progress.No option to disable subtitles.This is a very bad walking simulator, the world is ugly and dull. This reminds me of Lifeless Planet, another 'Sci-fi' walking simulator that failed in every aspect that a walking simulator has to succeed in to be a good game.PS: 5 of the 6 hours I've spent in this game are AFK'd hours, as there is no save option so I decided to leave the game open while I left."
,Not Recommended,468570,25575899,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Okamikyodai,"De-Void to me suffers from the simplest of problems. Lack of story developement. Before anyone jumps to the defense of the studio I'd like to point out that I enjoyed the game, I just felt it was devoid of so many smaller points that could have really helped me emerse myself into the genre.Spoilers, please be warned.The environment felt like a mix of 80s Doom2 cover art over boxy 3d objects, and when it came time for something different they just lazily pulled the textures off and let you walk around the world in grey waiting for a voice to pop up. In certain places objects made no sense as touch pads (for show and not utility) were at different levels as if you could touch one but you had to jump for others.Also if people just vanished, would their cloths? Wouldn't there be visual record of people... joining this ... conscisousness?The intents of W1LCO and AM1 for example seemed just limited to an only talked about AI and one that just kinda strung you along and you willingly follow it instead of looking for more info.Why have objects you can pick up and look at if they do nothing. A shuttle with a cargo hold that is basically a bedroom, and a ramp out.. but no way into the cockpit? I could understand automation but surely you're not an animal on a plane, it makes no sense to me.Shadows. Maybe this is the issue with the engine used for the game, and it relates to my issue before in textures, but shadows could have gone a long way to created a more mysterious and creepy vibe as you are the only person... living thing on the station and planet.Cut scenes would have been nice. A grander look at the colony and the station perhaps? Or even just transition from station to planet side. Also, I felt the faithful and the back story were not fleshed out enough. They really meant nothing to me, or even the story.There were also transitions where the character seemed to jump for seemingly no reason from one place to another, and there was no way to understand why later on except to walk around till you found things to click and press. There was no buildup of trust with anything, no really need for me to do anything but walk, click on a few things... and run away from large rolling pollen balls that actually did NOTHING save bring upon louder ominous music.I got the intent, but the reasoning behind it bothered me. The artifact they found wasn't explained, shown, or really even anything other than a mental marker...In the end 8 bucks, an hour or two later, I feel kinda let down. I just felt the story could have been more fleshed out. And while I did enjoy it, I can't recomend this game. I think it's probably my first game that I can say if I had the choice I wouldn't have purchased this as the game stands. If this has been an alpha or other early release game. Yes. I'd buy it. But even if later patches fix things or do any modifications, I just can't find myself thumbs upping this game.My apologies to the creators."
76561197998184866,Recommended,468570,29193584,Posted: 11 January,all,budzmang,"Overall, I enjoyed the experience.  The Story and writing were supurb, and I thought the atmosphere and music fit together well. Although there was a point that I got stuck (as in couldn't move my character in any direction) I deciphered the commands in the console (~) a combination of GHOST to move away from where I was stuck, then WALK to go back to normal.Spoiler AheadThere was a point that I exited the game after wandering the desert and going to get checked out, but before entering the cave area, it said something about the game will lose anything since the last chapter or something, I figured it was after getting checked out, it seemed we slept or something, the screen went black and everything, but the last save was back to the landing on the planet, so I had to do everything all over again including wandering all over the desert again (probably a half hour process) maybe in the future put in a way to speed that process up, like maybe all the cool vehicles we see near where we landed???End of spoilerAs I said at the start, Overall this game is worth a play through, the game is not perfect, but I am still a satisfied customer"
,Not Recommended,468570,34035416,Posted: 5 August,all,FiftyNine,"This was not a satisfying game to play. Let me explain, why.Some people dismiss this genre of games, wittily called ""walking simulators"" as not engaging and generally boring. And, true enough, the common theme for this kind of games is lack of agency or interactivity. But if these components are missing what makes a good ""walking simulator""?Generally the games of this genre rely heavily on observation and exploration, allowing player to experience story and world crafted by the developer via bits and pieces of information, spread across levels, something called ""environmental storytelling"". Walks between these objects and reveals serve as a sort of a mental buffer for a player, a way to process new information and tie it into the mental model of the game universe he's building in his head. Additionally, such walks are best accompanied by expressive environment and music, serving to cement mood and impression the game is going for. And of course the centerpiece of this exposition is the story that is woven into gameplay, the characters, the mysteries.Unfortunately, De-Void does none of it right.Perhaps, the best parts of the game are voice acting and music. That's not to say that they are excepionally good or memorable, it's just that these components of the game were good enough. Other than that the game fails miserably at what it's trying to be. The levels and environment and bland and washed-out, offering little to no entertainment during the soul-draining walks from one point of interest to another, some of which can take several minutes. These points of interest themselves are mostly audio or text logs from other people you never encounter and have absolutely no emotional attachement to. The protagonist is similarly bland and uninspiring, simply a vessel, moved by players hand through empty vastness of scarcely populated levels. The only discernible purpose such long walks serve in this case is to pad the length of the game. On top of that at times your vision will be obscured by weather, making navigation all but impossible. And no map, of course. Where we're going we don't need maps.It all could've been saved by a good story, a decent mystery to solve. But unfortunately, no, instead of such we get pretentious and obtuse pseudo-philosophycal ramblings about the nature of man and abrupt ending, which ties none of what we've seen up until this point together. The parts of story and world feel disjointed and don't fit into a whole.Throw some gameplay bugs on top of that (I've got stuck into tight spaces a couple of times) and you've got a failed attempt at a ""walking simulator"".I urge you to not buy this game."
,Recommended,468570,32888456,Posted: 27 June,all,spires,"I agree with the other reviews that it might be difficult to enjoy this game if you're not fond of walking simulators. The quirks present in this game are pretty frequent in the genre, including slow pacing, vast but not very detailed landscapes and odd graphic bugs.Looking past those though, this game has a pretty interesting story that was surprisingly original for the sci fi genre. While I didn't really understand all the details of it, the grand theme was pretty refreshing."
,Not Recommended,468570,32597642,Posted: 20 June,all,RiasGremoryDxD,I would like to give this game and positive feedback but there are multiple issues with it. 1) laggy graphics and background design. 2) undeveloped plot and/or unclear story about it. 3) unresponsive half of the time to point-and-click interactions
,Not Recommended,468570,25602949,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,木 (Tree),"OKAY, here's a review.  I only write these when games are amazing or suck total♥♥♥♥♥  This one is the latter, unfortunately.Some bullet points if you want to ignore my nonsense.PROS:>Promising story!>Interesting story development through clues around the levels>Solid music>Decent character developmentCONS:>So much excessive, unnecessary walking between stuff.>Unclear idea of directive, where things are, and sometimes even what to do>Much of the story left with loose ends, undeveloped, or ignored>Game ends abruptly>Next to no player choice>Lack of character development for the main two characters>Easy to get caught and stuck on certain objects>No easy saving mechanism>Short:  Can probably be done in less than 25 minutes by someone who knows where to go, and maybe an hour at most if they look at all the little detailsThis game lacks just about everything I like in a game.  As a huge sci-fi fan, this one was a total disappointment.Firstly, I'll share what I liked.  The story was kinda neat, and seemed very promising!  On the one hand, it had me asking questions about it!  That's a great sign that I've been drawn in.  On the other hand, most of those questions went unanswered.  When the game ended, abruptly at that, I felt hugely let down by the fact that there were SO MANY loose ends left untouched, so many questions left, and a very, very unsatisfying resolution.  What did I expect from such a short game?  Even a game like Antichamber, which had no built in story, had me feeling emotional over it at the end.  This one?  My first thought was, ""wait, that's it??""The gameplay was about what you'd expect from someone who just learned to design a game and made their very first one - hurriedly, and excitedly, to show their friends they can do something other than stroking their own genitalia.  ""Walking Simulator"" is a great tag for it.This game would have been far better in a different medium - a visual novel, or even just a short story with pictures.  There were some collision issues that had me having to restart a chapter right before I got to the end, because I was stuck on some object.  Then about 80% of the game was spent with me running around through vast, mostly oversized landscapes with no clue of what in the hell I was supposed to be doing.  It was hard to follow.  Things were named inappropriately for what they were.  There were references to things that might be worth checking out that weren't even in the game (like the oasis).  There were even little rovers sitting around the landscape, even having one of those as driveable would have made that desert wander a lot lot lot more manageable.  Again, ""Walking Simulator"".To the studio, if you're going to do a story based game, make it about the story.  This game was released 18 days ago.  The clunky gameplay made it seem like it was from when I was a lil kid playing Doom without my parents permission back in 1999 or something.  It totally distracted from the story and made it easy to miss details littered sparingly across the map.For 7.99?  Spend your money elsewhere.  Buy yourself a month of Runescape membership, fatso."
76561198070843623,Recommended,468570,25790104,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,freeneedles,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME. 'Dear Esther' deserves props for popularizing the ""walk and think"" genre of indie games, but De-Void deserves props for perfecting it. This game makes you think, and it just gets better and deeper the longer you play it. This thing sticks in your head."
76561198143453256,Recommended,468570,25350006,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Saisi Ratsq,"One of the greatest sf stories of all time just got expanded with the new title from Pulsetense studio.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes deep, immersive stories as important part of gameplay.De-void is ""walking sim"".A good one.Narrative in the game is nothing short of a legendary.Keeps me wondering why aren't the movie studios capable of such deep narrative when creating sf/space movies.I already see myself playing 2nd playthrough of the previous game based on this story(Solarix) as soon as i finish De-void.I bet most of the people that finish de-void will hurl imediatelly to Solarix to continue this story.One more thing:SF/space fans will be absolutely delighted :-)"
76561198058895396,Recommended,468570,25822624,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,O_samli -Conarium Dev-,"In simple, perfect narrative and story telling, this pretty much sums it up! Kudos to the developers on creating such beautiful and unique Sci-Fi experience in the telling of such philosophically indulging and beautifully crafted story-line. If you like System Shock kind of atmosphere and experience, don't think twice!"
76561197978031395,Not Recommended,468570,25462679,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,MC_Frank,"sucked, short no idea what was going on  and the game just kinda ended.."
,Not Recommended,468570,25370618,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Shermen744,"The first thing that came to mind when actually playing the game was: ""oh, great. another walking simulator with massive walls of nonsence text."" Even though the game acts all 'si-fi psycological thriller', it was boring, and I could not stand to play any longer than I did. I think it's cool to have a si-fi setting and throw in some weird 'your brain is messing with you' story, but that shoulden't be the whole game.Talos Principledid this way better and I suggest people intrested in this story type who actually want toPLAYa game should check that out insted. Don't make me backtrack to do nothing but faceplant into a wall of text that dosn't actually contribute to the gameplay."
