user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,469830,34173685,Posted: 11 August,all,Acetone,"HEARTHSTONE 2.0As a veteran of collectible card games I was really positively surprised by Fable Fortune. I find most card games available on Steam, if not all of them, to be dreadfully derivative and boring. They lack creativity for someone who has been playing Magic the Gathering (and other excellent games such as Android Netrunner) for a decade and has already seen the best the genre has to offer. I also wasn't able, despite many attempts, to enjoy Hearthstone, which I will grant is, objectively speaking, incredibly well designed and polished, but has just a couple of quirks that make it a very frustrating experience for me.And on the surface Fable Fortune isn't that much different. Heroes are also classes with class-specific cards. Each has their own 2 mana power. 30 card decks. 2 cards per deck limit. Units can attack anything on the board. No main- or attack-phases. Crafting. Salvaging.You can count all the ways in which it deviates from the Hearthstone formula on one hand, but those changes proved to be crucial and make in my opinion for a much more enjoyable and fair game. In fact those little differences seemed to be aimed at removing the most glaring issues that I, and many others, had with Hearthstone.Let's preface this by saying that as an Early Access game, it has a number of technical issues, disconnects and bugs, and missing important features, however even in this unfinished state I find it madly enjoyable and well worth my time.Now for the list of selling points and why you should give this game a chance.I write this assuming you have some knowledge of how Hearthstone or similar games work.1. Everybody starts with 3 mana.The biggest and probably the most significant change is that each player starts with 3 points of a resource used as mana (here knowns as ""coins""), instead of 1. What it does is nearly completely eliminates the early-game phase and throws players right into the mid-game and puts them that much closer to the late-game. Coupled with the other points below it minimises the hit you take by bad draws, makes the game less reliant on tempo and getting perfect mana curve draws.2. Start with 4/5 cards instead of 3/4.The thing I could never quite understand in Hearthstone as a game with this much combo and tempo potential (or even a tempo requirement at higher ranks) were small starting hands. By all accounts, the game is in the same ballpark mechanically as MtG, Game of Thrones, Android Netrunner, or even WoW TCG which Hearthstone was based on, but instead of 5 or 7 cards, the players are given starting hands of 3 and have to mulligan/reshuffle that. This makes bad draws feel suffocating and not hitting the tempo or opting for a different strategy wasn't really a choice a player could make.Now I understand that deck sizes were slashed by half and the game was intended to have a casual appeal, but if mechanics are basically the same, this design decision always felt like a rookie mistake to me and a painful side effect of Blizzard's love for simplicity.Now in Fable Fortune you start with one more card and coupled with your hero ability, the guard and the quest system, it opens up a variety of options right away. Even as a seasoned player I have to think twice about my opening whereas in Hearthstone most of the time the choices during the first 3-4 turns were rather obvious and choosing to deviate from that could have bad consequences.3. The aggro is non-existent. Tempo is much less relevant.Despite the existence of creatures (""units"") with haste (""rush""), they can never make for a MtG Red Colour or HS Hunter-style aggressive deck and are either very low HP and easy to remove or expensive so delegated to the late game. Thanks to the ability of your hero to grant a guard ability to any unit each turn for 1 mana and the starting mana of 3, the aggro strategy... well... would struggle to take hold at any stage of the match. Even when I aggressively hit my tempo and combo well from the start, my opponent can slow it down and defend efficiently if they play something decent and give it guard.4. Combos are potent but kept within very resonable limits.One worry I had was that an increased starting mana pools and hand sizes would make combos easier to execute than in Hearthstone but somehow they made it actually harder while still making them a viable option to pursue. Combo generating units are usually not ones that would also destroy your opponent's defences so they still have an option to attack them next turn. The combos also require some time for the effects to take place, usually at the end of your turn by which time it's your opponent's opportunity to respond.5. Cooperative events.Now this is pretty fresh. A two players vs AI mode. Every two weeks you are presented with a new AI boss, each with distinct mechanics and their own versions of player cards. Quite thematic. Pretty challenging at higher difficulties. If you beat the boss at Hard with all 6 classes you get two rare cards on top of the card pack and stack of silver you got along the way. Once I get my butt kicked by Hard Mode I go back to tweak the decks specifically for this. Very satisfying. I think this could be, with some improvements, much better than Hearthstone expansions, and is already a great way for people who don't feel like playing vs other people to spend time, earn silver and cards.ENDING THOUGHTSThere are also many minor features I haven't mentioned but definitely add to the experience and make it richer. Heroes can complete quests and turn Good or Evil which changes their powers (and the portraits!). Some cards turn Good or Evil according with your hero's alignment which changes their art and abilities as well. Illustrations have much more space on the cards instead of being forced into a small frame so the whole visual experience is nicer. In general I find the art style to be great and because it is based on an established game series with its own lore, it doesn't feel as generic as almost every other card game on Steam.But this is pretty much it. The developers still have a long way to go to make the game ready for the release day, but I feel like in those couple of days I already got my money worth and have a hard time keeping myself away from the game, despite the issues and missing features.I was looking for a beautiful and polished online card game with familiar mechanics so I can feel at home but different enough to inject some excitement into the formula and tweaks to make it less frustrating than other big games in this space and that is what Fable Fortune already has nailed down without a doubt. A suberb foundation for what can with some technical tuning easily turn into many years of enjoyable content. An adventure, even."
,Recommended,469830,33776896,Posted: 24 July,all,MickeyDankMouse,I have been a HUGE Fable fan ever since I played the first Fable game on Xbox..I have played every Fable game since then including alpha testing and beta testing Fable Fortune. I have to say Fable Fortune is a HUGE success as a trading card game! The music is amazing! The gameplay is amazing! The artwork on the cards...Amazing! There is nothing that I can say that is negative about this game because it is everything and more than what I expected. I have purchased every song that Lionhead Studios released on iTunes and Microsoft Groove for the Fable series and I will be VERY happy to purchase the songs for Fable Fortune as well. Overall I give this game a HUGE thumbs up and I plan to put hundreads of hours into the game as it progresses! Welcome back to Albion everyone!
76561197997835139,Recommended,469830,33798426,Posted: 25 July,all,Brynnvincible,"I love this game, it has fast become my favourite CCG there is, and it's still early days.  I can't wait to see all the new planned features come to light and see this game fully realised.   Here are my top 3 reasons that make Fable Fortune great:- The artwork and voices on the cards is so very 'Fable'. The cosmetics are really wonderful and the game looks great.- I'm always changing decks for new arenas. This is great because each new arena, whether it be for coop or pvp, gets me thinking about cards differently. What is strong in one arena is weak in another and as they add more arenas and quest rewards different cards will see play in different ways and this keeps things interesting.- Even though I've stared at this card set for ages, I keep finding new an interesting synergies. There is so much depth to the design that even after many weeks of playing I'm still surprised sometimes by new interactions that I uncover. Deck building is such an important part of any CCG and I've spent hours in Fortunes deck builder looking over the cards and working out cool interactions.The game is definitely still in early development, so don't expect a full and complete game. If that's what you want, hang on and wait until later in the year when it gets released in full and will be free to play.  But if you want to jump in now and help the devs out, then I highly recommend getting the early access bundle.  You get a bunch of packs at a cheaper price, a unique artwork trophy card and a guaranteed fable card.  It's a great deal if you want to get in early, but as I said, if you aren't down with dealing with bugs or waiting for features that are still in the process of being developed, then better to hang on and grab the game later when it's done."
,Recommended,469830,33782115,Posted: 25 July,all,snefruhs,"On the surface it might look like any other CCG out there, but it has so much more to offer than any other Card Game I have played.The in-game mechanics and very limited RNG elements gives Fable Fortune a tactical and strategical depth that other card games lack. This is also reflected in the deckkbuilding process. Good game sense and creative deckbuilding has a much bigger impact on the outcome of games than having high rarity cards and big RNG swings.While having a familiar and accessible combat system Fable Fortune provides a fun and very unique gameplay experience.Changing Arenas each season keeps the game from going stale. Each Arena brings a completely different meta and promotes very different playstyles. A deck that is prominent in one Arena will usually struggle a lot in another. You need to adjust your decks and strategies to the different Arenas to be successful.The COOP mode brings a fund and interesting PVE aspect to the game which will hopefully be expanded upon in the future.Keep in mind this is still very much in the testing stages of the development. The UI and animations is still lacking in a lot of aspects and you might experience game crashes from time to time. Some core features is still missing from th UI. Especially in-game.The dev team does a great job and actually interacts and listens to the community.Far and away the best CCG I have played and I highly recommend it, but keep in mind that this game is still very mucg in development and far from a finished product right now."
76561197985363701,Recommended,469830,33796110,Posted: 25 July,all,Tiberian Lock,"I have been a fan of Hearthstone since it was released. This game is that plus its own unique game mechanics which pushes this further than its competition.Fable Fortune is currently still in the works, however it is already on the same level as Hearthstone.The addition of the character building is a great mechanic as it enables your hero to get different perks that will benefit you at the current situation. Each hero class has its own strengths in certain areas and are played different from each other, you can create hybrid builds however which further adds to the depth of the game.During the PVP or COOP quests you are given quest which will change your morality, changing your hero power and altering certain cards in your deck making each match unique with a different playstyle so the game doesn't become tedious and boring.The current only negatives I could say is to do with the sound. I presume it is due to the game still in early development however I feel like there are certain sounds missing such as when you are in the menus and click on a button you do not hear any feed back for clicking. It is not game breaking but I felt that this made the game feel a little empty sounding and made me feel blue balled for clicking.The pay part of the game is not at all Pay to Win formula. Just like in Hearthstone or a real physical game you use real money to get more packs of cards. This is not cheating though as in the card park it is random and you may purchase thousands of packs and only get basic cards or you can spend in game currency (which you get for taking part in matches) and only purchase one pack at a time and get nothing but Rares and Lengendaries.Apart from that the game is a great addition to the Fable franchise and a brilliant first attempt from Flaming Fowl."
76561198015559584,Recommended,469830,33832947,Posted: 27 July,all,Corando,"Any fable and/or ccg fans should atleast check this game outThis game is already in early access higher quality and more immersive than what youd might expect of a card game.The visuals are great and takes a step beyond what most other card games does. It dosent simply put a card or an icon pn the board, but makes it look like what you play is really thereThe music...oh god the music couldnt be better. Fable is my favourite game and the music alone gives me a huge nostalgia rush. Both the menu and the matches themselves have great music and itd be a shame to mute it.The game also adds alot of mechanics i havent seen in card games (havent played them all) without making the game unbalanced.Besides pvp the game also offers co-op where you and another player fights and AI boss, where you earn both bigger amounts of in-game currency, card packs and high rarity cardsStill being in early access the game lacks some parts. You cant invite friends, there is no tutorial and salvaging is abit slow. However the devs are constantly in contact with the fans on forums and have released a developement planhttp://www.fable-fortune.com/dev-roadmap/to see what you can expectWhile it might not convert those with no interest in such games, its already a good game that has potential to get much better"
76561198080500574,Recommended,469830,33847946,Posted: 27 July,all,TheHeroOfTime98,"I'm gonna be completely honest, I was drooling when this game was announced..First point, some of these negative reviews are half right, and the developers have already stated that most of the points made are being worked on, some of them not even taking into account that this is early release.If you want to compare it to Hearthstone:~You get more of the in game currency more quickly, since 3 wins(Hearthstone), not counting losses, scores you a miserable 10 gold, a tenth of what's neccessary for a pack. In Fable fortune, you are granted ""gold"" every game(counting losses), on average ranging from 35-45 I believe? Daily silver is awarded as such in hearthstone, yet the developers are currently reworking it into some sort of quests.~Its ranked mode is a lot more forgiving than hearthstone, with an increase in rank even with a loss(Something I hope they rework in the future, seems a little too easy). Attaining a new rank also grants you packs and coins!!~Don't give me that Hu-Ha that this is a greedy p2w model. The Devs need some sort of compensation to keep this game running, so supporting them for like 15 bucks for some packs is more than enough to get you started, and show appreciation.Similarities/differences:~The resource in this game is gold, rly similar to mana, yet you start out with 3.~The most interesting thing that is unique to fable fortune is that during every game, you go on ""quests"". So I assume that every season has 3 differents quests for you to choose from at the start of every game. You need to build decks around whichever quest you choose in order to succeed in further developing your hero power, and be granted rewards that give you a slight edge on your opponent.~Fable introduces the concept of countering your opposition by choosing to become Evil, or Good, enhancing your hero power depending on which path you choose, and effecting minions with ""Morality"".~Co-Op missions allow you to play with other players to attain free cards and currency. They have a really neat system that allows for all players with outstanding decks or a small stache of cards to gain free stuff.Game is rly cool, lacks content of course, but if some sort of story mode through the lore of Albion would be released, I would hope it'll be enough for players to shut their yappers(And empty my wallet)."
,Recommended,469830,33825826,Posted: 27 July,all,Nagefa,"Very fun so far, ~8 hrs. My card background is rank 10 Hearthstone (with meh decks and I mostly play arena), Duelyst, Hex, Scrolls, Card Hunter, probably some others card games too. I'll be updating this as I play more.Pros:+ I like how I can taunt a creature for one turn, every turn for 1 mana+ Every season or so there's new ingame quests that will change how decks will be built (probably way less stagnant meta than Hearthstone which only changes when expansions comes out)+ Big board clears damage both sides of the board (shakes fist at flamestrike)+ Get decent Silver for card packs even with losses (don't forfeit)+ Most Classes start or with some levels board clears (shakes fist at dragonfire potion)+ It feels like a better game designed Hearthstone+ Visuals, sounds, and animation are great to me+ Start games with 3 manaMinor Cons (most of them are being worked on, it is an Early Access)- small player base- occasional disconnects- slightly sluggish menu screen- arena mode not implemented yet- 1080p is the max resolution at the momentOverall, really recommend. I watched a recent gameplay video before purchasing."
,Recommended,469830,33985019,Posted: 2 August,all,hatsunator,It's quite the fun cardgame that manages to make every battle feel unique with the hero morality progression system's mid-game choices and rewarding enough with the added bonus of playing co-op with your friends.
76561198208876440,Recommended,469830,34053041,Posted: 5 August,all,KiwiAl,"Hard not to compare Fable Fortune to Hearthstone. The heroes, card text and flow of game are pretty much the same.If you like Hearthstone it is well worth giving Fable Fortune a go. There is no tutorial but if you have played HS before it's easy to jump straight in. It is in early access so its lacks the presentation quality, slickness and characters that makes HS a joy to play. It does however have a much more generous reward scheme and feels less pay to win than Hearthstone.Fable Fortune doesn't stand a chance of toppling Hearthstone but it will be interesting to see what direction the Devs take with the game. The Founders Pack for Early Access players is well worth the money."
76561198014745643,Recommended,469830,34004461,Posted: 3 August,all,chris,"Nice looking game this, I'm not normally big on card-type games but this one is so pretty to look at that it makes me feel quite differently about them. It kinda feels like you wish an *actual* card game might feel :)Will be interesting to see how it develops, could do with a bit of a tutorial."
76561197995186913,Recommended,469830,33999953,Posted: 3 August,all,Lunar Omen,"Somehow this game had slipped under my radar until I stumbled across its Steam page. I gave it a shot because I like Hearthstone and other CCG type games, and I love Fable, so something combining the two has to be good, right?Yes. Yes it does.In all honesty, I was always a fairly casual Hearthstone/CCG player, but even in early access, having just a few hours playing this, I'm not sure I can ever go back. Fable Fortune sticks close enough to the traditional CCG framework to keep a stable base game design, while bringing in enough changes to keep the game feeling fresh. Starting matches at three coins (this game's version of energy that you use to play cards) to get things moving faster, the ability to put any unit into guard, and the questing/morality mechanic all serve to set this game apart. The co-op mode, too is quite fun, and brings a lot of potential for fun matches, especially once matching with friends is eventually implemented.On top of all that, the game looks gorgeous, with beautifully designed hero portraits and card art. Arenas are likewise very pretty, although players used to Hearthstone might miss the interactive board elements that you can poke and prod while your opponent takes their turn. Mostly I've found that so far, matches move fast enough that it's not too much of a problem though.Currently, this game IS in early access, which means that there are still features being implemented, contents to add, and bugs to squash, and of course there's balancing to do (which seems like an eternal process in any CCG to be fair), but the game already feels very solid, and I believe as time goes on this will turn into a truly great game."
,Recommended,469830,33968176,Posted: 2 August,all,Silentnight,"Probably one of the most amazing games I have played, not only is a card based game but It is also based off the Fable universe,If you like Fable and you like card games, get this game!!!"
,Recommended,469830,34348943,Posted: 19 August,all,Lt_Magiclegs,"I've been a fan of Fable since TLC. So playing this game brings huge amounts of joy when I understand all the little nods and also just because it's a solid, well done CCG.There's already a good amount of customisation with deck building and the heroes/factions play on that well.The animation and art style is beautiful. If you love CCGs or Fable you'll love this game. If you love both, it's a must get."
76561197980750387,Recommended,469830,33806221,Posted: 26 July,all,Winterson,"Pros:+ CO-OP - i was looking forward to get my hands on! PvP isn´t for me, but adventuring with somebody...+ FABLE feel and nostalgia+ lots and lots of cards+ no chat (adds immersion into game and no vulgarities and toxicity)+ memorable characters+ good and evil mechanics+ short waiting queues for CO-OPCons- STEAM shows only 145 players max- couldn´t access PvP (no match found)"
,Recommended,469830,33818769,Posted: 26 July,all,nutter666,"Recieved a closed beta key a while ago and i've been around long enough to see the game start to take shape. It's not all the way there yet, there are still errors and the balance can be a little wonky sometimes but even with those issues it's already a whole lot of fun, and the co-op mode offers something that I personally haven't seen in any other DCCGs.The devs are great, they listen to feedback and get involved with the community and they do it all with the same sense of humour that is injected into the game itself in large fable size doses.So yeah I'd definitely recommend it, but to any potential buyers i'd say just make sure you know what you're buying into. The game will be free eventually so unless you're ready to jump in right now, and are willing to put up with a few bugs and balance issues and genuinely want to help the game move forward, you might be better waiting until it releases and you can get it for free."
76561198074650372,Recommended,469830,33800942,Posted: 25 July,all,[BBSH] shmoulki,"very cool card game, clean and beautifullacks a tutorial"
76561198065172037,Recommended,469830,33956159,Posted: 1 August,all,Link,Brings me back
76561198055455866,Recommended,469830,33865321,Posted: 28 July,all,JulianSenpai,"I'm missing much Fabel I characters but the game is so amazing. Intresting new concepts and its about fable. Every card is so well drawn, its amazing. The co-op campain would be cool with friends but how we all know that will come in the future.(and a battle-tracker, hopefully soon)"
,Recommended,469830,33950684,Posted: 1 August,all,DadouXIII,"In a world filled with online TCG these days, this one is a surprising breath of fresh air!"
76561198399409598,Recommended,469830,34092263,Posted: 7 August,all,Clint Beastwood,"I like Fable Fortune at the moment. Even though it's in Early Access, it still feels complete and fluid, and bugs are a very minimal issue. This game also pays tribute to the Fable series and its fans (I only enjoyed TLC though). But my main problem with Fable Fortune is that there are some cards that are TOO powerful and unbalanced. The first card that comes to mind is Paragon of Virtue. I had the upper hand over another player for the majority of the game until he decided to pull out his Paragon and beat me in three turns. Who in the development team thought it would be a good idea for the Paragon to buff up friendly units +2/+2 AND nerf all enemy units -2/-2? Unless you have something like an Oozling, I don't know how you can beat someone with a card like that. Hopefully cards become much more balanced as development progresses. Overall, I believe Fable Fortune to be a worthy competitor to Hearthstone; Flaming Fowl only needs to focus on spreading the word about this game and fixing current issues."
,Recommended,469830,33791218,Posted: 25 July,all,drew_west,This game has one HUGE advantages over all its other competition (with the exception of Magic) its co-op content is awesome. This has definately sparked my interest and I am eager to see this one flourish. Try it out
76561197960863289,Recommended,469830,33797429,Posted: 25 July,all,Elegit,"Long time fan of the Fable Franchise, played fable 1, 2, and 3 obsessively on the xbox and xbox 360. I was heartbroken when lionheart studios got shut down, mostly because I was worried there wouldnt be any more games set in the fable universe. Thank god I was wrong, I've been following Flaming Fowl studios (Essentially a team of Lionheart Studio Refugees), for quite a bit, and so far they have NOT disappointed, this is by far the most balanced and interesting card game out there, it feels like MTG and hearthstone mixed, which is to say its not just a trashy RNG fest, I had to really think through all of my matches. This all being said, I truly hope this game is a hit and that flaming fowl studios continues to produce, maybe one day we'll see a Fable 4."
,Recommended,469830,33925964,Posted: 31 July,all,Ecumene,"Not bad, one of the best card games I've played on steam. The fact it's fable makes it betterOne aspect of this I really like is the unique ability system each hero has. spend 2 gold for a special (summon peasants or potions for example) or all heros can pay 1 gold and add block to a card.Also devs I hope this succedes so we can get Fable 2 and 3 here on steam...Maybe a 2 remastered?"
,Recommended,469830,33849230,Posted: 27 July,all,SkorpiusS,"I like concept of this game.I think its have potential.Current BAD things:- SLOW animations, interface, packs opening (it need to be more responsive and when i do something - i need to see results as soon as possible and my moves need to create sequense that will be played if animation slow);- No log of the game events - in game (often you need to see what happen during turn or two);- No auto deck creation (if you try to finish deck building with 30 card, suggest to auto fill the deck);If you fix it - it can be the game that i invest a lot of time and money.Stability issues i dont think is critical at current stage."
76561198388324965,Recommended,469830,33939914,Posted: 31 July,all,SaintHubertOméga3,"A very good surprise and a very pleasant game. Ideas and mechanics aren't very original at some points but it have his very own forces and that's all you ask. Plus, i loved all the references to the original game and i discovered again charcaters that i forgot about. You really feel the special atmosphere of Fable games. Good job guys !"
,Recommended,469830,33947943,Posted: 1 August,all,Carcosa,"Fable Fortune is a Collectible Card Game with a lot of potential. It is fairly easy to learn but hard to master, and lends some mechanics from Hearthstone. Despite having familiar features Fable Fortune did not feel like a Hearthstone clone. It did its own thing while picking up best of both worlds.Co-op mode is feature i was dying to see in DCCG's. I just loved it in the World ofWarcraft TCG Raids back in the day and i am kind off surprised no one jumped in on this way earlier. This alone made me excited to try out Fable Fortune. On top of that the art work is just amazing, it is the thing that made me love the Fable series the most.Now do not forget that this game is in early access and the 13 euros you are paying for the game right now (Founders pack) gives you 20 packs and two alternate card packs. which is alot for your buck. The game does still have its flaws though. The menu is lifeless and Card collection screens are really confusing without knowing where to go. Also this version lacks a tutorial which is no problem for CCG players, but will pose a problem for new players to this type of games."
,Recommended,469830,34921967,Posted: 13 September,all,Freek Vonk,"Great game, easily beats Hearthstone imo. Low RNG makes the game feel more serious. The 0.5 patch makes the game promising. Instead of nerfing cards and making them useless, less powerful cars get tuned up. Also the mass disenchant is a real improvement.Still it's clearly an early access game, but they'll get there eventually. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,469830,33902882,Posted: 30 July,all,Gvauz,"the game is fun and stuff, but it needs more polish. duplicate cards system should be better, more modes to play would be nice, more gameplay options would be better, more mortality class based cards, profile stats, ingame chat while on co-op would be nice too. I guess more trophies and items are coming later too. I hope devs improve this game soon."
,Recommended,469830,33806572,Posted: 26 July,all,Seanimus Prime,"If you like Hearthstone and the Fable series then there's no reason that you won't like this game. Artwork is good, sound effects are good. Cad selection is good and the game is decently challenging. All in all, a solid purchase."
,Recommended,469830,33798773,Posted: 25 July,all,AForSparta,"Right, so. Fable Fortunes is an interesting game for what it represents as a whole, that is not to say that it is by any means a bad or unenjoyable game; because it isn't. While it may on the surface seem to be a Hearthstone reskin, that doesn't make it bad. In fact, it has several original features that i rather liked, for example the morality system. This is a solid game, similar to Hearthstone but with its own quirks and original content. However, it is not lost on me that the core of this game is a clone of the basic mechanics of other similar CCGs. But. The important thing about Fable Fortunes, is that it is a Fable game, it bleeds Fable, in fact it practically throws Fable in your face every time you lay a card. The comedic one liners when you play a card, the descriptions of the playable characters, the very nature of the cards themselves and how a lot of them seem simply to tie into jokes about the characters (for example the pig farmer turned Knight class' units seem to consist largely of pigs and angry peasants) it all just screams that the world of Fable is still alive, burried deep inside a simply yet enjoyable card game. The world is in there, the dry wit, ambigious sarcasm, and sheer, beautiful silliness of Fable is as raw in this as it ever has been. I know a lot of fans of the series are sad and in some cases angry that they got a card game and not a full fledged RPG, but with so little funding, so small a team, and so much disregard from Microsoft executives, i'm just glad that we have something with the name Fable fresh and new, and while this game is a bit basic and brings little of anything 'new' to the table, if it is even the smallest step in the direction of reviving the Fable franchise, then i'll be happy to throw my money at it until i have none left or my arms drop off."
,Recommended,469830,33831219,Posted: 27 July,all,MeHumble,Interesting twist on digital card game.
,Recommended,469830,33816735,Posted: 26 July,all,CaptainBarnaby198,"I haven't played a whole lot yet but from what I have played I've come up with a little pros/cons list. Ultimately I would recommend the game if you enjoy TCG type of games but wanted something a little more in depth than Hearthstone but a little easier than Magic the Gathering. Also I never did try PVP, I wanted to focus more on the co-op aspect of the game.Pros:-The game feels like something fresh. It may not be paving the way for a brand new genre, but being able to put guard on one of your creatures each turn is actually pretty neat. I can put guard on a 1/1 so I can protect my higher damaging cards like a 2/2 or a 3/5 or something from being attacked by the enemies creature. Or I can put it on my higher damaging card to ensure that if my opponant wants to attack me with all of their 1/1s they will all die at the cost of my 3/3 creature.-Two player Co-op is in the game. I'm a HUGE fan of being able to play card games cooperatively, especially in games where you can buy extra cards/packs so if you go into PVP you're almost guaranteed to find a lot of the same deck types with the same ultra-powerful cards.-Nostalgia is pretty prominant in this game if you played the Fable series. The Balverine howl is one I was tickled to hear.Neutral:-The card animations aren't amazing, but they aren't terrible. This is something that is currently being worked on.-Voice Overs are basically the same. Not amazing, not bad.Cons:-playing Co-op with a stranger can be difficult. Not only to find a match, but because there isn't a lot of ways to communicate (That I found). You can right click to put a ""!"" mark over cards to sort of point someone in the direction of what you are thinking. But the game lacks any sort of ""Sorry, Good job, Attack creatures, Attack heroes,"" type of chat. I think it would work well if similar to hearthstone I could press a button to have my hero say ""My bad"" or something.-The game does have quite a few loading times.-The game lacks any kind of in depth tutorial or even reference guide to what card abilities do.  It took me forever to understand what ""morality"" meant. Again it could be there somewhere, but I didn't find it.Ultimately I would recommend trying out this game. If you'ree a die-hard TCG fan see what you think of it now. Otherwise maybe wait for it to come out of early access."
,Recommended,469830,33806746,Posted: 26 July,all,SamFam96,"Let me begin in saying that i love fable. All of it...... and not just the games.- The Books, Blood of heros, Edge of the world Etc....- The Lore - Old kingdom etc- The community- Everything to else to do with fable- The cancelled Fable legends. RIP in ever seeing strange looking demon doors :'(But dont let my love for the games bias my review here. I feel that im in a very rare postion, that because i love and have a passion for the franchise so much i can be honest. Which i will now start with the review by saying....,I LOVE IT.....Cliche is know.....Well that's it......Go play it, it's FREE.....in the future.Still here are we......i'll give u a cookie if u try it, honestly its diffrent to anyother CCG i have played. Best £7 i have ever spent on a Early Access game."
,Recommended,469830,34968112,Posted: 15 September,all,zhaf82,Good card game as one of Hearthstone best alternative but I have uninstall it for now because the base player is too small for now & need waiting forever to play online especially co-op. I had waste more time waiting than playing hope the player base will be increase when it launch. Recommended but I can say wait until it had proper launch & enough players base.
,Recommended,469830,33798425,Posted: 25 July,all,Horizon Purple 50 Pack,absolute belter
76561198032417905,Recommended,469830,33781264,Posted: 25 July,all,Not Violent,"Love Fable? Love Hearthsone, Magic, Ect?Then this is the game you're looking for."
76561198014437804,Recommended,469830,33836174,Posted: 27 July,all,Gloddox,"After playing for 2+ hours i can say this game has alot going for it, eventhough its a little late to the card game jonra.also check your Firewall & antivirus to allow the game to openpros: 1. the game has wonderfull card art.2. the music takes you back to memorys of fable3. you get new cards more and more you playCons: 1. the load time inbetween actions and after matches is long (needs to be shortend to smooth out the game.2. There is NO tutorial at all. you got to learn as you go3. there is no friend invites for 1v1 or 2 v boss.4. there is no Chat box in or out of the battles.other than that its a vary fun game full of laughs"
76561197987232372,Recommended,469830,34418482,Posted: 22 August,all,Tranquility,"Okay so my last review might have been too negative so i'll try again with this one:I feel that the game has a lot of potential, eventhough it's a class based deckbuilding system it still seems rather fun to find new ways to actually build your decks, the guys at fowl has done a fine job at making a dccg, and my last review was too biased.I think i'll have to give this game another try for a little while longer before giving a proper review.I do like a lot of the cards, but would love to see more tribal synergies and perhaps an arena play-mode (which im sure they'll add at some point). So eventhough it feels a lot like a HS clone i think my earlier review didn't do the game enough justice, so i'll change my recommendating to a yes for now."
76561198318963053,Recommended,469830,34892120,Posted: 11 September,all,SebastianEC9,seems fun
,Not Recommended,469830,35006655,Posted: 16 September,all,Primesparks,"I know that quite a bit of people are saying how good this game and treating it like a goddess but its very different.I've played about 2 games and i TRY to get into it but to no avail. It hurts to play a match because of the game speed, its just too fast and its extremely unwelcoming to new players such as me. I've played Hearthstone for many hours and it has a nice vary of Color, Atmosphere and a nice system. But unless you go to competitive magic competitions regularly then the game is very confusing and doesn't grant a tutorial. I know its in early access but in all honesty i really dislike this games current state. It hurts me to try and play a game when someone has a 12/12 card played and i dont know what a hollow man does, and for the first time in my life it hurts to be part of the Fable Community just because of how unworthy and useless i feel in this game. For new players it must feel like your only taking up space and you playing this game is loathing for everyone else. I hate when i just try and have a friendly casual match but when you have a limit of 10 seconds to choose a morality, quest and play ALL your playable cards and add all of that math up it can really mess with your brain especially on a time limit. Currently i WILL try and get into this game but for now any other card game i've ever played definitely succeeds this game."
,Recommended,469830,34424483,Posted: 22 August,all,Wiggles,Loving the game!
76561198338523695,Not Recommended,469830,33899760,Posted: 30 July,all,nbaliveforever,I was waiting for this since a very long time.It has everything a CCG must haveBut whats the point if it crashes at the time of the perfect climax in the GameDissapointed :(
76561198003267822,Not Recommended,469830,33900930,Posted: 30 July,all,Tuomari,"I really disliked it. There wasent much information online or any good YouTube videos so i decided to try this blind. After just an hour i noticed this game sucks. Key words are horrid, there is no information what anything does cards are bad and so many other terrible things i found in just 1 hour i could play before quitting for good."
