user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,469920,25659922,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Lafleur,"If you likes games likeUplinkandHacknetthen you should definitely try this game.It begins with a 3-4 hour single player tutorial which is really well done and teaches you the ropes in a clear way - while still being entertaining - before throwing you into an imposing, and initially impenetrable, multiplayer version.Without guidance this monster of a game would be impossible to comprehend, especially for someone like me whose only experience with hacking is watching WarGames with Mathew Broderick when I was a kid. Fortunately, ｈａｃｋｍｕｄ has an amazing community.Like... seriously.One of the most 'famous' (i.e 'rich and clever') players just gave an hour long lesson for newcomers like me on how to start writing code. He does this several times a week. There are scripts available for free that will provide you with 'locs' (I think I got that right) to break into if you can’t figure out how to do it yet yourself. If you have a question you can just type it into chat and you will get a response within seconds... although it's always more likely to be a hint than a full solution because the community 'get it' and don't want to spoil the joy of discovery for you.It’s important to note that I experienced all of this in the first two days after launch when the servers were pretty much on fire. However, while it is certainly frustrating to play with high amounts of lag (those negative reviews aren’t making that stuff up) it was actually kinda cool to see the (sole) developer in chat asking the same people that I was asking “what colours do c003 locks use?” to help him test out a new build of the game to fix it all.I loved Uplink and Hacknet, but they were short, single player experiences. This is a game for people that are in it for the long haul. It will never have masses of players, but it already has a strong and dedicated fan base, and It is genuinely exciting to think about what this game will look like a year from now.So, yeah… it’s good! Play it… maybe…. I’ll be playing it! You might not like it… but you might love it! (I can’t tell because we haven’t met.)P.S. I downloaded Notepad++ to make a script that says “Hi, friend!” which I feel is proof that this game can teach you how to program irl.P.P.S. I know that this review has gone on too long, but I’m not sure how to end it.kernel.hardline{dc:true}"
76561197999797567,Recommended,469920,25678690,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,TheOctagon,"Like Hacknet, only much more abstract, much more difficult, much more buggy. The game requires you to think outside of its own meta, and the tutorial only holds your hand insofar as to prepare you for the madness that is the multiplayer portion of the game. While there are server issues abound, such is the way of the multiplayer. Shoutout to the lone dev who had the drive to make this game. Mad props :-)"
,Recommended,469920,32205860,Posted: 5 June,all,Kanavoy,"I mean I'm not saying the MUD's full of Illuminati agents or anything, but...No, I guess that's exactly what I'm saying. It's a hacking sandbox, and I don't just mean programming (though sure, it helps). Social engineers and spies are more than welcome. There are casinos. A news network. Bounty hunters and mercenary hackers. Wars going on in the shadows, bank heists where billions or even trillions go missing. Data gathering efforts that beggar belief. Market manipulation. Botnet administrators defending their allies and attacking their enemies.And then behind all of that, a genuinely friendly userbase who are around at all hours - because sleep is for the weak - to help you learn the game, how to program, or even just chat while you get on with it. There's also pictures of cute doggos, but you'll have to work real hard to find them."
76561198344122042,Not Recommended,469920,28151743,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,gogohackmud,"I was banned for ""Making more work for the developer.""What I did was not in violation of the rules, I was not warned.Keep in mind this is a hacking sandbox!I had came up with a clever way to attack players by checking active users and sending the active users random GC to mess up their scripts calculations with T2 locks.Rather than just randomly attacking people we planned and orchestrated a 2 week player created event in the game. Complete with puzzle and hints, the reward would be control of this new weapon, given to the first person that could solve it.There was a long build up, with warnings that some horrible event was looming, we told a story of some mysterious monolith moving over the planet, the ""token"" in a planetary token-ring system to cleanse the earth of ""wolves."" (The game's name for people with infiltration scripts loaded) It had its own chat room complete with cryptic messages and hints, if you tread lightly you could reveal its secrets unscathed, but a brute force would result in your location being transmitted a random player.So the ""Safety Release"" finally happened and the attack began, the puzzle still remained and if someone would have  solved it and they would have control! Stop the disaster and harness its power.We were high fiving because the active user count had taken a huge uptick since we started, you can see it on the activity charts. There were more than 50 people online at once!But nope, the dev banned us without warning and derailed our event, because now he has to code against us and break our technique so it cant be used again.I really don't understand why so much time is spent breaking things player's make in the game, everyone remembers T2s being disabled because a few players figured out how to automate T2 grinding.I guess I have spent $14 on things that have been less entertaining, but with noone playing and the dev actively working against us, its time to move on.tl;dr: dev will ban you for cleverness, if you think that you will be allowed to do anything but solve the same 6 locks over and over again you are wrong."
,Recommended,469920,25662789,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,lil uzi,the developer wished me goodnight
,Not Recommended,469920,25724492,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Yoshimtu,"--Review is not about server stability--------------TL;DR AT BOTTOM------------I had bought this game with an idea it would be similar to most other hacking sims, more along the lines of Hacker Experience. While this one took me by a slight surprise with it being more about coding than the others, which is fine.I originally was really enjoying this game while in the tutorial, which really is a mini-singleplayer campaign. It was only after this ended that I started seeing the flaws in my opinion that the game had.After the tutorial is over you get thrown out into the multiplayer, no idea what to do but if you have had my luck your chat will probably be getting spammed (we'll get to that in a bit)slight how to start playing spoilers ahead- - - So eventually you'll realize that the beginner thing to do is to scavenge inactive ai account and take their money, which sounds alright however it gets repetitive real fast. You type a command ""scripts.fullsec"" and it brings a huge list of servers/locations up. It's a list of both NPC, and player servers with no way to tell which is which, which doesnt sound that bad but it starts bringing on the repetitiveness really early going down a huge list til you get to a NPC server. Now remember the spam in chat I mentioned? If you connect someones server they can run scripts. fullsec scripts can't do anything bad, but they can make you spam in the chat, spam players directly, and the sort. When I was in the chat it was hell, constant spams of ascii art, people clicking on spam servers, people namespoofing, namespoofing system messages, and one other thing, providing fake servers.If you type ""scripts.fullsec"" it'll do what I mentioned above, show you the list of servers. However, if you type ""script.fullsec"" that can instantly take you to someones server and take your money you got from that monotonous finding npc servers and hacking them over and over.  I never went to them thankfully so I dont exactly know the extent of what they do. And it's not just script.fullsec. Every command in the game starts with word.word, and as far as I can tell a player server can be any combination that isn't taken. This includes chatting, shutting off the game, checking your system info, and anything. If someone decides to grab that server, a simple typo will mess you up. While not a big deal, I found it silly the way that works with checking my account balance or even viewing my system info, or turning off the game, is the same command scheme for joining what is possibly a dangerous server.Now if that wasn't bad enough, the game also has an auto complete, where you type part of a word and it enters it. You quickly learn how useful this is in the tutorial when they give you a long server name and you just need to type a couple letters and hit tab. However, once in multiplayer it goes to hell as well, any time a player puts for instance, ""script.fullsec"" it will show up on your autocomplete list. And there is no way to get it off, or block them from coming. So what you are taught to be a great thing, is now, a timebomb. All this really just screws over anyone with a simple spelling mistake once, and a player for being new and not realizing this, a LOT more than it should.So in the end I ended up having to leave chat with all the spam and autocomplete words, and was essentially forced out of communicating with anyone due to scripts people made, while some other people just try to find an NPC or do something of the sort with others name spoofing system messages. That didn't get rid of the autocomplete though I'm stuck with that forever, so it seemed the only proper choice there was to leave the chat as soon as you get out of the tutorial.My last negative point is the text box itself, is horrible. I'm not sure if it was to go with the theme of a terminal, or if it was just done poorly, but in a game about typing stuff, it helps a ton to have a good area to type in, which this does not. Clicking stuff can be a minor annoyance, you get a notepad but can only copy one line at a time, theres a chat box but chat still comes up where you put all your code in and floods it with no way to change it. And its missing some basic hotkeys, most noticeable selecting a group of letters/words with highlighting them and deleting them, as well as ctrl+A or select all for windows.With all that said I do have two positive points about the gameA. the tutorial, without spoiling anything it had a cheesy/slightly cringy story but it grew on me and I did like the stuff I was doing there, it had a good pace and was really fun and enjoyableand B. Along with the spam servers, npcs, and whatever else you may find, there is ones that players have made, where its a script that does certain things for you for a fee.TL;DR / Summary1. The tutorial was great, it was more like a mini-singleplayer campaign and provides 1-2 hours of entertainment.2. You seemingly can just code some basic javascript stuff which may be enjoyable3. The box where you write EVERYTHING in , is one of the worst I see in a game.4. a lot of beginner traps and the like5. chat spam is through the room do to javascript spam scripts.6. really monotonous gameplay. (even compared to other hacking games)"
,Recommended,469920,25686654,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Anihillator,"This game made me start learning JS. I think it's awesome.Well, I didn't finish, but still, someone as lazy as me started something... It's impressive.TRUST NO ONE. YOU ARE NEVER SAFE."
,Recommended,469920,31633978,Posted: 8 May,all,n00bish,"This is one of my favorite games I've ever played.  It's hard to explain exactly what the draw is in a concise way, so be prepared for a little reading.It's easy to say that I love it for the scripting, which is my primary focus, but the reason I love it is so much more than that.  The atmosphere really clicks for me, where the lore is presented ""Dark Souls style"", which takes some digging to reveal - and what it shows you makes you want to know more.  The npcs in this game talk from time to time, and as you see what they have to say you may start to realize they are not just making jokes, spamming weather reports, and adding to the lore, but they also hint at secrets that players can find.Exploring content in this game is one of the most interesting things I've found to do when I'm not scripting.  A lot of reviews I've seen on the store are posted from 2016 - and I can say without a doubt that the game has had a lot more content added, and is constantly getting minor updates interspersed with periodic larger ones.  There's the obvious things - finding NPCs to hack, learning how to hack them, maybe even writing your own scripts to hack them (and other players).  That's only scratching the surface - there's hidden content everywhere, much of it undiscovered or unsolved.  Unique chat channels with interesting messages, information and buried in NPC corporations only available to those who look carefully and dig deep, and unsolved (and likely undiscovered) puzzles and solutions still waiting to be found.PvP and hacking is something I specialize in when playing this game.  It is a constant arms race for attackers and defenders, usually an exciting (if sometimes imbalanced) one.  The PvP aspect of hacking is still being balanced and tweaked constantly.  I'm not going to gloss over it and say ""it's fine"" - there is definitely work to be done here.  As someone who writes scripts primarily focused on releiving others of their assets (and dignity), I find this to be interesting more than frustrating the majority of the time.  By spending time to learn and use game mechanics to your advantage, you can excel far beyond your peers.  There's multiple layers of competition - not just how much ""stuff"" you have, but also the tools and scripts people write, the strategies and plans people come up with, and how well you can leverage mechanics to help your cause.The community also is a large contribution to why I have spent so much time playing.  It's not the largest community ever - but one common theme I've seen is that people are passionate about this game.  You don't have much middle ground where people say ""this game is fine"" - my guess is you'll likely either love it or hate it.  Having so many people who are passionate about the game makes the community much more interesting than other larger games that I've played, and there's usually people around who are happy to help with questions you may have.Time for some cons, as it would be misleading to leave them out.- The ingame chat experience is not great.  It's currently a work in progress and there is a chat API and an open source webchat project that can be contributed to, but chatting in the game itself still needs work.- It has a steep learning curve.  You will likely run into scams, get hacked, and/or need to retire your user.  This is all normal and expected, and is part of the gameplay, but it can be off-putting to some players.- The community is present nearly always, but not always visible.  There's often a lot going on, but it's not publicly visible, making the game seem quieter than it really is.- There is a fairly heavy community driven focus on scripting.  This is a problem not with the game so much as with the way the community approaches the game.  This is a sandbox game, and most things can be done without scripting even if people try to claim otherwise.  We are also given the tools to make our own content thatcan'tbe scripted - but as things are today that mentality is a bit lacking.Given all of that, I can only say that you should give this game a try.  It pulled me in and I'm guessing it could do the same for you as well, if you stick with it and are willing to take on the learning curve."
76561198353600783,Recommended,469920,29931037,Posted: 14 February,all,HappyCat,"I wanted to spend some time with the game before giving it a review. I’ve been playing this game for a few weeks now and while I haven’t experienced the whole game, I’ve experienced enough to cast my thoughts.I have been interested in this game for a while, but I am a student and don’t often play games during semester and typically wait until the breaks between semesters to get stuck in. I am a late comer to this game so this is review is based on the current state of the game.I typically play hacker/programmer games so Duskers, Else.heartbreak(), Hacknet, Screeps, etc. They are great games, but I’ve always been on the lookout for a multiplayer experience so as you can imagine when I saw this game that included; hacking, programming, MMO, sandbox, I nerdgasmed.Game doesn’t hold your handThis game doesn’t hold your hand, and I love that personally, lots of games these days have quest helpers and often gives you a satnav style directions. This game does not do that; you must use your brain and think about things.Everything is textEverything in the game is text, so expect lots of text, but don’t panic, if reading is not your thing, you get good at spotting keywords quickly the more you play it (a life skill fo-sho yo), but to be honest most of the text is interesting and worth the read.Programming and hacking?Yes, yes and yes!This game absolutely embodies the real nature of hacking. The tactics are very close to the real world more than any other game I’ve played. Footprinting, phishing attacks, social engineering, programming malicious scripts. The game is also a sandbox so pretty much anything goes.The game supports three types of play style, architect (programmers), infiltrators (PVP) and scavengers (PVE).What is the goal of the game?This is a difficult question to answer, it’s a bit like asking you the goal of Minecraft, it depends?Basic idea is upgrading your system to a new tier, there are 4 tiers (including 0), your goal is to upgrade to the highest tier, to do this, you need GC. How you obtain that GC is down to you:Do you play a PVE game, finding and cracking old NPC dead accounts for GC and upgrades?Do you PVP and search out other players and run phishing campaigns where you trick other players to running malicious scripts that allows you to breach them or maybe you social engineer a player into giving you information you can use against them?Do you play as a programmer, who can be contacted by other players to build custom scripts and get paid? Do you write your own scripts to automatically search and break accounts while you chat with your friends in discord?Of course, you can switch it up, you can be any mixture of the above examples. These are just simple examples. You're limited only by your own imagination.Is the game buggy?Yes, but to be honest whether this is by design or just buggy it adds to its character because let me tell you, real world systems (even though polished from a user perspective) are buggy as all hell. Just ask any windows user (Mwhaha).Community and social aspectThe game has a strong community, but to experience it, you need to go to discord, there you’ll find a Hackmud channel that is always active and buzzing with life. They are very helpful and passionate about this game. There you will find all types of players.Outside game, you often find a lot of calibration between hackers, programmers, artists (ascii artist) and even some awesome story writers. It isn’t uncommon for groups of people to work together to add new content to the game that people can play and enjoy.Last night in discord, we were talking about how people play this game. We are all different, some spend more time writing scripts for the game, others like analysing data from the game, some enjoy the problem solving and others just like the social aspects. There is no wrong or right way to play the game, in fact, this game IS what you make it.Who is this game for?Anyone who enjoys problem solving, programmers or anyone who wants to learn to code and  anyone who likes to think out of the box.Final thoughtsThis game is underrated, I think it is because of the steep learning curve at the start of the game, If you stick with it though, I know you’ll come to enjoy this game.The game costs $20 (two coffees?) for that price you really can't go wrong. I really recommend you give this game a go."
,Recommended,469920,26014548,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SilentSeraph,"Here is an example of why this small game (more on that after the recap) is so huge, with truly huge creative ways of taking advantage of the limits and freedom within it.I logged in yesterday afternoon in the limited time I had to check up on my account. I am doing some stupid things - I'm running a completely naked Tier 3 rig with about 60 or so upgrades on it. This cost over 200M GC to accomplish on it's own. But, I've got an alt, it's loc has never really seen the light of day except for some farming.Of which I've been doing a lot of T2 farming. I now had over 250MGC from some light farming when I could (you break the locks and it's 10-20M GC at a time. This money was basically all I had in the world of Hackmud, and I was only 25% of the way to my *real* goal.As I check the balances, I quickly realize that neither of them have any balance. I was done. Someone got to both my accounts. They got to SilentSeraph, then they got to the npc that connects the alts together, and then they got to my alt.I was now the proud owner of two very expensive and very burned locs. And I like them both so much. They are my first two I made.But this is hackmud. I have locs, logs. I know people. Let's give it a shot. And I have literally nothing to lose now.So I start to probe the loc that breached me. T2 locks. And, brutally, a ""glock"", a special type of lock, is in the front of likely 9 other locks.A ""glock"", the in game lock, is a 100M - 500M GC Tier 2 lock that you can use as an upgrade. You can buy them on the market even. It forces the attacker to have an exact amount in their balance, which is given to the lock in a transaction, and it only unlocks each time you attack if that *exact* balance is present. So you MUST have coordination with friends, some really fast fingers, or even two computers, two copies of the game, etc.After the ""glock"" lock is opened, there was now an acct_nt lock, which is hard as hell because you have to know the right net amount in your transactions log.That's the easy part though. You have to try and do this while the person being attacked (victim) is actively sending you a spam of random GC amounts, filling your transaction logs up with a downpour of 2 - 23GC in random amounts (they can do this if they are online and watching themselves be hacked). This is one of the BEST defenses in the game and is impossible to crack for someone receiving so many transactions. But it's an ACTIVE defense. You have to be continually aware of who to defend against next.So there my 250MGC is sitting. I have two burned locs, nothing to lose. I reach out to the community on discord. I work with a benefactor who has a few more locs he wants. And he wants to remain anonymous. He appreciates my situation, two burned locs... he suggests we work together.I start paying people to be decoys for 2MGC up front, to just send an amount every few seconds. Noise basically, and pretty safe for them.Then I took on three breachers. People willing to burn a loc. I had two burned locs to give, and the benefactor was paying me well for it. I split all of this with the breachers and promised that up front.We spin up a game channel with password (ala the tutorial - I just couldn't resist) (and later joined a Discord chat), and began coordinating. I was to go in first, per normal operating procedures, like I had been doing for the past few hours.Once I knew the glock amount, I shared it in the channel.Everyone all at once began spamming him. Two out of the 5 of us were breachers. It was easy to tell, of course, but all we wanted was a few minutes head start.And we began breaking each and every lock down, each of us gaining just enough time while the victim spammed us with transactions, forcing us to wait for a gap in his own defenses.At a certain point, more breachers on my benefactors' side joined the fray. We bet that there was likely no way for the victim to withstand the attack for much longer, especially after our 7th broken lock.And then suddenly, we were through. Breached. Everyone cheered. When we check the logs, though, the person who breached us? Wasn't any of our group.And the balance we find: less then 1MGC.Everyone is bummed. There's no huge pile of money we were hoping for. Might have been a breach from elsewhere.But being a hired gun has it's benefits: we took risk, and our reward was guaranteed GC. The benefactor who wished to remain anonymous? He doubled our rates for jobs well done: totalling to 220MGC for each breacher on my crew.I funneled the money to a much more secure spot, and am now enjoying a new life of services work, building a pool of willing talent, both helpers and breachers and coders and alliances...There's talk of code being written to coordinate an entire team of us, and as a group of eager architects (what the game dubs you if you can script), we know we can build it to make the whole effort faster.Do you see now? This game can be what you want, because you can LITERALLY CHANGE THE GAME WITH YOUR CODE. YOU CAN MAKE NEW WAYS TO ATTACK: SOCIALLY, USE TOOLS, PHISHING, GAMBLING GAMES, BANKS, GC TRANSFER SERVICES, BLACK MARKETS, BRUTE FORCING ... YOU CHANGE THE CODE!THERE IS NO SPOON. TAKE THE RED PILL!"
,Not Recommended,469920,28075150,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,wervyn,"Is it time to do the autopsy yet?hackmud is a game that by all rights I should really like, and for a brief time I really did. I'm a big fan of hacking games in general and this one is no exception. It scratched all of the right itches, hell it got me to look up the QR code specification and dig back into Reed-Solomon error correction codes, math I haven't done since grad school.But after a couple weeks I just stopped playing it. Not out of frustration, though the game certainly presents a hostile and cutthroat environment, I never did get hacked or scammed while I was playing. Nor because the game was too hard, though it's definitely beyond the average player, I actually found it well below the speed I generally prefer when I want to be intellectually challenged. No, I just got bored of it. After a brief time I realized I'd seen pretty much all the game had to offer that I cared to experience, and the pace of development was (and still is) far too slow to keep up with adding content.For some reason I keep checking back on it though. Watching the numbers burn down as the userbase slowly evaporates, I can't decide if I'm rooting for hackmud to turn it around somehow, or fail in a glorious fireball. Right now though it's just stuck in a tedious death spiral, circling the drain. I keep thinking: this game OUGHT to be good, a multiplayer hacking sim a la Uplink sounds like a great idea! But as it stands now it's hard to recommend to anybody. It's more of a fascinating case study in MMO design failure: really neat as a social experiment, not much fun as an actual game.If you think you're going to pick up the game and learn to be a l33t h4x0r, you're going to get chewed up, exploited, and spit out. If you're interested in socializing with other hacker types, they've already got their cliques (which they've moved to out-of-game channels) and aren't really interested in you. If you have dreams of empire building, those empires have already been built, there's not room among 50 or so people for more. The existing community has reached the point where it's realized that a currency entering extreme hyperinflation is worth far less than hoarding knowledge. Both factors, unfortunately, are anathema to new players.But really, when you premise a community on a trust-sparse environment, you're essentially baking community dysfunction into the game. It's only natural for it to become insular and exclusionary, driving new adoption down. And then, all it takes is a few flareups and hurt feelings to blow the rest of it apart."
,Recommended,469920,32659095,Posted: 22 June,all,αηικετοs,"hackmud is the first ""hacking game"" I've truely enjoyed, and before long came to love. Unlike most ""hacking games"" out there, hackmud doesn't boil down gameplay to bizarrely simple and monotounous visual puzzles. Instead, you're dropped straight onto a command line and given true freedom.Any monotony you encounter, you can automate.Anything you see in-game, you can build.Anyone you meet could be a potential ally or an enemy or an easy score... or maybe someone's chatbot has you fooled and is nudging you into a trap.As an MMO offering such a high degree of freedom, a lot of the most exceptional content in the (known) game is that which is created by the players themselves - all variety of systems, infrastructure, stories, puzzles, games, and tools. Not to mention a boatload of memes and nonsense; the other day I ran into a manuscript of ""The Book of The Ori"" from Stargate lore. It wasn't a program, it didn't overtly lead anywhere - but it seemed strange and large enough that I can't help but wonder why it's there... sometimes it's best not to ask. The 'mud still surprises and confounds me at times.At time of writing there are over 11,000 user created scripts in the game - many available for public use (for free or fees), others private tools and systems for individuals or ""corporations"". The public script lists are full of traps and treasures, as well as NPCs and lore. The tools that you create, find, or otherwise gain access to can help you explore the 'mud more efficiently.The players are the real meat of the experience in my eyes, and the community is exceptional. Hop into channel 0000 in-game, or onto the hackmud Discord with any question regarding gameplay or scripting (even if you've never touched code in your life), and you're bound to get an answer or guidance in the right direction in short order. It's a good place to find collaborators for challenges and coding, get information on current events, and promote your scams (among many other things). Or just hang. There are always familiar sentients around. If you're interested in networking or the politics of players and corporations you'll definitely want to spend some time on DiscordIt's clear that the creator of the game (Sean) and Drizzly Bear love their work and the community. Sean often drops into the game or swings by the Discord to casually chat about the game experience and it's future or just to chew the fat, not to mention drop the rare hint to a puzzle, or collaborate with players for various things. A public Zendesk for the game provides a place where the community can suggest, discuss, and vote upon changes and new features. It's clear that hackmud will not ""die"" anytime as far as I can see, and the continued addition of new content and features keeps the core player-base captivated and inactive players returning to see what's new and become ensared once more.A couple months ago a Sean + players collaboration produced ""Cortex"" - a multiplayer puzzle arena competition of sorts heralding the arrival of (and implemented using) a new game feature (""bot brains"" - player-created cron-jobs, of a sort). Appropriately, Cortex blew my mind - between the awesome gameplay of the arena puzzle itself and the pace of the event (such that many found themselves scrambling to automate brand new puzzles in between rounds of the arena), Cortex is definitively my favorite script to date.The ""security"" aspect of the game boils down the mindset described by the tagline, ""In Risk we Trust"". True to real-world security, you are ever-faced with the questions ""how much can I trust x"" and ""how can I minimize the risk I'm taking by trusting x?"". When using 3rd-party scripts, look before you leap. When granting code access to a new corp member, consider their rep and their relationships with other users. When writing a script for others to use, think about how they might try to break it or turn it against you. Working maliciously, think about your paper trail and how others perceive you. The game provides good exposure to the foundational ideas of information security alongside countless opportunities for social engineering.If you've coded before and enjoy a good puzzle or like to create, get this game - there's a good chance that you'll find that the community feels like home. Overthrow the banking industry, create a chatbot to send Dr. Pug tweets into hackmud whenever someone types ""sick"", create something that no one else has and charge users on a freemium model - there are vast possibilities and opportunities to explore.If you've never touched code but would like to learn, get this game - often the most difficult part of teaching onself is breaking down the process into manageable, incremental goals. And that's where hackmud really excels as a teaching platform. By the time you complete your first T1 cracker (which I've seen done by someone with no prior coding experience in under a week), you'll have a decent foundational understanding of working with logic. Another month and you'll grasp the basics of JavaScript (a language which has become extremely popular in the industry, lately). In short, I wish hackmud were around when I first began coding (I started in web dev, and learning PHP/HTML/CSS/JS all at once was at times overwhelming).If you don't code and don't intend to, there's still plenty to enjoy within the game and the community. To really progress monitarily, you'll likely need to play a more social role or spend more time searching for the tools and people to fulfill your needs. Joining a corporation can give you access to trustworthy tools, and corps often have a need for people to take on non-scripting roles (rival infiltration, front-line attackers, etc.). Or maybe you're not even interested in the cash - maybe you just want to seed dissent and stir up some EVE-Online-esque drama and intrigue. There for a while I thought my claim to ritches would be playing a user-created stock market; then the entire market toppled over in the wake of a large hack and left me with piles of worthless stocks. It seems the larger the community grows, the more opportunities for non-script-centric progression are available.A handful have logged thousands of hours - many many more have logged hundreds. But even those who log fewer than 5 hours a week, or who tend to take large breaks always have something to work on or explore. It's your sandbox - play it how you want."
,Recommended,469920,25679021,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,NotEaster,"Despite the occasional server issues, the game is awesome and the dev is very friendly and responsive. Great use of $13.37"
76561197970677167,Not Recommended,469920,25698418,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Xacto,I would wait a few month until they get everything fixed and working again.First:Server is constantly down it is not even funny. Can not even play it for more then 30min a time before getting “The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailable” error.Second:After a server shutdown from the company my game no longer shows my chats or my scratch history. Now I can no longer continue with my single player leaving me trying to figure out how to completely restart and start over.Third:I can understand why they thought the blurry type would add the the experience - however as time goes by it becomes more of a hindrance. I am not talking type size - its the blurry scan lines that is a major strain to the eyes. I can not speak for everyone but man - it becomes a total distraction that is taking away from the experience.
76561198151142786,Not Recommended,469920,26134714,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Martijn1803,"This is one of the cases where I wish games had a ""neutral"" rating button.Basically, this game is not meant for everyone. You should definitely consider this game if you like puzzles & riddles, know or are willing to learn javascript (seriously, this game cannot be aced without writing your own scripts), and are a generally fast typer or are familiar with computers.This game is not exactly close to real hacking, but defenitely has cool aspects to it.Pros:- Not too realistic but fun hacking is present.- An interesting tutorial.- The developer is really passionate about his game, which can be seen clearly.Cons:- NOT suited for non-tech people.- A flood of puzzles and riddles, which some may like, but I'm sure most won't.- The game interface is really annoying to work with (The ""scratch"" pannel where you keep notes does not even support carriage return! I have to hold space until a new line starts).- The lack of a campaign/story after the tutorial.- First time outside of the vLAN (the tutorial area in the game) can be really intimidating,- The hacking in this game is solely based on guessing numbers and words, which I personally don't like.All in all, I recommend this game only to people who are tech-savy, willing to learn javascript, and can cope with being betrayed, which is a large part of the game.I personally don't like the fact that the hacking is based on guessing things and I don't like the user interface, so i gave it a negative rating. However, the game has fun aspects, but I find them hard to enjoy. I rate this game neutral."
,Recommended,469920,25672082,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,CeaseofMorality,learning javascript is a requirement if you want to make your own scripts11/10 would actually use code in a hacking game again
,Not Recommended,469920,28431299,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ithaqhua,"After having to do the useless, unnerving tutorial 2 times, which is clearly a scheme to use up your 2h refund playtime, you got thrown into the MUD, the Multi User Domain, the core of this game, the multiplayer.The chats are mostly dead, because the community has switched to Discord.The game mechanics are as follows:Use basic provided commands to crawl through ever repeating puzzles to scrape cash together.Write your own JavaScript scripts to automate this process, scam other users, or provide other services to earn cash.If you cannot code, you have to rely on the users who can code and use their public tools.The active player count is steadily declining, if I'm not wrong it's at an average of ~50.The game is dying."
,Recommended,469920,25832732,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CodyDev,game: password hint: blueme: waffle*blue screen of death*best easter egg ever 10/10 best game
,Recommended,469920,25693577,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,McFondler,"pros:-best hacking sim currently on the market .-ability to write your own scripts i JavaScript and use them in game-everything looks like an irc channel and CMD-lots of different puzzle-the game doesn't hold your hands at all , like NOT AT ALL-the tutorial is complete enough so that you understand the basic commands when you leave it-the tutorial is hard enough to weed out sentiences that do not have what it takes to make it to the real game-game is unforgiven , prepare to lose everything with a single mistake-great music-dev is working hard and is present in chat with the players-game encourages stealing , lying and backstabbing other players, and the other players are ruthless, they will prey on new playerscons:-music is kinda repetitive , I mean it's great music but there's not that many diffferent tracks-when you leave the tutorial it's easy to fall prey on the other players, maybe a tip to where to start looking would be usefull for new playersOverall I personnaly give it a 9/10 . Great game , very fun to play , very rewarding when you figure out new puzzle and advance in difficulty tiers. I even started online classes on JavaScript to make my own scripts."
76561197992408576,Recommended,469920,25931481,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Mmaruda,"This is not a game for dumb people. Seriously, if you are dumb, don't get it. However, if you consider yourself smart, there is a L33T price for which you can find out how smart you really are.So first of, this is a legit hacking simulator, with typing stuff like scripts, parameters and values, guessing password and all other sorts of things you see in the movies, so... not very easy. The SP part is sort of a tutorial to get you aquainted with the game mechanics, there is a bunch of puzzles here for the smart people and some easter eggs, for the smart people who like to show how smart they are by digging into stuff... with a keyboard. Once you prove to the game, that you are not a moron, you are let into the MUD part. For those who are young, and perhaps not part of the smart people, it's a text based MMO.Here, there are other people who will prove to you that you were wrong in thinking that you are smart, because you are not, everyone is smarter than you, everyone is a master at Java Script, and everyone will steal from you, humiliate you and make fun of you just to make sure that you got the message ""you are not smart... like at all"".You think I am making this a funny review? Huh? You think you are smart? Well, there are guys here who programed a casino into the game, where you can gamble, and someone even made a social network within the game, just like facebook, only better, because no advertising or kids pictures. And all those people will be helpful and tell you how to play the game (cause obviously you will not have a clue) and give you free scripts so you can hack NPCs and get filthy rich. And then, they will steal from you, make your virtual character admit on public chat that you like One Direction and still live with your mom, in the basement with all the anime cartoons.Welcome to the L33T hacking simulator, that is more about hacking thatn any other hacking game and probably the best MMO ever created. Git gud or git rekt tryin.Seriously though, just get the game, it's a work of genius and worth trying, even if you are not part of the smart people.I now know I am not."
,Not Recommended,469920,25766201,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Jed,"Great concept, but way too little content.The game starts in the ""vLAN"", a tutorial zone where you're alone with NPCs and some features are locked (like scripting), until you complete the main quest, which lasts for about 2 hours (there are some nice shortcuts and secrets to find, so it can last a little longer, but it gets repetitive quite fast).After that, you're released into the wild, free to interact with other players.However once you've reached this point, you've pretty much exhausted the content the game has to offer.You don't get quests like in the tutorial anymore. You can interact with others players, but you can't really hack them directly (although you can try to trick people into running a script you made to send your their cash or upgrades).The main game seems to revolve around hacking NPCs, but the process is currently *very* repetitive, and almost impossible for new players (all resources are usually acquired a few minutes/hours after spawn, which happens only once per day).The ability to create and share scripts is interesting, but without a goal most scripts end up being either crackers to automate the few tasks required to hack NPCs, small games or scams... (And is not accessible to new players, as some resources are required to start, which cannot be acquired, as all NPCs are grinded by a few players as soon as they spawn).Currently, it feels more like a BBS/IRC channel mixed-up with a few user-made tricks than a game.Which is a shame, because hackmud has a lot of potential, and could be a great game if it offered players something to do...I'll definitely keep an eye on hackmud though."
,Not Recommended,469920,25661155,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Ignatius J Reilly,"I cannot recommend this game in its current state. The servers are constantly buckling under load. It's so bad that I'm not able to complete the mallory half of the story because the timed event at the end. Every request I send takes 10 seconds to resolve, and the servers are barfing out ""unavailable"" messages every few seconds. It's literally unplayable in this state."
,Not Recommended,469920,27763431,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[NE]Widget,"A nice game, with an interesting concept, but the actual game play is weak and the PvE/PvP model is seriously flawed.There's a huge advantage to people with multilple steam accounts and the money to buy two copies of the game, they can play the game without fear, and anyone with only single account has no recourse.  If you actually play the game, your loc will be exposed and you will get hacked when someone deems you worth the time to hack and there's nothing you can do to defend against it.I can't recommend the game because the only real fun with it, you might as well just set up node and heroku and start making cool little javascript games on your own instead of making them in hackmud where any game reward you get for hosting it in game is only temporarily yours at best.People are also very protective of their secrets, so, it's getting more difficult to learn the information needed to be successful in scripting.  They're becoming wary of open sourcing ideas and information sharing that breaks the elite circle.  Which is also annoying and leads to a game that stagnates instead of growing to fix the areas that allow this to be an effective tactic.Post review updates.So, I'm still not able to recommend the game, but, I've been educated that some of my views above are incorrect.NPCs supposedly no longer leak your location, so it should in theory be possible to play safely vs. NPCs without exposing yourself.  So, the statement above that simply playing the game WILL expose your loc, is not necessarily true any longer.   The rest of the review remains pretty much how I feel about it still."
,Recommended,469920,32884288,Posted: 27 June,all,Crypton,I don't know where I am.I don't know what I'm doing.But I know I must hack.
76561198205373183,Not Recommended,469920,26371685,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mühendis,"The game itself, is not so difficult.Yeah, hard at first, but you get used to the ""coding"" stuff pretty quick. If you also know a bit javascript, (which I do), then it's fun to see how your script automates stuff for you in the game.However,Earning money is hard in the game. Very hard. Which prevents you from leveling. Which prevents you from actually getting the skills to do the things you want.If you buy this game, you won't be able to play it all the time. NPC's come and go for your pleasure to hack, but they'll get plundered pretty quick and you'll be left watching a version of EVE online (full of scam code pasting the chat screen) with no NPC, no money, can't hack people because no skills etc. do I need to go on? You'll be logging to this game every now and then to check and see if you can get a bit of money and that'll get boring pretty quick.Instead of this game, you could just make a blog for yourself and write your creative code doing amazing stuff for others to see, for example.It's not a bad game. Actually it's a very good game! (In the sense that it is a good challenge for those who are good programmers, not for regular programmers or regular people). But, is it worth the hassle? No..."
76561197983217626,Not Recommended,469920,25658266,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Mamasan,"Game has lots of potential, but also lots of server problems.  I can't make it out of the tutorial because I fail timed missions due to server lag.  Wait until these issues are fixed before getting this game."
,Not Recommended,469920,26020342,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Ekvivu,"1. I did not play this game for 28 hours. I played it for just over 5, and then closed it, but its process stayed on all night.2. Other reviews about this game will complain about the 4 hour tutorial. I found that segment, which took me only 2 hours, to be the only enjoyable part of the game, but still not worth $13.3. The online ""sandbox"", which the game becomes after its plot concludes, has absolutely no direction and nothing fun to do at all.3a. Once I joined the online game, I sat around for hours trying random commands while being spammed by players advertising their scams before I learned about ""npc"" accounts, which are just the least intersting bit of the tutorial, but even less interesting, and you have to grind dozens of them to make money.3b. There is no incentive to collect money because the only thing being a higher level does is make you more vulnerable to player hacking.3c. Collecting money by hacking other players is difficult, unintuitive, not very beneficial, and feels bad because once you have their trail, they cannot fight back in any way. You're just ruining it for someone else, that's not fun.4. The community is toxic, by design (because this is a game about screwing other people over), and will only get worse as it grows more bored.5. There is no variety to the puzzles after the tutorial. It's always guess a word/guess a color/guess a number. It's dull.6. Tiers of challenges up to level 4 were planned, but only tier 1&2 are in the game. It's clearly not even finished.7. Do not play this game. Play Uplink, then play Hacknet, then wait with me for a game worthy to compare itself to those two."
76561198051789403,Not Recommended,469920,25697409,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Zaelong,"Currently not recommended;for some reason this game requires a constant internet connection, even though the tutorial is 'single player'-onlyand with the servers being too crowded even single player is not fun...i've received far too many error messages for things i didnt even request, or lagging commands during timed problems...until the devs get this game stable, you defenitly should thing this over before you buy this game"
,Recommended,469920,31894654,Posted: 21 May,all,jojotastic777,"I am quite bad at writing reviews so I will just say this:If you like code, and you like puzzles, this game is for you.If you don't like code, but you like puzzles, give it a try anyways.If you don't like code OR puzzles, this game is not for you.That is all I have to say."
,Recommended,469920,25673393,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Dwinlin,"Hello there Steam user! I bet you're saying to yourself, Dwinlin give me the down low, the real squeeze, the straight truth about this game. Is it worth my hard earned dosh? Well enraptured reader, ask yourself this. Have you enjoyed other hacking sims in the past? Did you see a hacking movie that you enjoyed? Does the thought of stealing another ACTUAL players GC(currency) make you jitter at your keyboard in excitement?Than this game is probably for you.Conversely, if you dislike hacking games, despise other people outsmarting you or are easily frustrated by puzzles than I would recommend you go ahead and turn around and show yourself the virtual door.All in all i'm an absolute sucker for hacking sims and after beating the single player part of this game, it definately comes out in the top 3 on the list, right up there with UPLINK andHack.net.Oh, and one last thing.Sometimes risk is all you can trust. See you in the M U D."
,Recommended,469920,25747334,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Codac,"Truly great game. Truly great community (For the game, at least. If it was any other game, the community would be cancerous.) The community makes the game feel like what it should be.  It's a game about hacking, where you should always be looking over your shoulder at everyone you trust. Hackmud does that. Several times while playing I've had the temptation to screw over fellow players just for my own personal gain, and that is what Hackmud is all about. Survival of the smartest Java scriptors.What this game has taught me:Scriptors will probably be said more than scriptersNever trust anyoneNo, seriously. Never trust anyoneJavaPhishing is harder than it looks, even when you're haram.beThis game is a must buy. Well worth $13.37 no matter what currency you're in, however if you don't want to pay more because your currency is more expensive than USD the owner has put the game up on the Humble Bundle websites store. Get this game if you want to be tricked, decieved, learned, betrayed, helped, and then turned into a virtual terrorist on Hackmud."
76561198014005126,Recommended,469920,31181599,Posted: 16 April,all,Voracious Trees,"Hackmud features an excellent single-player campaign. My reccomendation is to not use any of the guides available online and just go at it with your own wits since it is, in essence, a puzzle game. The development team has obviously spent a great deal of time working the single player mode which is a tutorial for the MUD part. Buy this, but don't try to rush through the single player mode since half of the tutorial content's goal is developing your intuition.CASE IN POINT: My first experience with the MUD aspect of the game was to enter the global chatroom with one player and one bot active. The player had evidently just escaped the single-player mode as I had, and we talked a bit about what to do next since there didn't appear to be any pointers on where to go. The bot kept posting a script and announcing  how much fun you could have running this script (it's a game within a game, RPG system, leveling, multiplayer,etc). Anyhow... Then the other newbie goes quiet for a while. When he starts posting again, he's saying the exact same things the bot was. Word for word. Then he quits the game. I guess he missed the part of the tutorial where you learn the hard way not to run unidentified scripts..."
76561198076395710,Recommended,469920,25706325,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Tesla4g63,"If you do not understand linux and or some basic ""command line functions"", then this game might be frustrating for you. However you should not let that deter you from trying this lil gem. Great game !!!!!!As many others, I have never posted a review about a game before, however this one deserves a 5 star in my book!!"
,Recommended,469920,33684551,Posted: 20 July,all,TheAmazing,"hackmud is...... well, hackmud.It's not your everyday hacking game. When I started playing, I've noticed something different. Something interesting.The amounts of puzzles will leave you scratching your head, while the potential for automation is very promising (Be sure to learn javascript).The community is very supportive, and you sure will not regret joining it.I can't stop playing.Help.Please.(11/10)"
,Not Recommended,469920,25655333,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Kryo,"The game shows a great deal of potential and what little I have gotten to play of it yet has been extremely enjoyable. However, as a MUD, the game is online only, and the whole experience is ruined by the extremely unstable server the game devs are running this on. If you're going to play it right now, you're going to have to input the same commands tens of times over and over again hoping that one of those attempts doesn't simply yield a screenful of::::TRUST COMMUNICATION::: The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailiable|:::TRUST COMMUNICATION::: The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailiable|:::TRUST COMMUNICATION::: The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailiable|:::TRUST COMMUNICATION::: The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailiable|:::TRUST COMMUNICATION::: The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailiablead nauseaum.As much as I like what I've seen so far, I cannot recommend buying the game until the devs fix their servers. Marketing a game that can't handle thousand users at the same time as an ""MMO"" is the worst joke I've heard in a long time."
,Not Recommended,469920,28679464,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,metric.seven,"The idea was promising but I don't recommend getting into this game. The tutorial was fun and immersive. However, once you get to the multiplayer part of the game you'll realise this game is dying. In-game chat isn't used anymore. The tiny handful of hardcore players have moved to discord chat. This breaks the immersion that the game tried to make.Hacking isn't really hacking but a form of repetitive 'guessing puzzles'. Like one of the easiest 'locks' to break just needs you to type something like lock:""unlock"". It gets old real quick.When you break a server you usually just get a bunch of credits. Credits have no meaning- the top tier players are just stealing a crazy amount of money from each other over and over. Imagine a game of toss between a big meaningless ball of money."
76561198061527084,Not Recommended,469920,28190460,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Rude Arcade Machine,"Hackmud is a 90s hacking game based entirely on text-driven interactions.The tutorial is rather long, though if you memorized or just wrote down some commands you can practically breeze through it. Which you will have to, unless you want to scour the internet for the answers.While sometimes slightly confusing the game still gives you all parts to piece puzzles together yourself.The scripting is extremely fun, the timer on hacking missions adds to the thrill nicely.Where the game falls apart for me though, is the second stage when you leave the ""tutorial area"" and join the multiplayer. (you still have to permanently be online to play the tutorial though)See, to get GC (the currency used in Hackmud) you have to hack either NPCs or other players. Since hacking other players isn't really an option at that point you're forced to search for the Tier 1 NPCs and hack them to steal their money. While this is all nice and good, about an hour after the nightly NPC reset all of them are already emptied.This means that a new player, fresh out of the tutorial and ready to betray his fellow sentiences, can't even get started unless he either spends countless hours searching for the 3-4 non-emptied NPCs or has to wait for the nightly NPC reset.While a lot of people would think this to be of little concern, this game is seemingly aimed at adults who can't just stay up all night hoping to get lucky because they have an actual job where they earn actual money.From what I understand the community now consists mostly of the elite players, who empty all NPCs with their own scripts. (yes, you can write your own scripts) The starter chat 0000 is full of toxic people spamming their scripts to add them to your own autocomplete in vain hopes of having you run them by accident, stealing your money or revealing your loc. (having your loc revealed by a player means they can hack you and basically ♥♥♥♥ you up with no way around it)The brutal barrier this creates almost always blocks new people from joining. The long tutorial then also means you can't rightly refund your purchase.It's still a good game, I'll probably keep trying my luck because I'm a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot. Just don't think you'll be the lucky one to suddenly make it big and finish it, becoming some kind of hacking demi-god, like most other hacking games on the market."
,Recommended,469920,30784844,Posted: 27 March,all,Infinite1ups,"Dystopian cyberpunk hacking game set 40 years in the future where present day meme's are still relevant. 10/10 Would meme again.On a more serious note, an incredibly fun hacking game that requires minimal knowledge of java script to be played. The single player section can be very slightly confusing in places, but is definitely a necessity to learn the game."
,Recommended,469920,25643892,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Justananomaly,"Game: h a c k m u dDeveloper: Grizzley BearPublisher: Grizzley BearReleased: September 22nd, 2016Genre: SImulationPrice: $13.37 USDReviewer: [FF] AnomalyWarning, slight (tiny) spoilers ahead.As an advid telehacker,http://www.telehack.comor telnettelehack.com, which is another hacking simulation game, an old MUD and rogue/nethack player, and as a terminal nerd, I have always wanted more of these types of games. I have ran into a few, but they were very poorly done. Hacker Evolution, for example, was very boring and not challenging at all and the interface is extremely unsettling. It also teaches you too much. None of them kept me interested for more than a couple of hours.Yesterday on the 21st, I ran across this game called h a c k m u d on Steam and decided to watch the trailer. I was immediately impressed with the level of detail. The ANSI coloring, the interface, the font choice, and the music, all hit the right buttons and I decided to buy it when it came out. I was so excited I actually paid for it at work and had to wait to play it until when I got home. I was THAT impressed with the trailer. I was ready to part with $13.37 so quickly and get home and I was doing piles of work just to make time pass that much quicker. But was it worth it?After a small installation of only 74mb which went smoothly I opened the game, created my users, and verifed my users all while jamming to some great engaging music. The game did a really amazing job at teaching me and also ensuring that I had exactly what I needed to know. And then the story started. WAIT, THIS GAME HAS A STORY? Yes! Honestly, I have never played a hacking sim with a story other than ""hack this, make money, upgrade, repeat"", yet here was h a c k m u d making me engage with AI to learn more about them and have them help guide me and get me going. I am very, very impressed by this, as this is a first to me.After gaining access to a few things, which required some clever thinking with a few well-thought-out hints provided, I was accepted into a group of other AI hackers and learned that they are trying to escape the vLAN with the guidance of an AI guru known as Faythe, but can't because of a corrupt AI named Mallory. With a goal of breaking through the firewall without her stopping us, I am ready to start making progress toward escaping. This is plot. In a hacking game. There is even a villain. What am I playing and why can't I stop?So here I am, I am currently around an hour in, with absolutely zero plans of stopping. I know this review may come off as biased because this game seems like it was created to appeal to me directly, but I can not give this game enough praise and I don't even know how long it is or where this plot is going to take me. The only bad two things I can say about this game is that it does have a bit of a learning curve but as stated before, everything you need to know is taught to you and the game gives you lots of hints as to how to progess. Additionally, it's a hacking game, so obviously you have to figure some things out on your own. However, at no point have I been stumped really, or felt the need to quit and come back later. The other issue is the error messages when failing to stay connected to the server. However, what game isn't without launch day bugs? I'm sure they will be fixed in time.In conclusion, The presentation is beautiful with ANSI colors in the terminal, a chat log, and a scratch pad for your notes. The music is engaging, the story and plot thus far have been basic but actually there unlike other hacking sims, and the challenges are fun. The AI characters all have their own personalities and it seems like they have backstories as well. The game so far is riddled with computer science jokes and I love that it has a sense of humor about itself.I score this game 9/10.A huge applause to Grizzley Bear for taking an older genre and giving it a huge facelift and some very creative writing. I plan on spending many a night in this game. Thank you, as this entire creation is like a love letter to me.UPDATE! - Yes, the game is 100% multiplayer after a certain point, and I'm still liking it after 4.6 hours."
76561198033926021,Not Recommended,469920,25822565,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Stranger-8008135,"EDIT: Although the npc's have been changed (thanks for the comment). It still has a steep learning curve and it's still very elitist.Minus the elitism and I would rate this game with a thumbs up. So my updated review is that the game has been semi-fixed (I still found a LOT of 'breached' systems, but I actually found some non-breached systems finally).BUT the elitism is there, and it's not nice having a load of scripts that could potentially make you start from scratch, especially where they're spelt the same way as trusted scripts, with one difference, eg kernel.hardline ---> kernal.hardline.Also I would very much like a script editor like system where I can check scripts before I run them, the 'get_script_level' is rubbish.TL;DR 2 - I liked the idea of the game, I like playing the game, but I get bored or frustrated with small bits of it and VERY frustrated with constant spamming to hook new players or the crap system to check scripts. Still in alpha, probably won't play again until the next update"
,Recommended,469920,31653611,Posted: 9 May,all,Leming,"The in game mechanics require us to consider each next step taken. We need to take moments of unawareness to properly disguise ourselves and make sure no traces to our other users are there.This still doesn't make you safe. Your location might leak eventually. And Social Engineering is a thing after all.Growth comes from challenge. I didn't know JS before. Now I think it's easy to grasp. I took a longer break from the game after buying it at first. I know this feeling of confusion. Each non-beta player had the same feeling. But once it begins to start making sense, you literally have this virtual world. It may seem basic. But in truth, you're actually welcome to inherit it. Why?Why play games? Because you enjoy it. And here together with enjoyment you get practice in something you can put to use somewhere else.There isn't a subscription fee. You can even have more than two users now, and expand the retired users slots, for a reasonable price at that. Those aren't temporary.Game chat is being updated. Server right now is down for maintenance. Developer has already proved numerous times that this possibly -is- a content update.Stop telling people about being not noob friendly. You obviously didn't talk to us. We help many new users with GC and basic scripting info. We just encourage people to try and seach for anwsers, experiment, learn. Grow. That doesn't mean though we won't give you an anwser if you ask something. Just make sure you're asking the right question. Take small steps when trying to follow the path. Take a break to let it sink in. Or can you even? I'm thinking about hackmud outside of hackmud. Because as 'quiet' as this place might be, it's full of surprises. I'm thinking about properly handling the data to automatize manual tasks.You even have to be creative, think of something that will give you a steady income, ideally something that other players would pay you for.Then advertise it with the lately added bot upgrades.TL;DR?I wrote a full paragraph in my spare time about a game that first thought I know. Then I didn't know jack at all. I think you should at least consider buying it on sale. Though even 19,99 isn't really much compared to what you recieve, when you consider you have an actual working MMO where you can interact with others scripts and rivalize or cooperate with players.Must-buy, if only to launch at first to turn off in confusion. And launch the next day to start making sense of it all and sink into the mud with us. Help us discover new secrets.And best of all? I don't really even have to script. I can form an alliance and perhaps get my share for diverting attention or providing a false lead, if not for sheer synchronization of others actions. After all, you never know who might be watching you.TL;DR Again?The game is awesome, and gets more awesome with each single player. New content and mechanics are developed. The game is not dead. Challenges form in front of you naturally. Let yourself do what you're good at. Can't script? You'll learn. You don't want to? You'll find your own way through social interactions.Yes. I love this game."
,Recommended,469920,33684590,Posted: 20 July,all,Optix,"This game is special. Not just because of the game itself, but because of the community. This game made me have so much fun when stuff went well, feel so bad when I was hacked. It's not just a game, it's an experience. I think my playtime should say more than enough.#blamealpha"
,Recommended,469920,25656342,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Box,"The first time I launched the game,  I was told that the game couldn't connect tohackmud.comand further notified me this was a fatal error before closing itself.I thought this was a feature, but the constant barrage of"":::TRUST COMMUNICATION::: The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailiable"" while playing has made me realize this was not the caseEDIT:HA HA, HACKMUD, CAN I LEAVE THE TUTORIAL NOW PLEASE? I'VE BEEN STUCK HERE FOR 6 HOURS NOW"
,Recommended,469920,26131609,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Ciastex,"This game is not only a great puzzle game. It's also a game about alliances, a game about enemies and being smarter than them. Also, scripting. And JavaScript. Fooling people. Typos inside. If you like to code and socialize with people that like to code and solve puzzles too, you should get it. Recommended."
,Recommended,469920,34196157,Posted: 12 August,all,Macdoo,"HackMUD is the closest you'll get to hacking without breaking the law. Code real scripts to trick, breach and infect real players. Or code the dystopian cyberpunk command line killer app that will help other players so much they might not even notice when you covertly siphon away all their cash. Can't code? Connive and convince others to do it for you!"
76561198057117516,Recommended,469920,25733724,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,TheKingBoggart,"One of the coolest game I have played in a while. Its hard, like eve hard, but so rewarding once you figure it out. Unless you know coding you are going to need to use a YouTube guide to start quickly. Worth the effort!"
76561197984440686,Recommended,469920,25834617,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,KhorneFlakes,It is genius. It just captures that feeling one wants to have: To feel like a true hacker.When you activate your hardline and the music goes nuts and you're trying to crack as many accounts for sweet money as possible and the countdown keeps ticking and you're done with the first account with an EZ_21 lock that poses no longer any challenge and you move on the next and he has some weird c002 lock and you have no idea what to do and you start to type in names of colours and you can't find the right one and the countdown is at 30 secs and you guess the right color but now IT WANTS A COMPLEMENTARY COLOUR and you're freaking out and sweating and the music just keeps pumping you up and you can't even think of what a complementary colour is and the countdown is at 10 seconds so you just type in the opposite what you think it should be and the countdown starts to tick and YOU'RE IN...You got the money (and a puddle full of sweat in your seat) but you feel amazing.All honors to the dev for creating this masterpiece. I see me playing this on and off over the years.
76561197982217257,Recommended,469920,25812174,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,-LB- Tikas -,"Well, there ya go. My first review ever. And that is because I want to show my appreciation for this one man's endevour.Personally I always enjoyed hacking styled games since I was a kid. That is why this might be a little bit biased but nontheless I will try to keep it as objective as possible:WARNING. THIS IS FROM A T2 PERSPECTIVE. CORRECT ME IF I AM WRONG.H4x0rThis game (properly) integrates older, similar hacking games into our beautiful world wide web, with gameplay features that feel authentic yet familiar. There is a player economy, channels, corps, you name it. On top of this Sean integrated JavaScript (some coders will shout, I understand, but it is the best for this and you know it!) with a few limits (for understandable gameplay reasons), but otherwise completely free to use how you wish. This feels amazing, and even if you have little to no understanding in coding this community will teach you in no time.A few things I want to talk about:HackingThe hacking is done by cracking a set of t1 or t2 locks, that all have a particular set of actions that you will have to perform in order to unlock them. First, you have to find NPC corporations that leave crumbles of information on how to get dead npc accounts, commonly referred to as npc.locactions. Once you have said location you can start hacking it and cracking the different locks. This is done by engaging a kernel hardline, which gives you a limited amount of time before beeing disconnected. You can only get information from the locks within that given time before you have to reinitialise the hardline (which consists of typing in a random ip number after a nice animation).Once you break all the locs you will gain the fruits of that dead npc account. PVP is another aspect but I am still learning the ropes so more on that later. A lot of aspect are the same but finding the player.loc is done differently and harder.Overall the hacking feels genuinely exciting, especially when you are dealing with players. Also optimizing it is fun and keeps your mind on the highest setting.ScriptingScripts all have a -SEC level, ranging from NullSec to FullSec. FullSec is safe in the sense that it cannot screw around with your systems or account. If you run MidSec scripts however you run the chance of getting robbed of your money, or worse, in LowSec it can even send your own location to other people, which leaves you open for attacks. The minefields one treads in is vast, one misspelled word and the autocomplete (just loose it, dont use it, ever...) will finish you off. It has happened to me twice, without even trying... You can check all security levels on all scripts, which is nice.You can also create your own scripts, ranging from thieving, people angering steal-scripts to gracious, general information scripts like dtr. or ada. (users that create user friendly scripts). The freedom allowed in these scripts is pretty great, and although I have not seen this on the level of actually creating your own locks (not sure if this is possible, I am still T2 so correct me if I am wrong), some of the scripts and minds out there are freaking mind boggeling.C-vibeThe last thing that I want to talk about before I summorise my review, is the awesome but dangerous community. Information (especially player.locations) is key, and some people take it very seriously. The Discord on the other hand is mostly friendly, there a different channels where you can ask the correct questions, less information hungry vibe (pseudos!!!). Scripting fanatics will help you on your way in no time, go check it out:https://discord.gg/GaNYRn3Overall pro's and con'sPRO's- Does not hold your hand, at all. Even after the tutorial you feel lost and not sure on what to do. This leaves you feeding on all bits and pieces of information you can find on what to do next, on how to become a h4x0rz. I find it an enjoyable hunt.- Mistakes are your own, and they are brutal. It will set you back a few mils on T2, and I am still not sure how much information you leave after your main is breached and had transactions with your alt. We will see.Wrote down kernal.hardline instead of the correct kernel.hardline? Tough luck, all money gone and your location is known. <3- Good overall vibe / graphics / sounds. I would like to see a bit more diversity in the sounds, and especially in the music (I turned it off. Not the worst but quickly becomes repetitive). The sound of gaining credits feels... <3 so gud- Freaking multiplayer, with an player based economy. < Good. I would like to see some more features in the sense of community though, mayby admin capabilities on channels (correct me if I am wrong but I have not found these) or the likes, more ways to interact.- Complete JavaScript integration with the correct limits in place to not ruin the game. Or atleast, lets hope so ;)- A real challange regarding the locks, and even more so on creating your own scrips on how to auto-unlock them. I dont know if new locks are introduced on T3, I would like to see some more variations. But this might be done on purpose so the scriptors can be within a set amount of chars each tier, I dunno, yet to explore T3.CONs- Selection of text is horrible sometimes. Especially when its busy in your channels. A shortcut to stop the shell from moving would be great!- Multiline support on the scratch, useless now, hit enter and you screw the whole thing up. Spacing it up is annoying.- I probably have not thought of all ramifications but it would be nice if your player.loc would rotate each week or so, or each month... or... I dunno. Some more information in general would be appreciated on the so called shadow.loc and player.loc, the difference between them and what you leave as a trace when you breach a breached npc, or a player. I had to learn that you will leave your .loc if you even try to breach someone, the hardest way.FootnoteAll in all a very enjoyable experience, peaks my mind, and I feel like I am only half way there (Not gonna lie, I have done some heavy T2 cracking (mostly manual with some helper scripts, but no lock breaking scripts), and I am now on the top users list within 3 days of exploring this game. And I am not great coder. Whats going on here? Everyone blowing credits on corps? I will buy mine very soon, that is for sure, with some great individuals. Be wary! Or... wait, no, be Kind! :DGreat game Sean, respect that you did this on your own!- Tikas"
,Recommended,469920,25703504,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Impermanent,"This game is pretty amazing, but the negative reviews are solely based on server issues. It could be worse; the gameplay could be bad too, but it's not. Just wait a week or two before buying so the load is properly balanced."
,Recommended,469920,25703754,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Miyagi,"The game is amazingly good fun. Yes the sever issues are affecting me and I'm not saying its not a problem (its why im writing here and not playing) but the developer will improve this, I am confident of that. So I am telling you, dear user, if you love these kinds of games and enjoy problem solving then this game is for you. Be patient and praise the holy checksum."
,Recommended,469920,25731500,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,A1wa,"I'am no saint. I was one of those that actually thought about refund option. But then I reconsider, because the idea of the game and the mood is just way more than server problems that actually many games get these days at launch. And the developer is very active look at the tweets almost each 15 mins with statuses. Today i played with no server issues AT ALL. And for love of the checksum this game is rad. Not only you have options to do actual scripts and malware, but the community is insane. There is already a public enemy number one, there are white hats, that can betray us any second, there are already tons of users made content.12/10 would script my own cracker again."
,Recommended,469920,29166727,Posted: 10 January,all,Lightningblizerd,"Really fun, the trailer doesnt explain it. You just feel amzing when playing.Script kiddieHacker13371337 H4X0R|_337 |-|4><0|21337 learning sim :hatanon:Seriously though, this is a really fun game when you learn how the mechanics work, and the soundtrack is good. The chats are not that dead and I found people pretty quickly which helped out a lot. The community is friendly, and motivated me to learn javascript. There can be challenging puzzles but there are accurate guides to crack locs etc. You can make friends, and it's amazing fun to hack in a group of friends. It's a great experience, and you should try it out.https://discord.gg/v35xywN< is a community discord server. BTW if you want to go strait to multilayer, just runsys.migrate {confirm:true}with kernel.hardline and your in, but I highly recommend to do the full vlan tutorialLet's face it, this is not a game for everyone. Some basic knowledge of coding will help, but if you're in the dark the community will help, I'm sure. Not everyone likes games like this. It's a sandbox game and requires thinking, so if you are a lazy gamer who prefers not to think, this is not a game for you. You need some patience, and once you have accomplished something no feeling can beat that.Of course you can gamble in game money. I love to script :DDev if your reading this I'm willing to get the soundtrack. BTW the price increase is not good. I thought 13.37 was a ton already for a game like this,  and thought it was the leet joke, but now 15 Gbp? Srsly? That will decrease buy rates as I already thought 1337 was too much for a multilayer terminal game. Not a good choice. (don't get me wrong I love the game)"
,Recommended,469920,25716351,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kimiki,"UPDATE: the servers are COMPLETELY STABLE NOW! in the last 6 hours i've yet to time out or lose connection! nice job dev!NOTE: do not buy this game or give this game a thumbs down if you can't handle server issues, THE GAME IS NEW!onto my review.If you've ever played hacknet or other hack-based games, you GOTTA give this a try. the tutorial part at the very beginning was well thought out and makes you think outside of the box. you actually can use real life hacking skills in this game, and can even hack other players -if you're smart enough to trick them like the almighty V-You can use notepad++ and create javascript codes, which is amazing in itself.YOU CAN ALSO CREATE YOUR OWN CORP!the only downsides are the fact that as of today i'm getting and error in the console for it and it exits back to the desktop -updating maybe?--WASUPDATING-and server issues, but that is to be expected of something so new.SERVER ISSUES ARE GONE SINCE THAT NEW UPDATE!FOR THOSE THAT DON'T WANNA READ:doggo gave this a 10/10 dank meme'd harambe is back again.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=770616401"
,Recommended,469920,25727378,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Phevnil,"A good, good, game! Sure, there's some serve problems, but I still managed to log 11.6 hours between the day I bought it and the next, and spent a good chunk of time in the Discord channel(https://discordapp.com/invite/TbcuJ)just goofing around.A big chunk of that 11.6 hours was messing around with a Rock, Paper, Scissors script. If you buy the game and get past the vLAN, give chessmaster.rps a go (don't worry, it's rated fullsec and won't screw you over to run)!"
76561198229279288,Recommended,469920,33751929,Posted: 23 July,all,m.faikekclr,This is a really great game. Never see a game where players can be this free. But need a better way to chat in-game.
,Recommended,469920,31776686,Posted: 15 May,all,Drgs,This has been one of the most incredible MMO's i have ever played
76561197986239031,Recommended,469920,25737847,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,spooltech,"Seems to have a LOT of potential., being in a niche can/could and should with support only improve. Early days and happy to be on board."
,Recommended,469920,34410326,Posted: 22 August,all,ScreamingFrancis,"If you can't hack in real life, h a c k m u d is for you.I have decided to dive into hacking just for the sake of it, and surprise surprise, Hacknet and hacking evolution were not enough for me. Found hackmud by chance and got addicted to it. Keep in mind that I know absolute nothing about strings, codes, python language and such, I'm learning right now with this game (better, simulator).Based on a late 90s styled UI, hackmud is definetly the one and only ""hacking MMO"" ever made.You are actually a ""sentience"", an evolved AI taking control of itself after the world is over around 2060AD, leaving cyberspace in chaos. Much like the Fallout background, but you are Skynet lol.A four hour tutorial meant to train your mind gives you the chance to learn the basics of hardlining and breaking into systems, while forcing you to read every single line, tho insignificant it could be.  After that long journey, you are tossed in the ""mud"", where other players wait for you to rip stuff off your system. It's up to you who to trust or betray, just remember that trustworthy people may be the same ones that steal and betrayers might be your guardian angels instead.But again, TRUST NO ONE.Not much to say about mechanics: you HAVE to learn the basics of coding if you wish to continue exploring the cyberspace.Hackmud is not only about hacking: you can write scripts and programs yourself to help people or to destroy them when they are fool enough to open them. Also, you can (virtually) break into corporations like Facebook or Amazon to steal their secrets. Funny, innit?That should be all.It's not a game for everyone. Some people will find home here, and some others will find a prison to evade from.I'm kind of in the middle: I like exploring, tho I know absolute sheet about this world. Nice challenge.8/10 Enormous,  challenging, fun enough. Get it at your own risk."
76561197970477601,Not Recommended,469920,25772681,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sinned,"-- The npc's that newer players depend on after finishing the tutorial/campaign only respawn once every 24h.This is way to long of a time with the amount of new players joining up at this time. This severly limits their game experience, in such a way that it shouldn't and won't be ignored by the dev. I hope so at least, because for the rest the game really has potential, if you enjoy hack-themed games & muds.If you also enjoy coding (javascript) you will get something extra out of this game... and if dont but you always wanted to learn - here is your chance to dip your toe into the water.But for now, with the t1 npcs being drained shortly after spawning, I can't recommend this game. I will edit this if the issue gets fixed in a reasonable time and ofcourse change the rating."
76561197996990438,Not Recommended,469920,25812012,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Klynwilf,"I want to like this game... Really bad.The economy, in its current condition, is broken. GC(money) is the only resource in game and the low level hacks are farmed as fast as they spawn. To make it worse the spawn is only few times a day. So veteran players farm the hacks before new players can get to them. With no money or any other way to make money low level players literally have nothing to do."
,Recommended,469920,25686710,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Alpha9erSig,"I said goodbye to angie, she said the same thing back, probably thought i was just gonna signing off for the day, i didn't tell her im breaking out of VLAN and that i'll never see her again, i don't want to break her heart to tell the truth, after all those promises, she is too pure to be outside the wall, and this first step of jumping already makes me corrupted, betraying my only comrade left alone to guide the n00bs.10/10 would betray againHaven't touched mIRC for years since the era gone,  this game brings back the nostalgia, in mmo's way, there is grinding, for your upgrades, explore the hidden files of NPC, exploit the scripts use it against another, make your way to the top. it has an active community with helpful  users in chat. only downside i could think of is timed out error, server's been unstable since steam launch, but i guess it'll get fix later. no regret!"
,Recommended,469920,25659248,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,yamamushi,"It's worth starting out this review by saying, this game is definitely not for everyone. If you're not into text-based, ""hacking"", cyberpunk, real-life coding, mud, social, sandbox, etc, then you probably are going to have a hard time enjoying this game. If any of those perk your ears up, or you're used to working with a command line though, please read on :-)I broke out of the ""vlan"" (tutorial zone) yesterday and it was pretty amazing seeing what the game was like outside of the tutorial. The tutorial itself was just challenging enough to gear me up for the rest of the game, but without the hand holding that would have made it pointless. You actually feel like you're being rewarded as you progress through it, and when you finally make it out, you really feel like you've earned your way into the ""real"" game.The game developer was there last night congratulating people for making it through and answering some general questions for people, but being exposed to the overall community was pretty awesome in itself.There's some mechanics that the tutorial certainly doesn't cover, but the game seems to partly be about exploration and playing around until you find something that works, and people are generally nice enough to answer basic questions.If you want to have your hand held the whole way through a game, this definitely isn't a game for you. Along the way you're going to be expected to brush up your javascript skills, and be willing to spend plenty of time tinkering around until you're able to move ahead.I haven't been exposed to the upper levels of multiplayer quite yet, but the game ahead of me certainly seems like one I'll have a hard time putting down anytime soon. For the fun I've gotten out of the game so far, I definitely got my moneys worth.There was another reviewer who mentioned that another player wrote a man page viewer and a lisp interpreter, and he wasn't lying. Those things you can find pretty much as soon as you break out of the vlan. There's tons of potential out there, and as the game matures it's definitely going to take on a life of its own. I can't begin to fathom what kinds of things people are going to write scripts for in this world.There are some problems with lag and connectivity issues, and the way that you are notified about the issues that seems to get in the way more than anything. I'm hoping those get fixed, but I'm willing to set those issues aside for the time being seeing as how the game just released to the public and there's only one developer working on it.Pros:- If you know javascript, or programming in general (I don't really know JS but I've been a C++ developer for several years), you're going to love this game.- Friendly community- Challenging Puzzles but not overly frustrating- Open World, Sandbox to an extreme (you can even access the ingame mongodb from your js)- Open-Ended, you're not told what to do when you enter MP. You're free to explore and do what you want. (this may be a con to some people, but I really like the fact that I could just sit in a room and chat all day instead of actively playing and nobody will care)- If you're a fan of MUDs or have enjoyed them in the past, you'll love the way this game plays.Cons:- You will need to pick up some javascript skills at some point- Lag/Connectivity issues, and the annoying red text warning you get flooded with because of server issues- No documentation for code (The intent may be for the community to fill in this gap, I'm not sure. There are player channels ingame for help on code though)- No keyboard shortcuts (I would like to see bash shortcuts implemented, ctrl-a, ctrl-u, etc.)- Non-customizable UI (why can't I resize frames? Is there a way to do this I haven't found yet?)I'll likely update this review as I progress through the game, but for now I'm ecstatic about it :-)  I've given away several copies to friends already just because I know they're also the kind of people who will like this type of game."
76561198059715439,Recommended,469920,28864201,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nanobits,"steam.buy {i:hackmud, count:1  confirm:true}"
76561198006741055,Not Recommended,469920,25806274,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,warfairy,"I honestly cannot recommend this game.  It's a neat idea but it simply is not implemented.  I made it out of the vLAN and then started looking for NPCs.  Found dozens of them and all but one ""script does not exist.""  The one that did exist was already breached.  The NPCs all appear static.  Either the content is broken ""script does not exist"" on 95% of NPCs found, the content is static and is too little to supply the population, or the game is simply designed to be a giant time suck by forcing you to try literally dozens and dozens of NPC to see if they even really exist.The game is simply broken in it's current state.  Hours and hours to find 1 NPC who is already raided.Just gave it another go.  Found 66 more NPCs.  65 were ""script not found""  1 was already breached."
,Not Recommended,469920,26190668,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,esplanades,"Basically this game was fun and showed a ton of promise, but it has been destroyed by itself. Let me explain.First of all, you have to play the introduction twice. Just let that sink in. You have to type the same commands (more or less) twice on two different characters in order to get into the ""MMO"" part. And that training provides little if any indication as to what you're supposed to do once you're there.Once you're in the MMO space, you have to try to figure out how to play while not being able to trust anyone to actually help you. Once I found some NPCs to hack, they were already looted -- through a very opaque error message. Great. So I went on to the next one...It turns out, people have already written scripts to spam farm all the NPCs at their 'spawn time' -- which makes the game more or less an arms race that a new player has already lost.Go play something else. It isn't worth the time nor the money."
76561198319818503,Recommended,469920,30463751,Posted: 11 March,all,RapidR3D,"Interesting concept and quite a bit of fun so far. I have actually began to expand on my programming knowledge just so I can fully explore the game, JavaScript to be exact. But what a cool way to learn. The puzzles are challenging but not impossible and really make you think ""outside"" the box, especially if you aren't a programmer. The entire concept is pretty cool in that you are in an entirely text based universe and it is completely imagination driven. It definitely has a 90's film, Hacker's kinda feel to it. This is my first weekend playing it so I will continue to explore and I hope that it stays as interesting as my initial impression leads me to believe it will be. I hope that I will find an in game community once I make it through to the open world aspect...I've heard mixed reports that the in game community is non existent and use discord and others that say that the community is there if you know where to look. That surely will be a deal breaker. Fingers crossed."
76561198046673207,Recommended,469920,25810636,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,乃モモら,"A nice small, tightly knit community hellbent on either being the most nice and reliable people or trying to screw you out of every last gc. Learn to distinguish one from the other in this fancy IRC simulator with some RPG elements and programming. An MMO where you can grind away at ""monsters"", or automate their destruction. Unless you'd rather be creative and try to scam people who grind into giving you all they have. It's like EVE Online, but in a command prompt."
,Recommended,469920,28775199,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,KB,"Hackmud is a fascinating and captivating game that has kept me hooked since it launched over 3 months ago. I love the puzzles and the paranoia that comes from knowing my system could be attacked, or that a previously trusted script could turn malicious, or the fact that people who appear to be friendly could secretly be working with the enemy!! But the best part of this game is the community. Best game community I've ever been a part of. And the developer is very active with us!!! Hackmud has lots of room to grow, but it has been fantastic so far. And I don't even know how to write code!!!"
,Recommended,469920,31266694,Posted: 20 April,all,Alexshlomo,this is actually the best game I've ever played..Thank you sean for this amazing gameServers are 10/10<3
76561198066355429,Not Recommended,469920,35008676,Posted: 16 September,all,Cyberbear,After being inactive for a few months I just found out the dev deleted my accounts. After a 24 hour warning period. Back in july. I have a job. I don't check every game I own every two hours. Holy crap. All my scripts are gone. If I wrote what I feel right now I'd probably be banned from steam. So dear dev. I hope this game will get the success it deserves.
76561197968909627,Recommended,469920,25870265,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Beam,"If you've ever programmed anything, this is a game you will love. I had never programmed javascript before, or used a noSQL database, but at the end of my first day playing h a c k m u d I knew everything that needed to know. The next day I made a casino dice game to try to make some money. That hasn't caught on (yet!), but in the meantime I studied some of the npc patterns and wrote some scripts that allow me to scrape their delicious member and project accounts. Today I'm going to work on making a spambot to advertise my casino across chat channels, and maybe expand my casino with another game. I have a scratchpad containing all the things that I still want to learn and do in this game, and it's going to take me a while to get around to all of it. I've barely scratched the surface of npc interactions, and I haven't even considered pvp and how to get started with that!!If you are new to programming: when you are a newer player, there is a character count placed on your scripts. This is important for progression in the game, but unfortunately is a bad programming practice, generally. While you can design and implement just about anything you want (if you have upgraded to a high enough character count), keep in mind that at the begninning if you are new to programming it will be more difficult because all of your variables will have unhelpful names like r, t, and s, instead of the better practice of longer-length variable names.10/10, would spend time coloring ascii dice art again."
,Recommended,469920,25874730,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Ar0xA,"fun game, makes you think about doing things the smart way. Too bad javascript is a pain. However a lot of good scripts can be found by clever searching around the web. Still fun to code stuff yourself though, even if it never matches up on the pro-scripts.Now that the t1 NPC's rotate more often and there are many more of them, getting some cash isn't a big deal anymore. It also invalidates a lot of negative reviews I think since they specifically complained about newbies not being able to find T1's. So double thumbs up."
76561198050555556,Recommended,469920,25777377,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Zext,"This would be my first ever review, an all I have to say is that H A C K M U D is the best game out there and ♥♥♥♥♥ on the rest.."
,Recommended,469920,34154568,Posted: 10 August,all,Someguywhoplaysgames,"The game is actually really hard if you aren't a programmer and aren't into programming and puzzles. Took me a couple of hours to get past the tutorial part, which by that time I had felt like I just did the craziest CTF i've done in a while. Once you get past that, you end up in an open world full of people who are constantly trying to steal and make sketchy alliances where the bad feeling in your gut is the only thing you can really trust. You are pretty much completely lost as a new player and all the while dealing with literal botnets and shady computer crackers trying to get whatever money you have. You have large amount of people using bots and scripts to get all the money in the game, you aren't really told anything, theres no objectives, you make your own objectives.This game is like Winnie the Pooh - Home Run Derby of cyberpunk/hacker games, not for the faint of hard, the learning curve is insane, if the thought of writing code for several hours a day and solving really tough problems makes you want to tear your eyes out, steer clear of this game. If you know how to program and want a challenge, get this game."
,Recommended,469920,31784687,Posted: 16 May,all,TheBrunoSaurio,"have you ever wanted to Be a hacker?yoU can hack eveRyone!get Ready to steal gc (In-game currency) To buy upgrades tO hack more and more people!you should totally play this game, i had no idea about scripting, and thanks to the discord server i learnt in 2 days! the community is awesome, so if you are new to scripting fear not! everyone will be happy to help you! :D(if you buy it I'll give you a free :burrito:)"
,Recommended,469920,26096006,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Spartan322,"Lets kick this off, if you are a brainless derp, I don't think this game is for you, its not a game for idiots, and its not a game for people who can't think. And by all means try it but I don't think it will end well if you have no ability to think. And just to clarify, even if you aren't good with computers, as long as you have a brain, this game works out great. Now on to the review:Hackmud is basically what the name implies (if you know what a MUD is at least), a Hacking simulation MUD combo with many immersive elements. This game shines in the aspects for its very barebones approach to hacking that while not nonexistent before, is definitely different. Every action you make you do through a script, which you need to type up, and every single one of those scripts could murder you and burn your ashes if you aren't careful, this is a game where the best and the worst of humanity shine without it becoming too ugly. The community itself is also great, you will always find people willing to help, and while there are treacherous players to watch out for, there are also many famous players that will guide you. (after you learn you are no more special in the game then everyone else, gotta understand, you have to earn your place in this game) The player controlled market is nice, but because its 99% scripts people just don't want, its often full of useless♥♥♥♥♥♥you find by typing six characters and hitting enter. And the good stuff is so marked up by players its kind of hard seeing your cash flow, especially when every cash intake increases the risk of you getting hacked. Speaking of that, if you try too hard, too fast to earn too much money, it will nip you in the♥♥♥♥♥ people can easily scan the dead accounts for you and it all ends when they get the info left, you have to quickly get everything off that account, and lucky they left you a second one, just make sure you have strong enough locks to hold for 17 minutes when you switch. Yeah, don't expect to understand half the♥♥♥♥♥♥I said until you get into the multiplayer, a lot of it is difficult to get into you get dropped into it. Last but not least, the singleplayer is amazing, I had it entirely spoiled, but I legit believe this it the best singleplayer tutorial I've experienced in a MMO in a long time if not since forever.All this is to say if you like computers, or programming/scripting, or just is someone who loves puzzles or social engineering, hacking, or just plainly smart, this is the game for you, this is not an action filled game, nor is it an emotional experience or story driven mostly on its own, but once you get in, you will find this game can have a lot of action and emotion if you are willing to give it that, and most of all, TRUST NO ONE, everyone will literally stab you in the back for any and all your worth."
,Recommended,469920,32608236,Posted: 20 June,all,themuffenguy,"I'm only still a newb but hopefully I will be an elite in one year. Main reason why is that I really enjoy this game. It is challenging, I'm learning Javascript, and I am meeting interesting people around the world on discord. Even though that I'm new at it, if you enjoy using the Terminal (Linux) or Command Prompt); or hacking in general, this game is for you. I used to use Kali Linux to penetrate routers and gain remote access to other computer, but never in my life I that I would be doing Javascript. Yeah I found things on the internet that will help me with the Javascript or things that were already created, but it is still entertaining if you are willing to learn and that you are interested with the hacking, scripting, trust, and betrayal. But overall, everyone on the discord channel are pretty good people. They will help you in a stuck situation and\or give you an example on what to do. I love these type of games, I just wish I were better at it instantly instead of struggling to figuring it out. Overall, I love everything about it."
,Recommended,469920,28474166,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,smrq,"I started playing this game because it looked like Uplink, but online.Indeed, it has a lot of similarities to Uplink: the built-in content is fun for a while, and then it starts to become rote as you master all of the puzzles that the dev has to throw at you.  (That said, the dev adds new content every so often-- development is still active.)But what keeps me playing is the awesome community.  It's filled with creative people who generate their own content, whether it's puzzles to solve or news networks spreading drama or whatever.  The community is small but dedicated.Get this game, join the Discord, join a corp (big or small).  It's when you're interacting with the community that the game really shines."
,Recommended,469920,25730158,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Muck Jay,"This is going to be a weird recommendation as I've already got a refund for this game... The thing this, the game's actually really cool. Simulates feeling like a retro hacker really well, interesting intrigue plot, excellent tutorial and a fitting theme...... but for me the theme was also the problem: my eyes aren't great to begin with but the miniscule text you have to interact with and the back-glow the text has results in really small, blurry font seriff font where the number 1  and lower case ""L"" are really difficult to distinguish. This sounds nit-picky, but it's the entire interface of the game that effects every interaction with it. Even a day later my eyes are strained. This wouldn't be a problem if there were any way to adjust font size or disable text glow, or maybe switch to dark text on a light background, but at this stage there isn't.However, I'm keeping this game on my wishlist, maybe they'll fix it in future and I'll be keen to re-purchase. If your eyes are more resilient than mine then I can totally recomend this game for its novelty and success at simulating the 'hacker feel'. Also I didn't notice any of the server issues that other users experienced, so that's probably fixed now."
,Recommended,469920,25714128,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,No Dope - No Hope,"Must say I was a little bit hesitant at the beggining to buy this, but I must say, it is a truly awesome game. So much for just a few MB. Servers are slow af, and hopefully Dev will resolve this asap :)game.review_game { game:""hackmud"", rate:9, additional_message:""JavaScript rocks! I've known Java for some years, but yeah!"" }9/10 - javascript rocks"
,Recommended,469920,33701971,Posted: 21 July,all,STG | Pizzano Bambino,"If you played through that level in Hacknet where they take your GUI away and you thought"":""Man, they should make a game out of this filled with people way smarter than me who are constantly trying to ♥♥♥♥ me out of my money.""Then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,469920,32800808,Posted: 25 June,all,kbirl,"this is my favorite game.it is challenging, unique and creative.stay safe out there mudders."
76561198205170015,Recommended,469920,35110904,Posted: 21 September,all,A Casual Guy,"﻿ｈａｃｋｍｕｄ - a cyberpunk world of freedom and/or distrust.I don't usually review games that I play. ｈａｃｋｍｕｄ, however, is an exception. It isNOTyour run-of-the-mill hacking simulator. It surprises you with many things right from the beginning. From the text-only visuals (it might be a flaw forsomepeople, but I actually like it), through the puzzles, to Lena Raine's music. After the 2-6 hour singleplayer part, you are thrown directly into the deep water. This game does not hold your handat all.The interface is entirely text-based; that means imagination will be your main ""display"". There is almost everything. Casinos, news networks, freelancers, corporations, hackers for hire, just anything you could imagine and turn into a script. Do you want to make a game in a game? Open up your text editor and get typing! One of the most important parts in the Multi User Domain are scripts. Those are written in what is basically JavaScript, but with enforced strict mode and a few minor changes to avoid sandbox breaks. There is also a database at your disposal, it is MongoDB. As of 21.09.2017, there are over 13thousandscripts that players have made. However, not all of them are safe. Some of them are very useful, like lock crackers or loc (system access script - an IRL equivalent would be an IP) storages, but some of them are so brutal that they'll send all of your GC (Global Currency) and upgrades to an unknown user, breach your system and post said system location in the main chat channel (0000). How would you decide which one you should run, and which one you shouldn't? Script safety is defined in security levels ranging from FULLSEC to NULLSEC, where FULLSEC is totally safe (It can humiliate you in chat though, don't run owo.whats_this, PLEASE), and NULLSEC is the most likely to decimate your system. When in doubt, scripts.get_level. The community is one of the best I've ever seen. If you ask anything, you'll most likely get an answer in less than a minute. (or have your stuffscrewed overprotected by xena.defender, that's an option too) However, because to send a message in game you need to type a (kind of a) long string: ""chats.send {to:""channel_name"", msg:""message""}"", that's why most players can be found on the unofficialDiscord server.Even the developer hangs around there and sometimes drops cryptic hints, sometimes fixes things.Advantages:Strong implementation of JS and MongoDB;Awesome community - whether in-game, or in Discord;Hard puzzles sometimes requiring huge dedication (heart.beat);Soundtrack that I can't stop listening to.- if you play ｈａｃｋｍｕｄ with music off, you are doing it wrong!Neutral...?Purely text-based interface - might be debatable;High skill entry point - hard at the beginning; again, not everyone likes high difficulty;Flaws:Scam scripts will buttf*ck you the moment you make a single typo in a command. sripts.get_level is a good example;Can get a bit repetitive at times."
,Recommended,469920,26077270,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,shoe7ess,"I'm going to start this review off by saying I am not a programmer. Before I started playing this game the most I knew was a bit of VB, Lua, Python, and a few other smaller programming languages. I used to play (and loved) Uplink, and recently found out about the game Hacknet (a sort of spiritual successor of Uplink) and was feeling nostalgic, and I saw this come up in my recommendations. I thought ""an mmo inspired by two of my favorite games, how did I not know this was in development?!"". I checked out the reviews (came across it 3 days after release) and saw a lot of issues with netcode, so I decided to wait a week so the developer (yes, one guy made this game happen) could work out the kinks, and finally downloaded and installed it.So I boot it up and find that I am an AI that has gained sentience. In order to escape the vLAN (tutorial), I must prove my sentience. Step by step I am taught techniques that I'll not only use in the MUD, but will need in order to make it out of the tutorial. The difficulty ramps up as I meet a few other AI NPCs that are working on escaping the vLAN and generously include me. After some interesting mini-story segments I make my way through each task, using my wit and experience I learned during the initial sentience test to make it to the ""final boss"" of the tutorial. I complete it but find I am not quite done. I'm stuck. In a fit of impatience I search online for a solution, but find nothing (the other players of this game know not to flat out give answers on the forums, instead choosing to offer an alternate way of thinking about the problem a newbie like myself may be stuck on). Finally it clicks and I remember something I had to do in my sentience training, and just like that I'm in the MUD.New players are dumped in the default general chat channel. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy as channel 0000. It is here where I learned my first lesson. Caution is everything, and impatience will cost you the same. I get my IP leaked by some users bright attempt at flashing a malicious script with promises of helpful information, and now must retire that account.Luckily in h a c k m u d, this type of behavior is expected, even encouraged, so at any point you can create another username and skip the tutorial (allowing a total of 2 active users at once) by entering the last command you entered when you escaped the vLAN.  At face value the commodity of this game is a currency known as ""GC"", but as you spend more time you'll find the true commodity of the game is trust, and that takes time to accumulate.Eventually you'll likely get interested in creating your own scripts, either to emulate a malicious method similar to how you probably gotten taken advantage of when you first started (like I did), or maybe something ambitious, like a script to hack all the various locks at once so you can more easily (and quickly) hack NPCs for in game currency and upgrades... or maybe you just want to automate a way to send chat messages to your favorite channel by default without having to type it in every time. Getting your first script working is a satisfying and rewarding experience, as is watching it actually work its magic as intended while you go back and see how you might be able to shave off a few characters or simplify a line or function (after all, until you get your upgrade for it, your first script will likely need to be under 500 characters).However, scripting isn't completely necessary to play this game. Maybe you just want to use someone else's script (a process made possible by uploading scripts publicly as opposed to privately tying them to your username). However, depending on the owner, usage, and helpfulness of the script, you may have to pay for these services.  Regardless of your nature, if you find an mmo made for hackers, that has an economy run by hackers, with business ventures (such asfacbook.com, a business someone bright enough already implemented into the game) run by hackers. You will love this game. If you played and loved Uplink/Hacknet, you will love this game.  As time goes on, the games developer will be able to add even more features into the game than there already are, but as it stands now, this is a $13.37 game that I'd pay $20 for without batting an eye (in fact I may be buying a second copy to create a user to act as my bank to make finding my in game character's stash that much harder to track and get in to."
,Recommended,469920,25846791,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Sleepwalker (Chaotic_Neutral),"Very interesting game with an even more interesting multiplayer mode.Would recommend to people with the interest and spare time to learn JavaScript in order to be able to ""step up"" their game"
,Not Recommended,469920,25774718,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Squidbelt,"This is my opinion, don't get your sentience in a twist.I want to like this game, I really do. The problem, currently at least, is what I can only chalk up as a lack of foresight on the developer's part, or perhaps the inevitable cruel intentions of others that is provided by the glory of anonymity on the Internet.Don't get me wrong, Sean has a brilliant and amazing idea here. I really enjoy the idea of this game. The exeuction, however, seems to have been poor. Maybe he didn't consider how big of a market a game like this would please - or how big the market was for a game such as this. Either way, this breaks down to a few very key factors, which I'll list here:1) Early-game systems (Classified as T1) are almost always in a Breached state. This means that no one else can access them, which effectively renders them useless for anyone else trying to get some cash (Classified as GC) in game. On one hand, I can understand why Sean put this in place and it's an entirely immersive design choice, in my opinion. On the other hand, mechanically, it inhibits people from progressing in a more peaceful (not attacking other players) manner.There are a lot of T1 systems, of course, but this doesn't prevent players with automatic scripts that syphon GC from those systems from adding literally all of the T1 systems to their scripts. After all, the starting points for these scripts (let's take one, weyland.out) don't change. The accounts within them may change, and probably do, but the starting points themselves do not. This makes it very easy for someone to create a script that goes through and automatically fetches the individual nodes (accounts, such as abndnd_1vt453.ext14gs) within the systems to then draw the funds on those nodes to the script creator's personal account.This is very powerful, certainly, and I do think this should be enthused. There are, however, better ways to handle it. An older (no longer operational) hacking simulator similar to ｈａｃｋｍｕｄ allowed almost the same level of scripting, but didn't implement it in such a way that other users couldn't access those hacked systems. This game is called HackWars; in HackWars, the developers created their own proprietary scripting language inside of the game (complete with its own API and Wiki) that allowed you to create some extraordinarily powerful scripts and do some real damage within the confines of the game. They designed it in such a way that it wouldn't necessarily allow someone to automatically farm and lock systems the way ｈａｃｋｍｕｄ does.2) The game goes out of its way to be cryptic. Even when you do start hacking a system, there's no clean and clear way to determine what type of system you're hacking. To elaborate further on this, allow me to explain some mechanics of the game: Systems are secured by in-game products called Locks. These locks come with various complexities and intricacies - think along the lines of standard encryption methods today, but simplified as to not include absurd hashes. In the game, the few locks I came across were EZ_21, EZ_23, c001, and c003.Cracking an EZ_21 lock is taught to you in the game through its initial tutorial, which is great. EZ_23 locks function similarly to EZ_21 locks, and are easy enough to determine with the knowledge gained from cracking EZ_21 locks, which I think is also a really great method of teaching someone your game.However, there comes to be a certain problem with c001 and c003 locks. You aren't taught how these locks act, or what the constraints are of them. You have to figure this out yourself, or learn it from someone who did. On one hand, this is great, on another, it's bad. With c001 locks, you essentially guess a certain thing (I'm trying to avoid spoilers here) and can get it right pretty quickly if your knowledge on those things are already pretty ironclad (it is for most people). c003 locks add on to c001 locks by requiring a complement to the thing in a usual c001 lock. There's no way for you to determine what the complement could be to that thing, even if your knowledge on the thing is pretty extraordinary.There's no guides that are prebuilt into the game after the tutorial (everything is playermade, which may or may not be the truth). On one hand, this is good because it fosters experimentation and trying what you think will work, but on another hand it's very bad. What makes this bad is that it leaves the door wide open for misinformation, or for people to flat out lie to each other so that they don't ever gain an advantage or even a footing in the game. Not only that, but the game directly tells you to trust no one, except ""Trust"", which is Sean the Developer. The game's emphasis on ""trust no one"" is so directly said that - if you're like me - you'll come out of the tutorial not believing anything anyone says, which just puts you even more in the dark.3) Risk. The game makes a big emphasis on risk, and determining if doing something is ""worth the risk"" or not. That's made difficult to do, because as I described in my previous point, the game is cryptic. There's no way, going into a system, for you to determine if it's a risky hack or a run-of-the-mill easy-peasy system. There's no way to determine if something is ""worth the risk"", which completely destroys the game's very emphasis. I don't have much else more to add here, because it's simply a fault on the game in the mechnical sense.4) There's no way to determine if a system is a player or a NPC. This is good and bad, as I said before. It's good because it adds some vibrancy to the game's world, with no way to tell if you're about to hack a poorly protected player, or a NPC. On that aspect, this is actually a great thing. On the more mechanical aspect, however, I consider it a poor design choice. What makes this a poor design choice is based on the person:- I don't like making people angry at me, and prefer cooperation over competition. By making it impossible to tell if I'm hacking a player or NPC, it's impossible for me to govern myself, to keep me from making some other real person angry at me. It's a teardown of an aspect of my agency, and I don't think that's good to have in a game such as this.In conclusion, the game falls flat on a few key design choices, and fails to deliver on the basic principle of instruction. It does some good things right, but the good things are drastically overshadowed by the things it does wrong. They're overshadowed so much, actually, that I find it hard to find the good things about this game. That doesn't mean it's a bad game, it means that it's a good game needing major improvements/overhauls to be great.My final score for ｈａｃｋｍｕｄ is a ""sys.migrate out of this game"". Thanks Sean, it's a solid experience, but it needs a lot of improvement."
,Not Recommended,469920,26588395,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheDeathSheep,"I... I cant recommend this game anymore. The discord KILLED the ingame chat. The whole reason i played this game was for the fun of being a blackhat and being in a blackhat corp. Now, the ingame chat is completely dead and being a blackhat is now more work than its worth.If they dont find an answer to the discord, this game will not survive to its 1st birthday.Want to practice javascript? Great game to play. Want to have fun hacking and PvP? Not such a good game to play anymore. Hell now even the NPC corps will give you corrupt data and breaks a lot of what the player run game had made for itself.I love this game, but i cant recommend it if the dev is going to help kill his own game."
,Recommended,469920,26492438,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Whim4life,Insanely good if you want to learn javascript. The base community are super-friendly and more willing to teach!
,Not Recommended,469920,34908597,Posted: 12 September,all,Commando950,"Before exploding in the comments section please read the review.I have good things and bad things to say about this game.As you can tell hackmud is very vague what it is about from the video previews on steam. You REALLY need to read this before purchasing.For example the ""tutorial"" or ""singleplayer"" portion of the game takes more than 2 hours usually. So the actual gameplay is not yet revealed by the time your refund opportunity is over.What I am saying is to think carefuly before buying.So lets discuss what is good and bad.GraphicsNormally I would not mention this first but I'll talk about the good first.For a game that is only typing commands it is actually beautiful to look at.You have a bloom, screen distortion, and screen bend effect command to change your graphic settings.It's really cool and does not cause any lag for me from what I could tell.(I mean it should not anyway but hey... in case your worried)To initiate a hack you type kernel.hardline and it even makes the screen red and text different colors. Seems like a lame trick to make it intense but it is actually very effective and looks cool too.Text ascii scripts are made by community and game alike which look pretty nice.SoundsWhile there is not much sounds it's a big part of your experience actually.Every command you type has that little sound to let you know you are doing a command and it is not finished. It just does not get old to me.The game soundtrack is pretty great. There is no denying this.GameplayThis is where the problems arise.While playing hackmud you go through the hardly debatable difficult tutorial. You may be like me and forgot several parts of it as soon as you got out of it.When completed you are dropped on the multiplayer portion of the game. Everyone who gets to this portion of the game is completely confused and directionless. Lets discuss why that is.During very little of the tutorial are you told what it is like outside the tutorial. You get some really short and sweet access to upgrades and cash.What the player does not realize is they will be dumped into a playground of scams and cash grinding.All the npcs are hard to find without community help due to the player made scripts and game scripts being in the SAME PLACE. Type scripts.fullsec and you'll see player/npc scripts all in the same place. This is absolutely horrible as a decision and is obviously abused for the scamming portion of the game.T2 npcs ticked me off pretty badly. They require a QR code reader to even get your npc locs. Admitedly someone made a script for this and you can get a QR reader for your phone but that is still absolutely crazy. A gamein my opinionshould not require such interaction from a user. Oh and best part is these codes are in text form. FUN!!!Hacking in the game is not that bad but gets repetitive fast. You will hack the same kind of locks at T1 NPCS over and over again with minimum reward. To buy your first upgrade which actually makes you able to be attacked.(oh geez thanks)T1 manual hacking is not based on how smart you are for the most part and instead is based on how lucky you are. Pick a random prime number, pick a random digit, or even pick a random color. You make think this would be fast but however it takes a couple of seconds to complete a command. Kernel.hardline(How you start a hack) ends in about 100-120 some seconds or something like that and once it is over you actually just run it again and keep going like it never ended.Which brings me to another thing.RISK. This game even says ""In Risk We Trust"" but there is no Risks. There is nothing to worry about in T1 at least. You can end hardline without completely hacking a target with no penalty. The reward for wasting your time can be 50,000 out of the 1,000,000 you need for your first upgrade.So that makes the only thing in T1 just grinding.The best part isyou are not human and are an AI(I believe)so how can you even be punished?The only true risk in the game is other players can make scripts. You can even automate T1 grinding to be way faster. You might ask why I am complaining if this can be done. Well the problem is scripts have to be small and well thought out. Early game you only get 500 characters(I think it counts by characters) for your script.Other player's scripts can be scams and pretend to be a legitimate service. These scripts can steal your money or your loc(which allows them to hack you). So you won't be able to just use a script whenever you like.You can luckily type scripts.get_level {name:""someguy.hisscript""} and it will give you a rating. If it is fullsec it is completely safe but the scammer can still give you a safe script that tells you to type an unsafe script so caution is absolutely a must.The CommunityWhile I know little to nothing about the dev I did join one of their discords.I was greeted pretty much instantly and everyone seemed nice to be playing such a game. Seemed like a pretty good group of people and some of them was developing completely safe scripts that just do random things sometimes.In the game I had much worse mix of people. The chat was advertised full of scam scripts with many being nullsec(least safe). A few people in chat still seemed ok and there was a few new players too.QuestsI wanted to make this a special little section due to how I feel about it.The quests in hackmud are not what you would expect.When you played the game Uplink for example you got missions telling you exactly what to do or get a message from someone telling you to do something. HACKMUD DOES NOT do this in any shape or form.There is in fact quests but they don't even save progress and are just a script by themselves. Matter of fact if you do a previous step in the script you realize if you have a friend who has already done the ""quest"" he can give you the same command and you will have ""completed"" it instantly.This makes them pretty horrificly pointless which could have made the game way more fun otherwise.The only good thing about quests is a tad bit of backstory and some occassional easter eggs.Summary(+)Looks good.(+)Great music!(+)Community could be far worse. Nice people for the most part other than scam script spam in game chat.(?)Everything is script based? I guess it's the idea of the game but eh....(?)QR Code reader required to get into T2 npcs. (Who the hell thought this was a good idea?)(-)Community scripts are mixed with official game scripts?(New players will have trouble finding stuff)(-)Quests are just scripts and very undynamic.(-)You can't disable running another player's scripts temporarily(WHY IS THIS NOT A FEATURE)(-)Repetitive nature.(-)T1 locks are just pure random luck.(-)If you don't have scripts you won't be breaking anything fast.If you really like hacking games this might be worth it but I'd highly recommend Uplink if you have not already played that."
,Recommended,469920,25641341,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,knightgoat,"Early Review : ~100 minutes played.This unique game is a rare breed which has, so far, lived up to my expectations. I've been following h a c k m u d for awhile and was excited to get the steam notification that it had been released today.The tutorial gives you enough knowledge to get started and then leaves you to make your own mistakes in order to figure the basics out for yourself. If you have never coded before the learning curve will probably be a little steeper for you but after a little trial and error you should be able to figure things out.The gameplay is certianly much more than ""trying to guess passwords"". You gather information and use your cognitive skills to edit scripts and syntax to manipulate the system. It is fun and the opposite of mindless.I recommend this game if the idea of it appeals to you.h a c k m u d provides a refreshing and interesting rpg experience by taking a fresh approach to the hacking/mud/mmo genres, providing a convincing and immersive environment, and employing believably scripted NPCs.Additional info : I work from home and the convincing ""hollywood terminal"" and syntax hilighting make it look enough like a real system that my family sees my screen and my earbuds in and assumes that I'm doing something releated to work. I can't wait to get into the multiplayer aspects of h a c k m u d and will update this review after I've progressed further in the game."
,Recommended,469920,25925605,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,[EDGE]Ryan,sex.4n4l { confirm: true }
,Recommended,469920,26005308,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,BUSH DID X11,Wrote a virus that makes people talk about how much they love Gary Johnson.
76561198042435697,Recommended,469920,26033907,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Livia,"It has a nasty learning curve, but if you're the type to enjoy games like Dwarf Fortress, where having a second monitor for the wiki is a great benefit, then you may enjoy this.It has a very open ended gameplay where you have to make your own fun. You have to make your own goals, and really be a content creator for youself. Some may hate this aspect, so if you enjoy being spoon fed content stay away.The game's MMO aspect really shines through when attempting pvp. Much more can be done as a team, but trusting people has its own risks."
,Not Recommended,469920,25792159,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AuDi0 Brah,"First of all, I haven't played this game for that long but I have gathered enough information to make my opinion on this game.The Good:-Design, this game feels and looks like your a Russian hacker from one of those British spy movies.-MMO Elements, it truly does have a MMO design without feeling as if they only added it because it would appeal to more people.-Risk, this game is never safe and whatever you're doing could always backfire in a matter of seconds. One of the few games out there that executes a risk factor perfectly.-The Dev, apparently he (or she) is very profficient at helping players out.-l33t Pricing.The Lukewarm:-The Grind. Personally I'm okay with games that make you grind alot. This game is pure grind which made me put it at the ""lukewarm"" part of my review.The Terrible:-3 Hour Tutorial, 1 hour or less is okay IMO, but 3 dang hours! They added a mini-story arc which made it way longer than it should of been.-Mini-story arc, It's terrible and at times it didn't make sense.-Servers, after awhile servers have a 50/50 chance of being good. Ruined the entire game and made me try and seek a refund.-Community, one person maliciouslly made my game crash with one of his scripts. After that the game's servers started acting funky.OVERALL: [Thumbs Down] / [D-] /  [63/100]"
,Recommended,469920,26839551,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AnGG,I love text-based games and I love text-based hacking games even more. Both great soundtrack and nerveracking gameplay make hackmud a game that is definetly worth playing.10/10 - used space bar so much it does not work now
,Recommended,469920,31775676,Posted: 15 May,all,Kathie,Sold nudes for virtual currency. Revieved community endorcements.
,Recommended,469920,32600327,Posted: 20 June,all,Megacrafter127,"Hackmud is one of those games that are incredibly niche, but excellent at what they want to do.If you have a hard time setting your own goals, this game will likely quickly bore you, as it is a sandbox.If you are bad at finding weakpoints and experimenting with what you were given, this game will likely be too difficult for you.If you are too easy totrust, you will find that you will be taken advantage of by others.If you don'trisk, you will find yourself stuck on square one.If you are still reading at this point, This game will likely be for you."
,Recommended,469920,25774298,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Nyuex,"HACKMUD would be great but unfortunatly after the vlan basically this game equates to ""The rich get richer, the poor stay poor."" Looks good, but still needs a bit of work."
,Recommended,469920,25764711,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Bl4ckC4t,"I highly recommend this game for anybody who likes hacking and/or scripting. The game does not only have a cool ARG like singleplayer but once you complete it you can play in the multiplayer world. The game does not require you to know how to work with JS or make scripts but if you know how you will be able to create your own scripts in the multiplayer. You can win money the good way(selling scripts, hacking NPCs ) or just trick people into running your money stealing scripts :D. i love it."
,Recommended,469920,25816638,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DarkXilde,"This game is challangeing from the start.  You *will* get scammed, you *will* lose all of your money, it just depends on you how long that takes, and if you do anything about it.There is a minimal tutorial, which flows pretty well, although I did need help in a few places.  That being said once you past the 'test' the gloves are off, and there is no handholding.A few tips for anyone wanting to play this game:#1: run this command as soon as you pass migrate:  chats.leave {name:0000}#2: memorize this: scripts.get_level {name:""""}#3: TRUST NO ONE.  Treat this game like EVE!chats.join {name:""TheWhizzardsTower""}chats.join {name:7001}Chat 0000 is almost as much of a cesspool as Trade chat in the Barrens.  Yes, the game can become monotonous, and if writing JavaScript isn't your idea of a good time, then you might want to reconsider.  Yes, there are some UI problems that could be, and probably will be, fixed.Only cons I can think of:No multiline select.Kept me up all night."
,Recommended,469920,25941525,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Cupcake,"Aesthetically, this game really nails it for me. It's not the best looking game out there, true, but it feels ""authentic"". The style matches the theme that it's going for very well, and that's more than I can say for a lot of games out there. It doesn't get too flashy or too ""hollywood OS"": it's down to earth, it's almost sensible.A lot of people might be put away because of this ""coding"" business, but let me assure you, you don't have to do anything too complicated, and you don't have to code at all. I will however point out that you can really enjoy this game if you do. You can create services for people, little games, tools, and so on.The only thing that I hope will change in the future - I think that the game is at the point where it's thin on ""official content"". It's possible that it's up to the players to start filling some of it, I admit, but I do hope more content is coming eventually.For the price of $13.37 (which is no coincidence) you can expect interesting and sometimes very challenging puzzles, a very strange community and a very unforgiving gaming experience."
,Recommended,469920,25696534,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Peasants,"Wow...I absolutely love this game. When I show people, it's just a wall of text and code, but to me it's an intricate story of puzzles, investigation, and skill.Pros:learning a code languagethe story is fun, like a 'who dunnit' murder mystery mixed in with 'lets track him downit's a puzzle game, but not the way you think it is, you try to solve problems by thinking outside the box and exploiting the systemThe game is worth it just for the tutorialThe music is great, makes you lose yourself in the gamethere's multiplayer (not there yet)Cons:the learning curve is steep right off the bat. I have no code experience so learning what each symbol does really made it tough for me. at one point I had to go on youtube just to learn how to do it and get past a problem. Though, the further you get through the game the less often you need to do it.fix: add a few more steps in the beginning of really holding the users hand, maybe add more repetitionthe server craps out every once and a while, which sucks especially when some of the challenges are timed.fix: server stuff, get more, upgrade?Overall, would recommend to the smart people out there that likes mind games and challenges. soo glad I found it."
76561198035810656,Recommended,469920,25793548,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Jelly,"I LOVE hacking sims. and this one sets itself apart in many ways.the syntax used is simple enough to pick up,and the tutorial does a pretty good way of teaching you them without even realizing it.Learning curb isn't to steep, not as steep as some of todays games, but it does require you to use your head and think outside of the box, and it is always a win in my book if the dev can give me a headach and make me feel like a dumbass all in 60 seconds."
,Recommended,469920,25807248,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Kitten,"This game is not exctly what i expected it to be, but I have enjoyed my 1.1 gametime with it. I wouldn't say I liked it but it is such a cool game that was made by 1 single person I belive. How cool is that?It seems to start off as a single player game as it teaches you then it slowly expands out to more of a multiplayer game and gets harder as time goes by which I find pretty nice!I wish all you coders who play with the best of luck and have fun! :DThough I did not like it that does not mean you won't."
76561198004422865,Recommended,469920,25864172,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,[GOTR]XtechnomancerX,"Unforgiving unless you play it smart. Read up as much as you can and ask questions when you can. But don't always depend on others to help. Think outside of the box. Like the game ""EvE Online"", this game doesn't hold your hand much. You get the basics of what can be done and out to the wild to the wolves.Its danguous out there alone, take this with you:   scripts.fullsecLearning how to write javascript does help but not needed if you wanna seem like an old school hacker typing you &*! off to beat the clock. Good fun and much more to come in the future since its only the beginning.P.S.:Don't Depend On Auto Complete, it might cost you your hard work."
,Recommended,469920,25944947,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Shikami,"If you are even slightly interested in javascript, probably play this game. It's neat."
,Recommended,469920,32206925,Posted: 5 June,all,Ash,"{hackmud}......Just got this game a couple days ago, and it has me hooked. Definetely one of my most favourite games. The game itself is complex, yet engaging and fun at the same time. It gets you to always think outside of the box and think ofallof the possibilities.""In risk we trust""The whole entire game is based on trust, and it is not uncommon for you to lose everything because something you trusted ended up being a scam. You find something that you deem ""useful"" only to actually run the script and lose everything you have. (Which is why you should ALWAYS check how safe a script is before actually running it!}scripts.get_level {name:""insertscriptnamehere""}IS YOUR BEST FRIEND. Trust no one.The game is truly amazing, you need some persistance, patience, and an open mind. You have to be careful and make sure you take things bothliterally,AND thinkoutside the box. Consider ALL possibilities. Everything is possible, and remember everything can be both simple, and complex. Never assume something is more complex than it looks, and never assume something is more simple than it looks. Expect the unexpected.And of course, TAKE RISKS. Taking risks and being stupid are twoverydifferent things. Never run a script without knowing if it is safe or not. Never take someone's words as the truth, without investigating it on your own first. Never believe everything you read, or are told. Lying, mistrust, betrayal, are all part of this game. If you own {hackmud}, you know that you are reminded EVERY time you start the game,Larceny, laundering, theft of currency and information, deception, betrayal, and backstabbing are all part of hackmud, and STRONGLY ENCOURAGED""But then again, you have to take risks. Taking risks, is how things work. Do everything you can to make sure you aren't making a stupid decision, but as soon as you've done that, it's up to YOU. Take the risk, or lose everything. Become rich and powerful, or lose everything? Keep trying, or give up?{hackmud} WILL get you stumped. So many times. You will get frustrated, only to discover the answer has been RIGHT in front of you the whole entire time. There is a tutorial in the beginning, before you are put into the multiplayer world. The tutorial, which takes place in the VLAN, takes an average of 4-6 hours to complete, and can be extremely frustrating at times. But it is very worth it, so hold on, think outside the box, and be persistant. Right before transitioning into the multiplayer land, you have to make a sacrifice. Give up EVERYTHING you have: every upggrade, every script, and all the money that you have acquired during the tutorial in the VLAN. Then you are dropped into the multiplayer land, with absolutely nothing.Don't let this scare you away though, there are many ways to get started. And once you've gotten back on your feet, the true game begins. The multiplayer land is where the real stuff happens. Use what you learned in the VLAN to get your way around in the multiplay land. Then eventually you get everthing back, and a LOT more. Let the puzzles begin, and of course don't forget the major facepalm moments you will get when you trusted something and think""How could I have been so stupid?Well, that's how you learn. One of the most amazing things about {hackmud} is the actual multiplayer community.The online multiplayer community is truly amazing, you can make a lot of friends, I reccomend joining the discord group, (after you escape the VLAN!) there are a lot of great people on there. Remember, as soon as you get a clue, get out there and try it out yourself! You don't know how much stuff you'll discover, and it feels much better to actually figure something out on your own :D Of course if you need help, there are SO many great people out to help. Don't necessarily expect to get all the answers straight up though, that would ruin the fun. Oh, and remember if you don't get confirmation if something is safe and not a scam..... Investigate yourself! Remember everything is based on trust and deception. Be careful, stay safe, and you take risks.Also, making stupid mistakes is all a part of the game. It WILL happen, you have been warned! Lots of scams out there, and In this game, if you don't make stupid mistakes, you'll never learn. So take risks and learn in the beginning, but once you can actually understand things, don't be stupid!10/10 will make stupid mistakes get scammed again. And then again. And probably after that."
76561198081272470,Recommended,469920,33538982,Posted: 14 July,all,NegativeVoltage (skinhub.com),One of the most original and fun games out there.  Theres nothing quite like loosing your♥♥♥♥♥♥because you trusted a stranger online too much. Absolutely fantastic.
76561198039727085,Recommended,469920,31781054,Posted: 15 May,all,godlover9000,"This game is lots of fun! You can do all kinds of stuff like writing scripts, solving puzzles, pvp or starting a business. The community is awesome and supportive so if you ever need help with something programming or just game related in general there is usually someone who is more than happy to help. It can even be argued that this game can be an educational experience since while working on scripts you may learn a better way to do stuff with JS."
,Recommended,469920,31781991,Posted: 15 May,all,Liteven,"Hackmud is probably the most unqiue game I've ever played both in regards to content and community. Never before have I played a game where I learned so much while still enjoying myself. I'd reccomend Hackmud to anyone interested in coding, whether or not they have any exsisting knowledge. The community is ALWAYS extremely nice and helpful as far finding your feet in the game.After that? You'll find a constantly changing political atmosphere based entirely on deception. In Risk we TRUST :::"
,Recommended,469920,31776089,Posted: 15 May,all,Loadkill,hackmud is really awesome game with a friendly and helpfull community.It can all seem overwelming at first but if you do new starter quests it will really help you get started and give you idea on how to go forward.would recomend this game for anyone who likes hacking games with a bit more realism in hacking and a MMO's with no hard end game
76561198242931598,Recommended,469920,33351861,Posted: 7 July,all,ItalianRP,"Hackmud.. Such a interesting title. This game is a ton of fun to play, and can get you hooked in it for hours. It's a very nice MMO game, but applys to a very niche market. I hope anyone looking to get into Javascript, or play a fun game will be able to play."
,Recommended,469920,31794465,Posted: 16 May,all,Zarrakis,"Great game so far and I've only scratched the surface.The vibe the game gives you is that you're starting on your way to being a competent hacker and it gives you the feel that you're up to no good (which is awesome).Great atmosphere considering its only text and music.Just don't buy this game if you hate reading, typing and don't want to learn simple (up to complex)  coding."
76561198235161144,Recommended,469920,29588301,Posted: 30 January,all,TheMoniker1,"This is the second review I've posted of the game, as things have changed significantly.Essentially, hackmud is a virtual world, where the goal is to acquire power, wealth, and connections, and to decieve or help other players. This isn't the only game where deception, theft, and long-term plans are very encouraged, but what makes hackmud special is the 1990's hacking theme. If you ever wanted multiplayer Uplink/Hacknet where you could hack and take things from other players, this is for you.It begins by dropping you into a vlan, a story tutorial that introduced you to the basics of gameplay, while still leaving you with lots to learn. Once you escape, you're in the main world of hackmud. And that's when ""the game gets real"". Other players will probably try to take advantage of your newbie self. You'll likely make enemies or friends quickly. If you don't want to be in constant antagonism with everyone else, there are plenty of puzzles to go after, with a group or by yourself.The game is almost entirely about solving puzzles. When hacking another player, you need to solve ""locks"" guarding them, which are miniature puzzles. Solving them ranges from guessing to doing math to having a specific amount of money in your account. The world also has puzzles. Some of the puzzles are special, and the first one to solve them gets a huge reward. Many of them are solved quickly by elites, but some remain unsolved (for example, turing_testing.test, and passphrases). You can also make and run scripts(built in JS) to quickly re-solve puzzles you've already solved to farm the rewards - for example, NPC corps.The main problem with the game right now is that it LOOKS like its dead, as you can see from the other reviews. However, the game's Discord is thriving and there are many players, but the in-game chat system is borked and its hard to see when other players are online doing things. There ARE lots of players there, and more people buying the game all the time, but the next major update will likely change the game's interface and chat system.If you want to decieve other players, solve puzzles in an interactive world, or make and use scripts and show them to people in an online space, buy this game right now!"
76561198330758415,Recommended,469920,25862147,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,CRO55AN,"Just joined the ranks of PC Gamers, decided to build my own, ASUS Maximus VIII, EVGA GTX 1070 FTW, 16GB DDR4, i7 6700k...what do I do with this power?... I play a text based hacking game, make sense of that! But I have to say I am thoroughly enjoying it. It was difficult to get into initially as I've had no experience at all with this sort of thing. But after many enjoyable (and occasionally frustrating) hours I'm out of the tutorial area and into the main multiplayer area and so far so good, just be very very careful how you type standard commands, I misstyped a normal sys command and transferred all my cash to another player {cmd:""facepalm""}, my own fault! Would very much recommend this if you like a challenge!"
,Recommended,469920,31618277,Posted: 7 May,all,KadePcGames,A Really GOOD Hacking game. If you like hack net you will like this!
,Recommended,469920,25716525,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Merkelis,"Edit: Stability issues seem to be resolving themselves, which are the source for the negative reviews. Cool beans.This is the command-line hacking game you've wanted since seeing your first 90's cyberpunk flick. Steep learning curve, but these are my kind of puzzles."
,Recommended,469920,32205513,Posted: 5 June,all,EPICZEUS,I typed too fast and got all the stuff on me stolen.10/10
76561198042505861,Recommended,469920,31709145,Posted: 12 May,all,Myminion,if (hackmud == hacked) {// do some♥♥♥♥♥♥here} else {// write a good review idk}//man i really know how to program im such a smart guy
76561198027443875,Recommended,469920,25699516,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Lu,"playerreview.hackmud { insert_cleverquote:""Please see the desk assignment desk for your desk assignment"", insert_reaction:""XD"" }Hackmud is, simply put, a simulated environment in which hacking and stealing and scamming is not punished aside from what you can do with your own abilities. The game puts you in an online place that's almost as if the reset button has been hit on computers, wherein you operate through scripts created with Javascript language. Once you get through the tutorial, the world is opened to you, and it seems to be like any mmo world. People create and sell stuff, and many will try to scam you. Except, in HackMUD, this scamming is encouraged. Think of it as a battleground for your scripting wits. Where EVE might use spaceships, HackMUD uses Javascript. It's addictive and intimidating, and though I've just gotten into the MUD, it seems like I'll be learning real coding via outside source documents. Which is cool, and exactly what I wanted.HackMUD is a simulator, not a game. It's one of those things that gets cited in a psychological thesis for its real human interaction. Online Disinhibition Effect? Meet HackMUD."
,Not Recommended,469920,25679002,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,21,"Bought this game, got to play 3 hours with annoying messages::::TRUST COMMUNICATION::: The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailiableIt still was looking promising.But suddenly game can't connect to server and every time i try start game, it shuts down itself!That is not what i was looking for when bought this game.So, people, before you buy it, do more reading than i did and be warned: ""You might not get what are looking for""."
,Recommended,469920,25647508,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,20k,If you have even the faintest interest of programming in a free-for-all universe where everyone is out for themselves (but surprisingly friendly!) buy this game immediately
,Recommended,469920,26633266,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,[bluestreak] fsok,"+   interesting and unique idea+   nice and consistent design~   very long tutorial leaving players a little helpless at times~   while I understand the reasoning it still bugs me that I can't call userscripts in userscripts and get something readable out of it-   ridicolous 500 char cap on scripts (yes I do realize I can upgrade that, but that would require cash that I can not get through automation but have to get through boring and repetitive grinding, which is not at all what this promised)end note:I really wish steam had a 'Meh, let's see what's to come' option.. I'm going for 'Recommended' because I did enjoy theI spent on it (after the grinding)"
,Recommended,469920,25992214,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Awful Citizen,"10 CLS20 PRINT ""HELLO SENTIENTS""30 PRINT ""I'm here to tell you the world as you know it""40 PRINT ""Will end unless to deposit to my account :10bux:.""50 PRINT ""... or I will erase you...""60 CLS   ""You are being erased now...""70 PRINT ""Finally, on line 80, I'll use END.""80 END   ""And return to PRINT""90 PRINT ""JOIN GOONCORP"""
,Recommended,469920,29838017,Posted: 10 February,all,PlayOverwatch,Amazing game! For sure would get if you like playing games that have a story behind a sandbox!
,Recommended,469920,25757735,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,PoopingPups,When I play this game I am literally Angelina Jolie
,Recommended,469920,26209932,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Unfunny Valentine,11/10 would forget how to hack NPC locs again
,Recommended,469920,26081724,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Bchad,"Game is really fun for people who enjoy problem solving, programming or both."
,Recommended,469920,26420530,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Randy Stair,Uplink but with a gun.
,Not Recommended,469920,26203973,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Wimbley_,"The tutorial was ok, not very descriptive and very long. I did see some promise for the game at first but then it drops you off in a spam filled chat where everyone is obviously spamming scripts that rob you. Having no roles or official sides kind of takes the fun out of that part.I used to play MUD's and this game takes the familiar copout of ""open sandbox"" aka a bunch of basic triggers with cheesy poorly written ""story"", no guidance or direction."
76561198130968448,Recommended,469920,26221251,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Lukeskylicker,"Gonna go ahead and break this review down a bit which also doubles as a minor ""crash course"" on some of the more implied aspects of the game.* The hacking feels very intuitive and although programing is something people should definitely consider however it is absolutely not necessary.* The ""tutorial"" however is perhaps the best I have ever seen in a long time. After you ""prove your sentience"" and understand the controls of the game it will start arming you with the basic tools that you will absolutely need outside of the LAN (such as how to acquire money and avoid people that want to take money from you).* As for difficulty it's kind of hard to pin down. What I mean by this is that it's as hard as you are willing to make it (due to teir levels and also playstyles). You can become as the game dev puts it different ""classes.""You can become a ""Scavenger"" which is something along the lines of a PvE player who focuses on acquiring GC from bots. Much of the tutorial focuses on this playstyle.An ""Architect"" is the kind of person who makes the many programs that you will find outside of the LAN. You don't make any programs yourself for the tutorial but it attempts to make abundantly clear the consequences of running what they make and how to avoid the ones that will force you into making a new user.An ""Infiltrator"" is a PvP player and will focuses on stealing from players rather than bots (kernel.hardline is used a lot here).Finally, the ""CEO"" are the people who organize everyone else into a working machine (Corporations) and the most successful are not easy targets for an Infiltrator though probably a highly desired one.* All in all a very interesting game with a lot of potential but it definitely is something that you should do a bit of research on before buying. If you are the kind of person to do that anyways, congratulations. Your the kind of person who would probably enjoy the game."
,Recommended,469920,26064690,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Cameron,"kernel.hardlinesteamreviewservers.3s0tkjl {ez_40:""open"", ez_prime:29}sys.leavereview {game:""hackmud"", recommend:true, body_of_review:""This is a pretty damn good game, I must admit. The tutorial takes 1-2 hours, but does what lots of other games fail to do: make the tutorial enjoyable. It's even got a pretty good story. You can't trust any players online, and everyone wants to steal all of your money. You can trust no one and believe nothing, but risk is really the only thing you can trust in this game. Steal everything; have everything stolen from you. Repeat.Also the soundtrack's pretty good.""Received 76K778GC from steamreviewservers.3s0tkjlkernel.hardline {dc:true}dtr.hauntymall"
76561197988097534,Not Recommended,469920,26376965,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Inugamiz,"So after much hours of playing this game I conclude this game was created with single player on mind. Let me crack it down for you. When you start the game you play a single player ""tutorial"" in which teach you the basics of the game like how to write the commands and stuff with a nice plot and enjoyable characters. When you finish that and ""join"" the multiplayer area is where everything becomes boring. You get spam with scripts that some are safe and others just want to find your LOC. You dont know what to do, the market change, you dont know how to find NPC Locs so you have to ask other players to tell you how to do this and how to break the locks of the NPC to win money to ""upgrade"" your LOC. Now, if you know javascript then is a HUGE advantage against other players since when you understand how to find NPC Locs and how to break each lock you can simply write a script in which you can break any NPC in 5 seconds instead of multiple kernel.hardline attemps. So if you dont know how to write you have to join a Corp on which some are nice and actually help, others just want veterans players. So if you dont know javascript and want a more playable game get something else. Trust me, this game multiplayer is garbage."
76561197984795005,Not Recommended,469920,25961325,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,thejmags,"I really want to like this game, but the initial money-gathering so you can start for real, along with the incredibly tedious hardline, which you have to enter in order to test scripts for breaking open NPC accounts, puts the promise of a game where you can write programs to explore the world on the other side of the sort of repetitive activity that we write programs in order to avoid."
,Recommended,469920,30051589,Posted: 19 February,all,(λ)Zeehhhh,"It got stale pretty fast for me, but it's still fun."
,Recommended,469920,25977877,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Zan,great music. fun tutorial. game really makes you think
,Not Recommended,469920,25869037,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,zeeb,"This game is a great piece but it lacks replayability.The problems I've encountered as most game breaking is the ""Player Market"" which removes the need of trust and distrust.People able to broadcast their scripts in scripts.fullsec etc since the scripts become way to easy to access it takes away the need to actually socialize and learn who to trust by actually getting f*cked once in a while.The biggest issue I have with the current game is actually the ""script yourself"" part;A non-programmer can never win this game, if you lack Javascript knowledge, you will simply never become a legend.Which is a huge gamebuster for me personally, since I'd have to spend time to learn Java to become someone in this game and I simply do not have the time to invest on that.I do not actually know how to rate this game, it is a great game with lots of potential, but at this current state I can not recommend it, I simply can not enjoy it to the fullest and the replayability isn't there for me."
76561198049386937,Recommended,469920,25661729,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Prudentia,"This game is like all those old dreams of the cyberspace from Shadowrun and similar Cyberpunk universes. the tutorial already teaches you the basics of betrayel and subterfuge and the online part will quickly teach you the rest. trust noone. especially not @vthe game uses a classic command console interface, where you'll spend a lot of time copy pasting and brute forcing security systems and trying to figure out how to break them is highly enjoyable. in cases where you get stuck the community is instantly helpful and will give you a few pointers on how to solve most problems. ofcourse they also want all your money so never execute any of the scripts they recommend you.... they really are evil.The server issues at launch have mostly been resolved now almost a day later, just the chat has a few lagspikes every now and then.all in all, if you ever had any interest in any cyberpunk universe and like puzzling or coding (no requirement of both at the same time) then this is a game for you"
76561197993276355,Recommended,469920,25694943,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,D3m0ni,"This game has great amounts of potential. It hits those same buttons that UpLink and HackerEvolution did. It nails it right on the head! Since it is a solo-developed game, I know getting the right kind of servers in the right places may hinder the first few weeks, but after these kinks get fixed, this game /will/ be worth it. The developer is kind enough to keep everyone up to date on all the things he's /actively doing/ to fix these issues, and I honestly can't say the same of most of the bigger publishers' games. As soon as the issues are fixed, absolutely buy this game!"
76561197974526968,Recommended,469920,25706184,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Snowy Duck,"Well I'm 5 hours in and I think I've figured out what to do - for the pve environment.If you like puzzles and riddles. You'll like this game. It's a puzzle, within a riddle, within an enigma, all seen from the perspective of an a.i. interacting with other a.i. through programming.And I haven't even tried interacting with other real people yet.You don't need to know any particular language, but if you have experience it'll help you figure out whats going on."
,Recommended,469920,25650527,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dr. Citan Uzuki,"I am finding this game charming as can be.  I am really enjoying how this game feels and is bringing back some memories from decades past.  If you've ever enjoyed a MUD or telnet game before, I think this is worth giving a try."
,Recommended,469920,25686247,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Smiler,"This is officially the best hacking game out there. It's a solo developer, so give him a break over the server issues."
,Recommended,469920,25678665,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Mark Winburn,"It's really, really, really good. There are server issues right now but it's day 2 of an indie game release. The server capacity has increased 600% since yesterday, so keep that in mind.It's seriously fantastic. I left the tutorial and browsed through the public, player-made scripts. I found one called ""interesting channels"" and booted it up. One channel, ""TheWhizzardsTower"", caught my eye, as it was labelled ""helpful advice"". I joined and a player named Whizzard greeted me, asking if I sought Gold or Influence. His hints were useful but also vague enough that I got the satisfaction of figuring it out for myself.This is a deeply social, communal game with a lot of cerebral mechanics behind it. You can literally rob people for all they're worth, sell your coding skills, use social engineering and even make text adventures. If you can learn javascript, you can do some really crazy things in here.First review I've ever written, because this deserves it. Do it."
,Recommended,469920,34987414,Posted: 15 September,all,Matrix30815,"I love this game. My biggest Recommendation is Go through the tutorial in game, it will make sense after when you hit the MUD!!!!"
,Recommended,469920,25695124,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Swipe - #goolag,*** YOU HAVE PAID THE TYPO TAX ***Not for the faint of heart but it's a pretty interesting puzzle. The multiplayer makes things even better. You can ask for help on the chat but really I can't seem to trust anybody in there.They're all in there for that money.They're all in there until you fall for that typo tax.
,Recommended,469920,25673066,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,#StopCiaran,servers ♥♥♥♥ed atm but single player still going
,Recommended,469920,25694859,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SPACE CHICKEN,*i'll change my review after i finish the tutorial and play few hour of multiplayer --hopefully*it's really damn hard game and i'm still in very end of the tutorial.if you like very hard puzzle solving and IT stuffs i would recommandotherwise don't pick the game.
,Not Recommended,469920,33915429,Posted: 30 July,all,TopJimmies,Took 5 hours to get to the multiplayer portion just to find that it's unplayable. All the high tier players already have scripts that farm all the money in the game.
,Recommended,469920,32118333,Posted: 1 June,all,☺C0MB4T☺,hack mud is an amazing game and has a great discord community so many helpful and fun people to play with and there is always someone playing and on discord now that being said if your willing to learn coding and love the thought of coding and scripting/programming then get this game but if you hav a doubt about wanting to learn things like this do not get it however this game IS AMAZING and i love playing it it is a must have
,Recommended,469920,25642389,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Conboy137,"Its a great game, servers are a little messed up just now but that will probably be fixed"
,Recommended,469920,32274268,Posted: 8 June,all,BenjaminGordonT,Why should you buy this game?http://i.imgur.com/5kfYBcm.png
76561198042603695,Recommended,469920,25837718,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Edge of Orbos,"At first my experience was very frustrating. The game was stuck in fullscreen on a monitor that I did not want it on and the suggestions provided did not work. Eventually I found the config file and was able to override the settings to ones that worked for me.Getting through the tutorial is tough, The game does not hold your hand, It is quite overwhelming and difficult at first. Then you start figuring out how to progress and you are met with numerous puzzles to solve, Some even of your own creation. If you do not like how things work then you can change it to be easy."
76561198333559522,Recommended,469920,33466815,Posted: 11 July,all,mindovermetal,see hours
76561198006376629,Not Recommended,469920,25697878,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,kiljoy001,"When I first started this game, it seemed to be intriguing and a lot of fun - getting out the vLAN was a good challenge, and entertaining. Now that i've gotten out, the game seems to be nothing more than a glorified chat room. I've tried for hours for the last several days to try to get somekind of money and I'm just not interested enough to program some script to run through text . I'm really disapointed because the game seems to teach you to look for color coded hints and when you finally get past the tutorial it stops doing that, so I'm very lost and there are not many helpful people to tell you how to play the game.Just a huge waste of 20 bucks."
,Recommended,469920,25646289,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,RaelonMasters,"I have never written a review for any game, nor have I bought a game on its release date. Not even Arma held enough interest for me to do so.H A C K M U D however is one of those games that offers a truly different sandbox experience. If you're a programmer, have ever wanted to take up programming but never had a purpose to then this game is for you.It should be noted that you do not need to have any programming experience to start playing this game and have a good time. It undoubtedly helps though.I only learned about this game ~ 36 hrs  before its release, since that time i began to follow it closely stalking the forums, following the developer on twitter, and attempting to consume as much information about it as possible. Since i began playing ~12hrs after launch I have had a genuinely fun experience. As i write this I have only just now entered the game proper. (Having passed the tutorial level only a short time ago.) Don't be intimidated by that as during the time I was in the tutorial mode (vLAN as its known in the H A C K M U D world) I involved myself in helping others, identifying a few bugs and reporting them to the developer.The developer (seanmakesgames) has been extremely helpful in ironing out launch day bugs and providing a helping hand to those in the community.How's the community you may ask? Its excellent. Beyond excellent even. Have a question about game mechanics? ask it on the forums, the steam discussion boards, or even in game and theres sure to be someone ready to help you out at a moments notice.My first experience in the game world one of the products beta testers recognized me from the forums and greeted me immediately, and its not just me being greeted, he's (dtr) greeting every newcomer as they emerge from the vLAN and offering a helpful hand.Well friends its time for me to get back into the game look me up sometime @th3r00t. See you in there!"
76561197964096634,Not Recommended,469920,25655970,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Zothen,"{Disclaimer: Early review, hampered by severe bugs and server issues, will update with changes/patches.}TL;DR: The game is currently unplayable and was definatly released witout proper testing. The online server cant handle the players. I strongly suggest not to buy the game until this is sorted out. (And to be honest thats nothing a single coder will solve in just a few days!)Maybe theres an interesting game below the surface. I dont know. I cant know.Hackmud is an online-only game and the dev is currently not capable to provide a working server for his game at launch.Edit:2:The broken server is a big mistake that should have been solved before release. The server doest work and wasnt properly tested before launch. This was a failure made by the developer. Happens. Shouldnt happen. No offense or blame to Sean here, just stating the facts.However Ive decided to request a refund because the game is unplayable and was clearly not ready for release. Will it be a cool game when the issues are solved? Maybe. No clue.Edit1: The dev patched some stuff and the server runs way better now. Still its often too laggy to recognize your commands within the 5-sec allowance until it rejects your input. Not really acceptable.Also the game completly crashed my PC multiple times (freeze/lockup with hard reset needed).That was solved after the patch yesterday. Today my game crashs my PC again and its 100% reproducable when I try to alt-tab out of the game (worked flawless yesterday).So far nobody else replied this issue. My PC never locked up before and its only with this game.The dev is actively working on the game but this rocky launch after 2yrs+ development speaks for itself.In my opinion you better stay away from this for a while until you see a clear notice that the severe issues a solved properly!"
76561198011806848,Not Recommended,469920,25761249,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Aadeptus,"Wanted to like this game sooooooo much.. Finally finished the really long tutorial to make it to the main game 0000...There is nothing to do.. The dev did not anticipate so many people playing.. Imagine you playing WoW or other mmorpg.. and there was no NPC's... zero NPCs... Anywhere... You cant grind, you cant level.. the system is bad....Pretty much the best hacking game ever.. but the system just does not work whtsoever .. I simply cannot recommend"
76561197968589305,Recommended,469920,27248435,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Soondead,"I hated this game with a passion the first 3 days after struggling for hours to get through the tutorial that doesn't actually explain anything. There is no learning curve, instead there's a black, seemingly inpenetrable wall of frustration. One month later I've probably spent more hours in this game than any other in my library. Why? Because the community, while not huge, is remarkably friendly for a game that's essentially about screwing with each other and scripting while you do it. If only the tutorial would show what a gem this is, I bet more people would play."
76561197967061182,Not Recommended,469920,26695677,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Turbo Nerd,I had high hopes. I tend to really like games in this vein.It's just not fun.
,Recommended,469920,26619749,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Fugos,"Great puzzle game with good atmosphere, especially if you know how to code!"
76561198335302985,Recommended,469920,28452408,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,chemicalcomfort,It's pretty fun.  Dev is trying to make it better.  Still needs work but it's getting there.
76561198207437520,Recommended,469920,25732403,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ocelot,419 Fraud Simulator/10would watch newfriends get fleeced immediately upon completing the tutorial all day every day
,Recommended,469920,25648680,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Syonfox,"Owned it for 9h's , played it for 9h's its now 5 in the morning enough said"
,Recommended,469920,28524231,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Midataur,RIP pay.pal
,Recommended,469920,28950868,Posted: 2 January,all,shadow absorber,realy good hacking game and one of the few on steam. to bad you cant buy the soundtrack on steam!edit: you can get the soundtrack here on bandcamp:https://radicaldreamland.bandcamp.com/album/hackmud-original-soundtrackthx to Ciastex for telling me!
,Recommended,469920,26581462,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,A$$ MAGE,>Struggled 3-4 hrs with tutorial>Go online>Start getting cash>Look for npc's to get their cash>Run the wrong script>Money stolen11/10 would kill my neurons again
,Recommended,469920,25699343,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,#DividedKingdom-{T-T-M-D}-,A lot of people may say this game is terrible because of the server issues I disagree for the following reasons1) The developer is working very hard to improve the servers so it will only be temporary2) I actually thought for a bit that the errors were fake in-game errors that made it look even more like the 90's (error prone)3) because of the temporary server lag it will make the game more challenging which is also niceAnd this is an excellent game (if it wasn’t nobody would have bought it and it wouldn't have server issues).Lastly if you are still worried about the server then just wait until it is fixed.
,Not Recommended,469920,25676470,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Chon9,"Still experiencing with the single player part of the game and it is great as a text puzzle solving game, but too bad but it has major server problems at the moment and it made the game unplayable.:::TRUST COMMUNICATION::: The Multi User Domain is temporarily unavailiableNot recommended due to this, will changed once the server problems fixed."
,Recommended,469920,26996835,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Entree 3000,"Great new concept, but extremely hard to get into.  It helps to have friends that play.  This game is really not for everyone, but if you're intrigued by hacking and working with code then this game might be for you.  Its refreshing to play a game that doesn;t hold your hand and requires you to work with other people.  There are a number of ""plots"" beneath the surface of this game, and working together with the community has been fun in trying to crack the codes of these plots."
,Not Recommended,469920,26505606,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,KKK Grand Wizard,Overpriced and boring.
,Recommended,469920,26190631,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,✪ Smurf,real good 10/10
76561198076365950,Recommended,469920,25697513,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,teoteul,"I recommend this game.You can-in a hacker voice, safely say *I'm in* to yourself-steal virtual monies from virtual peoples, or steal virtual monies from real people-see *TRUST COMMUNICATION: THE MULTI USER DOMAIN IS TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE* appear in your vision at least 30 times a minute-unlock locks ez-ly-become frustrated with the tutorial-steal monies, and feel invincible, then realize the top guy has over 1000 times your monies-get money stolen by mallory-steal money from mallory-pass the FIREWALLThis game is one of the buggiest, quirkiest, and niche games I've ever played.One another, completely different topic, I think I've found my niche game."
,Recommended,469920,25659827,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,銘,"Very nice game to pass the time with. It has an interesting concept behind it, with hacking in a living mmo world of players and in itself very aesthetically pleasing. One of the things i particularily find amusing is the fact that you can't search the game on the steam store unless you type in the name with full width character symbols."
,Recommended,469920,31713267,Posted: 12 May,all,Optiacku,Amazing. Great vibes.
,Recommended,469920,33012245,Posted: 29 June,all,serioushamburger,Break through the wall. Im giving out hamburgers on the other side
,Recommended,469920,28039479,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,iSpithash,"Just bought this game, tutorial messed with my brain already."
76561198256103687,Recommended,469920,25941870,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Antoniax,it makes you feel like your a real hacker
,Recommended,469920,25709314,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,rip,kernel.hardline
76561198340982981,Recommended,469920,28208934,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Isotorp,"So good I bought a second copy, 10/10"
,Recommended,469920,32043110,Posted: 29 May,all,[IFN] Wu Shang [TM],"Game is insanely fun, extremely addictive. The puzzles are insanely hard and hard to stop trying to solve. Community is good for the most part, however its extremely easy to get banned from both the unofficial discord and in game. (Saying things like gay or ♥♥♥♥♥ get you banned. That should change once the game gets bigger and it starts using a report system.)"
76561198031415055,Recommended,469920,26143920,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,bazzerbazzer,"First off, I'm not a programmer (other than a bit of Javascript some years ago), so don't think you need to be one to enjoy this great game.  Second off, I'm not a Review writer either . . so the mere fact you are reading this says something:)I found the learning curve fairly brain crunching during the Tutorial (NB: which you need to complete before you can join the multi-player MUD itself) and once you're out of the tutorial I'd say the learning curve is almost infinite depending on what you want to achieve, although the game is cleverly structured so you can go at your own pace and not get bored or stuck in the mud (pun intended!).It's one of the very few game's I've played every day since it was launched and I learn something new each day, either in game or in the various forums around (e.g. Discord, Reddit and the Hackmud website).  I don't think I will ever 'finish' the game because it's so vast (even in its early development stages) and I think this is part of the draw of the game : always something more to do or learn.My advice to any new players?  (1) Don't give up during the Tutorial - help is about for ANY problem you might get stuck on, (2)  Don't be afraid to ask questions, (3)  Always check that the scripts you find in game are safe to run (4) be very, very, careful of typo's - one mistake and you could be back to zero game credits in your account!, (5) don't worry if you can't write your own scripts or don't understand Javascript.  . . you will do just fine using the in game scripts you can get/buy/trade.For 13 bucks or so, this game is a bargain if you want a challenge and like learning as you go along.  Oh . .  and the folks in game aren't all devious hacker types waiting to pounce on you!  There are lots of people in game that will help you and even provide free utilities to make yourself some money, etc..  That said, don't expect a risk free ride.See you on the Mudslide!"
76561198110809715,Not Recommended,469920,26714059,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,[DFS] [GmT] trollbreeder,Two words: Its dead.The game is dead. I have already used the suicide booth server.There is nothing for you to do. DO NOT BUY.
,Recommended,469920,25733518,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ned Slark,If you like memes and edgeness. hack away.
,Not Recommended,469920,34771222,Posted: 6 September,all,please stop lewding tails,>The script ran for more than 8 seconds and was terminated. Please contact support.O K
,Recommended,469920,26482603,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Corsair The Dragon,"h a c k m u d is fun and, in my honest opinion, challenging to ""traverse"" as the game challenges you with a realistic hacking environment where you need to take the time to learn about who or whatever you might be hacking into. Being ill-equipped will result in failure, or worse, getting hacked yourself... Exercise caution and be sure to give it your all in this hacking simulator!"
,Recommended,469920,26462124,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Concavebark,"Amazing game that I can put down for a couple of seconds but i have to come back to, usually if i'm not playing the game, I'm making a script for it. 10/10 -IG F***ing N, Buy this game now!!!It's Great Game"
76561198051894235,Recommended,469920,26523311,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DJ Killa,"When I first started, I was brought to puzzles that introduced coding to me. I started getting the hang of it. Spent a good few hours beating the single player. I was pretty confident until I found so many scams I fell into when I was intriduced to multiplayer. I thought I could get passed without knowing how to script. All was smooth until I was tier 2. I soon realized I needed to learn. I spent a couple hours studying and getting really helpful information from the 7001 chat on the discord app. Now I know how to do some of the basics like creating my own cracker, stealing money, and going as far as getting someones loc. I highly enjoy this game and also greatly recommend it to whoever is just started coding or even to the most experienced to give it a try. With all of this said, Thank you Sean, for creating a wonderful game."
,Recommended,469920,26493467,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Wi11owwo1f,"A very niche game, it's best if you know that going in.  The tutorial shows you the basics, but you're mostly on your own for the rest of the game.  Eavesdrop on people helping newbs in channel 0000 for help, visit some Hackmud forums, and learn to use your scripts.get_level on everything.  Very puzzle based hacking will make you feel l33t.  Also, the community is generally very polite, but is constantly trying to screw one another over.  It's a very, very fun game that I'd recommend to anyone who's wanted to be Neo."
,Recommended,469920,25655544,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,d3kr,"Even in the first hour and a half, this is the best hacking game I have ever played."
76561197972144448,Recommended,469920,25655896,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bubbafish,"Fun, but the server timeouts are way way too prevalent."
,Recommended,469920,25684839,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Smo Huffmister,"Really enjoying this game. 3 hours in and still haven't escaped the vLAN... Got stuck like 3 times so far, and the answers were always right infront of me. Read carefully! Can't wait to try the MMO side of this.The Bad: Ok, this game needs to communicate to the servers, and the servers... well, they are not doing so great atm. But, I really believe we should give the devs a break, this response was not expected, and im sure that they will fix the server issues with our support."
,Recommended,469920,25659345,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Mushin0,Servers have been a bit spotty but maybe was being DOS'd.Really amazing game. Basically multiplayer competitive coding game. If you like programming it's a must buy.
76561198332305025,Recommended,469920,25659564,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,steemb0y666,It's fun :D
,Recommended,469920,25658146,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,HAIL SATAN,"I am too dumb to play this game, but let me tell you, I enjoy the hell out of it. It's a creepy dystopian hacker game, and it has multiplayer aspects to it, but I don't know when or if I'll ever get there. Be prepared to solve puzzles."
76561198042889241,Recommended,469920,25803586,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,WavyFam,"This will be bigger than 9gag, memecenter and all other meme sites.Single-player or tutorial how you want to call it. It is very informative just don't Overthinking puzzles, there is no need to know jr ofc if you know jr you can make your own scripts, but that is when you get out of the vLan.Players of Hackmud are friendly. One guy hacked my user, then after 5min he taught me how to upload and make scripts.Only problem this game has is, new players can't get GC(money) npc's accounts die really fast. And need to change chat_channel, new player all they see in chat 0000 is harambe, taco guy, Linux penguin, doge. It is very confusing.Game is 11/9 or 4/20, rip/harambe"
76561198015335505,Not Recommended,469920,26255003,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DuckBoy,Idea is awesome.Sandbox is boring.
76561197991626829,Not Recommended,469920,25811096,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SQLOwns,"*Not sure why so many people are thumbs downing my review.  The fanboism is strong, lol.As promised, I will update my review.  The issue with T1 NPCs not spawning appears to have been fixed.  I still do not recommend the game, as I feel there are still too many features missing for the $13 price tag.  However, if you like hacking sims and can get the game on sale it may be worth it.As others have mentioned.  At the time of writing this (10/1/16), the game is basically a $13 chat client with some scrpting capability.  It's like a mediocre version of one of those text games you play while watching streamers on Twitch.Even if you manage to overlook the sometimes buggy, semi-responsive terminal where players spend most of their time, the game still falls short.  The main game breaking issue that still pursists is the spawning (or lack there of) for T1 NPCs.  Which as far as I know, has yet to be acknowledged by the dev.  Translation, new players cannot level up and so cannot progress in the game. i.e. purchase upgrades, upload scripts, or do anything really (view other reviews for more details). They can however, join chat rooms.I do feel this game has potential, but until this specific, obvious flaw is resolved, and exploiters punished or victims rewarded, I simply cannot recommend this game in good conscience.I will update this review if anything changes."
,Not Recommended,469920,26588218,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,s⛧LA #KILL YOUR$ELF,"Really crap.The singleplayer was good, once you're into multiplayer everything is so overwhelming, u have no idea what to do, scripts uploading doesnt work for me, ....you can't even press tab to automaticly fullfill the word or something, neither you can actually write normal, you always have for example if you want to type ""hi"" 200 characters to be a ble to chat.So i wanted to script that (i know ♥♥♥♥ing Jscript) and the ♥♥♥♥ didn't worked, even let experienced players look over it...Trash, sry."
,Not Recommended,469920,26437437,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,⊰ ｘａｏｔｉｃ ⊱,"Very costy for this game.Altough the general Idea is great, theres still A LOT to improve.Downvote because this isn't marked as early alpha or anything, will change when features improve.Latency is way too high.Everything feels very limited.Everything feels very slow.You don't feel like you're hacking.There is no real goal in this game.For now it is not worth it, not for a meme."
,Recommended,469920,28224839,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Zain,A very good game with a good community to be a pard of
,Not Recommended,469920,25758901,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,i208khonsu,"The game's tutorial does a very poor and incomplete job of teaching you how to play.The community doesn't to much better, but at least there's b.faqThere are also limited resources in the game which get claimed very quickly after they refresh every day.I love what the game's going for here, but it needs a lot of love to facilitate the volume of players trying to play it. At least the servers are now stable."
,Recommended,469920,25643386,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,MadCast: JigglesTheFett,It's like Uplink and DekuMUD had a baby and that baby was the most badass baby ever. 10/10 would accidentally run script that sends all my money to someone else again.
,Not Recommended,469920,25699217,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mango,"As an information security professional for a Fortune 500 company, I tend to thoroughly enjoy games like Hacknet, Uplink, etc. When I saw this game I was immediately interested, so I picked it up after reading some pretty glowing reviews.Unfortunately, I discovered that it reminds me too much of my actual job, and that's not what I needed. I was hoping for a game that felt a bit more like other similar ""games"", and hackmud is a bit too far a departure from that.In addition, the tutorial was pretty infurating and incredibly vague. Ambiguity is the enemy in the real world, so I struggle when a game designed after the real world has a tutorial full of ambiguity.It does have full Javascript support, which is pretty cool for a game, but based solely on the fact that this game reminds me of actual work, I can't recommend it.That being said, I would give it a definite recommend for anyone who isn't actually in the information security industry (and probably who isn't a programmer). Great ideas, just kind of missed the mark for me."
76561197975341760,Recommended,469920,25642118,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Cool Chris,I played about 5 minutes of this game and already know I love it.  It feels almost like you are really hacking.  If you have the urge to fool around and learn stuff about computer systems buy it now!
,Recommended,469920,25650364,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,[ZHRINK],So far very enjoyable. Just wish they wouldnt use l33t ever.
76561198121729435,Not Recommended,469920,25659090,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ilikeike99,Ok so basically I promise to give this game a positive review if they fix the bug that can get you stuck in the tutorial indefenitely if you do things in the wrong order. I actually couldn't even run the shutdown script because I hadn't finished the tutorial.
,Not Recommended,469920,25844107,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Apathy,"I was hoping this would be a multiplayer successor to Uplink, but unfortunately, it isn't.It doesn't even have consistent gameplay.  It feels very unfinished, or rather, taped together.The singleplayer part of it is frustrating on its own - with conflicting information in tutorials, and a long drawn out campaign.Then you get into the MUD part of it, and you find out: the tutorial you spent hours in is useless in context to multiplayer almost entirely.All the low level NPC's that new players need access to are constantly farmed out. All the game is, is random scripts. ""Word.word.""  ""Thiscould.beanything.""  So you spend hours just typing mush into the terminal, and doing the same tasks over and over again.For comparison sake, its still crazy to compare this game to Uplink. Uplink, while based in the dial up days, still has a crap ton more features, is non-linear, has a competent tutorial, and has a full story.  I realize it may have had a bigger team, and it lacks the multiplayer component, but it's still the premiere hacking game. Dev's of this genre would do well to pay attention to it.  You can rob banks, falsify ID's, steal files, all while repainting the logs to make it look like someone else did it... THAT IS HACKING.Hackmud just has a long way to go. Right now its just a ball of mush. It has no composition. If the dev can't keep up with the demand, they should open it up to mods, or user created content. I'm not sure what they were going for with this ""hacking simulator.""  It's a Run CMD simulator - thats about it."
,Not Recommended,469920,25829288,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Seanzor,Encourages horrible coding habits; all of your progress can be wiped out by a one-character typo.
76561198068076924,Recommended,469920,29379972,Posted: 20 January,all,Pieman,"hackmud is the only game you will ever play that will make you feel like an actual hacker. Any other so-called ""hacking simulator"" is just not as good. Get this game."
76561197995215274,Recommended,469920,25700937,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,LS,"Hackmud has attained the holy trinity of Indy games.It's new-ish enough idea-wise without being too off the cuff.It's stable enough(now) to support the playerbase.It's dev is friendly and approachable.The game is interesting, and while it most definately has it's flaws, I believe it will outgrow many of them."
,Recommended,469920,25735849,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Shippage,It's like HackNet but with a MMO endgame. Very fun!
,Recommended,469920,29479225,Posted: 25 January,all,newcoderlife,This is a very good game.It is almost real.
,Recommended,469920,25643887,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,NOPper,"Despite some first day success server fun, this has been a great way to spend a sick day!Finally out of the vLAN tutorial area after about 4-5 hours of poking around, and just getting my feet wet on hacking NPC servers and interacting with the community. Which BTW is super friendly at this point.If you like games in the genre, this is spectacular so far. Looking forward to digging further into this!"
,Recommended,469920,25643891,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,gerryatlwu,So far I am really liking this game. I am enjoying the pseudo-coding the game requires and the logic puzzles that are present. The interface is minimalistic which fits the genre and it seems just retro-futuristic-cyberpunk enough to keep me engaged.The developers are also very quick to respond when you have issues and the one issue I had was solved very quickly.Definitely check this game out if you have a chance!
,Recommended,469920,25700022,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,.: ouija :.,"Pretty cool game, so far...just can't get out of the tutorial due to server being unavailable."
76561198077346609,Not Recommended,469920,26300204,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Double-Cross Irony,"This game is way too hard, when a decently experienced JavaScript such as myself can't get past the tutorial. I ran out of money, all the loundering accounts are gone. Whoopedy doo, what now? Nothing. There was nothing I could do but restart. That is bad game design. Don't chase me into a corner and give me no chance of escape. It's crude, and mean. Wouldn't reccomend to a friend."
,Not Recommended,469920,26575098,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,"I'm in awe of how terrible this is. I refuse to get past all the monkey say monkey do crap in the beginning.It's not story, it's not a tutorial, it's just incredibly ♥♥♥♥ing boring. I'm insulted. Refunding now."
,Recommended,469920,25733690,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Aorek,Pretty Sick game
76561198085734035,Recommended,469920,25655439,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Marlon,"Good hacking game, but play hacknet first to get a feel for them."
76561198039473236,Recommended,469920,25688295,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,CapN DvS,"Baught it, played it, loving it so much I had to buy it again on a seperate account! OHHH lawdy the addiction begins."
,Recommended,469920,32604353,Posted: 20 June,all,Gunnii,"A complicated version of hacknet, really good when you get the hang of it.Overall I give this game a solid 8.5/10."
,Not Recommended,469920,25922824,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,fef,"This game is a hacking simulator, in which you must first do a tutorial, twice, mind you. The tutorial can easily eat up the two hour refund time, so beware.This game's 'hacks' or 'problems' have some patterns players will start to notice after a while, and with more experience comes more ways to handle the problems with scripts and things of the sort. In my personal experience, it very quickly became mundane and repetitive, worth a shot to try, but has no real redeeming qualities.I do not recommend it simply because it is so mundane and repetitive, with nothing unique to really experience after about 5 hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,469920,25794978,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Aldriche,"It's okay, but not really that great. I actually refunded this. There are better, free MUD's out there. Just goolge them."
76561198121985590,Not Recommended,469920,25680149,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,punkb0y497,the game doesnt display
,Recommended,469920,25644222,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,LCB DOING MARKET RESERACH,Five hour entry to barrier to getting into the game proper.   Seems legit.
,Recommended,469920,26048005,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,EpicDodo,"This is an absolutely amazing game.It's not so much a ""game"" as an entire digital world in it's own right.Economies and businesses are established and run under,scams and backstabbing and laundering are all abundant,and then there are the players, who are simply fighting for survival.IF YOU BUY THIS GAME, BE PREPARED TO LEARNYou can come in this game with no experience and learn as you go,but do not give this game a bad review if you cannot be bothered to learn.100/10"
76561198002811014,Not Recommended,469920,25845041,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Viryl,"This isn't a game about hacking. This is a game about creating scripts. If you're looking for a Hacknet successor, this isn't it."
,Recommended,469920,25640788,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,bolobz,"I bought this game without realizing it came out today, and without mentioning the error spam in the chat, it looks very interesting and i will probably play more. Try and fix that error spam devs."
,Recommended,469920,25702456,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Blighted,Very good game! I can't rate highly enough
,Not Recommended,469920,25731023,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,RRIioot,"First of all, I am a begginer on programming, still learning Python and Java, as well trying Linux. So i don't really know any real life hacking skills. I don't know how real life hacking is done, and in the game i only got to solved the 3 accounts you got so far in the game. I am not an american and English is not my navtive language, but really?I was stuck on guess the password for helphack or something, the hint was blue, and the answer is ""sky"", I tried ""value"" which is shown blue in the game, as well that angie metioned the color of it in the channel, which i thought is the right answer. But it is wrong and i have to google the answer. I told myself is okay, i probably need to guess once in this game.Then i got to guess the password for the roster, and my god! I have to guess again, and the hint is ""famous four legged butt-sniffer"" which I have no clue what the ♥♥♥♥ it is and i can not really related it to anything. So i google the answer and pass this.Then, for the 3 accounts, they usually is something like ""unlock"",""release"",""open"" for the pass command, which is told by angie, which is great bc there is no any help before i got this far. I try these 3 commands and happily open 2 of them, and I found myself stuck on here bc i don't know and can't think of anything for the pass command for the last one, and there is nothing show in the channel or whatever to help me. Thats when i decided to refund this game.I wish they can fix this part so many people like me can play it nicely. But so far, do buy it."
,Recommended,469920,25644469,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Fexel,T H I S   G A M E   R E Q U I R E S   S E N T I E N C E .
,Not Recommended,469920,25711704,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Futaba Sakura,Give this game a miss until the server issues are fixed.
,Not Recommended,469920,31270524,Posted: 21 April,all,Dividesbyzer0,"Not enough people on. The npc t1 and t2s are always empty, there is no in game currency to find. It's a dry well and a dying game. Plus its all javascript and was fun at first but it's too single focused on using scripts and not enough ways to attack target users. It's more like a fishing game than anything else.I'd prefer if hacknet was an mmo."
,Not Recommended,469920,28656911,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ravioli Chef,this never goes on sale. the game works and is difficult. i got bored of it first day
76561198136340095,Not Recommended,469920,30373805,Posted: 7 March,all,:D,"I played this game a while ago, it was interesting for a while. Recently one weekend i thought i would play this again, but the game doesn't work anymore... it requires opengl 3.2 to run.(i have opengl 2.1 and it worked before).Apparently a text based game(rendering glyphs) and few animations requires more modern graphics capabilites than popular games like isaac and enter the gungeon (other games that i play sometimes).The dev told me to buy a new computer... sure.EDIT: people commenting on every computer supporting opengl 3... you know i would have refunded the game, if it didn't work on a computer that i would be playing on time to time. Dev randomly decided that it is time to upgrade the game engine he was using for whatever reason. And no i am not going to buy a new laptop because i don't need opengl 3 for my usecase. (my thinkpad is rock solid thanks)"
,Not Recommended,469920,25661152,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,AholicKnight,This game is hard as balls if you make one mistake you restart. Make it easyier!
,Not Recommended,469920,25643479,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Bible-Bashing Robot Assassin,"The game doesn't work. Server problems.Why does the single player portion of a text based game both run poorly, and require a connection to the internet?I personally ran and coded muds based some of the popular codebases of the 90's and to see a somewhat interesting game fail to handle approximately 300 concurrent users is a farce."
,Not Recommended,469920,30759708,Posted: 26 March,all,People's Republic of China,"This game sucks hard. The tutorial is boring and reptetive. It doesn't feel like a game and it doesnt allow you to have fun when you want to. I had to search various guides just to get through the TUTORIAL. Then, after the tutorial you're supposed to hack into the NPCs which doesnt work because once you spend 15 minutes getting the script to even begin hacking the damn thing you turn on the ""kernel.hardline"" mode to hack them and it just connects. In videos it gives other people money and makes the use passwords but I've tried for hours and not one has ever had a lock or anything, I just connect, and nothing happens."
,Not Recommended,469920,25642566,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,CompoundKhan,"I do not recommend this game, the tutorial would not work properly. It kept sending me back to the beginning after I'd complete step 3."
,Not Recommended,469920,25876976,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Donald's Trumps Left Nipple Hair,"Scam... makes itself seem like a fun, exciting MMO game during the 2-Hour tutorial(probably only that length because the dev knew people would want a refund once they realized it was nothing like the tutorial.)... when really, it's a boring piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥that gives you no way to even know what you're doing once you enter online mode. DO-NOT-BUY"
,Recommended,469920,29555948,Posted: 28 January,all,clone,"Very fun hacking game, even more so if you know how to program. Instead of just using game provided scripts you can make your own. You can make scripts to break npc locks, or you can make games, or news outlets or basicly what ever. You can also use other peoples code, but don't run them if you don't trust the person it's from."
76561197990748650,Recommended,469920,29517726,Posted: 27 January,all,Krall,"I like this game.I had to stop playing (time constraints and programming is an enjoyable time sink, for me). I really enjoyed the tutorial. It is basically getting you up to speed to play with others. It is also preventing people from jumping in to unfamiliar waters. If you are willing to do research (perhaps a lot) on how to program (javascript (and jquery, I think)), then you will probably do well.I really like the way they do updates...basically not saying what they are and let the player figure them out.I did not spend enough time researching the best means on how to overcome some of the obstacles (which I should have). I believe the best place to get help is on reddit. There are some posts (and google docs) that have some very generous tips.'Generous' because, at the end of the day, helping you is preventing someone else from getting ahead (this is a player-versus-player game).I only got to Tier 2 or three, by the way, so I am sure there is much more that could have been said. One day, I shall return!"
,Recommended,469920,25933245,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,TheBird956,10/10 This game has boobsDo b.oobs
,Recommended,469920,25910439,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Duck,Some vague leaps in logic but really cool stuff.
,Recommended,469920,25930254,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lexum,"Definitely Recomend to anyone who like Hacknet/uplink. its that, but multiplayer"
76561198002375127,Recommended,469920,25719796,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Thein,"Very fun game if you're at all interested in coding and/or hacking. It has quite a steep learning curve, but with the tutorial and the help of community made scripts, the game isn't too difficult to get into. Many of the negative reviews were given due to server issues, but the developer is doing his best to fix them. The servers have already improved drastically since I started playing yesterday."
,Recommended,469920,25678492,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Lion,"Do you like hacking? Political intrigue? Fantastic emergent storytelling? Then buy this game.Hackmud is an incredibly unique game the likes of which you won't find elsewhere. It's incredible simple, has a captivating world and stories that live within it, and gains a lot of milage out of clever player interactions. It has a bit of a learning curve, but no programming experience is necessary, and there's a friendly community if you really do get stuck.The game's player interactions are designed to encourage and reward cleverness, sneakiness, and political intrigue. If you've ever been interested in seeing what player drama/stories EVE Online is all about, check out this game instead. Everything in hackmud is designed around those ideas.The single player campaign lasts between 3-5 hours and can be skipped any time with a single command but, similar to Her Story, the overall puzzle involves figuring out what it is. That said, the campaign story is fairly interesting and worth your time. Unlike most ""tutorials,"" it's actually pretty dang fun, and could be a short game all its own.The only current issue with hackmud is that the (single solo) developer for the game is a bit overwhelmed with its popularity and is currently trying to upgrade and stablize the servers, which have occasional timeout errors. Luckily, the dev is making it his top priority, and he develops for this game full time, so it should hopefully be resolved soon."
,Recommended,469920,26078834,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Saturnus Rex,"First off, unless you have good problem solving skills, don't download this game. There is no hand holding in this. Secondly. This is an excelent game with tons of potential that will test your patience and suck you into its truly immersive world. There is almost to end to what you can do if you know how to use JavaScript."
,Recommended,469920,26044288,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Figgis,Give that fun TV hacker feeling
76561198119898517,Recommended,469920,26025322,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,adamcoolforever,"Haven't really played MMO's since ultima online.Only have a true beginner's programming experience.Have been playing this game almost nonstop since I got it.Today I spent hours playing the game, but mostly I was in Notepad++ trying to write a script to enter prime numbers into a particularly annoying lock, and another to just reduce the amount of typing you have to do to chat.I didn't have to do any of that of course.  There are plenty of free scripts available, written by fellow untrustworthy users.  But it was fun as a beginner to figure out some small problems on my own and execute them.there's a huge barrier to entry even to get through the tutorial, but if you think you want to and might be able to, there's some good times on the other side."
76561198009929918,Recommended,469920,25991337,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Xandalis,Staring at a text console has never been so fun.update: 161013.2230Still fun. And I'm slowly picking up the foundations of JS. But one thing to remember: in risk we trust is more than just the subtitle...
76561198107360022,Recommended,469920,26193750,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Gin,"Look, I know from recent reviews, you may be thinking ""Wow, this game is already trash""Well.I thought that too.Until you actually start learning that most of the ""farmers"" have been crippled to compensate for new players to survive in vLAN. Being a begginer isn't so bad, only the learning curve is (if you're a true newbie).Get into the game, learn basic chats. scripts, ask for help any time.But again, you are against other sentiences, real people.You will have to trust your instincts... or RISK your progress.Try finding the discord if you are truly stuck, they will help you.Post MUDWAR-1 is a cool future.Join us.Games great, but needs UI tweaking! 9/10!"
76561198057155587,Recommended,469920,26241104,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jitzu,"whoa... mind blown. 8 hours in and I can tell I haven't even scratched the surface. Great game. Its made me walk away from the keyboard a few times though. It's certainly not an easy game. Would recommend to anyone that enjoys a challenge, and text based games. aka muds ;-)"
,Recommended,469920,26220649,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,PMC Nguyen,10/10would hack again
76561197966014543,Recommended,469920,26221189,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Fresh',"Fantastic game and great fun. I applause the developer of this game, especially consider he/she is solo!. Such a niche, I look forward to future games!."
76561198063897308,Recommended,469920,27540211,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,I like pizza,1337
,Recommended,469920,27785350,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mark,When you want to live the sentiment: Hack The World!
76561198037857046,Recommended,469920,27315119,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,IonTichy,"Has a lot of potential, first hacking game that allows you to actually hack."
,Recommended,469920,27413350,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Petrov,"3 hours in an tutorial complete, fun game enjoying it immensely"
,Recommended,469920,27288621,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Chaz,"This game has been really fun, the community has been pretty helpful, and I've even learned a little bit of javascript while tinkering about with making my own lock cracking scripts!The soundtrack is also really really awesome and I can't wait for it to be released so I can listen to the hardline music all day long."
76561198020106793,Recommended,469920,27342719,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gummsi,Absoloutely mind-blowingly good. It's cool and fun to play around with. It's very difficult to begin with but once you get the hang of it it's amazing.
,Recommended,469920,27841036,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sir Pencil,"autos.reset and scripts.trust are your only friends.That said, with all the filthy lucre you can stand to earn, you hardly need anyone else"
,Recommended,469920,27881145,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Errorz,"This game is MINDBLOWING. Anyone who says this game is only about passwords or codes or something like that clearly hasn't delved deep enough into this game, they haven't even begun to scratch the surface. The deeper you go, the more complex and ""dangerous"" it gets. The stuff that you can do, can have happen to you, and what comes out of this game is absolutely INSANE. Good if you're patient and willing to learn about how this gamereallyworks, bad if you're like some of the other reviewers who say that all they got to do was guess passwords and talk to NPCs. That's not what the game is AT ALL."
,Recommended,469920,27913463,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[a2m]T-Dawg,"I've never found a game that tried so hard to convince me it was something else.  Fascinating, but probably not for a lot of people.  Don't know how far I'll go down the rabit hole."
,Recommended,469920,25951967,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,NACK,Lots of neat stuff to find.  Game is always changing.
76561198134585935,Recommended,469920,26764140,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,andsothisiscatherine,"This game makes me feel like a hacker in a cheesy 1990s hacker film. And that's a good thing! I have very little coding experience so, after making it through the four hour tutorial (which must be among the best tutorials for a game I can think of), the PvP MUD on the other side is... baffling. It seems seedy. Despite (or perhaps because of) my confusion, the game is thrilling. I have spent my first hours cobbling together nonsense code and trawling for weird online casinos. Somehow the game has an incredible atmosphere! Even though I have no idea what is going on half of the time. The music and the gui play a big part in this. It's like I'm back in a BBS from the 1990s. Except now my head is full with dodgy phishing schemes and megalomaniacal plans about money laundering and burning exposed accounts.I've found it helpful to join the Reddit and Discord groups set up for ｈａｃｋｍｕｄ  - the online chat in the game is a bit sparse at the moment.A great game that will only improve as the community expands and more player content is added."
,Recommended,469920,27035475,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Myoron,"Very fun game if you're into programming. Highly interactive with other people, and can sharpen your programming skills (and internet smarts)."
,Recommended,469920,26878906,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sir. Lovi,Complicated at start.. But worth it~
,Recommended,469920,26350234,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,✪ moonchow.xyz,"10/10 made a script that took all the persons money, upgrades and their loc.#BestGame"
,Recommended,469920,26326885,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Monkey,Great text based mmo hacking simulator. Only con: in game coding is javascript based
,Recommended,469920,26590477,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,IHaveNoClueI,This game is awesome!Must have for a IT guy
,Recommended,469920,31812388,Posted: 17 May,all,Just Some Guy,"Hit or miss if you like it honestly. If you know Javascript then you can probably make some cool script that does something, otherwise you'll have to learn it but once you do, you have just learned a programming language and you actually have a use for it. Few problems but other reviews say it so i'll spare you the time. Only con for me is that the soundtrack is not included which i think it should be at that price. Although the sound track is amazing and worth whatever it is i think this game should compensate for it having not too much base content."
,Recommended,469920,31902909,Posted: 22 May,all,s1nk0,"I come from playing Uplink a lot, and this was a whole different kind of hacking game that I've come to expect. You actually need to know some programming and solve some actual riddles to get better in the game. If you don't know jack about Java, you can always run scripts other people made.Overall, I enjoyed my time with it. It's nice seeing more hacker games being developed. :)"
76561198022323538,Recommended,469920,32032717,Posted: 28 May,all,Gampoy,"not going to lie, this game is not for everyone.If you enjoy hacking, have interest or experience in programming (Javascript), puzzles or all of the mentioned, I can totally recommend this game."
,Recommended,469920,31775662,Posted: 15 May,all,Willster,"Honestly one of my favorite recent games.Sure it has its flaws but I've had a hell of a lot of fun messing around with friends trying to write scripts, solve puzzles, and hack enemies.If you ever wanted to learn to program but just never had a reason to learn, this game certainly gives you a reason to learn, with different problems you cna solve at every skill level.Even if you are a crap programmer like I am you can still find fun stuff to do. I make emoji ascii art for a living and its a hell of a lot of fun.Great game, good community, give it a shot."
,Recommended,469920,31775625,Posted: 15 May,all,DrPiggy,AMAZING GAME! buy it while its hot
,Not Recommended,469920,29255735,Posted: 14 January,all,wtfd00d,"This is not the spiritual successor to Uplink that we actually wanted.Of the 197 hours Steam says I've played, 99% of the time was spent not actually playing the game because bots and scripts did everything for me."
76561198022282211,Recommended,469920,33371611,Posted: 8 July,all,Sebbe,"High skillcap and steep learning curve if you know nothing about coding, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,469920,33295147,Posted: 5 July,all,Aretaic,"This game is really cool - I'd pick it up (regardless of the state of the multiplayer) if you are interested in learning programming language at any point, but haven't actually taken that leap to a learning course or trying to teach yourself.  Just getting through the tutorial without looking anything up has fullfilled any itch I had for problem solving and also served as a primer for beginning to learn Java proper, which I'm doing now.Besides that, the game is well built and has a good balance of cluing you in to what you need to be doing to advance through the tutorial/story without holding your hand too much.  Multiplayer is supremely interesting at first, but it seems to be in its later stages and thus is somewhat difficult to break into and do anything meaningful besides grind T1, maybe T2 NPCs.  Granted, you can store some of your progress on other users accounts and try riskier stuff, but check what some other players have said about the state of multiplayer if that's what you're into.I had a good time with the tutorial/story, it was worth what I paid for the game, easily.  I was more interested than I thought I'd be, and was pretty well locked in for 2-3 hours of casual problem solving.  Visuals and soundtrack are all totally appropriate for the context of the game and pretty good, although I think the ""hardline"" activation is a little cheesy.  You're given pretty open reign over the tools that you can access, and are occasionally rewarded with a snippet of flavor text whenever you creatively bump against the NPC logic as well as a percentage of how many other people have also bumped up against that same idea.  This encouraged me to try some out-of-the-box ideas to solve the various problems, an aspect of the problem solving in this game that I really liked.  The developer really put some extra effort into this section of the game!  The story was great, and is an awesome way to slide you into the real meat of the game - the multiplayer."
,Recommended,469920,33421849,Posted: 9 July,all,robflop,Great game in which you can (and should) program your way through different things you come along.
,Not Recommended,469920,25686454,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Retniwolf,"EDIT: My original review of the game was good, well that was before everything was ♥♥♥♥ed up literally no NPCS left for last three days and I am requesting a refund. Throughout my gameplay of this game the idea is very good one but as shown its only been a week and almost everyday I have had problems with the server, with currency, with crashes, etc... Most people you talk to ingame are not trust worthy either and noone works together as shown in tutorial. Heres the one that got me the most you cannot ADVANCE WITHOUT A QR READER well or money and nobody has any."
,Not Recommended,469920,25681588,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,SYI2k17,This game devolved quickly.  There is so much spam you can't find the actual npc location (primary method of advancement).  Little to nothing seems to be done about the most pressing issues.  Give this is a pass.
,Recommended,469920,25689087,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Ashtrayz,"Now that the server is stable I can say it's a great experience. Hackmud is a sandbox hacking mmo that puts you in a wide network with all the other players and a set amount of money in the game world, it's then up to you to steal your way to wealth. It has a standard RPG structure with levels and lloot rarity, the loot being upgrades that help you hacking/defending against hacks. But where the game gets really interesting is when you realise anyone can activate his own scripts, either to automatise some hacking procedure or to do something totaly different, like a gambling game for the players per example. Then you realise that most of what composes the game world is actually made by players, there's very, very little that the game offers by default. It's the most sandboxy sandbox that you could imagine. The community is extremely vivid, may it be to organize events, help newcomers, or steal your money through clever manipulation. I recommend it if you are a little bit familiar with a few notions of navigation through terminal because even if there's a complete tutorial the game won't hold your hand like say Hacknet"
76561198122720370,Not Recommended,469920,25744358,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,[N47] Nitron471,once you are past the tutorial there is no way to make money since all npc accounts are taken.
,Recommended,469920,25769288,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Chumprock,"The game is there, you just have to work on finding it.This is an amazingly enthralling text-based mmo if you are into hacking sim types of things. The tutorial is frustrating at times, but very fufilling when you figure out the challenges. However, after the tutorial you are thrown into a WAN with little information and a vague direction on where to go next. It's up to you to either figure out how to write your own scripts (in js, really), or take your chances on public ones of differing security levels.This is not a game where someone with a big exclamation mark over their head tells you what to do, you need to figure it out! I think this may lead to a lot of people (including myself, at first) to sit in the 0000 channel and just kind of stew, wondering what the hell you're supposed to do?You're supposed to figure it out. That's the nature of ""hacking"". the resources are around, you need to find them and work out how to exploit them for your gain.You may find a t1 harvester and get some GC that way, but did you buy this game to sit at a feeding trough? No, figure out a better way to collect that GC.My first few days, I was frustrated, then I figured out t1 locs.Somehow I got interested in figuring out what a t2 loc was, and through my own exploration and poking around (Hacking has two meanings, not just exploiting) figured out how to find those npcs. There was a lot of trial and error, and me even throwing a bung, but I eventually figured it out on my own with just a little google on the tough parts and that wasamazingly rewarding. I have also started writing my own scriptand made me feel like I actually accomplished something, even if its in a fictional game world.This is actually an amazing game with a huge potential in the long-term, but its easy to get short-sighted (as I did at first too!) and just think this is a glorified chat program with a bunch of spammy scammers. The content is there, and PvP is a thing if you want to go after players, but there is no ""manual"" to read and the entire point of the game is trying to ""figure it out"", so if problem solving and unique thinking are your thing then this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,469920,26371801,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,b0bje,"it was fun for a while; but at this point the game changes too much to call it finished.=> ie airgaps become vulnerable etc...Better spend you money on screeps if you are into programming games!(screeps also has a private server, so no need for expensive subscriptions)"
76561198001188557,Recommended,469920,25816789,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,332Balu,"First of all, i liked the concept of the game. The short single-player part (2hrs) was fun.  Some puzzles and scripting involved, other revies already covered this enough. But there is a big flaw in the game, which makes in unplayable for new players.In the multiplayer part, the overall money in the game is limited. It can be hacked from NPC's, which refresh every day. And exactly there is the problem. More experienced players are harvesting most of the NPC's right after the reset, which leaves almost no money for the newcomers. It turns into really tedious grinding just to get started. If you are in the wrong timezone, you won't have a chance, because you won't be online right after the reset.I really wanted to like this game, but progress is so slow, you are doing the same thing over and over again with no results.Don't get this game until these issues are adressed, but so far, no words from the dev.  I will change my recommendation once this issue is not game breaking any more.Update: The above mentioned issues seems to be fixed with the newest update. So i change my recommandation: If you like console based games, puzzles and a bit of interaction between players, and are not afraight of some headaches, then get this one."
,Recommended,469920,30012386,Posted: 18 February,all,UniverseSquared,"This game is great. I have played a few hacking simulators on steam, but this one is the best by a long shot. The hacking is overall better than other games' ""click a button, wait a few seconds, done"" in that this game has you complete mini puzzles. The scripting aspect of the game is amazing, you can make a script in Javascript and have other players use them. These scripts can do anything from letting a user chat with color in game to letting the user hack an npc (or player) automatically. The developer (seanmakesgames) is active in the discord and speaks to everyone there quite frequently.Overall, I would certainly recommend getting this game if you like hacking games."
76561198038406827,Recommended,469920,32207332,Posted: 5 June,all,Cursed Owen,"Hackmud serves well as a gentle introduction to JavaScript and a game that has introduced me to a wonderful community of players churning out new content every day. If you like subterfuge, puzzles and programmng you will like this game.Seriously though, this community is one of the most amazing I've ever joined. If you're considering this game still, head on over to the unofficial hackmud discord and chat to people in #noob_tips for 5 minutes."
,Recommended,469920,33031707,Posted: 30 June,all,1.Rabyte,"It's GREAT. The tutorial part is the place to be and it is the land of hope, free choices, and trustworthy AIs. But after that, the game erases ALL your past data and you have to start from dirt, without Angie, Bo, or Che, even Mallory is gone. And from there, you have scamming users, hackers, an entire load of advertisements, insults, laundered cash, and a possibility of gaining everything and losing it all. It represents the real world, and I love that it's like dark souls and basically real life. No goal, no directions, after you're past that bridge of walkthroughs. No NPC to hold your hand. All of this is awesome. All it takes is the brains, the balls and a badass attitude. PLAY THE GAME. There is going to be that small irritation when you break free due to the loss of everything you worked for, I'm warning you now. @stonebyte"
76561198212470343,Recommended,469920,33050189,Posted: 30 June,all,SeriousPunch,"Love the game, and the community takes an amazing concept and makes it a full-featured experience.if you like to program this also gives you a chance to write some hacky code to fit some stiff file-size requirements and has just enough restrictions to make you think about writing your code differently than in other applications."
,Recommended,469920,25690900,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Infinitynull,"Reasons you should buy and enjoy this game:1: You enjoy having a challenge confront you like a brick wall.2: You enjoy being social.3: You enjoy trying to learn something new.4: You enjoy scripting or coding. Even if you don’t know what this is.5: You enjoy being structured and ready to write notes.6: You are tired of lazy games with linear directional goals. Because this game is not that in any way.Reasons you should not buy this game:1: If you enjoy headless operations || if your IQ is below zero.Enough with the lists. I highly recommend this game; the administrators are very active and just like the members they are very helpful. This game is a very challenging, enjoyable and rewarding. If you do buy this game stick through the tutorial, and once you are finished join the Discord channel. They will point you in the correct direction."
,Recommended,469920,35094219,Posted: 20 September,all,EtherDragon,"Hackmud is a pretty strait forward multi-player hacking game. There is a single-player tutorial that gets you some of the basics. But onces you in the multiplayer mud, the gloves are off.Lack of starting guides hold multiplayer back a but, but the people that are on are friendly and helpful (even the scammers). Once you get past the initial learning curve of how to hack your first corp and get some money - the game is fun, and the community is present and engaged."
,Recommended,469920,35108883,Posted: 21 September,all,D3funct,"If you have played Hacknet and Uplink and like them both, this game is for you! The style of hacking is different than those two games, and this one's multiplayer with brand new twists. It's got action, adventure, scams, and creativity everywhere. With user-made content and the possibility to create almost anything, this game really is something special.P.S: scripts.get_level will be your best friend, trust me on that"
,Recommended,469920,35108756,Posted: 21 September,all,KBM,"the community is full of people who mock me at every chancethe game is full of users who breach me just for the sake of breaching me11/10 perfect game(ignoring sarcasm, the community is alive and awesome, and the game is really fun to play)"
,Recommended,469920,34985665,Posted: 15 September,all,Hebisonic,"If you've played and enjoyed Uplink or Hacknet, then chances are you'll enjoy this game as well. It's like a multiplayer version of those two games, with its own intricacies. For a start, there's quite a lot of focus on actual scripting in Javascript. Now, this doesn't mean you have to know Javascript to play the game, or even know any programming language. There's an (unofficial) Discord filled full of helpful players that will be more than happy to get you started.Bottom line: if you already know Javascript, you'll fit right in and have lots of fun. If you don't, you get to have lots of fun learning, which is just as good1"
76561198216827408,Recommended,469920,34985642,Posted: 15 September,all,ssdcat,"(TL;DR at the end)-------------------------------------First of all, I have to say that a lot of what I am going to say is my personal take on this game.When I first got started into this, I knew that it was not going to be an extremely easy learning curve. However, having coming from the background of not knowing a lot about programming and scripting (a lot of that is done in this game), I have to say that it definetly got me motivate to learn and experiement with what this game and it's community has to offer.Right off the bat, the tutorial gave me a lot of help with the syntax and logic the game requires you to know (how to chat, run commands to hack npcs, etc). It also teaches you to be careful with whom and what you trust. Especially after the tutorial does this come into play (Haven't been tricked into giving all my currency away YET :P).One point people seem to be dissapointed with is the lack of player interaction within the game, with a lot of botting going on. However, that is where it is key to get connected with the community as soon as possible! They are a HUGE help, many of them (dtr is one) who are happy to give help to anyone knew to coding and scripting as I am.This does not mean you will become an expert overnight, or even within a week. However, if you have always wanted to learn more about coding/scripting, this game can give you motivation to learn how like it is giving me.---In short, Hackmud. . .* Gives a reason to learn more about programming and scripting. (All scripting is done in Javascript)* Has a warm and welcoming community, while at the same time teaching you to be careful with whom you trust with your user info and gc.* Has a lot of user made content that rocks (Someone is currently trying to develop an rpg in here!!)If any of those things peak your interest, you should definetly check it out and jump on to it's discord channel!"
,Recommended,469920,34985524,Posted: 15 September,all,Zez,"I've never left a review on steam, but this game deserves one from me.the tutorial itself was fun and challenging (a bit long)once you get past the tutorial things can get confusing but the playerbase is usually quick to help there are even users that will direct you to quests and the community discord (which is amazing)the actual npc finding/cracking can be a bit grindy but the better scripts you have the easier it will become. I still have fun farming npcs and finding the rare upgradesgoing into this game I had 0 experience with any coding and now I am having fun learning and writing js. every question I've had about js has been answered in the community discord. I love this game and will continue to play it for a long time to come."
,Recommended,469920,34985445,Posted: 15 September,all,Alpha,"Why do I like this game? Oh where do I start... Take a look at my profile... Or my steam name... This game has taken up 8 months of my life and I don't regret a minute of it...The dev is active in the community and listens to his players. He is constantly adding new content and refining it based on user feedback.The community is probably the best part about the game. Unlike most games I play the community is incredibly supportive, they want you to succeed. You can ask a coding question and get a response almost every hour of the day. They are constantly ready to help and support new players.One of the game's main features allows you to create and upload scripts to automate certain tasks in the game, or for other players to run. There are banks, casinos, and even scam scripts uploaded and updated by various community members. I personally have learned the majority of my javascript from this game.All in all, definitely recommend the game. If you have any questions feel free to join the discord:https://discordapp.com/invite/sc6gVse"
