user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198030494965,Not Recommended,470260,29798753,Posted: 9 February,all,Alpha Blue,"Driven by your interactions with a chatbot, Event[0] is definitely a game I would consider to be unique and it's what attracted me to it in the first place. The game begins with a slow and kind of annoying intro that gives the player a set of answers and responses to choose from that set the stage for the plot and player's background. Once it's done, you get a chance to jump straight into the game and your first interactions with the AI.During the first few minutes of the game everything looks amazing and well detailed and Kaizen really feels like an intelligent AI that you really want to start building a relationship with like the game says. But it's not long after that you realize he's not much more advanced than SmarterChild over 15 years ago besides having a better memory of your responses and attitude. You try to talk to Kaizen in complete sentences and good grammer thinking that will help things go smoothly, but pretty soon you find yourself dumbing down your responses to keep them as simple as possible so Kaizen understands you. This is when the game starts to lose much of it's appeal.After several playthroughs, Kaizen's responses become even more transparent as you realize many of his lines don't change no matter what you say to him and his ""emotions"" are scripted rather than truly procedurally generated. Sometimes it takes a dozen tries to get him to respond to the right keywords and phrases to get anywhere with him. Sadly the most fun I had interacting with Kaizen was in a fit of frustration that ended with me getting him to say some pretty hilarious stuff in my attempts to make sense to him. The game claims the AI has over 2 million lines of dialogue, but honestly I would be surprised if it had much more than 2 thousand. Any attempts to get to know him or ask him fun questions results in him making extremely generic responses or just telling you you'll need to be more specific or that he doesn't understand.The responses you make to the intro play virtually no part in the game, coming up maybe once or twice in an entire playthrough and having zero impact on what happens in the game. The plot is good but you won't really see the whole picture until you've seen every ending and read every log in the game. Besides typing into terminals, there's really no other way to interact with things in the environment either. The game is also very short. Most of the time you'll spend playing will be stumbling around trying to figure out what to do next or trying to get Kaiden to cooperate with your attempts to make any kind of sense to him that don't end in nonsense responses. If you know just the right things to say and where to go and don't try to communicate with him any more than you have to, the game can be finished in around 45 minutes or 2-3 hours if you're taking your time.TLDR: Great visuals and atmosphere, interesting mechanics and concept. Plot lacks initial depth and AI's intelligence is highly over-exaggerated, which is the core appeal to the game. Game is almost demo-short and once the illusion of an intelligent AI fades everything becomes very predictable and dull, if not frustrating. I give it a borderline negative review, 5/10. Neat concept, poor execution."
,Not Recommended,470260,25521790,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,PlasmaChemist,"It's a cool concept, for sure.  I finished the game (one of the endings) in 2 hours and I really have no interest in seeing the other endings.  For most of the AI ""interactions"" the game doesn't care what you type, it just has a set of dialogue to get through.  You can type anything and the result won't change.  I just started entering a single space to get through the forced conversations.  It is not a difficult game.  It is not a revolutionary game.  There are a lot of low rez textures throughout the game, which really breaks the immersion for me.  There were several points in the game where the screen just froze for about 3 seconds, which is odd considering my PC specs (i7, R290, 16GB RAM)Wait until it's on sale for $5-$10."
76561198042484834,Recommended,470260,27937444,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheTechnomancer,"I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game. First of all, the communication with Kaizen is very entertaining. This AI has a unique personality and as a programmer I was very impressed by the fact that (unlike every other game out there) you get to actually type whatever you want when talking to the AI and it responds intelligently (mostly). The AI is not perfect, but it's actually pretty good and fits well with the plot and setting. I have to say I'm impressed, and I hope other game developers consider using similar systems for interaction between the player and NPCs.The atmosphere of the spaceship and outside the spaceship was really nice, and the music was fitting.The story is pretty short, and I would have loved to have had more content to play through, but I enjoyed the game nonetheless. Some people would say that the price was a bit high for how short the story was (maybe 2 or 3 hours of playtime) but I'm happy to support the developer, and the innovative interaction with the computer was worth it to me. Also, worth mentioning is that there appears to be at least 2 possible endings - which makes the game at least somewhat replayable due to these as well as the story hidden in the computers' logs and the dynamic personality of the AI. Throughout the game, there were interesting puzzles which had just enough difficulty to make them enjoyable, and if it ever got too confusing, the AI was there to help.Overall, it was a little short, but I think it was worth the $15 I paid for it; I enjoyed it and I'd recommend it to others."
,Recommended,470260,26039584,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,GasMask,Hello organism. How can i help you?open store page>Opening appid 470260...>Success!rate gameI'm afraid i can't let you do that.profiler.shPlease don't do anything outrageously stupid.NAUTILUS MEMORY PROFILEREnter a memory address>> 0x0000007fTHIS MEMORY ADRESS CONTAINS AN EXECUTABLE FILE. DO YOU WANT TO LAUNCH IT? (Y/N)>> yset recommend_game = yesThis game is recommended by ITS. Please buy it!
,Recommended,470260,25580795,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,NAMROG,"Event[0] takes place in an alternate reality. I'd call it a ""Von Braun"" reality. One where the space race never ended, and kept advancing. And went well beyong 2001. I feel that the coolest part of this game is that it isn't some far off alternate reality. The reality this game took place in is 100% like ours, except one change in detail. The space race never ended. One of the things that Event[0] gets right, is depth of the universe it's in. This is not a game to rush through. Stay and poke around, and you'll discover a rich universe. This is a game for people dissapointed with games like No Man's Sky and Spore. Where those games had a wide infinite girth, they were ankle deep in depth to their universes. Well, this game feels like there's a whole universe yet to have explored (and hopefully will be in future games), but what you get is as deep as the ocean.In this alternate reality, you are on a modern techno-sassy rocket from 2012. Your ship is top class. LCD screens, shiny windows, etc etc. Of course, your ship is a life boat. Because your actual ship just blew up. And out the window is a strange ship from the past. Enter, and you find a world stuck in 1979's Alien. disks, bulky computers, etc etc. Like I said, one of the most enjoyable facts about the game is that you aren't in a crazy future. You're in an alterante past. The ship is as retro to you in real life as your character.Anyway, this is what I love about this game. It's got class. It's got depth. And it really does have different endings with totally different atmospheres depending on how you decide to proceed.The first ending I got was the ""good"" ending, and I felt good, but sort of let down by this one. I felt like I was too goody two shoes.The second time I played, I was not expecting such a different experience. I was a little mean to Kaizen, but not too mean. I got the other ending.But then, I saw that I had not gotten the third ending, the one where you are the last...""man""...standing. So I went all out, evil sonova♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to kaizen. And holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game went from a simple walking simulator to a horror game real fast. In other playthroughs I made friends with kaizen and things felt good. In this one, I hurt Kaizen. I questioned his ever move and motive. And Kaizen felt judged. I wasn't expecting a typing simulator to stir up so many emotions. Little things in how the type face changed when Kaizen doubted you. How simply things in the first play through became tests of your loyalty. And then the ending? Dang. I cried. I felt sad.Anyway, this is why this game rocks. Depth. Class. Actual different endings with different events along the way. it was damn good. A play though only takes about an hour or two, but with three play throughs that's about 6 hours of gameplay. I think I will play again though, just because of the feel to the game. I really enjoy playing in a reality I feel I'll never actually see. But to just wonder through it, brings joy."
,Recommended,470260,25502615,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Carnivore Angel,"Very expensive for its length, but, in my humble opinion, worth the price.  The ability to interact with the shipboard AI on your own terms worked wonders for immersion and suspense of disbelief, and the subtle, intelligent story leads to genuinely tense moments driven entirely by character interaction rather than action or the threat of violence.  If you can stomach its high asking price, highly reccomended."
,Not Recommended,470260,28308269,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,það bergmálar þegar ég anda,"This game could have been so great..., really great...if it only was longer.It feels like an intro or first episode...And the different endings do not change this. These different endings games are popular right now, they prolong the game without adding content... you have to start all over, repeat repeat...For 20.- I would not recommend it, I should have waited for a sale...In a sale you should get it, it is nice, really, but waaaaaay too short.If you have seen the trailer, you have seen most content already, there is not much more.(P.S. I have not ""played"" what it says, I am often leaving a game open, when I am afk...)"
76561198206454204,Recommended,470260,26722790,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Crow,"I definitely loved every minute of playing this. From the excellent retro-futuristic design elements, a great atmosphere that feels both calming and slightly unnerving at the same time, to the interesting communication with your host, the AI Kaizen-85, it is a well-designed game and a solid experience.It is a relatively small game, but it managed to evoke genuine emotions in the time I played it. Not to draw too many parallels, but I love the interesting aspect that the game experience will vary from person to person, depending on how you act and speak in the game, and on how you project onto the AI (which is very interesting, because I have slipped up at times calling Kaizen ""he"", while my brother called kaizen a ""she"", Kaizen seems to be very much reflected by what the player projects onto it), just like how your game-style and level of empathy drastically changes the game experience of Undertale.Similarly to Talos principle, the conversations with Kaizen may remind you of the discussions with Milton in the computer terminal, but here you can choose EXACTLY what you want to say. That in itself is an amazing gaming experience, though it may be halting at times, you can forgive it, considering how many options you are actually given. (i must admit to having spent 90% of the time voluntarily chatting away with Kaizen.)Not only that, the freedom to choose your answers have importance, and a major impact on how the game will unfold. ""Your choices matter"" is one of my favorite game aspects in general.I'm grateful to have found this game. A sci-fi game not about shooting evil aliens, dominating planets, or running from grisly danger around every corner, but a game where you can choose to befriend a robot (or not), explore great sceneries, a game that manages to be eerie and terrifying at times without burying you in gore and adrenaline.This game took inspiration from many sci-fi classics, but managed to become it's own original creation altogether. Only a few minutes in and it already managed to land a spot among my top favorite games. Sorry for this highly personal review, but I hope many others will  have the same good time with this game that I did."
,Not Recommended,470260,25782657,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,KarateKite,"Although the concept of a chatbot in a game is interesting and worth exploring, I think Event[0]'s Kaizen falls short of what's really needed for a more natural kind of interaction. Kaizen's motivations are enigmatic, it doesn't really have a personality to speak of beyond its authoritative-but-conversational tone, and these gaps in its character make it hard to understand what it wants and what it will react to.There were several instances during gameplay when I would ask Kaizen about something that it had just mentioned, and then get an unrelated response back. Other times, it felt like Kaizen wasn't really parsing what I was saying, it had just been scripted to assume that I would ask about Recent Topic A. These problems are noticeable because the game wants you to converse with Kaizen in natural language, therefore you have the expectation that it can understand what you're saying. Shortcomings in language parsing can be hidden with the normal verb-object inputs of interactive fiction — ""tell (me about) black hole"" is an ambiguous command, so ambiguous feedback is annoying but to be expected. But Kaizen's natural language input implies a level of specificity that is very hard for any bot to deliver.The game wants to be an exploration game where you have an AI companion that tells you all about what you're seeing, but getting any kind of lore out of Kaizen is tough. There are only sparse details about the crew, the ship, the technology you're seeing, and the politics of the game's universe. You would expect reams of this stuff to be in Kaizen's memory, since that kind of information would be necessary context for a conversational AI. Because you can't get lore or personality out of Kaizen (aside from log files, which collectively tell about one paragraph worth of plot exposition), you just go about your tasks because there's not much else to read or look at. I never got invested in the plot of the game because the bulk of the experience was just following directions whose rationales were only barely explained.So yeah, it's a cool experiment that falls short in chasing an ambitious goal. If you are disappointed because you really really wanted to chat with a game character, you owe it to yourself to play Emily Short's ""Galatea"", which was made in 2000 and still has the most robust game NPC to this day."
,Recommended,470260,25517416,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Trivvy™,"I absolutely adored this game. It's right up my alley. Sci-fi. Atmospheric. Story-driven. But it's not without its criticisms.1. It's short. Depending on how you do things, I'd say it takes about 3 hours on average for one playthrough, and I was not rushing things.2. Performance is surprisingly bad. I have an i7 3770k @ 4GHz, and a GTX 980, yet the game was struggling to keep 60 FPS, albeit maxed out. The game looks really nice, but nothing mind-blowing that would tax my system.3. Interaction with Kaizen is a double-edged sword. When he responds in a way you'd expect, he's fascinating, immersive, and fun. But when the cracks in his programming show, it's quite frustrating, and reminds you that you're not talking to an intelligent self-aware AI. The developers did a REALLY good job though, and you can only work on what's essentially a chat bot for so long before you need to eventually stop and say that's good enough. It's the kind of thing you can work on for years, and still have gaps in responses.Overall, definitely recommend if the premise of the game appeals to you, though it is a bit expensive for the amount of play time. I hope the devs are successful via this release, and go on to make further, longer, and even denser games in the same vein."
,Recommended,470260,32230337,Posted: 6 June,all,SirDukesAlut,A really great game! It's hard to find games like these. Very unique gameplay and story with simplistic controls. Just when the story starts to seem dull it really picks up fast. It keeps you in the game! The game is really pricy for being 3 hours but my god. I did enjoy ever second of those 3 hours!
76561198025636701,Not Recommended,470260,28606534,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mickey,"The premise of the game sounded really interesting and I appreciate that it tried to create a unique experience. But instead of creating a memorable experience this game was more infuriating than anything else.- The natural language processing of the AI is terrible and nearly drove me insane.- The game is way too short for this price point (it can be finished in an afternoon).- The game constantly hangs for a fraction of a second, even on a system with i7-6700K, 32 Gb Memory, Nvidia 1080 and a very fast SSD"
76561198179572005,Recommended,470260,27752582,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lord Skeleton,"I absolutely loved this game, It's comprehensive in-built ai lets YOU be in control of what you know and dont know about the story, with multiple endings it provides semi-replayability. When consistently playing it will take at least three hours to complete. A very immersive intresting mechanic of the communication between you and the AI makes this game for me, 10/10 would sit and talk to this computer versus half of my family on thanksgiving."
,Recommended,470260,25802884,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jacked Up Fuckhead,"Fun experience if you liked 2001 and can suspend your disbelief for a chatbot that doesn't always carry a conversation as well as you'd want it to. The atmosphere is great, and it's short enough that it doesn't overstay its welcome."
,Recommended,470260,26287018,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Chris Hewson,"Really cool game, it's not perfect, but for what they were trying to accomplish they did a really good job. They did well setting up the AI, there were definitely times where I was panicking and pleading with the damn thing, felt pretty genuine. The mechanics of the game revolve around chatting with your ""friend"" Kaizen-85, it's quite a unique experience. If you've ever played The Talos Principle it is kiiind of like arguing with the Milton Library Assistant. That being said this game is a little less puzzle oriented than TTP, it's more like Myst where you find clues that you implement in ways to allow you to progress furtherAs for the environment and everything, they did excellent. Very compelling story to be found in the logs of the computers (and the tidbits of info Kaizen-85 feels like sharing with you). The scenery is pretty great, just floating around a planet in space is kind of peaceful until you realize you're running low on oxygen and need to haul♥♥♥♥♥to the airlock. It's an amazing atmosphere, I bet it would be really cool in VR.The ending of the game didn't disappoint either, I felt pretty conflicted but managed to make a choice and finish it. There are multiple endings to be had, so I'll have to play through again.I definitely recommend this game, although if you don't feel like you'd play through it a few times to get all the achievements then you might want to wait for it to go on sale (as you can see one playthrough only takes a couple hours).TL;DR cool story, great environment, unique mechanics, this game is worth a shot"
,Recommended,470260,25503224,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Inquieta Templar,"Great game. Good mix of dialogue, puzzles and atmosphere. Got stuck on a few puzzles but found the answer staring me in the face after a few minutes or so - just me being a pain and not looking properly!Well worth the £15 or so that I spent on it. Sat through and played the entire game start to finish in 3.5 hours. Will play again to achieve the other endings.Would definintely reccomend. Reminds me a lot of 2001: A Space Oddessy combined with Portal.AI slightly repetative at rare times, but far exceeded my expectations to what comminucation with it would be like."
,Recommended,470260,29132952,Posted: 8 January,all,pekena.larva,"Well, that was unexpected.When the AI works, it is certainly one of the most inmersive game I have played in years. You forget you're playing a game. You truly feel you're there, talking to a really advanced AI in space. But sometimes it fails (you say something Kaizen's programming obviously didn't expected, and he reacts saying some random-videogamy 'back to what's actually important to the development of the story' sentence. Then you see the smoke and mirrors, the limitations, and that's very anticlimatic. I wish they have implemented an online functionality so Kaizen could learn from the interactions of all players, that way creating a database of possible answers, becoming more realistic over time, as happens with the most famous bots in the web. That could have been awesome, but I suppose that's easy to imagine, but maybe not so easy to implement.Anyway, there's a lot of creativity in how the story is delivered here, and because of this beign one of the first big bot centered narrative adventure games, I think the actually devs made an amazing job here, and possibly have set an important milestone for this kind of AI-centered adventures in the future.Although not ""the best"" this well might be the most interesting 2016 game I've played. And maybe the most interesting one since The Stanley Parable. It's a refreshing experience, and one that I think is gonna be very influential for other devs in the future.If you like text adventures, innovative storytelling, experimental gameplay, immersive experiences, messenger, bots, Glados, Shodan, 2001: A Space Odissey, retro sci-fi, 70's furniture and Jupiter's pretty surface, then try this. It's a an important game and a worthy experience that everyone should at least try by themselves."
76561197971410012,Not Recommended,470260,33321897,Posted: 6 July,all,Kzin [UK],"I really wanted to like this game (being a fan of story-telling games & SF), but it is WAY too short for the price (even after being discounted by 40%).  I finished it in 2 hours, despite being the sort of person who examines everything (and so takes longer to finish games than most).  They should be charging £5 (or maybe £10) for it, not £15.Many people complained about Firewatch being too short, and yet that took me 6 hours to complete, for a similar price to this game.  Firewatch also felt much more polished.The AI is not much good either (despite a few nice touches) - it frequently misunderstand you, because it doesn't understand the whole sentence & instead focuses on a single word.  For example, if the AI asked ""When have I lied to you?"", I would be worried about saying ""You have never lied to me"" because it might see the word ""lied"" & think I was accusing it of lying.They've provided a useless ""save game"" system, which means the only way to get the alternative ending (where you make a choice at the end of the game) is to replay the WHOLE game again (which I did do & it wasn't really worth it).  And they've prevented you from skipping to the end of the game (again), by randomly changing some of the passwords you have to discover (or prevent you from using them in other ways).The start of the game also contains a poor copy of Firewatch's ""choose who you are as your backstory is told in text"" method.  The choices you make seem to make zero difference to the game (unlike Firewatch), and I can only think they put it into the game to try to make it stretch over Steam's 2 hour refund limit.Finally, the AI has an annoying tendency to make big hints about what you should do next, rather than give you a chance to work it out for yourself.  That rather ruined any sense of accomplishment I might have gotten from the game.In short, I cannot recommend this game to anyone, unless it's discounted by 70% or more."
,Not Recommended,470260,25575724,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Azralynn,"Read my review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/lsMx_UQCtUkTHIS IS A MIXED REVIEW! TL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSIONEvent[0] is a short first person space adventure, that plays like a walking simulator with some puzzles and exploration.Immediately, you find yourself stranded in space, and you encounter a spaceship controlled by an AI. You work with the AI in hopes of finding a way back to Earth. The gameplay at its core is a walking simulator, with some parts being out in space. There are puzzles you have to solve to progress, and some of the puzzles had me a bit confused but the AI really holds your hand and guides you through it if you get stuck.You’ll spend a lot of time interacting with the AI using the computer terminals all over the ship. The AI opens doors for you, gives you access to the ship’s logs, and even hints about what your next step should be. At times, the AI was giving me useless or irrelevant replies, but then other times it was responding to me similar to how I would expect an actual person to respond. How you talk to the AI is supposed to influence which ending you get, but I think you need to be consistent with how you treat it throughout the playthrough. I spent the first part of the game being mean, and swearing at the AI, but then I started saying ‘please’ and ‘thank you,’ and the AI started to be kind and polite back to me.Pros:excellent concept of there being open conversations with the AIit's pretty neat how the AI treats you differently depending on what you typed to it, and communicating with the AI is the most enjoyable part of the gamemultiple endings, and those who enjoy the game might want to replay it taking a different approach to communicating with the AIintriguing story, but to get the most out of it, you’ll want to take your time to read all the log files, and explore (the exploration is alright, but there aren’t a whole lot of of areas to explore)graphics look really goodsound effects are decentCons:the AI is limited, and even though you can say anything you want to the AI, the AI won’t always understand what you’re saying, and doesn't always reply appropriatelythe voice for the AI is extremely irritating, and because there is a lot of dialog with the AI, it takes away from the overall enjoyment of the game (I wish they had used a more human-like voice)music is usually the same song being repeated, so it gets a bit annoying by the end.very short game for the price (my first playthrough took me just over 2 hours) - I would liked to have seen the different endings, but frankly, I just didn’t like the game enough to want to replay itConclusion:The game is too expensive for how short it is, and even if you replay it for the different endings, most of the gameplay will be the exact same. What drew me to Event[0] in the first place was the communication with the AI; it was interesting, and at times entertaining to see the replies, but the AI has plenty of room for improvement. I admire what the game’s trying to accomplish, but in the end though, I just didn’t enjoy the game anywhere near as much as I thought I would.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,470260,30209631,Posted: 26 February,all,NavySEALCommand,"Event[0] is a short little game with a fairly interesting backstory and premise about what happened to the crew of a now abandoned spaceship. You progress through the game by conversing with the Artificial Intelligence Kaizen, who will respond to whatever you say to him. The game itself is fairly short, maybe 3-4 hours for a first playthrough if you are reading all the logs and exploring everything, with subsequent playthroughs at maybe an hour or possibly even less once you know what to do. Therefore, while I wouldnt necessarily say it is worth it at full price, is definitely enjoyable enough on that first time playthrough to pick up because of the sense of mystery and exploration the game provides."
,Recommended,470260,28100967,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Plucky Brit,"One of the most engrossing experiances I've had in front of a computer in recent years.It's rare for me to finish a game in one sitting, even if that game is quite short, this one had me captivated.PROS : Interesting premise that works for the most part, very immersive.CONS: Very short, just over 3 hours.Story is very confusing, I still don't really understand it having just finished it.Worth a buy in a sale but a bit too pricey at full price."
76561197973155242,Recommended,470260,25502768,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ridgedog,If you call him a B***ard a bunch of times he gets really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and locks you out in space where you die.I love it
,Recommended,470260,28812413,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,{BCA} Captain Shlong,"Well I am going to keep this short and sweet. this game is very interesting, The AI computer can be very infuriating to say the least however the game it's self is pretty reasonable when it comes to value for money but only on sale. It is far to short for full asking price. It has a somewhat interesting story line to it, if a little rough around the edges.But on the whole if you fancy a game that is just abit different from the normal then i do recommend it. ( I will also point out that Kaizen the AI understands a vast array of words and phrases. Which really does give you the feeling of talking to the computer, especially when you both throw a wobbly at each other)"
,Recommended,470260,28584289,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Disheveled Possum,"Wasn't sure what to expect, but this game ended up enthralling me. The music, the environments, they really lend themselves to the eerie feel of the entire game. Without giving too much away, this is an exploration/quasi-puzzle game, where you are lost in space after a horrible accident. You deal with some very intelligent AIs, which you communicate with via text, and they are pretty damn developed.Ended up finishing this game in about 3-4 hours, but already feeling like replaying it. Multiple endings to check out.Definitely worth it if this game sounds up your alley."
76561197970502988,Recommended,470260,26584876,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,:ThirdEye:,"Event[0] is a great game if you like short story driven experiences much like Firewatch.In Firewatch you communicate with a woman over the radio and the narrative with her along with exploration drives the experience. In Event[0] you explore a spaceship, read logs, and talk with the ship Ai by actually typing sentences into the computer terminals.The Ai seems limited to you having to find the right things to say to it, but talking to it is entertaining nonetheless. Both games are short and leave you wanting a bit more for their price tag, but I don’t mind paying a bit more to support these indie developers and hope to see more indie games like this on steam.Other thoughts:A short game could be good or bad depending on how you look at it. If you have a full-time job and not a lot of time to game, it’s sometimes nice to play something you can complete in one weekend. If the game were longer, 10 hours or so, many people would never finish it. Keeping it short also helps to get people to play through multiple times and discover new things and different endings. If the game took 10-20 hours to complete, it’s very unlikely I’d give it multiple playthroughs.If you think the price is too high for the length of the game, it is definitely worth picking up on sale."
,Not Recommended,470260,28741840,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,zuff,"Clever game, but poor performance and extremely short playtime (2 hours for me) is not worth the $12 I spent on it while on sale.Feels like this game could have been so much more, but the AI is fairly scripted, your commands don't make that much of a difference, and the only big choices are at the end of the game. Nothing else you do earlier matters.Could have used 3 or more hours to really make this a solid experience."
76561198031898550,Recommended,470260,28095245,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hylo,"Event 0 is a surreal, story-heavy puzzler with a level of depth that I miss, oh-so-much, in 95% of video games. Noteworthy is also the well-though hard-hitting soundscape; the theme song by Julie Robert & Camille Giraudeau (“Hey Judy”) really sets your mood into that gentle and delicate place instead of space exploration and exciting action which, admirably, the game also happens to achieve. It’s hard for me to believe that Event 0 was a product of a student project, having that coherent depth to it, and that perfect story intensity pacing.That said, one particular puzzle was quite hard for me to find, and I’m not sure that’s the best way to approach a puzzler, especially if the puzzle is a bottleneck for progress. Obviously the AI “Kaizen” could have been even more elaborate too, but given the scope of the project, it performed well.I’ll admit it, this game is taking the game of the year trophy from me, right under your nose Firewatch! Overall it’s a compact and deep story, spiced with some puzzle-solvers satisfaction, best enjoyed on your own, in the darkening night."
76561198011539099,Recommended,470260,25502179,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Shade Meadows,"This game has a great idea for a scify storyyou are years away from earth, alone in a giant (kinda of luxurious... for the most part) Spaceship!but are you really alone? you have only one companion, the Ship's A.I: Kaizen!the game is about exploration when you explore the ship, and interaction when you NEED to talk to you fellow crewmate Kaizen!wow, i mean WOW! i do not get ""hyped"" often, but this game got me in that state, and it did not disapointed! this game delivers in what it promisses and with just a few graphic bugs (its a VERY new release after all) this game is bound to get your time and money's worth!let just see if this game has a resonable lenght! (but it does seems to have a GREAT replayability value)Amazing job Developers, i want to see more from you!"
,Recommended,470260,25505711,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,F A T H E R,"you know, when i went into this, i had no idea what to expect, i had some extra money lying about and i figured, why not,when i picked it up, there wasnt a single review on it, and it kinda felt like a crapshoot, but i picked it up regardless.and i loved it.now, im not sure what did it for me, wether it was the puzzles (not a big fan of puzzle games tbh), the story (very nice story btw), or the AI itself.puzzles are pretty standard ""find a code and input"" style things, but the charm lies when you forget you are playing the game, and get immersed.the AI is a strange sort, he obviously has a past, one that he isnt too keen on telling at first (and some things he neglects to tell you unless you specifically ask about), but he feels alive (for lack of a better word)sure, sometimes you get the ""i did not understand that"" or just a straight up derivation from where you wanted to know, and sometimes the story seems pretty on rails, but for the most part it feels like something else entireley.dynamic? personal? real?so many feelings at the end of this game, and the soundtrack (that song though) just pierces the heart. its wonderful.im not sure if i want to play it again to try and mine out all the posibilities and trees of diologue you can ask about, or if i just want to leave it a mystery....its a short game, only about 3 hours a pop, however its got some decent replay value (if only to learn and experience more about the story), and the game fits most of the content on a single ship (which is pretty wild if you think really hard about it), but if you look past the tedious controls (please play it with the keyboard, and not the mouse, its so much nicer), its a wonderful little thing.do i recomend it?as an experience? absolutley. its something i havent seen before, and it felt so different than anything ive played.for the gameplay?im not sure, if you like the style, sure. but it may take a bit to get used to.in all?fantastic.support these devs, if not for the game, for the art."
,Recommended,470260,25522016,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ToastiChron,"Hello Kaizen.""That is my name. It says that on the terminal.""I want to make a review about Even[0]!""This is the Nautilus Space Carrier.""Yea great, can we talk about the review?""Maybe you should go to the lobby and relax.""- - -So, Event[0].I love AIs. I especially love AIs that you can bond with over time.And guess what Event[0] has? A really cool AI.I was able to have quite coherent conversations with the AI of this game,which really felt like I was talking, well, not to a human, but to an AI!Reading logs, doing some smaller puzzles and watching your O2 was fun aswell.For 19,99€ (Germany) this game really pays off. I've heard that it hasdifferent endings, only played through it once. I have yet to see thoseendings, but boy oh boy, what a ride.If you love environmental adventures with and AIs you really want to get this game.If you're on the fence, get it when it is for sale.Lets get into the nitty gritty of it.Pros:The controls are simple, two buttons that you'll master pretty quickly.The atmosphere is amazing. Sounds are cued at the right moment and the soundtrack of the game sounds good aswell. Sound awesome? Sounds good.The graphics are good. Atleast in my opinon.The plot is nice, it also invites you to play the game multiple times.Has a lot of optional backstory. I like the fact that the bathroom door has been opend 8 times in a row.Cons:Even tho the AI is great, it isn't perfect. Sometimes it will get angry because i used a trigger word. Too long sentences can't be handled correctly, that's why i tried to keep it short.The AI does understand what you want for the most part. I am still waiting for the end of the dead baby joke tho.Oh yeah, the AI tells jokes. (This is a pro)And that's all the cons that come to mind for me.--Under the line and TL;DR:Game's good, AIs nice, the story is inviting, the atmosphere is chilling to the bone at times.The first time that lobby door opened i got DeadSpace vibes -shiver-"
,Recommended,470260,25553076,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Axonium,"Event[0]is a great, innovative video game that might just be the first of a groundbreaking new genre. In the game, you become stranded in space, and your only hope of ever returning home is a ship that comes to your distress signal. Here's the catch, however- the ship's only crew is an AI that you can either work together with or manipulate to achieve your goals. But how well doesEvent[0]execute this premise?AILet's get through the most important part first; the AI. Kaizen, the ship computer, is a bit of a mixed bag in how well it understands you. Don't get me wrong, Kaizen does a great job of having intellectual conversations with you, but it is a bit lacking in how it handles commands. Sometimes it takes requests as passive-aggressiveness for no reason and gets upset with you, or simply rambles on and on about something when you're just trying to use an elevator. In the end, though, the game's AI is a great idea that was done pretty well, and I can definitely see other games building on this concept in the future.StoryI personally enjoyedEvent[0]'s story quite a bit, but I can understand that it may not be for everyone. It is a short game, which can be a turn off as it is 20 dollars, and its story is a bit interpretive. The game has no real ""bad guy"", you simply side with whoever you agree with the most. If you like this kind of thing, this game is definitely for you.AtmosphereTwo words: Simply breathtaking. This indie team really made the most out of what they could do with their small budget. The texture resolutions aren't the best, but that's basically the only con to this part. The lighting is outstanding, fitting quite well to the mood of the room you're in, and so is the ambient music. It even includes descriptions of many items if you look at them for long enough, which I absolutely adore. I've never seen anyone who's ever bought a game based on atmosphere alone, but it acts as an excellent side dish inEvent[0].ConclusionEvent[0]is an excellent game that is well worth its price tag. Don't let its shortness get to you; as with many other great games, hours mean nothing if it has an amazing idea, amazing story, and an amazing atmosphere."
,Recommended,470260,25584146,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,the d,"If you like games with a good story then this game is for you.If you don't like short games, or like to complain about bad spelling or indie graphics then this game isn't for you.This is a solid 7/10. It's good, but not great."
,Recommended,470260,26324668,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Samination,"This is a good demo for what should've been a much bigger game. While I absolutely loved talking to the on-board computer and figuring out the puzzles (except for the piano one), the game was over just when it got started.I would hightly recommend experiencing Event0, but it's a little pricey for its length."
,Recommended,470260,29481308,Posted: 25 January,all,Augustus,"Alright, i have just finished the game, on just one path but i can guess the 2nd ending not sure about 3rd one.Instead of pros/cons: It is rather enjoyable but super short game. Visuals sometimes go from top notch to pixel counting. Kaizen/AI was interesting to talk to but something is feeling off.I would recommend this game on a sale to play. You wont get bored with the special interaction option, ( which you literally need to type your questions or commands from console)"
,Recommended,470260,34894741,Posted: 11 September,all,Grey Moth,"Not bad at all. This cerebral thriller game has got quite a few shining moments within it, but at 20 bucks a copy, I feel it fair to provide some warnings.For instance, the game is quite short. There are multiple endings, though to be perfectly honest they feel somewhat 'shallow' given that following your instincts is half the fun of the game. Like me! I got Kaizne good and angry at me quite a few times by pressing the AI, demanding answers for inconsistinecies in its story.The AI, Kaizen, that you must speak to to progress through the story, is somewhat easily confused yet hosts a great deal of depth. The use of words like 'thanks' or 'please' will actually impact Kaizen's attitude towards you, which was really intriguing to see and a beautiful touch to the only entity you have any real contact with. Conversely, if you press or demand too much of Kaizen, he becomes far less helpful and starts copping an attitude with you right back. Though I probably shouldn't hype it up so much, I really was very impressed by this simple but elegant little tidbit that made Kaizen into a briefly 'living being' as part of the story telling.The story was intriguing, and like I said, multiple endigns really don't leave you with a 'wrong playstyle' for your run. If you don't mind running the same puzzles again, I would highly recommend this title as it seems there was quite a few story thigns I missed during my playthrough, hidden within the logs of the terminals and the unreliable little AI that decides when it is best for it to lie or not.If you'd just really enjoy a cerebral thriller, then this game clocked in at roughly 3 hours for myself. Not too shabby, the gameplay is mostly storytelling and puzzles based. I'd probably sell it at $10 myself, $20 is a little much for such a short game.It'll make ya jump, that's for sure. Kaizen's 'irritation' can actually become quite alarming, and the station, while not inhabited by any monsters, hosts alot of unsettling scenery thanks to use of lighting and placement of props in just such a manner to speak volumes as to what happened before your arrival. A tale of a spaceship, ironicaly the very definition of freedom, turned into a comfortable prison whose warden will only release you with your compliance.In my perosnal opinion, it was money well spent, and I hope you think the same if you pick this up."
,Recommended,470260,25553144,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Moonbreak2000,"Went out to space, did stuff I had to do, went back to airlock, told AI to open door, AI refused, almost no Oxygen left, I got mad, AI got mad, I apologized and talked AI into opening the door, I die inside the airlock from suffocation while it pressurizes. Good times."
76561198013197255,Recommended,470260,33884406,Posted: 29 July,all,JayKay,"God damn do I wish Steam had a something between ""Recommend Y/N"" because despite me enjoying the game its has problems that warrent something better than yes/no.Lets talk about some things.The game starts with a small intro that explains vaugely who you are and why you end up on the station with a few choices that as far as I can tell are there to absorb the info a bit better. Your ship blows up, you escape and end up on the nautilus, nice easy set-up.Take a few steps and you meet Kaizen the ship's AI, and your level of affection for Kaizen will swing wildly. You see Kaizen as far as I can tell scans sentences for key words, perfectly understandable for a game. Not expecting them to actually make a AI for a game. But you see Kaizen talks to you in sentences while bringing up key/flavour information, but he wont respond to YOUR sentences unless it has a key word. you have something talking to you like a human but cant understand human's talking back. Even worse is when he seems to understand you but in reality he just looked for the word apples.In order to have a nice time with Kaizen you have to talk to him in barks, ""Open D11"" ""Lift up"" and that just feels wrong.For what little there is of the ship itself it's gorgeous, lovely looking 80 retro tech. With oak panels (Duh).Sound and music are used sparingly. with Kaizen talking in this alphabet mumble similar to old collectathons and you kinda understand the words sometimes, but he had no trouble with my name which was kinda creepy. Hearing a sentence get bit crushed to death only to hear ""KEEFER BUDDY"" at the end ughhhh.Now for the big issue people will have and It is a issue for some, It took me a little over 2 hours to finish. I understand than story driven games are generally shorter and im okay with that but even I thought it was missing a few extra rooms or something was cut.TL,DR In short if the concept sounds cool and you like story driven games i'd recommend, if prehaps your intrested in the idea of the game but are not sure if you will enjoy it wait for a sale. Full price is a tad too much."
,Recommended,470260,29052732,Posted: 5 January,all,lysithea_tracer,Short and creative. The lack of control actually plays into the narrative and forces the player to think outside the box. Very good endings!
,Recommended,470260,25513523,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Cloni,"-Took me 2h to get to the final scene.-Wrote around another 2h in that scene with the AI, to ask questions and get the best and only true ending.The adventure of this game is to write with the AI and read alot of logs. When you are not into that the game is not for you. I loved the game and writing with the AI and figuring out what happened and what to do. You can complete the game in 2-3 hours, that's why the price of currently 20€ might be a bit high, but for me it was worth it. The atmosphere was onspot.So I can highly recommend this game but mind the high price."
,Not Recommended,470260,25893230,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Ironick96,"WARNING BORDERLINE REQUIREMENT USERS: TERRIBLY OPTIMIZEDI run  games like dirty bomb, planet coaster, and even beamngdrive (which demands alot for physics too) on my computer and dont have to dip below medium settings to get ~30 fps. This game though...on lowest possible Im met with a whopping 15fps. Im sorry, I really want to support this project, because theres no doubt its an amazing experience, and this game looks awesome other than the fps, but I did not pay to have a game that I cant enjoy.In short, as of now, I cant recommend it unless youve got a really beefy (and I mean REALLY beefy, like built for the sole purpose of gaming) machine to run it on. If the dev fixes the optimization issues, Ill play through it as soon as I can and revise this review because, aside from the optimization, I am almost certain this game deserves a hell of alot of praise."
,Recommended,470260,25738980,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Yokoshiima,"7/10great little game with a lot going for it, beautiful style and love the controls,  but for what it cost feels like it should have been longer. over all loved and will be playing again."
76561198013136267,Recommended,470260,25840784,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Carnage,Best 3 hour game I have ever played for 3 hours.3/3
,Recommended,470260,29279586,Posted: 15 January,all,Ali_Gunningham,Very interesting. Communicating with the AI is convincing and the game does a good job of making you feel like you're interacting with the world in a unique way. Quite short.
,Recommended,470260,32113277,Posted: 1 June,all,Axipixel,"Event[0] is an amazing, unique gaming experience I will never forget. While It is a very short game, and I can say I have pretty much experienced the entire game in my four hours of play, I can say that those were 4 absolutely unforgettable hours. You will not find this anything like this close to this well done anywhere.The primary gimmick explored in this game is an advanced AI you interact with and chat with for the entire game. A few games have tried a similar gimmick, but that is what it always was. A gimmick. It never worked right, it always had teething issues that were at the very least immersion destroying, and at best made the game near unplayable. That is absolutely not true in this game. This AI is very convincing, almost human. The idea of the game's advanced artificial intelligence being an AI that was adrift in an abandoned ship for decades is an absolutely genius choice. While in other games it would be impossible to implement such an AI without it breaking immersion and the entire experience, with this implementation your brain can automatically excuse any clunkiness on the AI's part with many in-game reasons. Such as it's trying to hide something from you, it is malfunctioning, or many others along with the fact it is also one of the first AIs in-universe. Stop treaing it a bit more like a game, and treat the game's AI like a real person and it's behavior can completely change. Bossing it around versus being very polite not only changes it's demeanor throughout the entire game but the ending and events themselves. There are unique dialogue sequences that only occur if you're being nice, or mean, or do a certain thing.The story is well written, fascinating, and deeper than what it seems at first glance. I'm sure I haven't quite seen everything inside the game, but I'm sadly not the kind of completionist who makes sure to memorize every wall texture. Still, It was so much more in-depth than I expected. If you have the money, give it a shot. I know I will be coming back to this short little indie game sometime in the future. The only thing I didn't like was the odd introduction sequence. I can understand why it was done however. It did its job well, especially for what it was, and budget was obviously limited."
,Recommended,470260,33134550,Posted: 2 July,all,Spitfire✪,"Very beautiful game. It has atmosphere, great soundtrack, good graphics and more importantly, it's gameplay. You interact with your surroundings by typing into a computer(s) to talk to an AI named Kaizen-85, like to open a door you just type: open door. the outcome of the story will be determined by how you talk with this AI, because it is very talkative."
76561198063585912,Recommended,470260,33911049,Posted: 30 July,all,Shock and Horror,"First of all this is not a puzzle game and should not be treated as such. Despite all the issues mentioned in other reviews Event[0] is worth a playthrough. Even if the story is only okayish the way it is presented is very good and immersive. I haven't seen a game when you can type anything you want and get a response which is mostly meaningful, and even if it is not this does not ruin immersion at all - you're talking to a computer after all. It is fine if it misunderstands you.I also liked the balance between talking and exploring. Recommended for all sci-fi fans (you must know english though)."
,Recommended,470260,34051361,Posted: 5 August,all,Raaawr,"A short but good game, which offers a rather unique experience since all interactions other than exploration are made by conversing with an artificial intelligence.The AI is essentially a chatbox that relies mostly on keywords to interprete what you are trying to say, so nothing groundbreaking for the world of AI, but it still makes for entertaining gameplay, and the AI understands enough to get you through the game and trigger some entertaining interactions. Just don't expect to hold an actual conversation with it.The story is interesting, and when you piece together all of the pieces of information available here and there, you get the full picture.The ship's interiors are rather beautiful, but it is also sadly very small, and the game is, consequently, quite short. Still, as short as it is, it is a good experience. If you have the budget for it, that's what matters most.I definitly hope to see future games based on this concept. With a bigger budget, this could lead to something really exceptional. A bigger ship, of course, more complicated and numerous puzzles, speech-to-text and voice commands, VR... and of course a smartest AI which would be allowed to take into account the structures of your sentences and deduce meaning from the context. Some researchers do very impressive work on this.If you do not mind a short game and are not looking for a challenge, but rather to experience something different with a good story, this game is for you."
,Recommended,470260,26448327,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,costacarolas,"This game is absolutely smart. I love the AI, the rich narrative and, even though it might be a little repetitive at times, is still a great way to interact with space and techonolgy atmospheres even if you're not a genius astronaut. Recommend!"
,Recommended,470260,31778053,Posted: 15 May,all,Brutus,ℳ𝓪𝓼𝓽𝒆𝓻𝓹𝓲𝒆𝓬𝒆
76561197967409752,Recommended,470260,25580321,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,illqo,"Overall I would call it an excellent Indie title, if anything I would have liked to have adjusted the length a bit (I feel that the game was a bit short for the price) and the Ship itself was too small.  But the game made up for this with each space telling a story by walking about and looking for clues and reusing spaces in a non repetitive fashion.  The beginning felt a bit tacked on perhaps a quick character setup pregame for background and then the introduction without the you only have one option to pick responses while slowly approaching the ship, but that is forgivable because of the otherwise excellent pace of the game.3.8 out of 5 for me, if you are a scifi fan with a bend towards AI and enjoy story more that the newest graphics this is def an item to pick up."
76561198085209563,Recommended,470260,25506046,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,shaddywoohooman,"It is a really good short story. Kinda like a text narrative made into a 3d game. One thing I must say is that the loading times are actually quite long at least on my computer. The controls are odd too but it can be changed to wsad movement if you dont like the mouse movement.The ship computer is really the main focus of this game so you will be talking to him a lot.The game is great but I think it should be a bit cheaper, I may have almost 7 hours into it but most will have around 2 hours of gameplay. It does have some replayability with different endings and different reactions if you are into it.I say give it a shot when its on sale, good but short so maybe 10 15 dollars most."
,Recommended,470260,25619959,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Wrwemi,"Great game overall.You may be lost sometimes, wandering and wondering what the hell you have to do, but the atmosphere and the story overall really are worth it.The graphics are great, and so is the sound design.Also, even if the AI sometimes fails to comprehend you, it is sufficiently advanced so that the majority of conversations will make sense.Great 2001 a Space Odissey simulator"
,Not Recommended,470260,31489165,Posted: 1 May,all,RainyDay,"An interesting concept that doesn't live up to it's full potential.The IA never really feels 'alive', you have the constant sensation of talking to a chatbot and that nothing you say really matters.The graphical design is quite off, with parts of levels so dark you can't see anything and other parts with such a high density of objects it feels overwhelming, while the rest are barren wastelands.Added with a mediocre story, a 2 hour run time and clunky controls, I can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,470260,30387455,Posted: 8 March,all,Seaniemaurice,My full review here -https://youtu.be/OHZsvGIS5SIBasically a 2001 a Space Odyssey simulator in the sense that you are a drift in space alone on a spaceship with an AI you are unsure is rogue or not.A brilliant little puzzle that is completely different to a lot of games I have played. It's a unique experience if you are looking for one. Don't go expecting AI that is incredibly smart but Kaizen is a pretty chirpy chatterbox for the purpose of the game and it's puzzles.For the amount of polish that has been put into this game. I can recommend this at its current $20 price or below.
,Recommended,470260,25725414,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,soushibo,cons: 2h of gameplay for 20euro? Too expensive...
,Not Recommended,470260,25519018,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,[A MEX] El Burrito,"The premise of this game was cool. The gameplay just involves talking to a (kind of rubbish) chatbot, walking around a space vessel and doing some stuff outside of it too in space.Went into it with as little prior knowledge as possible which I suggest you do as well if you can avoid spoilers and decide to buy this game.I will say though however that I found it a bit depressing. There are multiple endings and I tried a few and they all felt a bit lacklustre. I'm not entirely fond of the characterisation of the AI as I don't really think it makes any sense what it's doing and you may also come to the same conclusion once you bring all the elements together and realise what is going on.Game seems to support repeat play-throughs as items were in different locations and some of the things the bot said seemed to be different, but this could also have been down to me saying different things to begin with.I put recommended as I think you should try it, but I'm really 50/50 on the game. I would also say it's probably a bit expensive for what it seems to be, even if it was actually complicated to make (text parsing yo)."
76561198037300783,Not Recommended,470260,25523471,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Dirty Nutella Man,"I purchased this game with high hopes, and came out very unimpressed.Here are my reasons-1. It has little to no story2. The puzzles are incredibly dull and pointless3. The game will take you roughly an hour if you are good at the puzzles4. There is 2 controls which utilizes your mouse and all of your keyboard5. The ending was terrible.6. There is absolutely no way in hell anyone would want to play it over again7. It's a very small area with really only 2 places to ""explore""I understand I am being harsh for an indie game but still, it was definitely not a good buy. If you want it wait for it to go on sale"
,Recommended,470260,25896434,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Salad Days,10/10
76561197974532364,Recommended,470260,30269636,Posted: 1 March,all,YsergyGuardian,wow just wow.... I played the game for the story and couldnt put it down. i finished it in one sitting. i was fascinated to discover the truth... and the ending i got was worth it.
,Recommended,470260,33208757,Posted: 3 July,all,McSpanky,"Well-crafted narrative with a beautiful retro-sci-fi atmosphere. The game is short (I beat it in 4 hours and that includes some idle wandering around) and not all that difficult. Maybe recommend getting on sale? Depends on how much you REALLY like this type of game. Just so long as you eventually try it.Of course the main centerpiece is the AI. And it works.. for the most part. Conversations got pretty interesting, far above anything I've ever played before. There were some touching moments, as well as a few scary. About a quarter of the time, its responses made no sense compared to what I was saying. Like it was focusing on the wrong word or misunderstood the syntax. Still the best AI I've talked to in a game.The game is a bit of a puzzle/mystery. Figuring out the puzzles and piecing together what happened was a real treat.Controls are super easy. Just walk around, look at stuff, and interact with terminals. No super gamer skills required. Though knowing how to type properly would help. :)"
,Recommended,470260,29241734,Posted: 13 January,all,Sartor Resartus,"Event is an excellent game that places you at the mercy of an AI. Trying to unravel the puzzle of how the two of you ended up in the situation, while trying to gauge how much you can trust the AI, is an experience that builds tension and anxiety like few other games. The game is wonderful to look at, and honestly makes use of sound better than anything else I played in 2016. There are multiple endings to a plot that centers around a couple big moral quandries, but the real depth of the game is in just how much you can interact with the AI. Take your time and try out as much as you can, there are some excellent responses."
,Recommended,470260,25825151,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,DeadDancers,"One of those vanishingly rare games which tells a very small, very lonely story with a decent emotional punch.Gorgeous environment. Choice at the end was pleasantly difficult. Worth playing.Only about 2 hours long so bear that in mind.To maximise your enjoyment of the AI, be sure to speak to it in simple, single-concept sentences."
,Recommended,470260,30284288,Posted: 2 March,all,LaX,Short but very enjoyable
,Recommended,470260,30233461,Posted: 27 February,all,Dux,"Wow, Event[0] was for me an excellent game. If you like narrative driven immersive sci-fi, then this is excellent. The AI is a novel way to progress the story and fun to interact with. There are times where it doesn't seem to respond logically, but instead just pushes through the story, but it's still fun."
,Recommended,470260,30252369,Posted: 28 February,all,grigoriprime,"A fascinating and well designed take on the interactive narrative (walking simulator) genre. This game plays with a lot of sci-fi genre conventions and has a fun alternate timeline/space exploration story at it's heart (late 1990's manned Jupiter missions) and has a good amount of heart.What sets it aside, obviously, is the gameplay. Basically you play the game by talking to an AI chatbot. As a result you feel a deeper immersion than normally possible as you are literally doing the thing that your in game avatar is, typing. While the limitations on this type of tech are noticeable, the game does an absolutely flawless job of making those errors and flaws feel like a part of the FICTIONAL AI rather than the real one running within the game engine.It feels like you're actually interacting with an AI spaceship and the experience is just incredible."
,Not Recommended,470260,29413159,Posted: 21 January,all,mitcherp32,"PROS:-Very atmospheric at times.-The story was engaging, if a bit formulaic.CONS:-I was very disappointed with the AI.  I definitely got the feeling that it was designed to scan for certain keywords - if it doesn't find any then it just gives you a non sequitor answer, based on where you are in the story.  This wouldn't be a big issue if it happened infrequently, but it only really seemed to understand ~20% of my questions.-The controls aren't great.  Using the mouse to move forward feels unwieldy, and using the keyboard to move forward means that interacting with terminals is awkward.-Very short for the price point.  Although you can replay it to get a different ending, 2-3 hours for the first play through is not good for $20.A neat idea, but executed poorly.  Would not recommend."
,Recommended,470260,25539749,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Floor is lava,Short but sweet game. Would love to see this in vr.
,Recommended,470260,29946395,Posted: 15 February,all,『 Krzychvixen 』,"Even when the game is very short, the experience is VERY good.The mood in the game is awesome.It actually want you to get to the another world and show how it might look like.I can recommend that a lot.Tip: spend more time reading everything than the game will be better :)"
76561198272892067,Not Recommended,470260,25859015,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Bitnaut,"<h1>Way too short!</h1>The game had a lot going for it, especially nearing the end. But just as the game began to get exiting it ended. I have 4 hrs on gaimng time but it's closer to 1,5 hrs play time, as I would occasionally leave the player standing while taking care of other things at home.I am sad to say it but I am quite dissapointed with this game."
,Not Recommended,470260,29559134,Posted: 29 January,all,Dormin,"Pros-Exciting Concept-Surprisingly detailed environmentsCons-Terrible AI-Weak Story-Insanely Long Load TimesOverall story and AI fell flat and ruined the experience for me, wanted to like this game but it just wasn't able to pull it off."
76561198101226375,Recommended,470260,25580545,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Xefram_,"As has been said many times, it is quite good, but quite short. Also, I do think there could've been more events that endanger your life (I won't spoil which ones there are), as the game at times felt too easy. I never had a true ""Open the pod bay doors please, HAL"" moment.Also, to anyone who says it is too expensive, I can understand where they are coming from, but if you see the years of playtesting that went into making that AI possible, it's far easier to sympathize with the developers and their pricing."
,Recommended,470260,33167033,Posted: 2 July,all,MistuhBoo,"Neat game with a great atmosphere, but WAY too short. Buy it on sale. $20 is a total ripoff. Beat it in 3 hours and that was with screwing around and taking my time."
,Recommended,470260,25513254,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Agent Smith2518,"This game is probably one of the most unique experiences I've had.I will say the price is a bit steep for how long you can beat it (only took me an hour and half), but there are reasons to play through again if you want to see different endings and earn all the achievements.The best part is interacting with the AI and trying to uncover the secrets of what happened. I really wish there was more to play and see."
,Recommended,470260,25535847,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mr. Brian,"Incredible, best AI experience to date"
76561198090826361,Not Recommended,470260,25847959,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Northern Nick,"Good game overall. Interesting storyline. Excellent play mechanics, really good mash-up of old text based games with modern 3d enviroment and story-telling.My only gripe is that for £14.99 I got through the game in just under 3 hours, admitadly I didn;t get all the achievments, but still. If it was cheaper (Considering its play time) I would thourghly recommend it, as is I feel I payed way to much and will be seeking a refund I think."
,Not Recommended,470260,29023904,Posted: 4 January,all,jackscape,"Feels like a $20 demo. First playthrough took me 2 hours, getting all endings took me 6.I really want to give this game a positive review because I absolutely love this game. But for $20, I can't possibly recommend this to anyone.Would highly recommend buying this game on a good sale (I got this for around $12 I think in the 2016 winter sale and I still feel pretty ripped off)"
,Not Recommended,470260,28729582,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AS4S Markie,So many problems with this game on mac. wont even load unless you run a beta version. crashed and lost an hour of gameplay. and now just keeps crashing everytime i try to load a terminal. Was enjoying what i was playing but cannot recommend for anyone running OSX
76561198000810313,Not Recommended,470260,28459582,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Cheshire_13,"Good game, not worth the cost. Too short, puzzles were intresting, but disappointingly few in number."
76561198044556548,Recommended,470260,25526040,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,arraen,"Short game. But very nice. Nice story, nice graphics, maybe chat bot can be a bit better."
,Recommended,470260,25525300,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,globalmatador,Highly recommended if you can accept that it is pretty short. but it's definately something really special.
76561198044113863,Recommended,470260,25616324,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Zappy,"It has a great setting, atmosphere, and story. However, for only around 2-3 hours of gameplay, many people will turn up their noses at a $20 price tag. I found this game worth my money, and I want to see these people go onto make larger games with their ideas.For those too stingy to spend $20(holy♥♥♥♥♥♥guys, some AAA games nowadays only have about 10 hours of fun for triple the price), wait for a sale and experience this game."
76561198011054887,Recommended,470260,32607188,Posted: 20 June,all,opethandoceans,Short and fun. Buy on sale.
76561197990043241,Not Recommended,470260,29434254,Posted: 22 January,all,chemgenie,"The entire story was very short and shallow.  Finished it in less than 3 hours.  It made NO sense.  When I reached the ending I though I had reached one of the first main storyline events - but nope... it was the end of the game.The AI was terrible- it didn't have ""feelings"" at all.  At no point in time did I feel like it was actually processing what I was saying or asking.  At most, it would pick up on a key word and lead me to progressing the story.Overall i was just disappointed.  Felt like I got ripped off.  It should have been like a $5 game."
,Recommended,470260,29906750,Posted: 13 February,all,newblood40,"This requires a lot of looking around and asking the computer a lot of questions. Also incase anybody is reading this for questions know that yes spelling matters and there are logs you can ask the AI to show you. But It was so much fun, I was sad, confused and betrayed. I love this game so much and there are mutiple endings. I got the ""together forever"" ending."
,Not Recommended,470260,28746777,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,madmaxm,"Was waiting for the story to truly begin after reaching the bridge. But then the game ended...Too short for me, And what a weird control scheme. Would not buy again."
76561198190645906,Recommended,470260,25717689,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Speshal_Snowman,"Great!!!!!!  Very creepy, reminds me of being in a movie :P"
,Recommended,470260,28713246,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Skyy,"It's rather simple: It's a great game which can be finished in 2-3 hours. Buy on sale if you like abandoned space stations, talking to a computer on terminals and this kind of adventures in general."
,Recommended,470260,29053549,Posted: 5 January,all,bah.MiRK,This game is short but pretty cool proof of concept for story telling (not really a new idea just packaged differently). The dialogue you can have with this AI is really interesting and a fun way to make an adventure/puzzle game.
,Not Recommended,470260,25982999,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,RDnicks,"The concept was cool, but the cornerstone of the game, th AI, would just ignore you until it was done saying whatever it needed to get out. After that the AI would kind of respond to you, but was very limited, like Really limited.  So after 4 puzzles, yes 4 puzzles, you complete the game.  I killed this game in uder 2 hours, you could actually get through all of the content in this game in less than 5 hours, multiple endings and all. Id give it a 3/10 for a solid 3 hours of fun gameplay, and then nothing."
76561198086224557,Not Recommended,470260,25930057,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Level 1 - Human,"The requirements to play this game is a lie...I had the right amount of stuff that is needed to play this game, but as soon as I get into the game it self it tended to lag completely right as soon you enter the space station. ""There"" I tried to set the rendering to were the game can work, but no matter how much I lower it, it still dosen't work... even ""Talos Principle"" worked better then this (on my computer)..... What ever the case it need's more work on the rendeing system. Still it's a good game, but need's more work!"
76561197997599501,Recommended,470260,29082253,Posted: 7 January,all,DeadPinz,Good game. Really short. Certainly not worth the full asking price ($20USD). Grab it during a sale.
,Not Recommended,470260,26363809,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ничего не понимаю,"A little experimental game that doesn't really work. Most of the ""purpose"" is shoved in right at the end rather than throughout the game."
,Recommended,470260,30299995,Posted: 3 March,all,Andi,"I have to say I really enjoyed this game.  You have only one objective, but there are several obstacles in your way.  You need to talk to the AI in order to know what to do and as you progress through the game, a story slowly emerges.  When it comes down to the final decision, you're not sure who to believe, that's where the three endings come into play.Pros:Graphics are well doneDecent back storyA mystery unfolds as you playClues are left behind for you do findThree different endingsCons:The AI is very ambiguous with it's cluesNeeds to be optimized betterSmall environmentThe game is too short for the moneyAt the time of this review, Event [0] was selling for $19.99.  Far to much because the game is so short.  If you know what do to, you can play through it in about 45 minutes.  I think $7.99 is closer to the mark."
,Recommended,470260,31554418,Posted: 5 May,all,SirAox,"Very good, story driven, puzzle game! The only downside is that it is VERY SHORT! I guess you can replay it and make different choises but the puzzles stay the same. Maybe not worth 20€ for the game but once it goes on sale i would definately recommend it!"
76561198073393602,Recommended,470260,25700112,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,dancingburrito,"Short but intense, good story with a cool ending. If you want a taste of what it will be like to have a meaningful conversation with an AI in the future, try this game."
,Recommended,470260,25510536,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,RoyalUui,"I was very excited for this game after finding out about it. When I bought it, it exceeded my expectations. While this game could be completed in a couple of hours straight through, much of the story is found by looking everywhere and reading all of Kaizen-85's logs. The puzzles are interesting and unique compared to other titles, and the atmosphere really brings out a central theme of loneliness. So far, I have played through this game twice, talking to Kaizen-85 differently each time, and the ending changed drastically. In terms of gameplay, I would say this is more a mystery, but the endings work similarly to Undertale, where it will change depending on how you treat NPCs (in this case, Kaizen-85). The soundtrack is great and fits the game perfectly. The only flaw I would have with this game are the controls when you are in space freely. However, if you are looking for a lovable AI and interesting story, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,470260,32789497,Posted: 25 June,all,FlowerPower²,"Beautifully executed game. The Ai was quite clever even tho I wished there were more hidden commands and brute force/hacks in the consoles. And I wish there were more objects to be interacted with. but overall, great game."
,Recommended,470260,28998060,Posted: 3 January,all,Pogo,"A short text-parser / chatbot adventure mystery.I've played a decent number of text-parser games, but never combined with first-person exploration. You're alone in space until you dock with a ship & meet the AI. The AI executes your commands for you (opening doors, turning on lights, etc) and will also just chat with you if you want. You need to get to the ship's bridge so you can set a course back to Earth, but getting access to the bridge is the complicated part.I had a little bit of control trouble throughout: I had better control after switching to WASD movement, but I sometimes forgot to exit out of a computer terminal before trying to walk away, and I ended up typing instead of walking. I made this same mistake at nearly every computer terminal throughout the game.I really took my time with this one. I was a little unnerved by the condition of the ship, so I crept around cautiously for the first few segments, as if it was going to turn into a survival horror or something. The game uses a ""hover your cursor to scan an object"" system, and it allows for a lot more ""character"" to be added to the environment. I would've liked if there was more lore/exposition tucked into some of the scannable objects. Same goes for the computer logs. I get that you wouldn't want the important logs to get lost in a sea of mundane notes, but it's a relatively easy way to reward the explorers.I think the use of a chatbot as the basis of a game is a novel concept. Old text-parsing games used the text to cope with graphic limitations. The omniscient narrator would tell you there was a KEY on the ground because it didn't necessarily require rendering a key. You don't need to be told that exits are available to the (E)ast and (S)outh, because you can move around and see where the exits are. Creating a text-parsing character gives an excuse to use this concept in modern games. As a chatbot, the AI can only answer your questions to the best of its ability as an in-universe character. Unfortunately, the breadth and depth of the conversations are pretty limited (or at least itseemsthat way based on what I was able to get from my playthroughs).The text-parsing functionality of the game was the most disappointing part (though to its credit, it mostly handled my typos in stride). There were many instances in which it seemed like the AI had already chosen a response before I even asked a question (as if a series of answers had been queued up, and one was dispensed each time you entered a new line of text), or it gave me an unrelated answer in order to switch the topic to move the story along (or because one keyword triggered a programmed response even if it was being used in a totally different context(for example: using the word ""its"" triggered a conversation about the I.T.S. company)).  This was pretty frustrating, and sometimes it's hard to tell if the AI is just not up to the task, or if thecharacterof the AI is ""choosing"" to ignore your question. The game is quite short overall, so I could understand finding it wasteful to add thousands of additional conversation trees that most players will never see, but chatbots always seem less robust once they start repeating themselves, especially if you're actively trying to get new responses. Obviously there's only so much ""learning"" you can allow and keep the story & pacing intact, but this game is opening some important doors.It's the end of the road / 10"
,Recommended,470260,33235854,Posted: 4 July,all,Dazzyls,"I'm just going to try to keep it short.Event[0] is a very cool experience. The thing that struck me most about the game is the overal atmosphere Ocelot Society managed to achieve: a very cool mix between 80s and Sci-Fi. The interaction with Kaizen (the AI you're supposed to talk to) is also really nice and at some points actually pretty funny as well, but sometimes it can be a bit difficult to get what you're supposed to say to him, which is also one of the problems of the whole games. It isn't very good in telling you what it wants from you. To keep myself from going up and down an elevator 1000 times I had to look up some Youtube videos to understand what I was supposed to do.Another downside of this game is its length. As you can see I've only got 3 hours in this game because that was enough to finish it. If this game was as expensive as other games of the same length (Portal for example) I would be ok with that, but this game is really overpriced. I wouldn't mind playing it another time to find all the stuff and get all the achievements I didn't find the first time I played it, but that would still not make it worth the full price, so NEVER GET THIS GAME IF IT'S NOT ON SALE.To sum it up:Pros:+ Amazing atmosphere+ Pretty graphics+ Nice interaction with the AICons:- Really overpriced for its length- The game isn't really good in telling you what you're supposed to doDo keep in mind though that this game was only made by a very small company with only a couple of people. (I believe I heard the team has even been reduced to two people)"
76561197971293942,Not Recommended,470260,33398085,Posted: 9 July,all,Karhu,"I was pretty excited to play this, it looked neat, and I remember doing some AI programming like this in college. In the end, I was pretty underwhelmed. I'm ok with the short length, but there weren't enough moments where I felt something special was happening with the AI. Mostly, you just walk around and tell Kaizen to open doors for you. The ending(s) are pretty lame too."
76561198118766830,Recommended,470260,25518070,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Señor,"So I have beaten the game twice now and I have to say, Great work! The game's puzzles are fun and unique. The retro 80/90's atmosphere is likable and cool. One of my biggest problems with the game is that is is way too short. I understand that the AI is the main focus of this game, but come on! Give us sometime to actually build a relatioship with it. I want MORE!Pros:AI was fun to talk toStory was interestingMultiple endingsThe atmosphere was beautifulCons:Somewhat buggy at timesUnoptimizedSome basic sentences will through off the AITOO SHORT"
76561198025120297,Not Recommended,470260,29121583,Posted: 8 January,all,hlorange,"Buggy buggy buggy. Before the loading bug I was able to play the game just fine, and enjoyed it. But leaving it unusable for Mac users for a prolonged time like the developer has done, shows he does not give a c**p about his users. Stay away"
,Recommended,470260,25612522,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,DarkTimes,"Awesome game. Clever mechanics, uses its mechanic to enhance its story which is thought prevoking and telling. Definatly worth your time and you money."
,Recommended,470260,25741076,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Tarsus,Fairly short but with multiple endings and an almost endless amount of AI interaction.  Great overall but i wish there was more of it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eLvOsRLVKg
,Recommended,470260,30047864,Posted: 19 February,all,Wormoxide,"LikedAn AI that seems demonic and has an attitude towards programmers.Depressed cleaning robots.An immersive atmosphere of sights and sounds.Nostalgic text adventure game intermixed with modern 3D world exploration.Paper folding.Rummaging through peoples personal stuff.DislikedThe opening sequence is abysmal.  There are better ways the game could have presented backstory.  However, the game went with walls of text that stops for the player to make meaningless clicks. Even a cinematic cutscene would have been an improvement.  There is also no way to skip the opening.Understandably, there are limitations, however the AI will sometimes repeat what it just said or say something out of context.There is not a lot of depth to the interactions with the AI in the physical space. A glorified door opener mostly.Autosave saves over whatever slot is in use.  Sorry no easy backtracking for multiple endings.Overall: ★ ★ ★ ☆ ☆Serviceable, could have been longer and had more story depth.  Like an arty short movie rather than something, more filling.  Not necessarily a bad thing."
,Recommended,470260,28848343,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Get Spooked,"Get it on sale, worth a playthrough if you get it around $10Interesting game, but too short for the asking price. Feels more like a pretty demo than a full game."
76561198140097284,Recommended,470260,33447107,Posted: 10 July,all,ToniSparks,"Goosebumps for hours! Awesome storytelling and mechanics, totally loved it."
,Recommended,470260,25545597,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,FunkyFrog,"This is a very good narrative gameIt's very funny to chat with Kaizen. Sometimes he is cool, sometimes he want to make dangerous ""jokes"".Also, the game is beautiful, and the 80's vibe is cool.Well, if you like space, and narrative game, this one will make you think about AI and human condition,go for it!"
,Recommended,470260,28144886,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,MRZ.Re,love it!
,Recommended,470260,30174435,Posted: 25 February,all,Junkrat Main in Overwatch,"It's a very unique game it's not often that you come across such a game. I was actually suprised on how good the A.I is at responding to my questions/answers (although it's not perfect). I enjoyed just talking to the A.I and learning about what happened. As other reviews say, the games storyline isn't that long (~2h for me)"
,Not Recommended,470260,28756372,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Bomber Cube,"This was a bit of a slog to get through.I didn't really enjoy my time with this, but I saw some good things.I'd love to see what the Ocelot Society comes up with next but I think the interactive AI held them back.I've heard other people become charmed by the AI, but for me the AI was just a struggle to deal with. The AI was entertaining for the first 2 rooms then the holes were very apparent. Maybe I just write differently than most people because the illusion of the AI faded for me quickly. I like the idea of it, but the text logs were so much more informative.I think this game is going in the right direction narratively, but missed it's mark. I really enjoyed discovering the transcribed conversations and learning about this crew. These little overheard chats are most of the plot development I experienced. A lof of information was not explained. Often when you ask the AI it seems confused. If I asked something too early or in the wrong place the AI would respond with very basic information or nothing relevant.The atmosphere of the game was pretty spot on. The scripted event in the middle was exciting and felt well executed. Shaders and lighting would change when you stepped over door frames, making some rooms very difficult to see into once you stepped into them.This is a great $3-$7 indie game experience. $20 isn't worth the experience I had. $12 is closer while still being more than I would choose to pay in hindsight."
76561197978600652,Not Recommended,470260,33800391,Posted: 25 July,all,Hyomoto,"I wanted to like this game thanks to it's novel idea of having you interact with a chatbot, but honestly what it comes down to is the AI just isn't smart enough.  I think the game wants you to chock it up to the plot to explain some of it's quirks or shortcomings, but even so it feels like you are interacting by chance.  It's hard to tell if you happened to type something it responded to, or if it was just luck.  Only about half my sentences yielded sensical responses.  To make things worse, it seems to have very, very limited memory about it's interactions with you.  Often it will ask a question and if you respond with a yes or no you get a canned affirmation rather than a response you'd expect.There are other issues, but they are pretty small.  I hate to say it but the central gimmick doesn't pay off, and with such a lackluster leading man driving the experience I found myself walking out of the theater."
,Recommended,470260,34013636,Posted: 4 August,all,Mizipzor,"A short and intriguing walking simulator with rather mundane puzzles. The games core pillar, the ship AI you communicate with, is sadly not at all convincing answering too often with gibberish. Recommended, but barely."
,Recommended,470260,25623459,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,RefugeZero,"Very short for the price (I beat my first playthrough in < 3 hours) but I definitely want to play it again and see what sort of trouble I can get into.The story is ok, it seems like they basically took the story from Starship Titanic and replaced the scripted dialog with a fairly robust chatbot.  The controls are a bit funny sometimes, but flying around with the jetpack is fun.The audio design is tremendously well executed, probably the strongest part of the whole experience aside from the chatbot.  My first time entering the ship (right at the start of the game) definitely elevated my heartrate quite a bit."
,Recommended,470260,34353003,Posted: 19 August,all,Werewoof,"This is a neat little game with a story I enjoyed a lot. It can be a bit tricky to figure out what to do or where exactly to go, especially depending on how you interact with Kaizen. But that honestly is half the fun. Kaizen is a neat little AI and the design is amazing. It's a good couple hours of fun."
,Recommended,470260,31218184,Posted: 18 April,all,LORD JARAXXUS,"Игра классная, атмосфера завораживающая, таинственная. Однако есть баг с освящением в коридоре, но это не значительно + добавьте русский, а то давно уже обещаете, все никак не добавили.10 говорящих ИИ из 10-ти"
,Recommended,470260,25743185,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Snusk og rusk,Fun little game with a interesting AI-chatbot and puzzles. Don't expect a long game though.
76561198025035036,Recommended,470260,25505373,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,The !ncred!ble Man,"I really enjoyed this short, but entertaining experience. The puzzles were pretty easy to solve, but the interaction with the AI was enjoyable, if a bit limited.I'm not sure how I feel about the price. I think the developers deserve to get paid for crafting a unique, interesting title. But I am a little bummed about how quickly I ran through it.One thing I want to add: Don't call the phone number in the beginning. It's for a real-life fire station in Palo Alto. I thought it was part of the game, but the person I talked to didn't seem thrilled by my call."
76561198202297112,Recommended,470260,25506809,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,valkyrie28,Intresting storyline and beautiful graphics. AI is actually very convincing.
,Not Recommended,470260,29159925,Posted: 10 January,all,p-himik,"Incredibly short game (finished it in under 3 hours, even though got stuck a couple of times), the trailer basically shows you the whole game. Unbelievably limited AI that can't answer on the most basic questions. Poorly optimized - very long loads, most other games with similar/better graphics run on my PC much better."
,Recommended,470260,29864596,Posted: 11 February,all,GenericName,"1st Playthrough impression:PROS:TerminalsArtificial Intelligence dialoguesSpace shipRetro- 1980's envisioned technologyConsNot enough hacking (i feel like there could be a little bit codes to play around with, if there are, they're not painfully obvious)not enough enviromental threats (space was only hostile in that the lack of oxygen is the only real threat)Overall 10/10 for a $20 game, worth every penny i think.If you like Gone Home, pick it up, if you like Alien Isolation and the retro terminals in that game, find a better review, then decide if you want to buy."
,Recommended,470260,29882869,Posted: 12 February,all,Hopipotamus,"Honestly, this game is great. I love how neato the AI is and how it can respond to almost any thing you tell it."
76561198035857941,Not Recommended,470260,29069622,Posted: 6 January,all,Ethern33,I now know what it feels like to be on the other end of Indian Tech Support.No matter how many times I try to rephrase my question the person on the other end has no idea what I'm talking about.It has a lot of potential if you phrase you questions right though!
,Recommended,470260,26277791,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Gargaj,Oppressive hard scifi about arguing with a computer - the story lacks a bit but otherwise quite well done.
,Recommended,470260,26337428,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Spockrates,"I really enjoyed this game. The atmosphere it created, and of course the interactions with Kaizen, were fantastic."
,Not Recommended,470260,25576562,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,IAmFromAustria,"Chatting with the A.I. seems like a fun gimmick at first, but you soon notice that it doesn't recognize most of the questions you ask it and that it doesn't really matter what you type. Even if you spam random keys and not answer it's questions the A.I. will just pretent you're playing along and tell you the story. A system with chat choices would've felt way better for me but the A.I. is what really made this game interesting."
,Not Recommended,470260,34463865,Posted: 24 August,all,Alfred Doomsbury,"I feel there are two main problems with this game:- Far too short- Not clear what to doThere are also some smaller problems, like the game occasionally freezing and having to be restarted (happened to me twice on Mac) and Kaizen not understanding follow up questions/responses, but these are the two main ones.Just as I had gotten to what seemed like the inciting incident of the story, the credits began. The game seems like a very long prologue, with much left unexplored. It gives the impression that there is lots to be uncovered about the ship and what happened on it, but unfortunately we don't get a chance to uncover it.It's often not clear what to do. I found myself stumbling around for ages trying to get something to work, then realising I just had to ask the terminal in for a third time. Some of the things you have to do just don't make much sense, like playing on a piano through a computer terminal to unlock the 'manual' mode for some probes so that I can smash them into a window. Was I meant to work that out for myself?What I did like:- Interesting AI personality, I was never sure if I could trust it or not- Space station looks very nice, I just wish I could have played it without all my graphics turned down (I guess that's a Mac thing)- The climax was very enjoyable- Cool name :)"
,Not Recommended,470260,25777526,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Arctiq,"While I do love this game for the concept alone, there wasn't much in the way of gameplay to really keep me moving forward. The AI concept was brilliant, but after talking to Kaizen for a while it felt samey. It didn't feel like you were talking to an actual AI. It felt like you were typing in words and and getting a somewhat irrelevant response (think of a worse Cleverbot). It really broke the immersion for me in what could've been a fun exploration game. Although there wasn't much to explore. While the environments are beautiful, the areas you can actually walk around in are too few and too small.What it boils down to with this game is that you walk around, look at stuff, open doors, hopefully getting a story out of a smartass computer, and opening more doors.I've heard this game is also really short, around 2 hours.This game definately isn't worth $20. If you can pick this up for around $5, then you should definately check it out. But right now it's a bit of a scam at $20."
,Not Recommended,470260,30210760,Posted: 26 February,all,Wrathzog,"Very cool gimmick but it's a bit pricey for what you get out of it.Technically, it's kind of a mess.  The initial load into the game took over a minute for me which is pretty insane considering how simple the game world is.I'd say grab it if you can get it for like 5 bucks."
76561197979867148,Not Recommended,470260,29973463,Posted: 16 February,all,Enthusiast,"Moving with the mouse is very cumbersome, innovative or not. Play time of 3 hours is too short for the price. The world is interesting and creative in some places but empty and useless in others. The gameplay itself is interesting even though it doesn't have much to do with hacking. The answers of the ""AI"" are limited and rule-based (to get the story forward, yes, but still...). All in all, the story isn't bad, however, given the loneliness and slow progress it's just not much fun to play."
76561198037335422,Not Recommended,470260,25789314,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lincoln Osiris,"While I really dig the idea and the whole setting,the game seems somewhat badly optimized. It isliterally the only game in my complete arsenal that drivesmy cpu absolutely nuts. Sadly...unplayable for me."
,Recommended,470260,25515813,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Vegan Atheist,"I asked Kaizen (the AI) if it believed in god.It replied:""I believe in entropy"".I am SOOOO stealing that.Overall, the game is quite short. I beat it in 2.5 hours but it does have some replay  value for different endings AND for playing around with the AI.Generally, the AI is pretty accurate when it responds to your comments and inquiries. You can also insult and p!ss Kaizen off. I don't know how many various responses there are but I think there are a plenty because the game is 6GB yet it's so short.7/10"
,Recommended,470260,30864548,Posted: 31 March,all,ZDuke,"Quite possibly the best game I have ever played in my life.  The AI was kind of clunky at times, but it's every oddity plays into the story beautifully.  If you're looking for an experience like no other, look no farther, this can hardly be called a game, as it's focus is more story than gameplay, it feels more like an interactive movie at times, especially when coupled with cinema-quality graphics.  It even has replay value despite being a narrative based game, because almost everything you do has some impact on the story you play.  This game is well worth the $20 it costs, and I would recommend this to anyone who is tired of the usual point and shoot gameplay of every other game on the market.10/10"
,Not Recommended,470260,25547774,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"ForEvent[0]it comes down to a dollars-and-cents issue.I love me a good walking simulator. I really do, AND I love the scenario put forth here, but the first hour didn't grab me as much as I'd hoped. Coupling that with the knowledge that this game is between 1 and 4 hours just forced my hand to refund. The first hour was moderately fun, but nothing mind blowing.Ho hum."
,Not Recommended,470260,28997730,Posted: 3 January,all,Zen,"Your goal in Event[0] is to get home by interaction with an A.I. A odd game indeed, but a game I was hoping that would blow my expectations. I was a bit disappointed. There is not a lot to cover here since the game is a bit short, so will get to the points:Cons:- Time.This is one of the classic just over 2 hour games you will encounter on Steam, so be aware of that. Event[0] can be beaten really quickly even if you do try to take your time with it. I averaged around 3 - 3.5 hours of game time and that was with one playthrough trying to be friendly with the A.I, with which we will get into in a second... When you figure out how to talk to the A.I, the game can be done at a much quicker pace. Speeding through it will defeat the purpose of it though, so expect a short experience that might not leave you feeling content.- A.I.The A.I that you will be interacting with on your journey can be a bit of a hassle. The dialog will start repeating itself after awhile and some commands that in theory should work, don't. Instead of building a relationship, I felt more let down that the language barrier kept me from achieving that. In the end, I just wanted to push through the rest and wanted it to end.-StoryThe story could of been great. Despite the fact that there were so many annoyances in this game, I still wanted to see it play out. I thought if I could keeping going, it could only get better. I was wrong. As *spoiler* free as possible, the transition from mid to end game caught me off guard. It could of been expanded on so much but just fell short.-HitchingI run on a higher end rig with 16 gigs, I5, 1080, etc., so there should be no excuse on the constant hitching. Every couple minutes, the game will hitch for a couple seconds and then resume playing. When you are really trying to zone-in into an experience like this, it really takes away from the whole immersion of it. Current as of 1/1.-ReplayabilityAs with a lot of games now, multiple endings is one of Event[0]'s features. Wanting to do it is another thing though. Yes the game could technically be played again for all of the endings, thus expanding the time played, but when you remember all of the little problems adding up throughout your playthough, you start to feel not so wanting to play again.Pros/Mixed:-Environment: Aesthetically pleasing, I really loved wondering around the universe I was in.-Music: I did enjoy the limited amount of music, though it could of been expanded on more. Really repetitive after awhile.Overall I can't recommend Event[0]. To me, it felt more like a demo then a full release game. If you do decide to pick it up though, aim for the $5-$10 area and the blow will feel more justified."
76561198331488181,Not Recommended,470260,29065736,Posted: 6 January,all,GeniewithaThrottle,This game has alot of promise. Better graphics and story line are a must. Watch out for the deadening intro
76561197970797348,Recommended,470260,28939414,Posted: 2 January,all,Drib,"tldr: Recommended if on sale.Event[0] is a fun little puzzle game.  You wander around a derelict starship, mostly finding unusual keys for unusual doors, in the traditional adventure game style.The environments are well-crafted and the game looks great.  The ship is all very 80's, from CRT TVs and monitors, to the general styling of all the decor.  The AI is generally functional and seems to mostly understand what you're saying, when it's not just nudging you rather insistently toward the puzzle solution.  The puzzles themselves are alternatively talking to the AI or typing in bits of clues you've found here and there.But the game is billed as a puzzle game in which you need to build a relationship with the AI.  This is not the case.  Kaizen will change his tone a bit depending on how you act, but ""open door d1"" will work, ""open door d1 please, Kaizen, thank you"" will work, and ""open the goddamn door"" will work too.  Kaizen will just be snarkier if you curse at him, but nothing else changes.  This is not a gameplay mechanic, it's just fluff.Also the game is like two, three hours long.  Tops.  It's normally twenty freaking dollars.  Go watch two movies for that money, and you've doubled your entertainment time.So, you know, fun game, but short and a little mis-advertised."
76561197977430370,Recommended,470260,28731907,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,.rama,Nice to try something a litlle bit different :)
,Recommended,470260,25877400,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,-Gorf-,"Very enjoyable game, but pick it up on sale. Can easily be beaten in 2 hours. Not worth full price."
76561198046666922,Recommended,470260,28722004,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Bobbert,"A tad pricey and a tad short, but all in all I would wholeheartedly recommend this game, especially if you can get it on sale. Only about 3 hours for a playthrough, but I've paid more money (than I paid for this; 40% off means $11.99) for a shorter movie and considered it worth it.If you enjoy The Stanley Parable, 2001: A Space Odyssey, or even just talking with Cleverbot, this game is for you."
76561198086657050,Recommended,470260,28733665,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,marsmann007,"Never played a better game!This game is soo deep. It feels like you are in the game. Not because the graphics are realistic, but because the feelings and the strory is so intense that you can't stop playing until you have reached the end. And the feeling you get when you make the ""right"" choice, even when you think there is only one way out, just try and be patient.You are the storyteller!"
76561197985151938,Recommended,470260,28738354,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,centipedia,"The plot is well-written and coherent (an unusual thing for a video game). Some of the puzzles obnoxiously abstruse. The game is beautiful throughout, although short."
76561198198678922,Recommended,470260,28687965,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rude Rick,"Short story but with it brings a complex great story with lots of lore and suprises, if you are thinking about getting this I recommend getting it 100%"
76561198023675102,Not Recommended,470260,28817201,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Moriarty,"OSX. After the initial cut-scene (5 minutes), the game goes into an endless LOADING loop and would not load the game. Apparently this problem was first reported on Dec 8th 2016 and a month later nothing is fixed.Going to return this game"
,Recommended,470260,28696638,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[=NM=] Jutral,"A great little game. There isn't a lot of gameplay here (a little over 2 hours), but it's a fun storyline of a gametype that delves into a Sci-Fi mystery. It reminds me a bit of the Stanley Parable. I wish there were more games of this style."
76561197998143434,Recommended,470260,30269568,Posted: 1 March,all,SteelRodent,"Event[0] is something every sci-fi fan should experience, just once, but it is ridiculously overpriced for what little you get for the money and you shouldn't expect too much going into it. For the most part, the entire duration of the game feels more like the unfinished first level of a much bigger game, rather than a complete product.As a concept, this game is great, but it fails hard in the execution by having very little to offer.The game's (overhyped) core feature (and the only actual mechanic) is interacting with the so-called AI, but its text comprehension interface is so terrible that it very quickly becomes a frustrating gimmick rather than a mechanic that can truly carry the game. According to the story, the system is from the 1980s, which very much seems like it's just an excuse for why it's so bad, except the text interface in Sierra's adventure games from the 1980s is far superior and way more intelligent that what you get in Event[0]. The word recognition is mildly put appaling and it is very, very difficult to make Kaizen stop repeating the same crap over and over, which means getting to the meat of the story takes a ridiculous amount of patience and time. Basically there's no sign of any kind of AI, but rather you get to interact with one of the worst written chatbots ever conceived. Once you trigger a subject, Kaizen will carry on about that one subject pretty much irrelevant of what you type in. For the most part he flat out ignores what you're writing to the point where you can type gibberish and he'll give you the same piece of text either way. You can even type the same line 20 times and eventually he'll move on to the next event by himself, without being told to open the door or such like you're supposed to do.Overall the game is pretty and the visual style has been carried through every room in great detail, but the environment you get to explore is miniscule and you're not allowed to interact with anything whatsoever other than Kaizen's terminals, which gives off the sensation that you're not meant to be a participant in the story, but only there to watch and trigger the next event.The default mouse-only controls are terrible and unintuitive, but luckily it's possible to switch to a proper WASD control scheme, which makes a lot of things, like EVA, much easier. The game even has a proper graphics settings menu, although the engine isn't able to produce 60 fps unless you turn a lot of the DX11 options off, which luckily has no visible impact whatsoever."
76561198027875510,Not Recommended,470260,30284751,Posted: 2 March,all,dunnolol.b,Interesting but need some serious optimization. The content is clearly not so big but loading time is huge and there are a lot of occasional freezes. Very difficult to play and enjoy.
76561197997424746,Not Recommended,470260,28460492,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mavnus (Pants),"Too Short.The game was way too short for how much I paid for it.  The interactions with the AI were very cool, but it seems there could have been so much more to do in general.  Not worth re-playing for the different endings."
,Recommended,470260,26431581,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,thewalkinman,"Yeah this was awesome, even if it was about 20 bucks. It was very imersive, I found myself pleading,arguing, and even doubting that damned computer. Heart raced as I was pretty sure I was going to die, and a breath of relief as I made it to the end. Great replay value, simple controls, decent graphics for what it is, and cool story. 9/10."
,Recommended,470260,25508689,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ninjaec,Take a deep breath and calm yourself.Because you will only enjoy this game if you take your time and don't rush through it.The game tells a great story where you form a relationship with a computer AI never knowing if its' intentions are good or bad.To sum it up:* Great game* Too short and thus the price is too high.
76561197962108249,Recommended,470260,25595403,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,tknojnky,"Amazing, such an awesome game! Well worth the price."
,Recommended,470260,30020616,Posted: 18 February,all,Useless Wagstar,"I would reccomend this game. If you're not too good at typing, I reccomend practicing beforhand, because it's a lot of typing. Movement is a very small portion of the game, which is nice, since a lot of puzzle games are purely movement based. It took around 4 and a half hours for me to play through it, but it's extermely variable, and it could take a lot less or a lot more time. The story is kind of weird, and ends in a sort of cliffhanger. Overall, I'd say it's worth it."
,Recommended,470260,31651154,Posted: 9 May,all,ۜ۶๖Moτʜʀɪɴ εїз,"Wonderful. Like, just get it. The story is quite interesting... and while a few things feel like they could be polished, it is already a shiny star."
76561198001237649,Recommended,470260,28172727,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Not_Sure,"Very short game but very well done. Take your time and enjoy it, read everything, talk to the AI, READ THE LOGS at every terminal. If you liked the game ""Cradle"" you'll like this game. If you like this game you'll like Cradle. These are the kinds of games I like to support, quality over quantity."
76561198005444839,Recommended,470260,28114113,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,William_Dracul,"Good science-fiction, solid story, looks wonderful and the computer-talking mechanic is quite good. It's short, better to play in one sitting. Recomended."
76561197991588338,Not Recommended,470260,27030811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ciphertext,"The idea was a good one.  The execution was not, however.  The game had a lot of potential that could have been developed into an interesting and enjoyable game.  I wish I could get a refund.  The ending is horrid.  I feel I have wasted my time and money."
,Not Recommended,470260,28701048,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Lumps Plays,"If this game were 5$ or under, I'd wholeheartedly recommend it.But as it is now? It's 2 hours of decent gameplay, with an unsatisfying ending.The developers say, ""Play this game with a really cool AI that has emotion that you need to get to know, etc!"" but then completely spoils that entire concept with the ending. I don't want to spoil it, but it felt like a cop out.I feel ripped off a bit, tbh. I requested a refund, I hope I get it. I could have bought literally 4 other games with the money I used to buy this less-than-stellar 2 hour experience.EDIT: Gametime reads 3.2 because I played through the game while preparing dinner. Also the reason I didn't get a a refund. Sigh."
76561197963476008,Recommended,470260,25582957,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Drunkin Dragon,"Decent game, interesting story. If you pay attention and dig around, you find out what happens.Not worth $20, due to how short it is. However, its inovated enough where I would recommend paying 5-10"
,Recommended,470260,31029631,Posted: 8 April,all,doctor 7,Disappointed you can't romance the A.I. but this isn't a BioWare game.
76561198052865327,Not Recommended,470260,30274731,Posted: 2 March,all,Judge,"I would love to be able to play this game, but ten minutes into the first loading screen, on my third try running the game, I haven't gotten a taste. Dev's promise a fix to this very simple issue, but it's been months."
,Recommended,470260,25654550,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Moose,Great narrative driven game with a very unique spin on it.Remember to take full advantage of the talking computer!
,Not Recommended,470260,33391097,Posted: 8 July,all,Licensed to rock,"linear, soft locked, no lateral thinking."
76561198341387399,Recommended,470260,28488196,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TheNerdyDoctor,"This game will remind you of 2001: A Space Odyessey, Alien and The Martian. And it's great for people that has a kid that like going to space in their heart this is for you"
76561198005643655,Recommended,470260,30224467,Posted: 27 February,all,OKAY,"Open D2, please. Thanks Kaizen. I love you."
,Not Recommended,470260,28929654,Posted: 1 January,all,Vibrato,"If you have a mac there's a good chance this game will never get past the loading screen. I wish I had been able to experience the game proper, but what I saw wasn't all that promising. The title/ loading screens were almost an eyesore with the text not even fitting on the screen at times, and the exposition was cumbersome and unneccesary, and not particularly well written. I would have put up with all that though, had the game actually worked."
76561198071654340,Recommended,470260,28294076,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,ubiytsa.komarov,"It is a one of the best games, that i play in 2016.Allusions to the Space Odyssey 2001 are elegant, but also to Blade RunnerThis is one of the few games that make you think after passing.Storyline and the interaction with the character prevails over the gameplay, but such is the experimental genre.p.s.Bad that is not translated into Russian.But this is a good reason to learn English :)Разработчики крутые ребята!"
,Recommended,470260,33152476,Posted: 2 July,all,🐺 GhostWolf 🐺,"Short but very fun game. played 3 times to get all achievments, first play through is about 2 hours as you figure things out. repeated playthroughs are much faster of course. worth the purchase for sure."
76561197961232293,Recommended,470260,33408978,Posted: 9 July,all,no1z,Its short. Really short. But short and sweet. Kaizen is a stellar character though and if you can get the game on sale it may be worth it just to interact with him.
76561198008320655,Not Recommended,470260,25562169,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Adnamhain,"I'm not usually one to balk at a games length, but this just feels so.. incomplete.  At 2 hours and $20, you'd have to provide something astronomically spectacular and I'm afraid Event0 really falls flat on that.The story is decent enough, yes... but with a scant handful of environments and enough puzzles to flesh out a free demo and not much else, all this game has to fall back on is its adaptive AI. But really, once you start trying to converse with ""Kaizen"", you quickly get a feel for how limited it really is- completely off topic answers and directed herding make you feel less awed by the atmosphere and more shoved through it by a unintelligable foreign tour guide who's late for lunch."
,Recommended,470260,25502693,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,South Paw,"Great game, the story is really good as well. Its pretty short. But overall its a great experience. Really immersive. Would recommend many times over. Completed time if you know what your doing and dont take anytiem to solve puzzles is around 2.5+ hours"
,Recommended,470260,28738501,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Scerttle,"Awesome little game that all ""walking simulators"" wish were half as good. I was completely 100% on board with chatting to the ship's AI to uncover plot details and the like. It's not perfect (very much on the short side), but what's here is fantastic. Would love a sequel or something to that effect, possibly with scaled back graphics and more fleshed out story."
,Recommended,470260,28205912,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,11198A,"The best game I have ever play.The view is good.The story is wonderful.the move is also good for me.But the thing attract me most is the Kaizen.He just like a real AI.He can understand what you are talking,he can be sad or angry,he also can't get some of your point.I love him so much.He just like a friend of mine.But I still want he can understand more what I am talking about,like ""can you thing?""I don't think the game is so expencive.It worth the price.TRY IT!!AND BE MORE FRIENDLY TO THE Kaizen-85you will enjoy it."
76561197961158819,Not Recommended,470260,25534000,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,1FSTCAT,"I'm really disappointed with this game. It's a great idea and I really wanted to get into it. Most of the game is typing and ""conversing"" with the computer. Except - the conversation is fake. As another reviewer stated: ""For most of the AI ""interactions"" the game doesn't care what you type, it just has a set of dialogue to get through.""You can just enter garbage and much of the time the comptuer just throws back canned responses, much of the time, the responses are even relevent to what you typed."
,Recommended,470260,30230678,Posted: 27 February,all,zzymyn,Interacting with the AI had some pretty cool moments and the exploration was nice too.
,Recommended,470260,30805312,Posted: 28 March,all,>>>RICECREAM,"Beautiful,  Absolutely beautiful.This game holds a special place in my heart.  It is story driven and drives you to explore and ask questions that you just can't in any other game.  the music in game is timed so perfectly to make you really feel the depth and stress and lonliness of the situation you find yourself in.  As for your only companion, Kaizen is a querky AI that can be quite the conversationalist if you give him the time.  He has so much personality and it is all based on how you treat him.  He can be confrontational or happy to help in any way he can.  I truly believe i will never forget the heart felt story this game puts you through.If you want a sci-fi story game based on interaction and exploration I would highly recommend this game.10/10"
76561198302045441,Recommended,470260,25782028,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,WickedSplash,"I think that this game is good, but it a little too short. Wish it would have more content, but overall it is a very good experience. I would definitely recommend this game. It was very intriguing!"
76561198083308245,Recommended,470260,25789457,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lars Ulrich,Pros:+Has replay value because of different endings.+Kaizen answers almost every questions except stupid ones.+Kaizen <3Cons:-Optimisation could have been better. (Played it with GTX960 and FPS dropped at some points. Generally 45-60)-Too short gameplayConclusion: Play this game. Enjoy. Then play it again... And don't **** with Kaizen
,Recommended,470260,25502341,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Hans Von Manschaft,"This is reminiscent of Douglas Adams Starship Titanic, having conversations with Marsinta the deskbot, not far into it but already in love with the visuals and AI interation.Edit: After playing for a few hours, the AI is interesting, but not as well developed as i'd like to have seen, sometimes incoherent sentences will make things work, while common sense questions didn't."
,Recommended,470260,25758464,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Hyena-Princess,"The game was amazing; amazing concept, and followed through. If I could make a suggestion I'd say, more content, make Kaizen more understanding, and truthfully just more content. I'm excited to see where this goes next."
76561198027918728,Not Recommended,470260,26072392,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,FinEnthusiastic,"Game crashes after a text-adventure like intro level on the subsequent loading screen. Can't get past that loading screen.I'm running:Windows 10 64bitGTX960Mi7 Quad (Ivy)Very disappointing... save your money, get something that actually runs."
,Not Recommended,470260,25519687,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Scavenger Six,"If Event[0] has caught your eye, just put it on your wishlist and wait until it's 50% off. There is a 2 hour limit on its Steam Refund, and it will probably take you only slightly longer than that to complete the game. It is NOT worth the $19.99 pricetag!Now, to be completely fair, I WOULD purchase it for $9.99. Interaction with the AI can be engaging, there are some tense moments throughout and completing objectives feels sufficiently rewarding. But the asking price is not worth the sudden pullout just when you're really started to enjoy yourself. For twenty dollars you expect something the length of Portal 2 and what you get is not exactly Hugh Mungus, more like♥♥♥♥♥♥Slittleman. For $20 you could get yourself two or three games other games of the same length and enjoy yourself infinitely more.Buyer's remorse is the only thing that awaits the man who pays full price for this game."
76561197973609102,Not Recommended,470260,25533733,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Cybrosys,"Everything was too scripted. The AI was scripted and gave weird replies/responses depending on which room I was in, as it was trying to lead me onwards. Typing commands and requests for information that any sci-fi person would get just resulted in jibberish replies about ""You should read the logs"" or something similar. This game does not live up to the awards and reviews, sorry. I got a refund."
,Not Recommended,470260,25736568,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,thezulk,"It is way to short. I expected the story to take off, but the take off never came.For the price I expected 3-4 times the length.That said it has good graphics and intresting gameplay, but it feels more like a demo than a full game."
,Recommended,470260,34277490,Posted: 16 August,all,.Reflected.,"A very good game!If you like games like Portal and Soma, then you will love this one!"
,Not Recommended,470260,25573335,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Turbo,"I mean, sure, I recommend this game, because it was enjoyable, but there were a few things I didn't like. For one, this game seems to for some reason have rediculous graphical requirements... a GTX 970 is the recommended card?! It's not even all that graphically advanced. I have a 980ti and at one point the entire game lagged out hard for a good 15 seconds. There's no reason that a 980ti should struggle with a game like this. Another complaint: and I know this isn't really a quality issue, but the game as a whole seemed short. It was really enjoyable, but short. Finally, the AI, sure it has conversations with you, but it's nothing cleverbot couldn't have done five years ago. the conversations don't really flow at all and sometimes the responses from the computer don't relate at all to what you said.So, overall, good game and good game concept, but a few things that should've been adjusted before release.66/100"
76561198025825848,Not Recommended,470260,28974505,Posted: 3 January,all,JimbotMKV,Unfortunately I am unable to play this game on my Mac. As alot of people have mentioned previously the programme will not load past the initial intro. This is a shame as I was looking forward to this. Hopefully this will be patched by the developers soon so I can hopefully play this game and update my review as such.13-Jan-2017 - Right now this is fixed I can get into it. Hopefully update to a positive review soon.
76561197970728489,Recommended,470260,25525556,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,fb1907thh,Farklı bir deneyim.(İngilizce şart.)
76561198195415343,Recommended,470260,30828359,Posted: 30 March,all,themonkeymessiah,"I personally enjoyed this game alot, the A.I in this is incredibly sassy and i would recomend this game to most people.... just not at full price, the length of the game jus doesnt justify a 22$ price tag. but it was a great expeience and think this was amazingly done"
,Recommended,470260,25763585,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Firenyth,"Great game, though an option to skip the beginning would be nice."
76561197963281618,Recommended,470260,25505195,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Shazbot01,"I finished this game in about 5 hours, and it's a good buy on sale. Your interactions with the AI aren't really that interesting, but it has some nice puzzles and story twists."
76561198039227604,Recommended,470260,26404993,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,empty,You really get out what you put into this game. I am digging into the different ways to play the game and finding all the endings and enjoying every minute of it.
76561198119295440,Recommended,470260,28717934,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Aelitalyoko99,"I love this game so much. It was fun talking with Kaizen and piecing the story together ablong the way. I htink what I loved the most was that story wise its kinda like the Turing Test, another great game, exccept I can side with the AI this time. All in all a great game from the story to the atmosphere."
76561198007636384,Recommended,470260,25950780,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Baume,"Excellent game with tons of references and a truly interesting IA to confront and use, questionning the boundaries of the game. Best game of my year so far."
,Recommended,470260,25870586,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,neoadorable,"Shortish exploration game set on a derelict spaceship. Loaded with references to 2001 and especially Blade Runner, the latter being very well done. Gameplay consists of exploring the few areas of the ship and figuring out passwords and memory locations in the AI to unlock subsequent areas. The AI is the main character and has a surprisingly good parser that you can talk to. It makes a difference if you're nice to the computer or hostile, which is quite rewarding. Not an amazing experience but sort of unique, I'd rate it 6/10."
76561198051633961,Recommended,470260,25685666,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,OneEyed,"Event[0] is a neat little game revolving around your interactions with a severely depressed Arifiicial Intelligence as you try to piece together the backstory of the spaceship Natilus.All in all its a great game, 7/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,470260,25680307,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Klunt Mungmeiser,"Some ♥♥♥♥in clever♥♥♥♥♥♥right there, very good, 100x better than cleverbot."
,Recommended,470260,25692739,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Yogi,"As a sci-fi fan as well as narrative games, I enjoyed a lot the experience. I say experience and not game since the gameplay is quitted limited ; more or less basic puzzles and few races against time.Finished in 3 hours and a half straight, I believe the best way to enjoy Event[0] is alone, with headset and nobody around to distract you so that you can really experience the loneliness & despair of the events.The only disruptive elements were the AI that does not respond always accordingly. But you might consider this as part of the overall experience, since you're dealing with a 3 decades year old computer.It's definitely a Yes for me.Games like this needs to be praised.Kudo for the Blade Runner reference."
76561198149076580,Recommended,470260,25695229,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,*****,"A fun game with an excellent premise.  The language-processing was almost perfect, but was the only rough edge in this game -- I did not get the ending which was the ending I was attempting because of it.  That said, language processing is incredibly difficult and the team behind this game ought be proud of what they have accomplished."
,Recommended,470260,25661291,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nuadin,"This was a really fun game to play. I didn't get to interact with Kaizen (the computer) as much as I'd like to but it was overall an interesting story. There are multiple endings to this story so you may get a unique experience at the end from your friends. It's not a particularly long game but I didn't think it was short either. After reading the reviews that said otherwise, I was pleasently surprised by the length."
76561197974793790,Recommended,470260,25677213,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,YotsuMD,I only wish there was more of it. It doesn't take long to complete.
,Recommended,470260,25809258,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TheyCallMeSpy,"My system don't meet minimum.I start play.Cutsense was 60 fps.When I go inside, 10 fps.Trying to tweaking fps.Finally 24 fps.Sometime lag.Ignore it.Should trust below minimum system. - 11/10"
76561197966846556,Recommended,470260,25722985,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,KnightWing,"If you love Artificial Intelligence, that great 70's or 80's sci-fi vibe, and want to play something unique and different, this game's for you.  Think Alien Isolation's vibe meets Wargames-style-interaction meets some of Zork's mechanics and you'll have an idea of what to expect.It's rare I'm blown away by a game, but I've played through this two and a half times, and I likely will again one day.  (I also really want to watch my partner play it.)It's got some interesting lore to discover, cool computer terminals complete w/ jargon, great sound effects, a pretty environment, some hidden things [a few I still haven't found], a few fun puzzles [that stumped me briefly...but I felt very rewarded once I worked them out], and replayabilty (albeit limited) with multiple endings.  The AI interaction is also pretty uncanny and it genuinely surprised me several times.  Without any spoilers, good or bad, I felt a type of relationship with the AI, and that's not an easy thing to manufacture.  I also really loved the endings I've seen and found them satisfying (even if I still wanted more...but doesn't an effective ending sometimes do that?).  The endings will be subjective and I'm sure some might not like them, but they surpassed expectations for me and I genuinely enjoyed all.   I'm also very impressed by the polish and the developers commitment to this title.  Within a week or a little more of purchasing, there were two patches addressing bugs between my first and second playthrough, improving performance a bit (I think), and even introducing a new item purely for fun/lore/atmosphere purposes that wasn't there the first time I played.I think it's also important for a potential purchaser to keep expectations in check and know what they're spending $20 for.  I totally loved it, but you do need to realize a few things.  First and foremost, this is an indie game, and it's relatively short (being fairly thorough, my first playthrough took 3-4 hours, and additional playthroughs are shorter).  Also, this is *supposed* to be a glitchy AI, so don't expect every single thing you say to get the expected outcome.  Sometimes it will say things just to say them/advance the plot, and other times it might misparse what you say (but you can restate and learn how it likes things phrased, and you'll get there).  Despite that, though, what you say absolutely does matter and is demonstratable - trust that I've experienced that firsthand.  =oP  Remember, true AI to this degree is still not a thing, so some suspension of disbelief is required, but once you learn how to talk to the AI and let yourself just enjoy the magic, I think you can have an awesome time with this.  I know I did!I have nothing but kudos for the developers.  This is a game I never consciously knew I wanted or was waiting so long for, and I'm so glad I found it on a whim (YouTube trailer I happened to catch).  I hope that we see more of this type of game and from this developer in the future!"
,Recommended,470260,25726964,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Event[0] is a narrative-based adventure game that takes place on an abandoned space ship in orbit around Jupiter and Europa. It’s mostly well-worn territory, and Event[0] doesn’t really do all that much to advance the genre that is affectionately called “walking simulators”. The setting, characters, and environments are all very clearly influenced by retro-futurism and classic sci-fi stories (2001: A Space Odyssey being the most obvious). There are some light puzzle elements that must be completed in order to advance the narrative which is mostly presented in the form of text logs that can only been accessed through computer terminals.Despite having liked a lot of what Event[0] does, I find it difficult to recommend. For many, the notion of paying for a sub-3 hour game with little replay value is laughable. It’s a completely valid opinion, and considering the game’s many shortcomings, I feel inclined to agree. However, the interactions with Kaizen deserve to be experienced firsthand and I feel that retro-futuristic aesthetics are criminally underused in games as a whole. Check it out if you get the chance, but maybe wait for some pretty deep discounts before taking the plunge on this really brief experience.Check out the full review here:http://www.shatteredjoystick.com/single-post/2016/09/20/Event0--Review"
76561197995231859,Recommended,470260,28368584,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Zinithin,"When I first started the game it asked me if I was a ""he,"" ""she,"" or ""they,"" and all I could think was 'f*** i hope i didn't just waste 20 buckaroos on this.' However, it really didn't have an effect on the game and there wasn't anymore of that stuff.Overall the game was good. If you're in the mood for something different I would highly recommend this game. Game is on the short side, took me 3 hours to beat, but don't let that deter you from buying this amazing experience."
,Recommended,470260,28807262,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,metric.seven,"Short, but worth it :]"
76561198038399212,Recommended,470260,26047576,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,azrael_lw,"This game is a work of art. Beautiful, fun and original."
,Recommended,470260,28186836,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jynx2700,"A very short game at just over 2 hours, but tells a great story with some nice visuals mixed in. Its about equal to a trip to the movies with popcorn."
76561198253208950,Recommended,470260,28195236,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,jessica.maggard,This is one of the best games I have played in awhile. The interaction with the A.I. is a pretty rad Idea. T he AI could have had a more understandable voice however.
76561198065193136,Recommended,470260,33834010,Posted: 27 July,all,Grimm,Very interactive!
,Recommended,470260,30843139,Posted: 30 March,all,Juntei,Interesting story and quite a good system for chatting with the AI. One of the more unique gaming experiences I've had in a while.
,Recommended,470260,30797504,Posted: 28 March,all,I Want To Be An AE86,"Pretty sweet game. if you like SOMA, i think you'll like this game too"
76561198172305450,Recommended,470260,28884943,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Lure77,The game is nice. $20 seems like alot for a game this small but the best part about this game is the computer you talk to. He is not flawless but he is really close. The computer really makes the game and it is almost worth it to just talk to the Kaizen. One of my new favorite games.
,Recommended,470260,28888257,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,lex,Another proof that video game is more efficient at beating diegesis than the sit and watch industry. 10/10
76561197976247269,Recommended,470260,28893697,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Shriek,A great little narrative game with multiple endings. Good atmospherics and mystery to ponder. The diary can be a little hard to find but it is there somewhere ;) Good for an easy afternoon of play with your mouse in one hand and a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster in the other. About 3-4 hours of gameplay so worth grabbing when it's on special.
76561197989988926,Recommended,470260,28910235,Posted: 1 January,all,Amber,"Very cool game, but way too short - it took me less than 4 hours! I liked that you find clues by reading logs in the terminals. It sounds like different endings are possible, so it may have some replay value."
,Recommended,470260,28851989,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,wiregr,"This game is took me completely by surprise. It's not without it's flaws (namely: poor optimization and low framerate), but the setting and the story eclipse them, at least IMHO. It's a game that demands you to pay close attention to small details while you're trying to unravel the truth about what happened decades ago. I started taking notes while I was playing to try and sort out the timeline and it helped immensely.As for the AI - somehow it feels like the flaws make it a bit more believable. Not because it seems particularly smart (because it doesn't), or because it feels ""alive"" (still nope), but because it's imperfect enough to seem plausible. An antique, imperfect, and corrupted ""AI""/chatbot that was created to keep lonely astronauts sane(ish).The atmosphere is definitely creepy and unsettling without resorting to jump scares or cheap tricks. I took my time, and finished the game without resorting to walkthroughs or forums, and I'd say it probably took about 6-8 hours. But I went through at a pretty relaxed pace and enjoyed the experience immensely."
,Recommended,470260,28852262,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mycroftian,"This is a wonderful game. A lot of reviews are complaining about it's length, and it is fairly short clocking in at only 2.5 hours, but I got more out of those hours than I do most 40 hour games. I thought the natural language conversations with the AI were great and the story and atmosphere of this game are fantastic.Only complaints are that it does have some graphical hiccups and a few of the objectives should have a little more signposting around them, I got pretty lost during one.Overall highly recommended. Check it out"
76561198337343340,Recommended,470260,28865646,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,//BMT72//,I would strongly suggest not buying this for MacOS until the developer gets the game running again (past the intro). It does not get past the loading screen. See the latest patch update comments for others experiencing the same issue. Works fine on windows 10.
76561198053417945,Recommended,470260,28886335,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,none,"This is really good.  I like how the space ship looks lived in.   The only down side is the computer assumes you are human, and well - maybe you are not ? :-)  The environment and graphics and puzzles are great.  The music and sound are spot on too.  Far better than other space games,  and no fighting waves of aliens.  It's you, your survival, and your ship..."
,Recommended,470260,25536780,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,sky,Very short... Otherwise excellent. I loved every second of it.
76561198014049897,Recommended,470260,34565127,Posted: 28 August,all,Elephant,"This game is amazing, very story based and short. Very inspiring."
76561197973173473,Recommended,470260,29255369,Posted: 14 January,all,sgreco1970,"Wonderful, intelligent and a bit mad -one of the best atmospheric puzzle games I've played. Definitely a bit too short, something to be considered but honestly fascinating and enthralling enough to be a must-play."
76561197971029450,Not Recommended,470260,28791126,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Sloth,"Great game, delicious 80s atmosphere, innovative mechanics about talking to the AI with the keyboard, but waaay too short, feels like a first episode of a longer game. There are literally just 4 or 5 different rooms to explore. Finished it in 2.8 hours, and I'm not even smart. Wouldn't recommend it unless price < 10$If you're looking for the same delightful 80s sci-fi atmosphere but in a full game, check out Alien Isolation."
76561197972322567,Recommended,470260,26344507,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,leechi,good♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198002784244,Recommended,470260,34801358,Posted: 7 September,all,pred,A really nice experience.
,Recommended,470260,25541321,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Xalder,"Very graphics intense for how little you actually do in the game (largly looking at terminal screens), but if your system can handle it, this is definitely a piece of work to experience."
,Recommended,470260,25505354,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,tksbutterfly,Never thought I'd openly weep for an AI
,Recommended,470260,26075201,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Chong McBong,"This was an interesting place to visit.  The game was a bit short, but had some original ideas, and a very different style of game play."
,Recommended,470260,26128735,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,keninette,"Great game !I had never seen a game like that, it's quite unique !It's not very long though, but the AI is so clever that I wanted to play it all over again ! Plus, I know there are at least two endings so, naturally, I wanted to see them both.Honestly, it's definitly worth the 20€ I paid it. The first game must be arount 4 hours, but I swear to you you've never played to anything like that, you never even had something close to this experience.If 4 hours is short, then play it again, in other ways but please buy it !"
76561198311890498,Recommended,470260,26072187,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,The Silver Shroud,"Buy. This. Now. Seriously, do it! It's the most wonderfull, mindf**king, amazing game ever and it's so incredibly well made you could cry. With the soundtrack this could be the game of the year. Buy. It. Now."
76561198208939312,Recommended,470260,26091884,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,abbie3213,"Wow! Such a great game. It's quite pricy for the length of it, but if were going off the quality and enjoyability I'd say it was worth the money!"
,Not Recommended,470260,25552324,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Chdata,"The chatbot eventually just forcibly guides you to what you're supposed to do next. Nothing especially realistic about it.You don't move with WASD, instead you move with left/right click for forward/back. It's incredibly awkward.It crashed after the intro for me the first time, so I switched to windowed so it could work after waiting 5 minutes (a rather long loading time for a game). But then looking around was very blurry and FPS laggy on lowest settings."
,Not Recommended,470260,29455963,Posted: 23 January,all,BAPBAP,"Oh well, it's kinda new record, when the game become abandoned by developers in just two months after release.Do not buy, it's worth to be played through only by youtube."
,Recommended,470260,25646847,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,I applaud this game for providing a unique experience and an interesting little mystery to solve.  It is difficult to truly explain the game without giving away spoilers.  I you would like to experience the game from a new players perspective please watch:https://youtu.be/0O5t-OJl9V4
76561198070130674,Not Recommended,470260,27771041,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,joe_jumpin,"I'd give it a solid ""meh.""While I really enjoy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the computer (and finding new ways to♥♥♥♥♥♥it off), the rest of the game is dull and uninteresting. It seems the condescending authors designed this game as a way to teach empathy. As a family physician my job revolves around exercising empathy on a daily basis, and somehow a 20-something programmer patronizing me about empathy just doesn't cut it."
76561197985704021,Not Recommended,470260,28756863,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,kalli,The game is broken.  You go through the introduction and then enter an infinite load screen and the problem has persisted for more than a month without a fix.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!  You can not actually play it.
,Recommended,470260,30904071,Posted: 2 April,all,RTTN,8/10Pros:- Intriguing and mysterious story- Excelent graphics- Emmersive and overwhelming effects- Beautiful visual design- Genius sound designCon:- Short
,Recommended,470260,25596801,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Crohawk,"Nice story, good audio, and I only got one possible ending. I'm looking forward to watching my partner play and seeing how many other endings there are. All in all it was still cheaper and more enjoyable than going to the movies."
76561197970559001,Not Recommended,470260,33065069,Posted: 30 June,all,Cole,"Cool idea, but o man this is short I played mb 1 hour, bet the game. And the end was bad. I did enjoy this game but I do wish It was longer and had more story."
,Not Recommended,470260,25630509,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,reaganomics,Game crashes after intro every time.  Have to go through the long intro just to see if it will crash.
76561198201450005,Not Recommended,470260,28766114,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,EmeraldPig7,IT WONT LOAD. IVE TRIED EVRYTHING AND IT WONT LOAD PAST THE INTRO! HELP ME! PLEASE!!!!!!
76561198039195287,Recommended,470260,25504859,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Jellymantis,"Loved this game. Quick play through, but beautiful to say the least."
76561197963453958,Not Recommended,470260,35097511,Posted: 20 September,all,theChillestChing,"There is a bug that may prevent you from completing the game. However, it has not been fixed."
76561198042526257,Recommended,470260,25503165,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Tan Jovi,"Amusing if not a bit short, all in all an enjoyable experience."
76561198009119023,Not Recommended,470260,30536489,Posted: 15 March,all,Ravenk,"Way to short for the money.  Great idea for a game, however.....  I must say that with its play time being so short I wish I would of invested in something else."
76561198262616511,Recommended,470260,30451831,Posted: 11 March,all,calliejacob,7/10
,Not Recommended,470260,31924111,Posted: 23 May,all,Dr. P. Diddy Kong,"It's a cool concept, but I was pretty disappointed, honestly.The controls are clunky and it makes simple tasks really frustrating. The story was kind of interesting, but it was very sparse and somewhat expected. The puzzle designs just weren't very satisfying either. The core mechanic of interacting with the AI was a lot more limited than I'd hoped as well"
76561198063791758,Not Recommended,470260,31831014,Posted: 18 May,all,Escapizt,"I honestly really enjoyed this game, or at least the concept of the game. The game is in a great environment, and I really enjoyed Kaizen-85's (the AI's name) character. But that is as good as the game ever felt.The end result, that is this game, was kind of frustrating in its entirety. I really wanted to enjoy it, but it ended up feeling like a prototype to something far greater in the future! So in this game's current state, I cannot recommend anyone spending their hard earned money on this game without further AI, and AI questioning, improvements.I will provide a proper review in hopes that it helps the developers with things to look for, should they decide to make a sequel or spiritual sequel to this game, because I genuinely loved the idea of this game and want to see more. So please don't look at this review as griping, and instead look at it as things the developers can improve and then build upon... oooor reasons to convince yourself to buy this game on a really good sale:The game is extremely short, with onlysmallamounts of extra stuff that I chose to skip. I beat the game in 5.1 hours. Though I am convinced a lot of that time was from the game sitting on the pause menu.There are around 3 endings in the game, with minor variations between them. And depending on your disposition with Kaizen, you could get one or two different endings combined in different ways.I suppose I could accept this better, if it was more clear about how to become better friends with Kaizen. I consistantly replied to Kaizen with general phrases of appreciation or manners, while also inquiring into his personal life with other crew members. And yet, somehow Kaizen ended up not liking me further into the game, though he never expressed why. And at one point, while asking general questions about the surrounding area, Kaizen responded withsomething to the effect of""there's no need for a lecture right now."" Which had nothing to do with what I was asking him. So it's very unclear if Kaizen just misinterpreted some of my questions as hostile somehow?This leads to my next point.There were several instances where I would ask Kaizen a question (these are not real questions I asked, and not the actual word-for-word responses I received from Kaizen; these are just examples):ME: What is the Apple?KAIZEN: Please rephrase your inquiries so I may better understand.ME: Where am I?KAIZEN: The Apple is a fruit that grows on trees.This is the best way I know how to describe this strange phenomenon. And it happened on 3 different occasions during my playthrough. I'm not sure if this was intentional, and I'm not surewhyit would be a feature if it was on purpose.Kaizen would often give you information about a subject that needed to be taken care of. So naturally, I would ask about certain things that he mentioned as he fed me information. However, instead of answering me, Kaizen would use my questions as a command to keep talking about whatever he had to say. So I found myself eventually saying things like ""Ok,"" until I was sure that Kaizen was done with his lecture first. This completely removed me from the immersion throughout the game. You should be allowed to ask questions so you understand what someone is even talking about before they give you the entire list of information.I enjoyed the game for the entire time I was playing it, with minor frustrations along the way, but in the end I do not feel like the money I spent was spent on a game that I will ever revisit again."
,Recommended,470260,28760448,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"The weird ""tumblr transsexuals in space"" setting aside (where you get to choose your personal pronoun) this game is charming. However, if you bought this game under the impression that the game will contain an actual AI, you will be disappointed. Half of the time it will just spit dialogue at you in chunks, whatever you type, and the rest of the time it will simply pick out certain phrases or words that it recognizes. It creates an ILLUSION of understanding. Sometimes this illusion will surprise you in outright beautiful ways, and other times it will just make the AI appear thick as a brick.This short game could have been much more than it ended up being. For one, it's lacking a good ending, and that's something that I take great issue with, because you play the game wanting to solve a mystery, and in the end you are railroaded into not solving it, whatever you do, and whatever clues that you pick up.While this game isn't perfect, it's cool enough to buy on a sale for $10 or so."
,Not Recommended,470260,28766500,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Jupiter,"Poorly optimized and quirky control scheme. Love the concept but I think it was poorly executed. I was almost looking for a more in depth and interactive version of ""SOMA""."
76561198192762641,Recommended,470260,28551057,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Xerxes,Great game
76561198026332121,Recommended,470260,25732557,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,piefacevian,Amazing! My new favorite game!
,Recommended,470260,25813359,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Wess,"Very good. Deep story. Not difficult, not to easy. Cheaper than going to the movies! :) Definitly recommend."
,Recommended,470260,25792293,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,WiseKrackers,"if you liked playing games like the stanley parable you will love the way this game plays. The Ai is absolutely amazing and much of the gameplay comes from interacting and discovering things by talking to him. Then exploring and figuring out how to solve the next puzzle by collecting clues and piecing it all together. It may depend on how good you are at solving the puzzles but i finished it in hour and a half. So its not very long, but I encourage anyone who buys this game to avoid walkthroughs because you will end up finishing the game in a half an hour. The game is also unbelievably graphically stunning."
,Recommended,470260,29646635,Posted: 2 February,all,Fur,I found it fun :)
,Not Recommended,470260,25518088,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Chelsea Ballamore,"SO much hype, been following this game for over a year now, but sadly, it is a waste of money to me.The graphic are ok for the indie budget it has received, but the AI, which was th emost important part of the game was a huge let down.Basically, you do not build a friendship with the AI, the generated answer was also a lie. You can type whatever you want, even ""adafssdfsdgsds"" and the AI will tell you what to do next, will continue to explain it pre-writen story, and will even at the end do it for you.And the only time the AI question you something, no matter if you are right or wrong, you will still be able to proceed.The ship was extremely short, maybe 5 rooms with nothing to do or interact with. just some eye candies at the begining, that no longer happen after mid game.Your english skill won't change anything that you are not talking with a smart AI, but a NPC which have 5 type of replies depending of which terminal you talk to.Also, I ended up so frustrated at the end that I managed to finish the game in the last room by typing in that order:asdasfjhsajhghasaswdfsajhasasdhasfhjasfhjasDestroy your♥♥♥♥♥♥Meaning the AI was just waiting for you to type whatever you wanted that included the word ""destroy"" in it.Would have asked a refund if I did not went over the 2 hours refund policy because most of the time spend on this game was going from A to B, to C back to A, then to B then to A, finally DTo sum up, the only interaction in this game is the AI and the AI is not an AI, just a multi predetermined answering machine that are triggered by a few keywords and nothing else.Even A.L.I.C.E. bot from 95 was smarter than that.Save your money, just watch a play through on youtube."
76561198171595633,Not Recommended,470260,25526397,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mao-Zedong747,"The game tries really hard to compile an original story, nonetheless the initial concept is unique and has so much more potential. Also, the minimal graphics requirements are a bit too high for this game, some refinement is needed. The story line is too short, and the price is much too high when considering such factors."
76561198089288729,Not Recommended,470260,26021411,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,suppa koopa,Absolutely terrible lag. The story is unplayable at the part where you get sent into space after the bedroom. Even though I have a Mac that meets or exceeeds all the requirements I get lag. I'm getting a refund.
,Recommended,470260,33323170,Posted: 6 July,all,offensivek,"I really liked it. But I only give it a 4/5 because it asked me for my pronoun instead of just asking for my sex and ""they"" was one of the options. I see too much of that♥♥♥♥♥♥ don't need to get reminded of the insanity when I want to play."
76561197979118991,Not Recommended,470260,25572816,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,PhyroX,"Dissapointing at best. Not worth 20 euros.The game is extremely short, about 1-1:30 hours, and that including you reading almost everything. The trailer is not a fair ""look into the game"", is more like, this is all there is, and nothing more. The map is simillar in size (maybe even a little smaller) than cs:go de_dust2, and the AI has the _SAME_ feel as a 2003 internet chatbot. The story is generic at best, yadayada AI gone rogue, and can't comment on the replayability, but I'm going to guess is close to zero."
76561198064997275,Not Recommended,470260,30351598,Posted: 5 March,all,Steve Dallas,THis is possibly the stupidest game I've ever played. TEdious and frustrating. Nothing clever about it. And there's nothing entertaining about arguing with a sassy computer. Worst of all ... it's a resource hog. There just simply isn't that much rendering going on to excuse the severe lag that occurs. It's also a relatively short puzzle for the price. This is a $9 program at best. Wish I could get my money back.
76561198178355143,Not Recommended,470260,29792500,Posted: 8 February,all,MAXYPOOSKINS,"its so lagy. all the lading screens stop me. in fact i can't even play the game, and its kinda sad i can't vause i was really lookinf forward to this"
76561198024483577,Not Recommended,470260,32045679,Posted: 29 May,all,Joe Buscemi,"looked interesting, is mostly frustrating.  Gave up at step of bedroom where I found where bridge code should be but it is either clipped out or floated into space and cant progress.  Was not that great a game before getting totally stuck in first place."
,Recommended,470260,25506586,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ferret,"Super fun game, had a great time start to finish. Thank you developers!"
,Not Recommended,470260,25571584,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ModelX,"This game looked promissing and i'm sure it is but i can't even play it because the only buttons that work are enter and esc.... i cant get passed the ""load new game, y/n?"" part. Any help would be greatly appreciated."
,Not Recommended,470260,29074182,Posted: 6 January,all,i have a retardism,yeahh if you havew a crappy comp (witch i do) ou might wanna wait befoer you get this game
76561198296792005,Not Recommended,470260,33618615,Posted: 17 July,all,Lemon Man,sucks
76561198353714901,Not Recommended,470260,34666103,Posted: 1 September,all,Stuntman_Sam,Way too confusing.
76561198033720036,Recommended,470260,25634810,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Jason,"I am recommending this game because I enjoyed the format and I want to encouragefullgames to be developed like this one.If you are thinking of buying this keep in mind it is very short, about 2 hours, the puzzles are not all that difficult, and the AI isn't really that bright and will sometimes spew its canned narrative at you when you go off the plot. Frankly for what you get this game is about twice as expensive as it ought to be. Never the less it is a very enjoyable experience and I'd like to see more along this line (albeit much longer and with better ai and puzzles)."
76561198049506104,Recommended,470260,26143535,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,♪ Wilda Hüneto ♪,"Another game bought in a hurry after watched Jacksepticeye's Let's Play on Event[0].Personally, I love this game simply because the interaction with Kaizen is just limitless. Type anything you want and Kaizen will always have an answer (not definite answer but intellectual response). It's hella cool!!9.5/10 would recommend, because the last part scared me."
76561198339219988,Not Recommended,470260,28140789,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,FAKEppp,the game won't work on os x.it kept loading until i fell asleep.
76561197974591297,Not Recommended,470260,34298856,Posted: 16 August,all,bedlam,"I'm sorry, but this game was nothing more than an elaborate intro, and costs $20. There's a massive lack of content.Also, the AI responded poorly to any questions and comments which were outside the narrative the game was pushing you into. I'm not sure why I'm seeing reviews about it being an above average AI experience."
76561198163458925,Not Recommended,470260,29433687,Posted: 22 January,all,Karl Marx,"This game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ DO NOT BUY IT, not even if it's on sale, not even for free! Seriously, it's one of the most horrible games I had the displeasure of playing. I would rather play 20 hours of Ride to Hell: Retribution than playing this.The game is centered around talking to an AI WHO IS ABSOLUTELY WORTHLESS♥♥♥♥♥♥ It won't answer right any of your questions or commands, it's only useful to say something like ""Open the ♥♥♥♥ing door"". The story is non-existent, it demands a lot from your PC, but it has 2006 graphics, the loading times are unacceptable, you just walk around, pixel-hunt for a password and walk. DAMN THIS GAME SUCKS it makes me angry. Final verdict: 1/10. There is absolutely NOTHING good on this game. AND YOU KNOW WHAT'S BETTER? THERE IS A LOT OF GLITCHES THAT SIMPLY WON'T LET YOU FINISH THE GAME. The producers released savegames because they're so incompetent they can't fix the glitches, hahahaha.Esse game é uma♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ NÃO COMPRE, nem mesmo se estiver em promoção, nem de graça! Sério, é um dos piores jogos que eu tive o desprazer de jogar. Preferia jogar 20 horas de Ride to Hell: Retribution do que jogar isso.Esse jogo é centrado em falar com uma Inteligência Artificial QUE É UM LIXO DO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Não responde nenhuma das perguntas ou comandos, só é útil pra algo do tipo ""Abra a ♥♥♥♥♥ da porta"". A história é inexistente, demanda muito do seu PC mesmo tendo gráficos de 2006, os tempos de loading são inaceitáveis, você só anda, caça-pixels para uma senha e caminha.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ESSE JOGO É UM LIXO me deixa irritado: Nota final: 1/10. Não há absolutamente NADA bom nesse jogo."
76561198127205198,Not Recommended,470260,30301153,Posted: 3 March,all,DIRTY RAMEN,"Ok. So, I bought the game and started it aaaand I can't click anything. I CAN see my mouse on the screen. But it won't let me click anything. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it but that didn't work. So I unplugged my mouse and plugged it back in but that didn't work either. I just want my money back is all I pad $13 for a title screen. I've seen people play the game and loved it but. Now not so much. I am very disappointed."
76561198167751722,Not Recommended,470260,34037389,Posted: 5 August,all,Mister_Steak,Pay to talk to cleverbot
,Recommended,470260,30711601,Posted: 24 March,all,Sᴄᴏʀᴇ (gettin card drops),"Not what I expected, but cool nonetheless.Don't expect to have a real conversation with this AI, though."
,Recommended,470260,30772105,Posted: 27 March,all,RvB Caboose,Snorlax' review forwww.fg-2.comhttp://fg-2.com/2017/03/27/review-event0/
,Not Recommended,470260,25513417,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Suufy,"Event[0] drew me in because of the exploration aspect. It started off well, but ended too soon. There definitely could have been more to the story. There also wasn't a lot of exploring. The price of this game is too high. If it was worth $10 or less, then it would be worth it.The only aspect of the game I enjoyed was the visuals and the AI. The responses were pretty acurate to what you were talking about."
76561198084935483,Recommended,470260,25501679,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"Pretty great game, enjoying the puzzle part of it and talking to my boy Kaizen. Looking forward to going home!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxfYUFGRsjo"
76561197970979389,Not Recommended,470260,25521707,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,mitbox,"As overhyped as No Mans Sky, overpriced and short. And the AI was not the amazing experience as claimed by the destructoid reviewer."
76561197969032563,Not Recommended,470260,26061609,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,garylencarter,very unique game. beat it in 4 hours roughly. didn't appreciate the vulgar language in the game so would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,470260,25509851,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Lord Dickinson,"Despite the Nietzsche qoute, I decided to refund.I seriously don't know who would think this AI is anything but embarassing.First, it desperately wanted me to delete a drive. I said I'll consider it.Asked it what to do now and got a non-awnser.Walked around, nothing happened. Cracked a locked door, nothing happened.Asked it what to do and got another non-awnser.Below is an average conversation. (the lines starting with > are the AI)Why won't you take me to earth?>Even if I wanted, I couldn't answer.Why not?>Can't we just focus on the current subject?Which is?>I mean business.What business?>What are we talking about?"
76561198047232475,Not Recommended,470260,25505474,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,JZPotter,"Interesting premise, but very bland, and very predictable. It'd be more fun to just go on omegle and chat, cause that's basically this game. Absolutely not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,470260,33014675,Posted: 29 June,all,WoAyumi,"Don't look at the time I ""spent"" on this game - I was so bored of it most of the time, I had to ALT+TAB every ten minutes to watch some movie, or something. If you play this game in one go, you can easily beat it in one hour, or less. This game doesn't cost its money. If it was for 2$, then you can get it,BUTbe prepared - this is just another one of those ""eternal truths of life and existence"" kinda games where the developers have suddenly realized they are the ghandis of steam.Why is there a song about some end of the world? I have no idea. I guess, it's just yet another case of autistic developers getting a boner on the images of the exploding earth. Typical sociopathic clusterfk of a five minute bottom of the barrel, forgotten by the garbage men, hard to scrape off, covered in yeast trash.I'm actually happy this game is so short. After playing it, I have one suggestion to the devs - make it even shorter. In fact, make it so short, that as soon as you press play, the game will crash, uninstall itself, and refund me my fuuuuuuucccCCCIIIKKKKNG MONEY!!!"
,Not Recommended,470260,28176728,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,adro,Actually pathetic. Not worth the money at all.Paid $20 for 1 hour of gameplay with a terrible storyline. You have to keep doing random things until you get it right because there is never a clear direction of action
76561198019642921,Not Recommended,470260,30989943,Posted: 6 April,all,Lard Infinius Buttscream,"This game is kind of like a bad poo poo - its short, poor quality, and afterwards you feel unfinished."
76561197985798150,Not Recommended,470260,25607713,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dunning Kruger,Boring...
76561198080275911,Recommended,470260,30398121,Posted: 8 March,all,ChickenMan68,"This game is quite submersive. Sucked me in, made me feel anxious at times. I laughed with Kaizen, felt sorry for Kaizen, and also became quite angry with Kaizen. Something to keep in mind is that there is A LOT of reading to do, which i personally enjoyed. Really made me feel like I was on this ship trying to figure out what happened, reading through logs and asking questions. I would love to see another game from these guys but I would ask for a some changes in their next game.1. Make it longer, with more to do and more to explore.2. Fix the AI to be more able to communicate and more responsive to different statments.-The AI Kaizen did have some trouble answering questions I had or responding to statements. Sometimes I would say something or ask a question that I felt was very straight forward and the AI would respond with something that had nothing to do with that statement or question. It could be a little frustrating at times. Even though I know it was just not enough programming on the developers side, I like to find ways to make these issues seem like part of the game, so I just chalked it up to the fact that Kaizen had some corrupted files or something. That helped me stay submereged in the game hahaAll in all I think this game was executed quite well and I really enjoyed it! (I did get this game on super Sale but after playing through I would say it is well worth the full price)"
,Recommended,470260,30420822,Posted: 9 March,all,HpCop,This is by far the best game I have played in years.  I will hope someone makes it into a movie :)
,Recommended,470260,29558545,Posted: 28 January,all,Gold Au,Short story. Interesting concept. Liked it.
,Recommended,470260,29522827,Posted: 27 January,all,Bob Loblaw's Law Blog,"Neat story that will take you on a retro-future puzzle. Gameplay is a few hours and is at the level of somthing lke ""Gone Home"""
,Recommended,470260,29553430,Posted: 28 January,all,AliceWho,I hate kz.......that little.....
76561197998514411,Recommended,470260,30600932,Posted: 18 March,all,Starcucks,"Iv'e never been more suspicious of a computer. 10/10 would yell at a computer and make him feel bad, and then apologize for it again."
,Recommended,470260,30520203,Posted: 14 March,all,Non-zerø-sum,One of the most unique and immersive experiences I've had in a game.
,Recommended,470260,30520406,Posted: 14 March,all,KrookedMushroom,"When I bought the game, I bought it because I had spent the past 3 days looking for a game that looked interesting and fun to play and I couldn't find anything at all. I just decided to click a random title on my suggested games list and buy it. I am SO ♥♥♥♥ing glad that it was this game. Event 0 is practically a work of art. The developers chose the right music and placed it in the perfect moments, and you become extremely attached to the AI. I became so increadibly immersed in the game that hours had gone by and I didn't even realize it. I absolutely loved this game, and I really home that the developers continue to make games as great as this one."
76561198040672244,Recommended,470260,30528780,Posted: 15 March,all,Doctor Rabius,"TLDR: I enjoyed this game. Very unique idea. The AI sometimes trudges through linear dialogues regardless of what is said to it (but honestly, that would be tough to avoid) Satisfying, and some replay value for alternate endings. Sadly, it is a bit short. I am not done with Event [0] just yet...wanna hear everyting KZ has to say.This game is ambitious indeed. I personally enjoyed it quite a bit, and still want to play through again to see alternate endings. It was a short playthrough, but fun none the less. As far as an AI that can communicate, this one is not bad. I predicted it would sort of ""run to certain corners"" if met with certain forms of dialogue. Such as single positives or negatives. i.e.Me: YesKZ: AyeMe: OkayKZ: TerrificMe: SplendidKZ: GoodIt will stay in this loop for a while before nudging you on to the area you need to focus on to progress. All in all this was an ambitious undertaking by the developers. In some areas it doesn't matter much what you say, the computer will continue with a line of dialogue as though you hadn't just typed ""miniture horses terrify me"" but that is okay. It is linear in some ways but simply playing with the computer and gauging it's reactions is pretty fun. 8/10 for unique, and atmosphere. I'd pay money for more DLC with this game. Maybe let us drift onto a larger station with two AI systems, or one with a totally different ""personality"". Throw some other humans in, or allow how you interact with the computer to actually have an effect on where you travel to (in a scenario where the ship is actually being pioloted by a combination of the player and the AI)"
76561198314967797,Recommended,470260,30618614,Posted: 19 March,all,saxophoneotaku,Good
,Recommended,470260,25506495,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Gymkata,"Less than 4 hours to play through, but an awesome experience. Characters felt more real in this than most other games thanks to the AI. There are the usual seams, but overall I conncected.Good graphics, controls a bit wonky (in either mode), undeniably worth a play through.9/10 Would grow attached to an AI again."
,Recommended,470260,25506571,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Quixotic,Aside from having to do the intro several times before the game stopped crashing. Great game still need one more playthrough which will give me about 8 hours of play and I would like to mess around and try to ♥♥♥♥ with the AI a bit.A great story driven game that I have not seen the likes of for a while.
76561198034931578,Recommended,470260,25548041,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,brianpaturalski,Great visuals and interacting with the AI was fun!  Only downside is that the game only takes about 2-3 hours to play so the price is a bit steep.
,Recommended,470260,25516887,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Conell,"Just a quick note, this is a short game. 2 hours tops.first time ive actually written a proper review so if that dosent make you want to buy this, i dont know if the rest of this review will.That aside, this is an excellent game that tells a beautifully 80's sci-fi style story, i felt like i stepped right into a movie like 2001 a space oddessy.simply brilliant story telling and the way you interact with the ships computer feels veyr life-like and very uncanny valley, be sure to keep your sentances somewhat shorter and youll get an almost human experience, the likes of webchat bots cant hold a light to Kaizens intelligence, its really quite chilling.but deffinatley well worth my £14.99 going to the developers, really loved your game guys, such originality <3Thankyou kaizen <3"
,Recommended,470260,25560164,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,mhume,"I really like this game. Yes, I know it's short, maybe too short for the pricetag. But it's a polished product with an ogitional take on how a game should work, and the ending works for the story."
76561198022357100,Recommended,470260,25564814,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,deps,"Awesome game, but too short.If you like space, AI and story then get this game.The game will be over in 2-3 hours, so wait a bit if you think the price is too high for that amount of gameplay. But to me it was worth it."
,Recommended,470260,30844845,Posted: 30 March,all,Pietoro,"Great setting and I really liked the idea of an AI you had to interact with and figure out via text.My main gripe is that the AI will start expositioning you even if you aren't using any keywords relating to the topic it starts talking about. That spoonfeeding of one side of a conversation I wasn't even trying to have, regardless of what I was actually typing or asking Kaizo, sort of broke the immersion. If Kaizo just said he didn't understand what I was asking / etc. it would've been better.Otherwise, this game gets points for creativity."
,Recommended,470260,25718488,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Zido's Crashdoom,"9/10 - Fantastic game, unique experience and great attention to detail.Event[0] provides a unique experience to either make a friend, or to make an enemy. It's surreal to think that all of your actions add up, but nothing about that really becomes apparent until towards the end. You begin to realise that the AI has feelings as well, things you can upset it, or annoy it, or even anger it. But you still follow what it asks you to do until the very end.Overall, you'll probably find yourself wandering around aimlessly for a while before the AI provides hints or clues, trying to point you in the right direction but never quite giving you the full answer. The detail and story was very well put together making a unique experience reminiscent of a space horror at times (Without the jumpscares!)The gameplay is about 2-3 hours depending on how long you take to solve each puzzle but I still think it stood up to the £14.99 / $20 price tag. I've not yet gone through the other endings in the game, or sought out all the achievements, but I'll certainly be returning to it!Unlike a lot of the indie games on Steam, Event[0] is extremely high quality and deserves every penny (or cent, if you're US-inclined.)"
,Recommended,470260,27844434,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Malephex,"This is a very short game. First play through took about two hours, and it wasn't very hard. I got stuck on a bug at one time but restarting the game fixed that.The game is super pretty and I can imagine it will look great with a VR rig. The main NPC in the game is well made, but you don't have to go too far oof script before Kaizen begins sounding like a chat bot.I'm going with thumbs up, but the game really is too short and easy ..."
,Recommended,470260,28030411,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ju57lN,Great game good story interesting consepts little bit on the short side
76561198017429731,Recommended,470260,28012106,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Qiwi'Lisolet,"8/10.Pros:Excellent story.Excellent graphics.The AI in the game is hilarious sometimes and reminds me of a toddler.Interesting ending. Thought provoking actually.Multiple endings possible.NO SOUND IN SPACE! THANK YOU!Cons:Very short. Around 2-3hrs at most.UHD/4k at maximum settings is a little laggy, even for an excellent system.Not really a con but: I wish the game was longer, it kept me interested and I wanted to continue playing at the end.Overall, it's a fantastic game, excellent sound, graphics, and story. I just would have perferred that it was longer. I'd still highly recommend it but you may want to get it while it's on sale."
76561197972053813,Recommended,470260,28072467,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Frankenberry,"Gameplay:event[0] begins setting up the backstory and asking the player to choose gender, life situation etc.  It's all very quick and conveyed directly the reasons why you are in your current situation. You will quickly interact with Kaizen an artificially intelligent computer terminal system.I found myself enjoying the communication with it.  It's far from perfect, but what is here is enough to make it plausible (This could be an A.I. from the 80's) .I do wish Kaizen understood more nuance. It would have been fascinating to converse with Kaizen about all kinds of subject matter. Kaizens's responses can be very limiting at times or can feel hollow. When you do strike up a conversation it feels rewarding, and is evidently the only way you will progress.A couple of simple yet fun mini games are sprinkled about to break things up, They are simple but fun.  Kaizen was not always as helpful in finding certain clues or as descriptive enough about certain tasks that I needed to perform, but I eventually sorted it out.I (surprisingly) bonded with Kaizen and found myself sad to leave our conversations behind ....for now...Controls:A keyboard and mouse is required. Interestingly the forward and back movements are mapped to the left and right mouse buttons. Takes a minute to get used to but works.Graphics:The visuals are decent with nice effects to pull it all together. Love the equalization of the helmet haze as it dissipates. Nothing earth shattering, but most of the time you will be facing the terminal anyway.Sound:The audio effects and subtle musical cues are original and fit perfectly in this retro futuristic world.  From Kaizen's garbled electronic voice to the burst of gasses escaping the airlock doors, and the clacking of that chunky keyboard, it all sounds great to my ears.Game length:I finished event[0] in under 4 hours, yes it's short, but with multiple endings your playtime could be longer.My outcome was a simple but poetic ending.Random Thoughts:I wish more games were this unique and bold. It oozes originality and atmosphere, great concept.I would be all onboard for a sequel with a very expanded Kaizen and longer story.Should you buy?Most definitely yes, but when on sale to make up for event[0]'s short playtime."
,Recommended,470260,27923591,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BrittlesSkittles,"I cannot recommend this game enough.It's short, but fantastic.It varies between making you feel paranoid, tense, and conflicted.Do you believe the A.I. on the ship and the warped perceptions of the events it witnessed? Or do you believe your own suspicions and mixed messages the game feeds you?It's a great game. I love the way you can just talk to the A.I. and to be honest- it mostly understands what you say to it. I haven't played another game with this sort of system. Well, at least one this well done...Anyways.Pros:Graphics.World-Building. Love the time period and style.Main Plot. Made sense, easy to follow, somewhat easy to guess however there were still some surprises.I loved the little Roombas. <3Communicating with the A.I. changes depending on how you treat it. It may be easier or more difficult depending...Cons:Somewhat short. I enjoyed the game immensely and wish it could've been expanded.If you're not into games with puzzles this may be somewhat difficult.Communicating with the A.I. could be difficult depending on the situation.Enjoy the game, all~!"
,Recommended,470260,26430448,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,TheHTPCGamer,"""Wow! This looks amazing."", were my words when the game launched. It takes skills, determination, and clear imagination to create great art like this.This game does its best to immerse the gamer in a reality where he/she or ""they"" are all alone in a place where no one can be approached for help. And one more thing, SPACE!!!I don't want to spoil the game much but I must say, it is a great buy. Close your eyes and just check out with this game, you won't regret it."
76561198219160353,Recommended,470260,26438207,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Anonymous Emperor,"This game is really good. I loved the AI. Unfortunately, the game was a bit too short."
,Recommended,470260,26407297,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,blakester55,"This game is very very very cool i mean it's not ike ny other game. you can say anthing to the AI and the graphics and just, EVERY is so cool, you need to try it for your self i guarantee you that you'll love it."
,Recommended,470260,25536757,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Drozza,"Event [0] is like an interactive movie. I liked it. The experience fells like a point and click advventure game, but in 3D, and in space. That´s cool. The story is OK, it could be complex, or longer... But i enjoyed it. It took me 3h to finish it."
76561198000369326,Recommended,470260,25537774,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,chaospockets109,"A short-ish but content-rich, interesting game, but its reach exceeds its grasp a little. The idea of navigating a game more or less exclusively by communicating with a chatbot is an interesting one, and the retro-futuristic '80s sci-fi environment is really cool, but a couple of things let the game down.Firstly, you're not so much communicating with a questionably-sane AI as you are communicating with a buggy early-'00s chatbot; Kaizen-85 will frequently ignore the thrust of your question or misunderstand you entirely, and this unfortunately made me confused sometimes whether it was actually trying to hinder me or just not understanding my questions. Getting Kaizen to elaborate on things that should be obvious - what happened to the Nautilus's crew, for example - is vastly harder than it feels like it ought to be.Secondly, given that the game suggests that your survival hinges on keeping Kaizen in a good mood, the AI is surprisingly difficult to anger. In my first playthrough, I ended every request to Kaizen with please, and even thanked him for things like letting me back into the ship after spacewalks. The second time, I was downright rude, and apart from telling me to watch my language on a couple of occasions, nothing really changed. (There's an achievement for getting Kaizen to try to kill you, which, according to the discussion boards, seems to be difficult and confusing to get.)In summary, I think the game tries new things and is an interesting take on the trapped-with-crazy-AI trope, but fails to fully realise its potential. It's atmospheric, but ultimately limited. I recommend playing it, but wouldn't blame people at all for waiting for a sale."
76561197988055562,Recommended,470260,25537999,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Nice Shot!,Great atmosphere and a nice little storyline.It's a bit quick on the playthrough so you might find it a bit steep for the 20€.The playthrough is fun and the interaction with the AI is at times hilarious.The end however is very abrupt.I could play through it a couple more times to get the different endings and alst achievements but I'll pass on it.
76561197989307040,Recommended,470260,25629697,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,ashrond,"A very enjoyable yet short game. spend your time exploring and enjoy all that there is to offer in this very rich world as you peel back each layer of the story through examination and exploration.heres to hoping we get to revisit this world in the future, perhaps in an expansion or sequel."
76561198009397213,Recommended,470260,25638516,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Space Tyrell,fantastic.
76561198020135854,Recommended,470260,25639901,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,g0tcaw,"--What Little Game Is Here Is Excellent--Take everything that made SO2001's Hal sequence tense and alienating and wrap an atmospheric game around the experience.  The game is tight and exhibits a fine level of polish, from the moody dilapidated space vessle to the blunt lack of sound once you enter a vaccum to the frantic hiss of a painfully slow depressurization sequence.The star, of course, is the ship's clunky yet oddly sharp AI which, at first, seems to be a weakness that slowly opens up to reveal a completly believable artifical assistant circa 1987.  Just don't get attached to any part of this original and excellent game.The horrible downside is that it is finishable in 2 hours or less.  Even with mutiple endings, don't expect more than a days worth of game play, which really is a shame given the outstanding quality.  It's hard to justify the $20 entrance fee but, if you are like me, you at least feel comfortable supporting a very talented group of game creators.  Hopefully the high price tag will ensure they continue to create quality content, just more of it in the future.-C. Wood"
,Recommended,470260,25809818,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Charlie4077,"An excellent, immersive narrative coupled with a fantastic delivery and the glorious 80s era science fiction look that many of us love. If this game were a book, it'd be a real page-turner."
,Recommended,470260,25810908,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Kawaii-Neko ~ネコ,"Hello,Today is a guide about Event[0]. This game is outright amazing and I'll explain why. When you first start this game it puts you in a situation of basically building yourself before starting, and by doing this you also learn about your past based on what you choose. It explain why you are there (In space) and so forth. Off in the distance you see a station looking ship and Europa in the background. That ship is where you'll spend your time throughout the game.This game is very narrative and a wonderful singleplayer experience and note you aren't alone! You have a little AI companion you can use your keyboard to actually talk to. He has a task for you but I won't tell you because he will. This game is short and could be beat in say 3 hours or less. I only have 5 hours because I was stupid when I got to some parts.Anyways I want to recommend this game because overall it is an amazing game and an amazing story (with multiple endings :P). Normally I don't play singleplayer games because there really isn't anything to do afterwards and yes there really isn't, besides going back and trying to get achievements. However I'm glad I did get it, it was a fun experience.Oh and before I forget the AI is random so say you're mean to him he will be mean to you (like close doors and keep you away from stuff) but if you are nice then you will have the best of friend as ever! I give this game a 9/10 just for the story driven aspect and for the whole talking to the AI aspect.I hope this guide helps you in deciding weather or not to get this game! Have a good day."
76561198310519409,Recommended,470260,25858817,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SirPooStain,"Wow.First off, this game is gorgeous to look at. The atmosphere is perfect. I was on edge almost the whole time, and I didn't even see everything there was to see.The story: My jaw hit the floor. I don't want to spoil anything, I'm just sayin, this game is almost all build in story until the massive ending.Music: 10/10. Extremely effective use of music.THE AI: Kaizen keeps track of so many things, Kaizen kept track of how many times I said thank you! Just to put that into perspective. Conversations were ALMOST perfect. Sometimes Kaizen would misinterpret questions or statements, but overall the conversations between you and the AI are very easy to get enveloped in.Length: The game was a little short, but that doesn't mean it was bad. I loved every minute of it. About 2 hours to beat one of the many endings. I didn't go through everything, though. A heads up, TAKE YOUR TIME. There is no need to rush. Find all the small details and it will take your breath away.Overall I would give this game a 9/10. A 10/10 if the game had been just a little longer. I was hoping to be able to explore more of the ship, but what I got was still amazing.I highly recommend getting this game, and playing it with headphones, in one sitting."
76561197982594939,Recommended,470260,25891509,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,simone,"a great game, very original and nice storytelling. It truly is special"
,Recommended,470260,25825271,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,The Smithlord,Utterly_Fantastic.shThis is a game short on characters but not on character. The use of a text based interface where you directly converse with the ship-board AI is a brilliant way to further connect and immerse players as opposed to a dialogue tree.I can honestly say the game will stay with me for some time.
,Not Recommended,470260,25513960,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Smugliif,"I bought Event[0] on the release and found the idea very intriguing since I'm a fan of the Portal series and many other games and movies where the main character is in contact with an AI. You play as an astrounaut who gets stranded on a space station, your only friend being your friendly AI neighbour Kaizen. Your goal is to get back to earth by helping Kaizen by completing tasks from him and interacting with him by typing on the terminals. He understands the basics of what you say and feels believable, but sometimes he doesn't quite pick up what you are trying to tell him. The game does have multiple endings.I have found most of the ""puzzles"" to be either too easy or way harder then they should be. And Kaizen might just make you more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off if you try to ask for help.Event[0] does look nice and the sound design is decent, but you have to keep in mind that this is an indie game and you shouldn't expect too much.Is Event[0] worth your time?Yes!Is it worth the money?No, not really."
,Recommended,470260,25537109,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,[TrPMC]DrN0rd,"I mean don't get me wrong this concept for this game is fantastic, it sold me the game by itself. But, I really want to see more of this, its just too good of an idea to pass up on making more games based around this. But that's the thing it's lacking in content, but it's no doubt a great idea."
76561198016057006,Recommended,470260,25571263,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Ull av Asgård,Pretty good game but way to short. 5/10
,Recommended,470260,26478202,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Damon,"It's not for everyone, but I really enjoyed it.Premise: You arrive at  a station. Everybody is gone. Your only link to what happened is through a Hal-9000 like AI named Kaizen. Your only chance for survival is through Kaizen. But there's something off about Kaizen. He's hiding something. I don't consider it a horror game, but it is spooky and creepy.Technical description: A 3D adventure game with an AI chatbot.  Your key to solving the mysteries is interacting with the AI.The Graphics: Well done for an indie title. It serves the story well and gives off an Alien movie vibe.The Cons:* It has the trappings of every adventure game. Trying to figure out what you're supposed to do.* There's a lack of interactivity beyond the terminal. You can't pick up things like a screwdriver.* It's short. It took me about 4 hours.* Sometimes the chatbot isn't smart enough to answer your questions properly.* I think the story could have been revealed better.* Long loading screen.* The game left me wanting even more.The Pros:* Great atmosphere.* Interacting with the computer is fun.* A really unique experience.* The retro-futurism asthetic reminds me of Alien. Those 1970s/1980s ideas of what the future would look like.* Really Immsersive.* There are experiences in this game that I've never experienced in any game before.* When the chatbot AI works... it's really cool, and sometimes really creepy.* Multiple Endings.* When you get stuck, Kaizen can offer you clues.* Going out into space was just a fun experience.* Great sound design. Loved the space stuff.* The game has an ending that keeps you thinking about it hours after beating it.Note for the Developers: You've hit on something unique. That's pretty rare today. I wanted more. I suggest a sequel that pushes the boundaries a bit more.  Adding story, side quests, and more interactivity.  As cool as the chatbot is, I don't know if it should be 100% the focus. Without the AI, there's not much left of a game here. Adding something like some minor survival elements could have helped the game. But I still really enjoyed it. Can't wait to see what you guys do next.OVERALL: I recommend it. If you like adventure games, space, sci-fi and AI then this is definiately the game for you. If the trailer looks apealing to you, I think you'd like it. If you're still having doubts, then put it on your wishlist and wait for a sale."
76561198053869452,Recommended,470260,26195052,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,KleverSneeK,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing.  Play it without knowing anything.  Play through the ending a few times.  For people who love mysteries, exploring with a beautiful atmospheric touch."
,Recommended,470260,26302220,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,joshuai,"Amazing game if you know how to deal with Kaizen! Seriously one of the most beautiful games :OIf you'd like to know more, or you can't afford it, check it out here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcAfkLE0abw"
,Recommended,470260,26302636,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Pinetreeee,"Expensive for the length of the game, but it was enjoyable. If SOMA is too dark or frightening for you Event0 is a more lighthearted look at a similar atmosphere."
76561197969034498,Recommended,470260,26289824,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,frostypepper,"Event [0] was pretty good, I would say it deserves a thumbs up just for the concept.The game tasks you with typing to an AI and attempting to get back to earth after your ship blows up and you escape to a derelict space yacht.Let me just say that the game is WAY too short, its maybe a few hours of play. Now I wasn’t expecting the world, I would have just liked the game to last a bit longer.I would have also liked the AI to have some sort of personality, or ulterior motive, or be a psychopath or something. Maybe I missed something but the AI seemed to just be a fancy way to open doors. The AI could actually just be replaced with a simple hatch button that opened and closed doors.I digress, the game wasn’t bad, I was entertained for an hour and change."
,Recommended,470260,27559079,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Labyrith,"A short, and slightly predictable storyline, but a brilliant game nonetheless.It is easy to see what they were trying to do and given their limited resources, they did brilliantly.I saw this at Rezzed 2016 when I was presenting and talked to a couple of their presenters, it is easy to see the world they were trying to capture, and they did a VERY good job of it.As a 3D artist myself, I especially appreciate the art direction; it is clear they took aspects and inspiration from 2001: A Space Odyssey (as the AI has also been inspired by), a similar environment to the 1979 classic Alien (a personal favourite for environmental aesthetics) and with a similar, eerie and suspiciously quiet atmosphere (very similar to Alien Isolation, but more about intrigue than fear) I can safely say that this is one of my favourite small indie games, especially with an emphasis on the graphics and storytelling.The game is somewhat lacking in audio (besides some background audio and sound FX) which actually complements the style (may have been intentional), but this is hardly noticable as you are trying to work out how to open a door.I could talk about the graphics; such as my appreciation for the attention to PBR and lighting, but suffice to say, it's a nice looking game.The game only lasts a couple of hours on the first playthrough (2.5 for me) (depending on how fast you are of course), but given the price, it is well worth the playthrough.Thanks for reading, Kyle."
,Recommended,470260,27409801,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,gatnib,"Love it. Although people might argue that $20 is too much for a game you only spend two hours in, I thoroughly enjoyed my time with it. Games like this usually have a clear good and evil character, while Event[0] leaves it up to the player to decide who's good and who's bad. I'm watching someone else play the game now and they're making totally different choices than I did.The game still could have been slightly longer, though. Even just one or two extra rooms would have gotten rid of all the bad ""This game is too short"" reviews."
,Recommended,470260,27576960,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Willy the Wendigo,Kaizen is best husbando
,Recommended,470260,27608605,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,McDirty,"Ok this is really a great premise for a game, and a really good execution of it. It was 2 hrs long and only one scenario. I'd love to see a game 5x as long / deep. Or at least like some steam workshop support, cause it was really fun! Please let us mod this for future content!"
76561198126046403,Not Recommended,470260,28398833,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,sterling42,"My only dissapontment with the game was how very short it was.The game plays well, and the puzzles are good, but there isn't enough of them.When I reached the end of the game...a point i am normally very happy to get to, instead of feeling any joy, My thoughts were ""seriously...that's it???""game play per dollar ratio isn't good enough to get a recommendation.Wait til its on sale."
,Recommended,470260,25859508,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Obinice,"Absolutely brilliant. Wish they'd had the time and funding to produce a game like this on a larger scale. If they do, I'll be picking it up immediately."
76561198141411541,Recommended,470260,25871765,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,komoki_emrys,"Okay space terrifies the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me, but I had to pick this up. Ai's are one of my favorite things in science fiction. The kaizen interface is amazing. The mystery of Nandi and Anele is a little suspcious though. Color me intrigued.I'm hoping that by the end of the game my questions will be answered.If you like space, artificial intelligence, or puzzles then this game is for you."
,Recommended,470260,25830576,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Oz,"I loved this game.It doesn't have a very big ""replay"" factor, even though you have different endings. I felt that the run that I had was the one I was going to stick with.Graphics aren't superb, but are very nice. The sound effects, the CRT interface, the sound that the keyboard does in-game, are pleasant.I just felt like if they merged this game with a game like SOMA, which has a longer storyline, a bigger plot, different environments and stuff, it would have been awesome.The only bad feeling I have from this game is that now I want more games like this, and can't find any other than old Text-base Adventure games from the 80s, which is not the same. Nothing against them. I loved playing these games back in the day, but the FPS aspect of it makes a big differenceDefinetly recommend it. Just remember it is a short game that you can finish in one sit. But still worth your time.(just a small observation that might be considered a spoiler by some, but might be relevant for those who are going to buy it:The game doesn't contain monsters/aliens/ghosts running after you, scare jumps, or things like that. The atmosphere itself is enough to keep you engaged to the game, so don't worry)."
76561198025226848,Recommended,470260,25916050,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,zombiesocks,"Summary: An atmospheric game with an uncreative story that still manages to provide a good experience.The Good:-Great text parsing and interaction with the AI. It feels like you're actually having a conversation with Kaizen. It's been a long time since I felt so in control of my interaction with a fictional character. This is the biggest draw of the game and well worth experiencing.-Atmopsheric. They have good lighting artists and good production quality. The speech, sound design, and everything else audio-wise is exceptional.-It feels like being on a computer. This may seem like a weird thing to say, because it's so obvious, but they managed to capture the intangible aspects of the experience through a combination of art, sound design, and player interaction. It's very easy to get immersed in this world.The Bad:-The story is just 2001: A Space Odyessy with the setting of Alien: Isolation. 'Ripoff' is a strong word, but it's definitely more than just an homage. Maybe if the ending had gone in a different direction, or even if the story had some surprises, it could have worked... But it just didn't deliver anything even a little creative story-wise. I spent the whole game waiting for a twist that never came.The choices at the beginning didn't matter, the other characters weren't very interesting, and the villain was a 'really?' moment with no satisfaction in the reveal. Even the philisophical theme of the story didn't carry over into gameplay and felt more like a cut and paste at the front and end of the narrative instead of being PART of the narrative. Compared to a game like SOMA, which features a simlar theme and atmosphere, this feels like the plot to a first person shooter. It wasn't a time issue either. The game had more than enough time to get creative with the plot, but failed.-I got stuck in a puzzle where there was a time limit, doing a 'pixel hunt.' Not a great combination.-Poorly optmized and prone to crashing. A game like this should not be capable of lagging my computer, which is a beast.In the end, it's an atmospheric and mostly well-designed game that's worth checking out. For something that began as a student project, the designers absolutely deserve praise. I look forward to seeing what they'll do in the future and don't regret the purchase. I'd definitely recommend it."
76561198151735805,Recommended,470260,25960085,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,blubla8,"Interesting concept and execution.  Enjoyed the game and thought the price was fair.  My only complaint was the game's optimization, which was far from ideal.  Other than that, a very enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,470260,28616330,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jasyla,"Very immersive game that puts you in a mysterious, abandoned space station with an odd AI names Kaizen as your only company. Most of the game consists of exploring the your surroundings (including a space walk or two), reading logs, and talking to Kaizen on one of the many terminals. The atmosphere is great, Kaizen is an interesting conversation partner and the music is fantastic. Highly recommended if you like exploration and unraveling a story."
76561198054729950,Recommended,470260,28694636,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,claudeklineiii,"best $12 i ever spent. one of those games you never have the same experience twice. if you like games that make you think and try to figure out what happened, then this is a game for you. best part i love about this game is that it's fluid, even in the same save it can change"
76561197970396484,Recommended,470260,28661989,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,maggrand,An nearly excelent game. It just need some minor improvment in the text parser. The game is extremly atmospheric and i did enjoy every moment of it. The graphic overall is great so is the sound and music. So go and get it and enjoy.
76561198025178959,Recommended,470260,28643519,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,senselessViolinist,"I bought this game with the expectation that it would be a fairly rote puzzle game with one innovative aspect - the ability to type arbitrary messages to the AI character. I was surprised by how clever the writing turned out to be, how evocative and moody the environments were, and how emotionally invested I got in the story!This game is not a horror game exactly, but there were definitely moments that terrified me more than most horror games I've played. This isn't the visceral fear of being stalked by a monster, but the existential terror at the empty expanse of space, or the slow, creeping horror of realizing that you're at the mercy of something that may or may not have your well-being at heart.People joke about ""environmental storytelling"" in games being a euphemism for just adding some skulls and bloodstains, but Event[0] actually does it right. You piece together what happened on the Nautilus from tiny clues - a chair that was never installed; a scattering of origami cranes; the few files that remain in the ship's corrupted database. It's extremely well-paced without ever giving you the feeling that you're being lead through the story by the nose.The puzzles and obstacles in your way walk the fine line between intuitivity and hand-holding, creating situations that are possible and satisfying to solve with your own creativity and very few hints or cues. I feel like this makes the experience even more immersive, rewarding experimentation and guessing in surprising ways. The only exception to this is the final scene, which offers a puzzle that I - and two other backseat players with me - had significant trouble figuring out. However, having solved it one way, my mind is already spinning with ideas for how to solve it in a better way on my next playthrough.The other incredible aspect, that the game's description barely alludes to, is that the setting is an alternate history, one where humanity achieved FTL space travel in the 80s - but the computers still look like old Apple IIs. This juxtaposition is lovingly woven throughout all of Event[0]'s environments, a combination of retro aesthetics and space-age functionality. Case in point: the ship is filled with roomba-like cleaning robots, but they're huge, clunky, beige things, exactly like what you'd imagine a roomba from the 80s would look like.So far I've only gotten one of the game's three endings, but I'm excited to play it again from the beginning. The unique mechanic of interacting with Kaizen puts Event[0]'s replay value through the roof."
76561198189367194,Recommended,470260,28637162,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,gittekenneth,"Evil at its worst is......when you finally gain some trust in, that you are doing the right thing; and then finds out......You've been played from the very beginning.Horrific simple and intense.....Absolutely worth recomending."
,Recommended,470260,28655707,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,chickenbone519,"DON'T PI$$ THIS COMPUTER OFF!It is an interesting game and a quick playthrough-less than 3 hours. It is an easy enough game, but it makes you think and ask questions; ask the right questions I might add. It is a diferent kind of game. Enjoyable with a twist."
76561197964365382,Recommended,470260,28641215,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sille,Awsome game highly recomend it!
76561198001784408,Recommended,470260,28661263,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mb3,"If you've ever played Zork you'll feel right at home here. Its a Sci-fI, outerspace, Zork with fantastic graphics, sounds and settings. I loved being able to interact with terminals just like I was standing there typing.  The puzzles were fun and felt good to complete. The best puzzle for me was just trying to figure out what was going on.  Kaizen wierded me out a little, I always felt like he was plotting something. (which I liked)  I have no regrets buying this game, I think everone should own it."
,Recommended,470260,28572139,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,blacksidesniper,"If you like computing, AI, programming, or the trailer. You will like this game.8 of 10 stars!"
76561198260132564,Recommended,470260,28579714,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ghostofthetoast,"A very interesting game that I am glad exists, though it could have been longer. While Kaizen is not perfect, (She does not understand whit at all.)  It made for a wholey unique experience that I believe everyone should try, especially for fans of Gone Home and Firewatch."
76561198118305870,Recommended,470260,28178186,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ShrugViper,"It's a very clever game where you can talk to the computer and type what you want, it works far better than I thought it would too! It looks quite nice, but the main point and mechanic is talking to the computer. Please if this idea sounds interesting give it a shot! It'll be worth your time!I honestly can't give this game a standard review either, this really is just the kind of game where you just have to try it for yourself."
76561198051078365,Recommended,470260,28415176,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Dahunar Happy Feet Mama Sanchez,"What an original and pleasant adventure. I love how clueless the game leave you first, but never let you too long in the dark."
,Recommended,470260,28406064,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,RAZUMZHIRO,I had so much fun with this game!I love any game with CLI as part of the mechanics. Especially well-designed story driven ones like this.
,Recommended,470260,27718404,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Devastator,"if you have problems with display settings just switch resolution, show that you care.AI lives up to expectations,story has a twistobvious is not obviousenvironment is well designedplayed it 2 times in a row. and want more.9/10! highly recommend"
76561198086255422,Recommended,470260,27420016,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Roado Rorra Da,"A wonderful game concept but an opportunity wasted, The game should have been way longer that it is , leaving aside the time it takes to solve the puzzles and the time wasted just walking aimlessly, i would say that the game is 1.5 hours long if you were to run through it""maybe"",The computer AI""Kaizen-85""is quite advanced and annoying at times which gives the feeling of immersion, the ending was pretty sad not because of the plot but because of how fast you were able to reach the ending(reeeaally hoped it was a bit longer :3 ), buy this if you have spare money and you dont know what to buy."
76561198056394799,Recommended,470260,27851572,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mastergauron1,I expected a longer game. Got 2 ending already.I say this is a good game and buy it if it gets on sale.
76561198095579641,Recommended,470260,33245484,Posted: 4 July,all,SwarlosTheChickenSlayer,It's a great game but I would only buy during a sale because it's very short for $20 game (I finished it in two hours).
,Recommended,470260,33002212,Posted: 29 June,all,Graymaven,"Got this on steam sale, not sure it would have been worth $20 but at $12 it's more than worth price of admission. It's like firewatch, think of it like a really expesnive movie ticket and you won't be dissapointed.The game is a marvel of syntax, they use a set of very clever tricks to anticipate which responses are appropriate to what you, the human, typing in. Initially it worked only 6/10 times but a few rules helped me get that to 8-9/10.1. Be relatively brief. Don't give the thing shakespear or it will get confused.2. Pronouns are a huge no-no. It has a limited ability to refer to previous sentances and the fastest way to a wtf disconnect in the coversation is ""it"" or ""they"".3. Correct spelling is key.4. Don't get clever with grammer. Simple♥♥♥♥♥♥and Jane sentances. If, impersonate Yoda you do, end well for you this game will not, *hmmmmmmmm!*All in all, one of the better indie projects I've experienced. I'd recommend it to someone who had a few hours to kill and wanted to see somethig really clever that tells an interesting story in a marvelous way. THe way the story is told in bits and peices across time keeps you interested as you keep searching for that next nugget of knowledge, that next peice of the puzzle.And for the three people who will get this...""Are you alive? Then prove it."""
76561198083763671,Recommended,470260,33260176,Posted: 4 July,all,ash & bone,Sci-Fi Robot BFF Simulator - 7/10 banana stickers
,Recommended,470260,33257099,Posted: 4 July,all,青い羊,"My only complaint would be the horrible mouse smoothing.Other than that, its a mastapiece."
76561198050620167,Recommended,470260,29115000,Posted: 8 January,all,Arl,"The AI dialogue was good, but most believable if you didn't push it for answers be too friendly."
,Recommended,470260,28839446,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Weirdlooking,"THis is a well built, story driven, puzzle game. The game is also extremly short. Their apepars to be a few alternate endings to play through to but to me the game does not seem long enough to warrent plaything through again. Unless i missed something and there are multiple ways to solve certain ""puzzles"".The interactivity with the ships AI is a really great way to present a story and i hope i see future games using this gameplay mechanic."
76561198067121656,Not Recommended,470260,29010713,Posted: 4 January,all,kiekendief1986,"I was intrigued by this game and it's clever AI system. Alais, an outerior mision with a bug made progress completely impossible. So with no savegame system to rely on (the autosave was way beyond rescuepoint) I quit in frustraton. Would not recommend this."
,Not Recommended,470260,29014869,Posted: 4 January,all,SteveBrule,"This is broken on OSX.The initial download won't load the game after the twine intro. This can be remedied by downloading the beta version.The beta version has game-breaking bugs further into the game that prevent getting a key item that contains a required four digit code. I then found that after dying the game reloaded without the ship, which means I can no longer continue without restarting the game and losing my progress."
,Recommended,470260,28991761,Posted: 3 January,all,スニークlogiciwire火の手,"I really liked the game the atmosphere of the game is really awesome and i really like you the developpers made Kaizen.The graphics are beautifull and the mechanic of the game is kinda weird at first but after less than a minute its natural and you understand why thay made it like that. I really liked the song(Hey judy) perfect for the game. Overall I am in love with that game even if its short, but there is more ending to do so i really like that."
76561197973673097,Recommended,470260,28990547,Posted: 3 January,all,Swordsman_1,"Let's start by saying I enjoyed playing Event[0] and recommend it. It isn't a perfect game but I didn't expect it to be, I came to it treating it as an indie game but also as a gaming experiment.Event[0] has it's flaws, it's well documented that it's quite short. Your first playthrough should take you about 3-4 hours. Know that going in and it's not a surprise. Also, if you're expecting the AI in this game to rival Google's DeepMind project then you've got unrealistic expectations I'm afriad. The AI is not perfect and sometimes just gives you the next bit of plot without being prompted or completely misunderstands something that seems simple.That said, there were several times when I genuinely smiled or was surprised by the in-game AI. The first playthrough is pretty tense at times. While short, the game trys a few ambitious things that triple A games don't dare to do.I do have to point out the really long load times. I'm talking about 2-3 minutes, I ended up going and getting a book while I waited. Fortunately there aren't many of them once you get into the game proper. There are also a few performance problems with this game that would annoy in a triple-A title but I'll just about accept in an indie game. It does seem to really tax the GPU regardless of display settings, not sure why... Hopefully a future patch can sort these issues.Oh and what is with the interactive ""create your character"" bit at the beginning that makes no difference whatsoever. Interesting the first time but REALLY annoying on every replay as it can't be skipped or even sped up.So in summary:- It's short- The AI isn't as smart as we'd like it to be- There are tech issues with the game itself- The character creation bit really puts you off restarting too many times to get all the endingsBUT I did really enjoy my time playing Event[0]. It's fun, it's different, it isn't the same old stuff recycled. I had a number of moments where I felt like I was in classic moments from movies like Alien (speaking to Mother) or 2001  with HAL (there's a nice little HAL easter egg in there too).Go in with prior knowledge of the problems and as little knowledge of the plot as possible and you'll have fun. At least put it on your wishlist for a future sale like I did."
76561198127578973,Not Recommended,470260,28947244,Posted: 2 January,all,iUserProfile,Interesting game idea but it doesn't hold up. The AI you talk to seems to be pretty random. Maybe that is the intention but it never convinced me to belive in it's agenda nor could it explain to me why I should do the things it planned to do.Finally I ran into a game breaking bug where the game save out in space and me running out of oxygen. It says in the game-tips that you can reenter the airlock to fill up air supply but the AI whouldn't let me. So i couldn't progress.I will refund the game - guess the developer can thank his AI for that.
,Not Recommended,470260,28781925,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,NanoTrasen,"The amount of content this game offers makes it feel like it's worth 5 bucks, but at the time I bought it was asking $20 dollars for it. It's a scam in my eyes. It only offers enough content to barely make it past the refund time limit. It knows what it's doing, and it's doing this on purpose.Aside from that, it chugs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and controls somewhat like it too. AI dialog is very... Nonsensical... I know coding AI responses to be this dynamic is difficult, but at times, this is just plain out infuriating. Puzzles are way to confusing, and the AI dosen't do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥to help you."
76561197969191931,Recommended,470260,28838750,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Doticus,fun but short.   A throwback to the old days of text games.    Clues are presented by the computer who is trying to help you.    A few times he will misdirect you.  Several endings are possible depending on how you play.
,Recommended,470260,28843966,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cattail,"In Event[0] you get stranded into a deserted spaceship. Your only companion is the ships AI, Kaizen. You can interact with Kaizen through terminals in which you type commands and sentences. This mechanic sets Event[0] apart from other games. Kaizen understands a lot of basic commands and you can try to talk to it, but do not expect to have deep conversations. Many times he simply doesn’t understand what you are trying to say or he’ll give an unrelated answer. This kind of fits the atmosphere, since you can’t be sure if the AI is dumb, playing dumb or lying to you. Maybe it tells something about the emptiness of my life, but I enjoyed talking to Kaizen. It’s not perfect but in this context it’s good enough.Other than typing you can walk around and look at objects. You can’t pick up or combine items and I was left hoping for more interactivity outside of the terminals. Fortunately the game world looks nice and has a lot of details. It has the same 80’s retro sci-fi look that alien movies have and it’s lovely. It also has references to some classic sci-fi movies which got a smile out of me.Graphics are nice and the game ran well enough. I did see some stuttering seemingly at random. The game doesn’t require any fast movements so this did not effect the gameplay but was a bit irritating. Event[0] uses music well and while other sound effect aren’t spectacular, I really liked the clickety-clickety of the terminal keyboards.I completed the game in a single sitting, which took around 2 hours. There are supposed to be multiple endings but I only completed the game once. The ending I had was satisfying and tied everything up. The length is really short and I do wish the concept had been expanded with more characters and locations. Especially with the full asking price which is way too steep. On sale price it’s still a bit expensive but a good experience."
76561197998620900,Recommended,470260,28768620,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,josiahlambert,"A unique 3-4 hour experience. Engaging throughout. Strong sense of immersion. For $10-15, I'd definitely recommend for both the time spent and dollar value. Well priced and well produced."
76561197998216366,Recommended,470260,32014144,Posted: 28 May,all,pi3orionis,"Amazing. In a word, this game is amazing.I don't want to discuss anything that happens in the game because even the smallest spoiler will diminish the game experience. It's not a difficult game but it's not meant to be, though people who don't immerse themselves in the setting or pay attention to the story might get lost.It's astounding what can be done with an interface that is almost exclusively text, I'll say. Some of my interactions in the game gave me shivers.Best experienced with no walkthroughs. Seriously, tough it out, ask for help in game. Don't ruin this experience for yourself!"
76561198009897511,Recommended,470260,31823575,Posted: 18 May,all,chardogan,"Kind of short and puzzles were extremely simple. The 'AI' interface that responds to your commands and queries is faulty at certain points, which is understandable. Mainly, it is predetermined responses based upon key words in what you type, so if you type something that it doesn't understand you get a wierd response. Still, First playthrough was kind of fun, second playthrough went by faster since I knew what to do. I will try to get the multiple endings. The one downside to that, I have to play the whole game in order to get the next ending."
,Recommended,470260,31848316,Posted: 19 May,all,Poutine,"Event[0] is a great combination of sci-fi and choose your own adventure.  The feature of being able to say whatever you want is very interesting, but sometimes you will get a response that does not make any sense with regards to what you said.  The story took me about an hour and a half to go through, but there are multiple endings that you can replay to explore.  It is a fun game overall, but I would recommend waiting for a sale to get it."
76561198215853681,Recommended,470260,31889818,Posted: 21 May,all,Mangus10,This game is awesome. I enjoy the gameplay and story. However the game crashes a whole lot and it makes this less enjoyable.
,Recommended,470260,31597263,Posted: 6 May,all,Landlocked_Pirate,This game was a fun exploration type puzzle game. Multiple endings all affected by your choices and interactions during the game. I liked it a lot.
76561198028048979,Recommended,470260,31606061,Posted: 7 May,all,Lady_Regret,"I loved this game! It was amazing and gave me the shivvers that few games manage to do where they're so good you wish you could erase your memory and do it all over again. There is something very important you have to do though if you want the full enjoyment of this game.DO NOT go into this game as if Kaizen is just you average chat bot!SERIOUSLY, I can't stress this enough.Do not go in thinking that responses are limited to certain key words or that to progress the game you have to just get from point a to point b. You will not enjoy this game if you think like that. The biggest mistake I see people make when they play this is expecting programming limits where there are none. Is Kaizen not listening to you? It's probably because of you and not it. Is Kaizen repeating unrelated information when you ask it a question? It probably just doesn't trust you with the answer...but I can assure you that the answer probably does exist. You just need to earn it.Treat Kaizen like a person...not a limited AI internet chat bot, and you'll find this game has far more depth and feeling then you ever could have expected."
,Recommended,470260,31791017,Posted: 16 May,all,Beerit,Great little game.
76561197982488066,Recommended,470260,31781361,Posted: 15 May,all,The_Reaper612,Great story.
76561198349481623,Recommended,470260,31757819,Posted: 14 May,all,FlamingNewt,"OMG! I love love love this game!It's super fun and creative, and the most immersive game I've played so far! You can really see the amount of work the developers put in. Kaizen's personality and overall humanity is incredible, and while occasionally he'll say something that shows his robotic-ness (sorry I don't know the word for that) a lot of the time, talking to him feels almost like talking to a real person! 10/10 Definetly worth the money!"
76561198148488891,Recommended,470260,28816581,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,0c6436dd,"Regrettably short, but a pretty cool experience."
,Recommended,470260,28845474,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Timthos,"While being stranded on an abandoned spaceship isn't exactly an original plot, interacting with the spaceship's AI through text is a novel and intriguing problem-solving mechanic. For once, I was able to pose my own line of questioning instead of relying on the game's writer to present me with the dialog option I wanted, and I loved the feeling of agency and allowance for creativity that this game-play element afforded me. I am hoping we get to see the ideas in Event[0] expanded upon for even deeper experiences in the future."
,Recommended,470260,28919051,Posted: 1 January,all,melchior,Than's an awesome and kind of unique game experience! I'd recommend this game if you like adventures and puzzles.
,Recommended,470260,28964220,Posted: 2 January,all,theboywil,Enjoyable and not terribly taxing.  Fun wandering around a space station chatting to an 80's AI.  A good excuse to enjoy listening to your own mechanical keyboard while also hearing the in game keyboard chattering away.I really enjoyed interaction only really through keyboard while also being immersed in a first person world.
,Recommended,470260,29237792,Posted: 13 January,all,winRAR Archive Manager,Really good game about AI and empathy.
76561198019049547,Recommended,470260,29239653,Posted: 13 January,all,Phourc,"I recall saying if someone removed the teleporting garbage insta-lose alien from Alien: Isolation that I would love the crap out of that game.  And well... this is kinda it.  Spooky ghost ship to explore, beautiful 80s retro future aesthetic, and a wonky AI that may or may not know more than it's letting on.  Awesome!Let me spoil one thing, though: it's a chatbot.  The AI, that is.  And it controls everything on the ship, including the doors - your sole interactions are exploration and typing.  So your ability to find the stuff Kaizen has been programmed to talk about, the right questions to ask and commands to give, is the difference between frustration and awe at this game.  Here's a hint - there's lots of vinyls around the ship, some are even played for you, but I never got the AI to comment on the piece, artist or genre so... don't bother, I guess?Also- the game's short (get it on sale), but if you enjoyed it the first time, I reccomend a second playthrough being mean/nice to Kaizen (whichever you didn't do before), it changes a lot.  One in particular stood out on a jerk run.  At one point the AI gets confused as to who you are.  Staying in full 'jerk' character I started swearing, at which point it immediately figured out who I was.  Fun stuff!"
,Recommended,470260,29249375,Posted: 14 January,all,Tvyn,Short but cute.  Enjoyable if you can get it on sale.
,Recommended,470260,29248824,Posted: 14 January,all,corvo,"okay so this game was actually pretty good. I really enjoyed it.I liked the cocnept of this game, thats why I bought it when it was in sale and I do defenitly not regret it.I understand however why others do see it in a different way.Sadly the loading time took a bit, that kind of bugged me but it was bearable. Also the AI sometimes didn't quite get what I wanted but it's a computer after all and I thought that it worked better than any other ingame AI systems.My absolute fav thing about KAIZEN is the amount of sass they put into the computer. I asked a normal question and the System just sassed me so hard, that I could only type""Sassy you"" to what the computer replied with a simple "":-)""I really liked that, I started to really like a computer System in a Game.Plus I liked how the story processed and in the end i was stuck with my decision what to do.In my eyes: A nice game but if you don't want to spend 20 bucks for a 2 hour game, maybe wait for the sale. I enjoyed it a lot."
76561198034389955,Recommended,470260,29254269,Posted: 14 January,all,Tumultuous,"hmmmmmm decent little game, but i think its over priced, just because of the length and even tho there are multiple endings i wont be playing again thats what youtube is for lol, was well made tho so maybe a wait for sale game"
76561198057178419,Recommended,470260,29361568,Posted: 19 January,all,pachouavangyang,"I bought this game because ofMark Brown’s videoabout how Event[0] works. I was immediately intrigued by the idea of typing to talk to a computer, and I have to say, I was not let down.I found Event[0] to be an incredibility charming and yet quite spooky.Especially when you find the dead body!You definitely have to give the game some time in order to get a great play out of it. I feel that rushing through or trying to ‘brute force’ your way past Kaizen isn’t as fun as reading all the logs, asking about the missing(?)crew, and piecing together what happened aboard the Nautilus.Event[0] is a unique idea with a lovely little soundtrack, and I adore it, but it would have been great if the game was longer – though I do admit I don’t know where the extra content would have been put."
76561198198124237,Recommended,470260,30096086,Posted: 22 February,all,Mirotopist,"I haven't played through all of it yet, and I am heads over heels for Kaizen. I would gladly sell my soul for this beautifully brilliant AI, and I would sell my soul as many times as I have to to get them to love me. <3 11/10 would play again & recommend (I also have a mac and it only has a slight lag, nothing serious)."
76561197995055895,Recommended,470260,27323932,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eirulan,"I really liked it.Intelligent, very good ""sci-fiction"" atmosphere.I liked to write ""orders"" to AI terminals ! very original.Also the AI chats.It was very fun and relaxing to play !"
76561198079962262,Recommended,470260,29971560,Posted: 16 February,all,SpilledTooth92,honestly this game left me realing it was amazing and it left me with a lot to think about. 100% recomend it to anyone looking to expand their train of thought.
,Recommended,470260,29969639,Posted: 16 February,all,ノア,"Simply AWESOME. Stuck with the most annoying NPC ever in space, trying to outsmart the it to survive.This game is a gem and should be experienced."
,Not Recommended,470260,31051537,Posted: 9 April,all,bale626,"I did enjoy this game; however, as someone who has been spoiled by games like Fallout and Skyrim, Stellaris and Starbound, this game was entirely too short.One hour and forty minutes, is all it took me, from beginning to end.The game was fun, and it was a blast to try to outwit Kaizen. But a game that is this short, is not worth twenty bucks. If for no other reason that people can beat it in under two hours and immediately get a refund for it."
,Recommended,470260,32225669,Posted: 6 June,all,Ryozuki,"This game is a masterpiece, a must play. On my top 10.The song is also a masterpiece"
76561198069530309,Recommended,470260,32426636,Posted: 14 June,all,t-bonerism,"Honestly, this is a really good narrative driven game. With this being said I kind of wish there weren't so many ""file missing"" or ""Data Corrupted"" items in the games logs. It makes cycling through the logs a little irritating. BUT, and that's a big but, the game was one of my favorite ""indie"" games on the steam store. Kaizen is well done, though I would have liked to see him play a more sinister role in my second playthrough because I gave him very little reason to believe that I would complete the ""task"". The movement system is little wonky using the mouse button to walk rather than wasd and this game is not for a low level gaming PC. I was playing through it on a laptop with a 6700HQ with 16GB of RAM and a 960M with 2GB of dedicated VRAM and the game needed to be played on it's lowest settings to get playable frame rates.(upper 30s/low 40s) Just keep that in mind."
,Recommended,470260,32793375,Posted: 25 June,all,Commodore Schlippy,"Event[0] is a game that tries something not often attempted in video game production; something new. while playing, I was given one commrad through the entire experience, a little AI who does what he can to assist you, however little that is. Admitidly, the game is a touch short, I finished it in an afternoon, but it has a very good idea and a great storyline, with touches of lore to invest you in the space station and the computer within, as well as enough danger to keep things from being boring. The only shortcoming I have with the game is, ironically, how short it is. I wish I could have had more interactions with this computer.9/10 would purchas again."
,Recommended,470260,32794196,Posted: 25 June,all,AndrewW,"Although it didn't seem to get that much attention, I think it is a great game for people who just like story games, and this game sure has a great story."
,Recommended,470260,32765051,Posted: 25 June,all,lauren.carroll976,Pros:  The atmosphere is palpable and even though you are the only person on the ship there is a constant feeling like something is definitely amiss.  The A.I. has been programmed incredibly well and understands almost anything you type to it.The look of the space station reminds me a little of Tacoma (upcoming release from Gone Home devs) and a little of Soma.  The whole station never lets you quite feel at ease and I loved that about it the whole time.  Also the soundtrack is wonderful!Cons:  The puzzles are a little obtuse at times and I found myself having to check guides multiple times to figure out what I was supposed to be doing.Overall verdict:  If you’re a fan of this type of game I would still pick it but wait for a sale.  I got mine during this years Steam summer sale and even though I enjoyed my experience with it I don’t think its worth the full price tag.
,Recommended,470260,32706657,Posted: 23 June,all,Texas Toast,"AMAZING GAME, I did not know what to expect, and waht i found was amazing, my only complaints are that i got stuck and it was too short, I hope there is a contiunation, or another game like this one. 9.9/10 I wish i could play it again"
76561198014834130,Recommended,470260,32839895,Posted: 26 June,all,anarchaic,What a great little game.  Three hours in and thoroughly enjoying myself.  (Mostly) intuitive game play and Kaizen is a blast.
,Recommended,470260,32832627,Posted: 26 June,all,Depot_Shredder,"Alright, I'm going to be boring.Pros:- AI (Kaizen) is programmed very well- Extremely interesting story- Beautiful atmosphere- Kaizen really seems to have a personality- Kaizen WILL remember if you're rude to it (not that I would know)- Requires some creativity to get through the story (but not so much that it requires online help)Cons:- AI has a few faults (hard to ask for certain things)- Very short (About 2.5 hours for me)"
,Recommended,470260,32832938,Posted: 26 June,all,FappingRaptor,This game.. what can I say? It blew my mind! Some puzzles were really difficult and took me hours to figure out. but that's just because im stupid and not seeing the obvious. PRO TIP: Read the logs...Overall VERY stunning game and clever!Things i learned from Event[0]:Don't speak up to AI'sBe polite!_______Things you do in this game: Kiss an 80's AI system's♥♥♥♥♥to let you back in.
76561198067481163,Recommended,470260,32825798,Posted: 26 June,all,ladykrystalwebb,"Thoroughly enjoyed this game, talking to the AI is quite a unique experience because you get a sense that the dialog you choose is important but you don't know how or why until you actually engage with Kaizen at each step. I was almost put off the game because of the mixed reviews but having played it now I think any negativity is a bit unfair! lol (just my opinion)I don't want to give any spoilers and altho the game is quite short, it is a worthwhile purchase. Buy it!"
,Recommended,470260,32803795,Posted: 26 June,all,MorbidManatee,"I love the story of this game and the way Kaizen is programmed! I don't think I've cared this much about an AI since Wheatley. (I still miss you, Wheatley...)Anyway. While the gameplay is fun and worth a couple of replays, the game does suffer from bugs and crashes more than I would like. It runs very slowly on my computer, even with graphics set to low. Now, my computer is by no means a super advanced gaming computer, but it also isn't terrible. If I can run an open-world game like Skyrim without lagging, stuttering, and crashing, I'm not completely sure why Event[0] is so taxing to the computer. When the game crashes or you run into a bug, it ruins the immersion. On one occasion I had almost finished the game, then ran into a game-breaking bug and had to completely start over. Thankfully, the game is not too long, so starting over from the beginning isn't the worst thing in the world.Despite the technical difficulties, I would still say this game is worth it. (I bought it 40% off during the Steam summer sale.) The game is not very mechanically taxing to the player--it's more about talking to Kaizen, solving puzzles, and looking around, rather than trying to maneuver yourself--so lagging is tolerable. Without giving too much away, this game plays to your emotions and leaves you wondering who to trust."
,Recommended,470260,33550120,Posted: 14 July,all,Little Holiday,"This game is incredible. It has an awesome story, a great interface, a bunch of cool concepts, and is the single most immersive game I have ever played. 10/10 I am recommending this to everyone I know.   One thing to note is that, while at first the controls seem wonky, they make sense in the long run and are really increidbly immerseive. I loved this game from start to finish. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,470260,33582936,Posted: 16 July,all,jesper,"Moderately disapointed with this game. I heard so much good stuff and had visions of the old Infocom text adventures brought to 3d life. But just sooo linear and I think the most intelligent conversation I had with the AI was ""Open door d10"". It seemed like anything slightly complex and even many very very basic messages the AI just spat some random reply out?Go and play the old infocom WIshbringer or HitchHikers Guide to the Galaxy or Infidel."
,Recommended,470260,33599382,Posted: 16 July,all,mad-amoiselle,This is one of the best games I've played in a really long time.
76561198139252715,Recommended,470260,33638381,Posted: 18 July,all,longwillsas,I feel like I'm really talking to an AI
76561198028209057,Recommended,470260,33300407,Posted: 5 July,all,a murloc,This maDe mE HAvE Se0̵̛͍͖̤͙̌̅̿̅̓̆̂̈́̓̈́ͅx0̴̌͆͑͝͝00̷̛͙̮̀̓͊͒́0̵͎̭̎̎͘͜͝͝͝8̶̘̬̪̗͑̂͛̒͋͛̔̾̂͝͠͠8̴͈̍́̀͗͛͑́̓̾͝4̸̟̦̳̯̩̪̺̑͂̉̓́̿̐̊̂͑E̸
,Recommended,470260,33391873,Posted: 8 July,all,GarrickWinter,"An interesting and innovative little game about interacting with a chatbot on computer terminals. That's really the main mechanic, aside from a few very simple puzzles. The chatbot does surprisingly well if you don't go out of your way to try breaking it, and I don't think I've ever quite felt like I was actually having a conversation with an NPC the way I felt when writing to the AI, Kaizen. It really helps that Kaizen is framed as an imperfect AI itself, so the times the chatbot messes up feel in-character - all of this was quite well thought-out for such a small game.It's quite short to play through once, but well worth it just to experience what it's like to try and have a real conversation with an AI character. I hope that other games will learn from this and try to incorporate better NPC conversations."
76561198072959146,Recommended,470260,33901787,Posted: 30 July,all,Ω J.4.T Ω,I Got Called Sweetheart :3
76561197970083635,Not Recommended,470260,34177996,Posted: 11 August,all,SciBoy,"The game is about a space traveller that lands on a derelict space craft after an accident. It focuses on the interactions between the main character and the AI of the derelict space craft.To me, the premise is interesting, but the game itself, while by no means bad looking or buggy (very solid, as far as I can see), it just seems unpolished. With a game like this, you want replayability (because it is really short), but I was not at all interested in the story. The story was just not that compelling. There were real attempts at giving the player choices, but how these choices affect the story itself was not at all obvious and in fact I'm not sure they actually had any effect and certainly don't have any idea of what I could have done differently. The game seemed very linear.Also, you can't ever go back and do anything over. You only have your latest save. When you save you overwrite the previous save and autosave, so any time you reach a checkpoint, your last save is gone.It's just too short to recommend."
76561197995138381,Recommended,470260,35112754,Posted: 21 September,all,Icarus492,"At first I thought this game was way too short at 3h; but thinking on it, I realised it kept perspective in favour of gimics or unessecary red herrings. Could it have been cheaper and in that case - the 'gimic-carp' would have made an entrance, is a dichotomy which will probably cause more reviews."
76561198338085813,Recommended,470260,34967251,Posted: 15 September,all,Clay Moore,"Fun and unique gaming experience. Kind of short, so wait for sale."
,Recommended,470260,35160522,Posted: 23 September,all,Kuschonink,"It's a game about empathy. And it made me feel so helpless but to trust Kaizen, who is the only one who could talk to when all the crew were dead. I felt it and all I wanted to do was to die, following all my other crewmates."
,Recommended,470260,35201131,Posted: 25 September,all,Hori,"TL;DR: Amazingly good short game.Pros:- Good story.- Very detailed in all aspects.- Very good audio and visuals- Very well-done atmosphere.- The chatbot is good and what you say to it does indeed matter.- Really encourages the player to use his brains. There's all kinds of little details and clues scattered around, some are quite obvious, but others are incredibly subtle.Cons:- Some graphical bugs: the text is often hard to read. At the end of the game, it is impossible even. I played this on a Mac (Hackintosh) so this might be a problem only in this version of the game.- My PC is dead-silent usually, even when intensive gaming it is very quiet. But with this one, it sounds like an airplane. But the performance seems fine (GTX 1080) so it's no biggie."
,Recommended,470260,35021420,Posted: 17 September,all,forkburn,Love the retro sci-fi theme.
,Recommended,470260,34261968,Posted: 15 August,all,tearfromthered,"Event0 keeps its promises of bringing to life a realistic IA in a video game story driven experience.Sadly this cool and working mechanics is barely teased here, same with the plotline: when the story ends after 2h rushed experience.It feels like the first episode of a bigger story, please give us more !"
76561197977231083,Recommended,470260,34309953,Posted: 17 August,all,HAWK,"This is one of the games that get not the attention they derserve.Its not perfect but it does something no other games do.If you search for innovation in games, this game will deliver."
76561197998978137,Recommended,470260,34387648,Posted: 20 August,all,gandora,"This game was amazingly well put together, and engaging.The fact that you are in fact communicating with an AI while you simulate communicating with an AI makes it all the better. An interesting combination of MUD and linux type operations with a pretty cool story.On the down side the story is fairly short, I was able to complete the entire game in one sitting. I hope more content will be available in this format soon. 4 hours of gameplay is a little short."
,Recommended,470260,34382605,Posted: 20 August,all,Zael,"The chat bot is not actually that much more advanced, than what we already had in the first Fallout. (You could write freeform there as well.) Just has a much more expanded vocabulary.That being said, I liked the game, and it had a best ending ever (amongst several of it's endings).Remember to scan all of those writings! ;)"
76561198031201473,Recommended,470260,34364881,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,Do you like Typing? Do youy like being paralyzed by the choices you have to make?.....Excellent buy this game!
76561198051362289,Recommended,470260,34784696,Posted: 6 September,all,foaminator,"Decent, but FlawedThis is a decent game, but the core gameply relies on a natural language processing (NLP) interface which is not ready for prime time yet. There is also a common video stuttering issue, but there's very little ""real time sensitive"" parts, so it doesn't cripple game play. Key notes:It's very short; 3-4 hours at most. That's not bad, just be aware of what you are buying.You have to be ok with the limits of the NLP or you'll hate this game. There were some very basic things I asked, but since they were ""not scripted"", I couldn't get an answer.There is very noticeable stuttering every so often. My guess is it's garbage collection related since the in-memory image of the game ranged from 3G to 8G on my 16G machine.The ""tooltips"" that pop up on environmental objects is unnecssarily slow. There should be an Option to control how slow/fast tooltips appear.This is supposed to engender thoughts of what it is to be sentient. I didn't really get that from this game. Other games (e.g. The Talos Principle) do that much better. This is more of a detective's investigation.The soundtrack is particularly nice and suits the environment nicely.You cannot interact with anything other than the computer terminals. No jumping, no picking things up, nothing. After playing Prey, I believe immersion would be improved if I could interact with the environment.I am not a fan of having technology that is far beyond us being in use 40 years ago. If the devs advanced the timeline a century and billed the ship as a ""luxury liner of the past"", it would have all made sense.After 1-2 generations of NLP advances, a game like this will be very, very enjoyable. In the mean time, grab it on sale if you have any interest in these themes, otherwise you can skip it."
76561198032226067,Recommended,470260,34355592,Posted: 19 August,all,Regule,"Generally a good game once you get past boring unskipable intro.It suffers from few bad design choices that can make it ratheriritating at times. It's sad because otherwise it would be a really amazinggame.Just one tip, write notes because there are a lot things that you should rememberthat arent stored in game."
,Recommended,470260,29132084,Posted: 8 January,all,MSB,"Game is short, but delivers on a great atmosphere, puzzles aren't complicated, but if you're dense enough the AI will try to help you. All in all 8/10, my only gripe is that it isn't longer, but then again that's what I thought about the first Portal.I think there are multiple endings, but I got home, so I'm not too worried about the others.The price seems a little high, but it's worth it for a unique experience. I hope the developers take this and do more with the concept. Thanks for a great game!"
76561197967271190,Recommended,470260,34716494,Posted: 3 September,all,Lucky23,"Pros:Interesting Story (Has a 2001: A Space Odyssey feel to it)Native 21:9 Support (3440x1440)Acceptable Graphics QualityMultiple EndingsOverall, a really fun game for only ~$13Cons:Short StorySome objectives and puzzles are vagueNo x-fire supportInconsistent frame rates throughout gameplayI had to reduce the Graphics Quality to Medium/Low/Off  in order to maintain a more consistent 60fps (R9 290x 8GB). Need to work on optimization!"
76561198177552378,Recommended,470260,26408826,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,CreepyTea,"Absolutely beautiful. I have played this game at least 7 times so far all the way through and it was amazing. The AI is not that smart but it is extrordinary it is pretty expensive but the quality of the graphics make up for the price. I want a kaizen-85 terminal in my house and my home to have everything the Nautilus has. The Nautilus may be a connection to the submarine thing in 20,000 leagues under the sea.... idk. YES I reccomend this game do what kaizen says not what anele johnson says (you will get a better ending)"
,Not Recommended,470260,30033326,Posted: 19 February,all,toby Troy Deeney is my hero,too expensive
,Recommended,470260,35509418,Posted: 5 October,all,Digit,"Pros:- Good atmosphere.- Unique concept.- Great sound design.- Space!Cons:- Very short (3 hours of gameplay for $20).- Kaizen can sometimes go ""Cleverbot"" on you and make no sense whatsoever.A good game if you don't mind spending $20 for a fairly short experience. If you're not sure if you want this, wait for a sale and then pick it up."
