user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,472870,32594993,Posted: 20 June,all,Faudraline,"The Snake in the well was happy, for it did not care what was outside the well.The Snake in the well was happy, for it had naught to do with what happened outside the well.And you were happy too, for you did not know what happened outside the well. - Frederica BernkastelJust... whoa... Every time, I swear that this won't either surprise or annoy me, it ends up being a new creep-bomb... Ehm, sorry. This is the third game inHigurashi When They Cry series: Ch.3 Tatarigoroshi.Invoking what I gathered from the publishing information in Manga Gamers forums priorly, the original series consist of 8 chapters, which will probably keep inventing new and refreshing ways to both consternate and creep us out continuously, both with the imaginatively disturbing and the eerily mysterious that serves as the main body of these Hinamizawa stories.For every story so far - no different inTatarigoroshi- we take the role of Keiichi Maebara, a high school student who has just moved into the silent mountain town of Hinamizawa. Identical to previous plot paces, he befriends some lovely yet quirky ladies from his class, and comes to care for them deeply. Here in this specific scenario, the one he seemed to make a connection with the most, is no other than Hojo Satoko: the mischievous, the unruly and the childish one of the bunch. As a pacing tradition to Higurashi games, we observe the first half of the game to be a lovable background story, which is a narrative build of friendship, mixing up with some drama. We already know that things won't be the same after the night of annual Watanagashi festival at this point, right? Well, in this specific arc, things won't wait 'till Watanagashi to get creepy. Warm and careless days of innocence comes to a halt with the appearance of a long gone relative of Satoko, and from the appearance of the said individual, things will become maddeningly violent, illogical, gruesome and even catastrophic at the end. So, brace yourselves 'cause I think this was the most unpredictable game in the series so far.Each chapter's name presents a unique clue for the events to be revealed within the arc, so Tatarigoroshi means ""the Curse Killing"": implying a backbone for the mystery of the series, which is still to be revealed. Also, it could be useful to note that this was the longest chapter in the series so far, which heavily played on a tone of tragedy. Thus, it has taken for some time for me to complete. I remember feeling overwhelmed and quitting the game frequently, which is actually a compliment on the narrative ability of the game. In previous games, you have endured paranoia - Onikakushi - and crippling terror - Watanagashi through Keiichi's perception, but in this game, we will endure desperation nonetheless, and what could it drive a singular person to go through. One could endure terror/horror/paranoia in fiction maybe, but the complete inability to overcome anything has always been the soft belly for me, especially when that inability is carefully explained with realistic condition. It just... drives one crazy enough. On that manner, it has been the hardest game to go through in the series, at least for me. Believe it or not, I've been trying to complete this one since the end of April and only today I managed to do so - which is the end of June. Nope, this doesn't mean it is a bad game; it means that it presents the core emotion of the protagonist really, really well so it becomes unbearable for the reader.I have already shared the most common facts concerning the artwork, the pacing, the gameplay etc. in my previous reviews for Ch.1 and Ch.2: I have nothing more to add concerning those areas. I may only note that with each new game the developer seems to gain more experience in the utilization of sound effects. This time, I actually had some jumps and chills induced without even reading the rest of the text. The moment the sound changes, you know that something ominous is at hand. The best in the genre I've seen so far.Higurashihas been an exceedingly well woven, emotionally tiresome mystery as it was intended to be so, so far. I believe all these games hold some variations of the same time period for our protagonists, making them relive the same couple of months from the summer of 89 in different probabilities. What makes it so, and on what purpose; I sincerely cannot fathom but it always ends with gruesome murders and breaking psyches addled with mystery. The duality between the supernatural and the rational is ever present, neither one side capable of presenting any explanation so far. Only in playing furthermore we will discover. I wish you determination to see it 'till the very end. I know that I'll need it.Please also check out Lady Storyteller's Curator pagehere- follow for regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,472870,23626071,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,大将*,"If you liked the first two, then you will enjoy this.Solid kintetic novel that builds on the mystery and characters present in the first two. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,472870,23626408,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Emo_Girl_2006_xXx,"If you've already read the first two, buying this one is a no brainer.I'm sure you already know what you're getting yourself into, right? This time, it's with Satoko!"
,Recommended,472870,23829404,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Junpei,"Higurashi, with this release, has possibly become my favorite series of all time. Every release adds something, has a different flavor, and never gets boring. This one leaves even less room for setup than before, knowing that, because you played the other two chapters, it doesn't need to waste its time with introductions. By chapter 3, the plot is already in motion, and things are starting to get incredbily sad...and creepy.Let me warn you: This episode is depressing. If you can't take representations of child abuse well, then I would suggest you stay away from this. It isn't the most detailed description/situation out there, but it's enough that it gets the point across and is extremely depressing (and disturbing). So, with that out of the way, let's get into the basic plot of this chapter!By now, we've seen two sides of the story with Rena and Mion, and now we're getting a third with Satoko. This chapter focuses on Satoko almost exclusively in the early chapters, with a lot of important characters in other chapters barely even getting a mention (Shion basically shows up for one section out of the entire experience). When Keiichi enters a club activity based on cooking (after building himself up to be a master chef, no less), he begins to learn more about Satoko, and her bond with the missing Satoshi that has been mentioned in each chapter so far. Keiichi and Satoko develop a brother-sister relationship, and days are going great until her uncle comes back from a neighboring town. I don't want to say much more than that (though with the paragraph above, I'm sure you have an idea) as not to spoil any surprises.The only small issue I have with this chapter is that it's extremely coincidental. Sure, there have been coincidences thus far, but in this chapter it goes a little overboard with it. Suddenly, Keiichi and Satoko grow close, and characters reference how Satoko's tragedy with Satoshi means that they all must work hard to keep her smiling...all of this right before something bad happens. They build the ties specifically because of the events that follow afterwards as sort of a red flag that waves and sort of says ""HEY, BAD THINGS ARE GOING TO HAPPEN TO SATOKO, SO WE'RE MAKING EVERYONE TALK ABOUT HER"". It's nothing serious, it's just a bit weird that all of a sudden everyone is hung up on her when♥♥♥♥♥♥is about to go down.Other than that, this chapter is FULL of twists. I have already thought up many solutions to the questions thus far, and some of the events that happen in this chapter threw me back to the drawing board. The ending in particular was a shock. I never even anticipated anything like it happening in this series, and suddenly, it shifted tones (much like the characters themselves).After the impactful, disturbing, and extremely suspenseful ending, I am Higurashi crazy again. I bought the two manga volumes of this chapter. I'm looking up the TV drama. When Watanagashi was over, I bought Higurashi Daybreak on PSP and the DS Collectors Edition of one of the releases (in Japanese, but I wanted anything Higurashi on my shelf, even if I couldn't read it). I am almost unbelievably in love with this series at this point, even as I think I'm sarting to piece together the conclusion before it happens (there's still 5 main chapters left).So, should you buy Tatarigoroshi? HELL YES!If you haven't read the rest of the series, pick up Onikakushi and Watanagashi first, and get ready for a thrillride. This series doesn't disappoint on any front (characters, story, humor, creepy factor, music, art). Just please, PLEASE, read the visual novels first before you go into the other mediums. I'm reading them as they release, and after watching the anime episodes and reading the manga chapters of the three released arcs on Steam, I can say that 1/3 to 1/2 of the content is cut. Sure, all of the really important plot elements are there, but the build-up and payoff of each chapter is severly neutered. There's nowhere near the same impact. I do suggest reading them after finishing the VN chapters, but only then.Anyways, this review has gone on wayyy long.One last note! Mangagamer, PLEASE release the other chapters as soon as you possibly can...please? You've supplied me a drug, and the longer I have to wait for the next chapter, the worse my Higurashi withdrawal symptoms will get."
,Recommended,472870,23663034,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,🌺,http://i.imgur.com/kCGBwSG.jpg
,Recommended,472870,23654740,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ＰＲＩＮＣＥＳＳ ＡＵＴＩＳＴＩＣ ＬＯＬＩ,I love Rena Ryuuguu.
,Recommended,472870,23626340,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Magusverborum,"If you liked the previous two chapters then you'll probably also like this one. Should mention this one goes into some themes of child abuse, so if you're sensitive to that sort of thing be aware."
,Recommended,472870,23910607,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"Great chapter. The music was really good for setting the eerie atmosphere that surrounds this story! I really want to read the Answer Arc now. Tatarigoroshi presents even more mysteries about the weird things that happen in Hinamizawa, and it will surely keep you entertained if you enjoyed the previous chapters.10/10."
,Recommended,472870,23660421,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Satyagrahi Zetto,"After playing this, I could definitely see why many tout this as one of the best installments of the Higurashi no Naku Koro Ni series.The series is known for pulling the rug under your feet with mood changes from cutesy to the horrific, often bordering on whiplash between the two, but this one in particular makes a bleak and hopeless portrayal of domestic abuse the main setpiece for the story, the point upon which everything unfurls this time in Hinamizawa. Ryukishi is said to have been a social worker for a time before writing Visual Novels, and in this episode you can really get a glimpse of the squalor he must have seen from his time there. The feeling of powerlessness against an injustice that thrives off bureaucracies' dogmatic adherence to regulations, the futility of going against those regulations with good intentions leading to the worst of outcomes, How people break under abuse, abandonment and betrayal. It's a very different tone from the previous works that is really heavy.Between the bleakness however there are also some really emotionally stirring scenes, especially the bonding scenes between Keiichi and Satoko. The development of Keiichi and Satoko's relationship from something like friendly rivals to a love shared between siblings, paralleling her relationship with her actual brother who is missing is done really well and... The night time walking and conversations about nothing in particular, just enjoying the small periods of life where the good times knowing they won't last forever between the gang... Beautiful moments as dark rumbling machinations lurk just on the brink... You experience all the joys and terrors with them... Ryukishi finds a way to charge into your heartstrings and pulls at them, and really shows us how good he is at writing a story.There are a few little hiccups here and there in the presentation. Music isn't as varied as it could be, though each track used is used to good effect, maybe a typo here and there (I believe I recall a her pronoun used when they were referring to a male character), and there's something about a sprite being removed, which honestly doesn't affect the overall work that much. One could say its addition served an important purpose as a characters view of another changes right at that moment, and it drives the point home, but you can still get the sentiment even with it gone I think.All these aside, it's a really great entry into a great series. Highly recommended for all who enjoyed previous entries, and if you are somehow reading this without reading the previous episodes, you really ought to go and read them. They're all good."
76561197984322112,Recommended,472870,32897527,Posted: 27 June,all,[TLGS] Mario-x,If you have not read any VNs this is a good place to start. Much better then the anime. (start with chapter 1)
76561198080355090,Recommended,472870,23700792,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,MFMegaZeroX,"This is the best chapter yet. More mysteries have popped up, I have no idea what is happening anymore, and I love it."
76561198268853545,Recommended,472870,30994389,Posted: 7 April,all,EBbrain,"I think that was one of the most traumatizing experiences of my life. It left me depressed, frustrated, haunted and confused.  Although I think the saddest thing was the realization that one day in the distant future, I will have finished this amazing series. I don't know what I'll do with my life after that."
,Recommended,472870,23682067,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,xvyx,"I consider this one to be the best of the question arcs. It truly made me FEEL and exactly understand the emotions that were flowing through Keiichi. Even though what he was doing was just wrong, it made me wonder what I would do in a similarly hopeless situation. In my opinion it is an even more vivid experience than Onikakushi and Watanagashi (as crazy as it might sound if you have read them but not this one yet). Just be warned that it will probably take a lot longer than 1500 seconds before the remaining chapters are re-released..."
,Recommended,472870,23809224,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,ᅚ,don't talk to me or my Satoko ever again
,Recommended,472870,24222305,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,h0tsp4ce,"Chapter 3: Tatarigoroshi is best played only after playing the previous two chapters in order. This kinetic visual novel does not disappoint in regards to leaving the player in a state of confusion and general ill-feeling throughout. Unlike the previous two chapters, the eerie mystery becomes apparent very early in the game.Many reviewers are claiming this to be their favorite out of the three on Steam so far. Personally, I enjoyed Watanagashi the most as Tatarigoroshi leaves decidedly more questions unanswered. I can understand how this would make it even more interesting for some players.Per usual, you are Keiichi Maebara, and have recently moved to the mountain village of Hinamizawa. You quickly become friends with the girls in your class. This chapter focuses on Satoko Houjou, the young prankster of the group.While the two previous chapters made some kind of sense to me, this third chapter hit me right between the eyes and at the end left me completely bewildered. Additional characters were introduced, previous characters were fleshed out, and some previous characters were barely covered at all (which is understandable given the attention paid to Houjou).I would highly recommend purchasing and playing this game if you enjoyed the previous two Higurashi titles! A 10/10 for this 07th expansion release and wishes that the next chapter will be released before too long."
,Recommended,472870,23665973,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,๖Fluffy,"Id like to say this first, whatever you read in this game is your own responsibility, but i tell you, if you're a casual relaxed reader this might be your most tense experience ever.The Higurashi series just gets better and better from every chapter."
,Recommended,472870,24485207,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Donald Pump,"When I watched the anime, this was the chapter that made me realise this isn't just a horror, it's a tragic masterpiece. The novel is even better at conveying the emotions."
,Recommended,472870,24230038,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,strayseer,"I have SO MUCH TO SAY ABOUT THIS GAME, so tl;dr: Tatarigoroshi is the most realistically written game so far. Emotional journey throughchild abuseand feelings of powerlessness with a pinch of psychological horror. It is amazing. Buy it.--Although Higurashi is supposed to be a series of scenarios involving the exact same setting and characters, all three games up until this point have been different. Not only are events different, but so is our protagonist, Keiichi.Both in Onikakushi and Watanagashi, Keiichi was still treated as a newcomer who was just barely integrating. He was oblivious to all history, legends and traditions of Hinamizawa, and people seemed to hide it all from him. He was more like an overwhelmed (Ch1) or a worried, kind-hearted (Ch2) victim. Tatarigoroshi, however, is the first time we see Keiichi act as a true villager who accepts Oyashiro-sama's legend fairly quickly and decides to take matters into his own hands (unlike Ch1, where he only acted in self-defense). It was refreshing to see him as an active agent for once.The writing when describing his machinations and apprehension as he carries out his plans pulls you in. You feel for him and root for him. You feel your heart beating faster and catch yourself swearing at him when he does something he shouldn't have. As the reader, you see possibilities that the party actually involved --a distressed, emotional, impulsive teenage boy-- isn't even able to. He is so desperate to do something, so eager to save Satoko in any way, that he often gets carried away and is unable to think reasonably (as much as he likes to point out otherwise). He is always fighting and crying for help at the same time, whenever he runs his mouth and says something he shouldn't have. Even as he carries out an unthinkable act, his emotions are understandable and written in an incredible way.And then, of course, we have Satoko. She was my least favourite character out of the main bunch so far, but Tatarigoroshi made me like her. The depiction of her relationship withher abusive uncleand her emotional scars was very realistic, and so were Keiichi's feelings of helplessness upon realising he could do nothing for his friend, who was being broken little by little and didn't seem to care. Tatarigoroshi was also the first game to tackle real-world problems in Hinamizawa (how does Rika live by herself? etc). The worst --or rather, best, from a writing standpoint-- of all is that these things happen in real life, everywhere in the world: abusive families, the inability to help a friend as they crumble down, the inefficiency of law enforcement and how it --howwe-- often fail to reach out and save others. It really makes you think.The only cons I can think of are the annoying silly beginning (as always...) and some issues with the translation. I caught a few typos and inconsistencies (e.g. how they shifted from ""Dr. Irie"" to ""Irie-sensei"" all of a sudden). I assume this may have been an issue with rushed proofreading. It is nothing that should deter you from playing it though, just a pointer for the localisation team.Even so, Tatarigoroshi is my absolute favourite instalment of the Higurashi series so far. Writing is stellar, both on Satoko's heartbreaking situation, Keiichi's emotional whirlwind, and the mysterious Hinamizawa creepiness that we have already gotten used to. If you liked the previous chapters, you will certainly like this as well. If you didn't, I heavily encourage you to give it a second chance by playing this."
76561198085744382,Recommended,472870,31564815,Posted: 5 May,all,SNValadez,"So being a veteran to this series, I have determined that you cannot-- I repeat, CANNOT-- read these game chapters one after the other. If you do, you will be frustrated and possibly bored because what most people expect after one chapter is a second chapter that happens directly after the first.This is not the case with the Higurashi series. Each chapter presented is almost like an alternate universe with the same characters and settings but different plots and an extra character or two added. They cannot be read smoothly one after the other which is why I've learned to space my playtime between them carefully.You just need to put enough distance so your memories of the other chapters aren't very fresh, and then you can really appreciate what's going on.So, let's get the bad things out of the way, shall we?THE MUSIC!Okay, well, it was really only two of the new musical entries added to this chapter that set me off, and that was for the simple reason of them being inappropriate. Want to know what I mean? The first new arrangement we're given is random jungle party music (I'm not joking, you hear those rainsticks or whatever piping in the background and you think you're reading Tarzan), and luckily it's only in the very beginning-- where something horrible happens.Why do I want to listen to Jungle Boogie when something serious is going on? You're killing the mood.The second musical arrangement, that was not greatly appreciated, is a piano piece that is also, surprisingly, only heard in the beginning (except when it comes back in the very beginning of chapter eleven). It's too bright and happy, and also plays during an inappropriate time when some really devastating topics are being discussed. And although I didn't mention this in my last review, the music added to the second chapter, Wataganashi, was great, and I think my favorite music by far. It's just these two entries that...my God, are so inappropriate.But the rest of the soundtrack is good to excellent so don't worry about it too much once you're past the beginning.Now here's a list of all the GREAT things about Tatarigoroshi:1. A major story-telling improvement from the second chapter, Watanagashi (it doesn't waste time to set things up and get moving, although the writers did try to hammer in a theme about 'big brotherhood' or whatever early on and I have to say, it's a little too on the nose).2. A whole lot funnier than I anticipated! I don't remember laughing too much in the Watanagashi chapter (and I mean laughing in the places where you're supposed to laugh, not giggling and dancing to Simba's frat music in the midst of a homicide).3. The baseball game is absolutely beautiful (""They...had a really fun talk about how delicious dessert is, probably!"" Oh, Rena, you have no idea).4. Finally get to see Chie-sensei, and I have to say, she is more attractive than I could have ever imagined with the personality that was set up for her in the Watanagashi chapter.5. Rena's pervertedness and split personality make a return and I love it.6. Chapter six is a♥♥♥♥♥♥show...and so is seven, eight, and the list goes on (chapter six also graces us with an astounding new piano piece that I thought really captured the heart of Tatarigoroshi...unlike that one in the beginning).7. Oh my God. Ooishi-san. He's delicious and mysterious as always...get it? No? Okay... (And I know this is an audio-visual novel but this one very specific sound during the first Ooishi encounter is-- oh my God I'm still cringing).8. I know this chapter focuses on Satoko and I'm supposed to feel bad for her because that's pretty much all we've done for whoever's chapter we're reading, but...in freaking chapter eight, my sympathy for her dropped. Not all the way to zero but...is it bad if I say, ""Just Desserts?"" (And yes, I know it's supposed to be 'deserts' but that looks weird to me and I've been spelling it wrong like everybody else so just gimme some cake, mm'kay?).I could honestly go on about this chapter but I think this list is more than enough to convince you (to read it, I mean). I love how the writers went back to their roots in Onikakushi (the first chapter) and really pulled from what made that one so great. Tatarigoroshi is definitely not as amazing as Onikakushi, but the series seems to be getting back up there slowly.I look forward to Himatsubushi...and I hope the soundtrack is carefully composed."
76561198016748899,Recommended,472870,23655825,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Dr. William Dyer,While this chapter is somewhat of a stylistic departure from the first two chapters it still captures the essence of what you loved (or didn't) about the first two.
,Recommended,472870,25512045,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,The Coffee Lord,"Easily the best episode of the three currently on steam. Absolutely amazing, my stomach was in knots nearly the entire time I read through it. Chilling and engrossing! Can't wait for episode 4."
,Recommended,472870,23875876,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,nlolicon,"Tatarigoroshi is my personal favorite of all 8 Higurashi chapters, and especially the best of the 3 out on Steam right now (don't skip out on the first two, of course), so it's a definite recommendation on my part.Pros:a great storylinewonderful character developmentcan become very tense and engaginggood mystery aspects, as alwaysfairly nice translationaccess to updated and original spritesone of the best endings to a Higurashi chapterwill make you want tokill her Uncle yourselflots of satokoCons:some wonky sprites that leave character's eye or mouth placement a bit off. Examples include Mion, Coach, and Rika at timesa few typos/grammatical errors - I noticed 3 in my first run throughOnce again, a whole hearted recommendation from me; the most enjoyable chapter, in my opinion. And, you can never get enough Satoko."
76561198271445434,Recommended,472870,27599282,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aya,"I know this has been said a million times already, but if you've already played and enjoyed the first two games you will most likely enjoy this one. Feel free to just stop reading reviews and go into this blind; you know what to expect.This game in particular focuses less on the crazy conspiracies of Hinamizawa and more on the personal situations of Keiichi and Satoko. That isn't to say there aren't some mind-bending twists and reveals in here as well. Questions will be raised and questions will be answered. To say anymore would be a disservice to your own experience.Enjoy your time in Hinamizawa."
,Recommended,472870,25892160,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Yureina,"Probably the best of the four Higurashi ""Question Arcs"", Tatarigoroshi is also probably the toughest to get through for me personally due to its subject matter. It's deeply unpleasant even compared to what happened in Onikakushi and Watanagashi. Still, the fact that it makes me so uncomfortable is, in an odd way, a testament to how good it is. As usual, silly funtimes give way to horrible stuff, but the transition happens quicker this time around than it did in the previous two storylines. When things do get serious here... it's a mix of both the aforementioned unpleasantness and the insanity one has come to expect from this series - as well as one of the few murders against someone who actually deserves it. Yey.Obviously you should play the first two arcs before getting into this one, but you should do that anyway because this series is awesome. As for what comes next... Himatsubushi is shorter and packs less of a punch than this, but still is important towards figuring out what is really going on. After that, we finally start getting real tangible answers. I can't wait. :DHow long have I been digging this hole? How many holes have I dug? If I stop, will I hear the footsteps again?"
76561198007783201,Recommended,472870,24383467,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Tulangel,"Best arc in the series so far. It doesn't spend too much time farting around with exposition and whatnot(something that bothered me about the last arc. It dragged on far too much before getting into the meat of the story), and gets intense pretty fast. It isn't as ""scary"" as the previous parts in the series(although it does have its moments), but it touches on a lot of more real subjects that tap more into real fear rather than the usual mind-♥♥♥♥ery that I've come to expect from the When They Cry VNs. I've shed quite a few tears during some of the scenes, and there were also a couple times where it straight up got to the point where I had to quit reading for a little while before continuing. Especially since the writing in this one gets so good that it's easy to actuallyfeellike Keiichi."
,Recommended,472870,31796184,Posted: 16 May,all,Soft  小梅,"As a Satoko fan, I hate this.Definitely worth a read."
,Recommended,472870,29168968,Posted: 10 January,all,Snail,It's great
,Recommended,472870,24365778,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Whitehalo127,Great visual novelSome dialogue errorsPlaytime: Around 17-20 hours
,Recommended,472870,29427981,Posted: 22 January,all,Acinonyxx,"What the hell... is going on anymore?At first I was surprised how well the situation with Satoko was shown, that you are pretty much hopeless when this kind of thing happens to your friend. All you can do is be here for them and mentally support them. But at the end that problem seemed not that crucial, which is remarkable, because it was what was tying the very part of Higurashi together.So, yeah, the second part of the game was beyond weird which is not a bad thing btw."
,Recommended,472870,25332479,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,bury nice,part 4 ples?
76561198012023582,Recommended,472870,25875739,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,lewrker,"One of my favourite parts, maybe even better  than ch1."
,Recommended,472870,24144599,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Deimos,"Third chapter of the thriller/psychological horror sound novel series. Another tense, tragic alternate story where the pieces still don't quite come together."
76561198009340701,Recommended,472870,24169332,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Breezegryphon,"Great and suggestive story, excellent character design.10/10 would buy a hardcopy of it, if they will make it."
,Recommended,472870,29392261,Posted: 20 January,all,PrincessCarwash洗車姫,"Q_Q Are you watching, Nii-nii? Satoko has become this much stronger! Q_Q"
,Recommended,472870,32741406,Posted: 24 June,all,JT_Rhodes,"YOU HAVE TO HAVE THIS CHAPTERUnique in every way when compared to previous chapters:- New soundtracks (Very good!!)- Calm, sweet, endearing beginning- BACKGROUND STORIES REVEALED (Keiichi and Satoko reveal their pasts in-depth)- Unprecedented insanity and gut-churning confusion presented to the readerYou begin to understand Hinamizawa and Keiichi's friends' feelings of insanity.If you plan on reading this chapter, then plan on having lots to think about. There are no exciting club activities placing Mion and Keiichi head-to-head which bloom into an interesting love affair. Rena is not a main focus either. Instead the excitement comes from all the new information that the reader learns from this chapter. Keiichi and Satoko prevailing and then wondering what's going to happen to them as insanity pokes it's ugly head is very interesting.A very soft beginning portion to this chapter is contrast with just how juicy the second half becomes. At first, you will feel like the chapter is watered down because the writing isn't a lot of clever games and underlying thirst for blood after breaking a rule of Hinamizawa. There is not the same tugging at Keiichi's feelings towards his friends while being afraid of them. But you will be soaked in trepidation as the chapter passes along-- a lot of information from previous chapters will be given light and new information about Keiichi and Satoko will strengthen your bond to them. Eventually Hinamizawa will contort into something you're hoping to understand while it holds your hand, marching indefinitely into darkness. The writing continues as long as you hope for, and is the longest chapter so far (for good reasons.)It couldn't have been done any better."
,Recommended,472870,32744370,Posted: 24 June,all,Friends? Pffffffft.,These games are going to kill me
,Recommended,472870,26095203,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Enter_77,"This review: contains no spoilersProsSoundtrack--- The best one up to this point. Several incredible new tracks are introduced at major moments in the story.Pacing--- The decrease in establishment duration is greater than the jump from Ch. 1 to Ch. 2. Understanding the characters and setting heavily depends on the reader recalling the events of the previous chapters, more than what was required for Ch. 2's buildup. Virtually no time is spent retreading old ground as the twists come sooner than expected and the few supplementary Tips provided are highly redacted reports. Remembering even the most minor details across all three chapters will be necessary to keep up with character placement and their possible motivations.NeutralStory--- Whereas Ch. 1 and Ch. 2 had relatively self-contained stories, this chapter's value is highly interpretive without having read any of the subsequent scenarios. Either it is the most underwhelming in realizing its full potential after so much foreshadowing, or it contains one of the most diabolical plots ever constructed that will make the other chapters pale in comparison when all is said and done.ConclusionThe horror element for Ch. 3 has a far lesser presence compared to previous chapters. The main character, and the reader, are made to experience extreme situations only after they occurred off-screen. It is the emotional aftermath of these events that contribute to most of the tension.In the rare occurrence that the main character is forced into a dire circumstance, it is he who seemingly has the sole advantage, unlike Ch. 1 where he found himself alone against an unknown force and Ch. 2 where he leaned upon his friends for assistance. This sudden sense of power comes with its own downsides as the main character's impulsive behavior leads him to lose a grip on reality, briefly returning the series to Ch. 1's atmosphere of paranoia combined with a mysterious, unresolved character element that was introduced in Ch. 2.In summary, is this chapter good? Having not read the rest of the series as of this review to know for sure, it's hard to say. All throughout, the explicitly odd behavior and comments of certain characters all fly past the main character without eliciting any further investigation as they would have in previous chapters. It may be intentional, as he becomes increasingly irrational over the course of the story by allowing his emotions to overtake his ability to reevaluate if everything is as he believes it to be. However, the readers' possible suspicions of something more emotionally manipulative taking place are never entertained.The quality of this chapter hinges on the importance of a certain discussion about the concept of ""the perfect crime."" Does the main character possess an unnatural influence to affect Higurashi's story, or is he a pawn following in someone else's footsteps? With an explosive ending that can be interpreted both ways, Ch. 3 is a scenario that can be made retroactively brilliant depending on where the story goes next.Novel length is roughly10 hoursdepending on reading speed. It's recommended tobuy Higurashi Ch. 3after and only if you enjoyed the previous chapters and are ready to follow up with future entries to appreciate this one's story."
,Recommended,472870,34440705,Posted: 23 August,all,Sakagami,"Definitely the best of the Questions Arc.P.S. As always, PS3 patch is strongly recommended."
,Recommended,472870,24430342,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Xperimance,"One of the most well written and tragic visual novels I have ever read. Higurashi does it again with Tatarigoroshi and it's easy to see why most people say that this is the best chapter in the series. Whereas Onikakushi and Watanagashi relied on horror tropes, Tatarigoroshi takes a sensitive and real-life topic and handles it with such care and detail. From the beginning already the plot moves forward; setting up for one emotional roller coaster. As the story progresses you cannot help but feel for Keiichi and the internal struggles that he has to overcome in order to protect his friend. Sure, his actions later in the story are impulsive, but I am sure that if we were in the same position he was in, we would probably feel those same impulses as well. If you enjoyed the previous two chapters, this is a no brainer."
76561198048268849,Recommended,472870,24482080,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,makersley,"Play episode 1 first.  If you like it, go get episodes 2 and 3 immediately.  They're getting steadily more insane as the series goes on; at the moment I still like episode 1 most, its pacing is easily the best.  But if you enjoyed the other two you'll be happily dancing along to the music again and off for another rollercoaster ride.  The extended sequence when Maebara-san finally discovers his backbone is as compelling as any other sequence they've done."
,Recommended,472870,25746571,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,The Crying Retard,The Absolute Madman: The Game
,Recommended,472870,24085952,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,DV8,"once again another great read, did a great job with the sprites once again. i really cant wait for chapter 4, at least we get a new game from the same series on friday. i recommend anyone to start this series as they are cheap and good"
,Recommended,472870,23658478,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Garambit,"Higurashi is one of my favourite franchises of all time and I still believe that Tatarigoroshi has the most amazing ending of all time. Granted I haven't played this updated version, but the original one had chills going down my spine for minutes after I had already closed the game.Unfortunately the updated novels on Steam don't have the same soundtrack as the originals, and I believe that they are not as good as they used to be. Seeing as Higurashi is a Sound Novel, I wish that they kept the original music.I cannot complain however, as the new versions keep all the shenanigans, jokes and haunting chills that make Higurashi what it is.If you love amazing characters living out their lives and doing their best to put everything right, and if you love the sensation of chills up your spine, you need to get this."
,Recommended,472870,32794980,Posted: 25 June,all,NateRFB,Good game.
76561198048679925,Recommended,472870,26248958,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,cuco,10/10
,Recommended,472870,25242637,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Replica,"Great game and my favorite yet, now every time I stop walking and listen to be sure I don't hear extra footsteps behind me"
,Recommended,472870,26161395,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Reimu☆rena~,"In this arc, everything has gone completely insane. Confusion and Insanity starts to take over and suddenly nothing makes sense anymore.Graphics: 8/10Character design has been pretty much the same from the past two novels, but at least this time they added two new character portraits and a couple of new locations.Storyline: 10/10Following the pattern from the first two novels, it starts off slow again and gradually picks up as the story progresses further. In this arc, it’s all about Satoko and her family. Around chapter 8 is where the real story starts and a lot, and I mean a lot of confusion will take over you. Although, this is somewhat cleared up towards the last chapter. In my opinion, this is far by the best arc in the Higurashi When They Cry series.Sound: 7/10There are some similarities with the soundtrack from the first two novels, but they did add a few new ones which seemed ‘off’. It almost felt like the new added soundtrack didn’t match some of the scenes.Gameplay: 9/10And this is a first…the game didn’t crash even ONCE! Unlike with the first two novels. However, I spotted more spelling and grammar errors in this novel. Although, in terms of actual ‘gameplay’ – it’s exactly the same as from the previous novels.Price: 10/10£5.59 is a steal, it’s a great offer for this novel, especially for the amount of content it has. And saying that this is the best novel in the series (so far), it is worth picking up more than the others."
76561198008974212,Recommended,472870,24288514,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,lego62,Buy it!Ku-ku-ku-ku!
,Recommended,472870,29261783,Posted: 14 January,all,Ａｃｉｄ Ｅｆｆｌｕｘ,The Higurashi aren't the only things that are crying right now... ( ;_;)7*sob*
,Recommended,472870,28605787,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gucci Gundam,I hear things at night
76561198281294866,Recommended,472870,28976468,Posted: 3 January,all,☣ƻƴŁăɴȜ☣,"The game thumbnail thing tells you already that the third chapter is somehow about satoko (man I love her TwT).It's as thrilling and unsettling as always.The story begins cute and warm and fluffy but then it hits u in ur damn face and u get to read disturbing stuff, which u'll never forget.In my opinion ch.3 was the best one, bc the events were the most stirring ones in comparison to ch.1 and 2.Plus, the details where a bit more balanced - less details on their everyday life, but more details on these strange ''incidents''.Especially Keichi, who was sometimes unlikeable for me in ch.1/2, got my liking in this chapter. I just liked every single step he made bc he didn't do anything dumb or disagreable.In fact it's higurashi we're talking about - so why are u still waiting?"
,Recommended,472870,29103606,Posted: 7 January,all,Polvo,"I'm already familiar with the story and it's great, but I have a problem with this one I didn't have on the last two. I've been playing for I believe less than an hour and I've already seen two typos. It's like no one proofread it."
76561198144928999,Recommended,472870,29099520,Posted: 7 January,all,emanuelhag0,WHAT. THE ACTUAL. ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,472870,29323021,Posted: 17 January,all,ADell,"The 3rd Chapter has arrived and has come with more doubts to answer than ever, the plot moves around and anytime you think something is already given and shaped in stone, it isn't. Maybe the best chapter in the Question Arc by far.You know the characters, you know what they are up to, but is it possible to change the misfortune fate of everyone?That is all up to you to find out."
,Recommended,472870,29808616,Posted: 9 February,all,Scooll5,"My favorite arc so far, chapter 3 adds depth to a character that up till now came of as a bit one note to me.If you have enjoyed the past two you will like this one as well.My only complaint is the lack of answer arcs at the moment."
76561198041993574,Recommended,472870,30222759,Posted: 27 February,all,MrMarki134,"Still marvelous. In the anime this arc was a little bit worse than the rest and made you hate Satoko. After this game, it really is another thing. This was a really, really, really nice arc.One thing that I must say is that the OST is terrible!! Some of the new ""thrilling"" songs are just horrible! They seriously break  the mood. I hope it changes in Himatsubushi or Meakashi.Anyway, if you read the other two, this is a must. No excuses. Don't assume it's a bad arc just because you hated Satoko in the anime. It's another wonderful chapter of these games."
76561198197896761,Recommended,472870,31312025,Posted: 22 April,all,trueangelcool,This time in the Higurashi series we will be dealing with Satako this time around. I really enjoyed Tatarigoroshi chapter. I did read the Manga and watched the Anime but it's been a while so some things I forgot here and there. Playing this was a good refresher as again it's been a while since I've read the Manga/watched the Anime.Important to note as others have said this chapter includes child abuse. If u are someone that doesn't like that than u might not want to play Tatarigoroshi.Other than that this chapter was really good and has raised even many more question's as to what happened in Hinamizawa. The mystery just keeps getting deeper and deeper!!!!
,Recommended,472870,31945040,Posted: 24 May,all,Bean-Chugging Hypocrite,"I really got to give this chapter a lot of credit as it got me invested in a character I previously didn't like at all. That's partially why I'd say this is my favorite in the series so far.  There is a lot this chapter does right that I want to ramble on about in addition to that.First of all the writing in this chapter was some of the strongest. The emotions of the characters were expressed perfectly. The desperation of the protagonist and the reactions of his friends to what was happening seemed disturbingly genuine. Also the imagery and description of events were clear and vivid. These various scenes were further enhanced by the change in music or ambient noise. Although mostly the latter plays in the background there were a few tracks that really stood out and made their apperance that much more interesting.The story was by far the most intriging of the franchise so far. In the previous chapters the first half is usually light-hearted or relaxed. While the begining was like that in this one and provided new character development, it also got to a lot of dark themes before the major shift in tone. It's worth noting that this installment is the most emotionally difficult one so far as the themes it covers are serious issues and therefore would not be for the faint-hearted. After I thought things would maybe change for the better for the cast the story ramps up even further to the point where I was question what was going on.Overall if you read the previous chapters I would say to definitely get this one once you get the chance to. I was taken by surprise numerous times throughout this and enjoyed it all the way through."
,Recommended,472870,32143683,Posted: 2 June,all,CB007,"Time for round three. There's not that much  left to say at this point, if you've already read the first two then you're in it for the long haul by now. Whether you've seen the anime or this is your first time seeing these events, Tatarigoroshi is amazing. As always, the way the writing and audio comes together and transports you into the world of mystery and horror is like nothing else. The story continues to build..."
,Recommended,472870,32359872,Posted: 12 June,all,Athideus,"3rd installment of the legendary Higurashi series, make sure you install the voice pack!"
,Recommended,472870,33017980,Posted: 29 June,all,Gogopri,Social service red tape is terrifying and depressing.
76561198161936754,Recommended,472870,33340297,Posted: 7 July,all,ULTIMATO TRASHU,Protect Satoko
76561198143517109,Recommended,472870,33748174,Posted: 23 July,all,Slick as Heck,"This is easily the best game in the series. If you wanna watch Higurashi but dont wanna read it, you need to at least read this chapter."
,Recommended,472870,35126563,Posted: 22 September,all,ジザ.glitchdoll 💾,"get yourself a free traumatized cute loli imouto. trust me she's worth keeping, not unless if she push you off the bridge"
