user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,473610,31087146,Posted: 11 April,all,cicorongho,"Okay, controversial game!We, xcom massive fans, have all been waiting for an alternative; something to keep us going after we finished for the 10th time the xcom 2 campaign, replayed xcom enemy within and waiting for Long War 1.3, right? :)So what do we have here:PROS:- Decent graphics- The environment can poison and kill you- I like the idea of an explorable world map. Different sites come with slightly different missions and rewards- The base construction is good enough. Not as satisfying as xcom though- Interesting enemies so far- The voices are not amazing but it's nice to have/hear your main character's voiceCONS:- Far from amazing graphics- The environment can poison and kill you (yes, I know, it's a pro as well) but there's no way of knowing exactly what's poisonous. And if all the plants are then we clearly don't have enough safe cover places- The shot percentages seem to be the opposite of Xcom - 20% is pretty easy to get for both you and the enemy. I never missed anything over 80%- No save during a mission. This can be a plus if you had the option to opt in or out. It's nice for a hardcore game but missions can take a while and if you have to quit the game during a mission, you already lost it.Will try to keep updating this review as I go along... for me it's a definite positive! Yes, it's a far from perfect game but maybe the only real alternative to xcom (along with Xenonauts).I think by promoting this game you also promote the genre.PS: Also, let's not forget that this game is £13 at launch while XCOM2 was £40 - so it's not really fair to expect xcom like graphics and everything perfect. I hope the developers will keep supporting this game and make it better and better!"
,Recommended,473610,31636610,Posted: 8 May,all,mouthfulofbirds,"I've never reviewed a game before on Steam, but I had to for this one. I was almost swayed away from this title by the negative reviews, but in need of a new SRPG to play, I went ahead and purchased. I can see why the reviews on this game lean toward ""Mixed."" However, those who are willing to look past the fact that it doesn't have as much AAA-title polish as some other beloved games in the genre will be pleasantly surprised to find a worthwhile addition to their SRPG library.Let's get it out of the way first - no, this game is not XCOM. It shares many similarities, but it also has enough to differentiate itself from that (amazing) game, and can stand on its own merits. Since everyone seems to compare the two (which is inevitable, given that Shock Tactics is clearly heavily inspired by XCOM), this review is mainly going to use XCOM as the barometer to compare and contrast the systems that make this game stand out.There are three core pillars of the gameplay in Shock Tactics: Combat, Base-Building, and Exploration.COMBAT: Pretty standard turn-based SRPG fare. Also incredibly fun in this game. You move your units around a grid-based battlefield, utilizing cover, calculating hit percentages, etc. Instead of the XCOM:EU/EW action system, where each character can take up to 2 actions per turn, movement and all actions are completed by expending AP from each character's pool, similar to Jagged Alliance. This feeds into the game's movement system, which is one of its strongest differentiators from XCOM. If you direct a character to move to a specific spot, your movements are cancelled as soon as you achieve Line-of-Sight with an enemy - this allows you to reformulate your strategy and gives you a chance to decide how you want to use your remaining AP. Another part that I love about the movement is that when you are selecting where to move a character, it will show you if you will have Line-of-Sight with an enemy before you move there (assuming that the enemy is not covered by FOW), meaning no more guessing if moving to one spot will allow you to attack that turn or not. After playing Shock Tactics for several hours, I went back to XCOM: EW and found that I missed this feature severely.Some of the battlefields are HUGE. While cool just in scope and spectacle, this is part of another huge differentiator from XCOM: weapon ranges. The weapons in this game feel real. Yes, a sniper can peg you from across the map. Assault rifles have more range than their XCOM counterparts. And each weapon has its own rangefinder on the HUD that you need to pay attention to. The rangefinder is different from weapon to weapon - assault rifles have the best hit percentages in the mid-range segment, and they don't suffer too much from firing at a close target. Sniper rifles, on the other hand, have a very long distance and are more accurate at range, but suffer steep accuracy penalties when fired at targets that are too close. SMGs have awesome short-range accuracy, but it quickly drops off if firing at a target more than a few squares away. The rangefinding aspect of attacking adds an extra layer to combat, especially when considering movement and positioning. Another cool aspect of the combat in this game is that each bullet fired has its own to-hit percentage, so firing a weapon isn't always a binary ""hit or miss"" gamble - you could fire a burst and only one bullet hits, or all three hit, etc. I haven't unlocked too many new weapons yet, but I am excited to see what else is available and how they will change strategies.There are classes, but so far I haven't seen too many huge differences between them, aside from stats and abilities (which I haven't unlocked many of yet). Weapons don't seem to be locked to any specific class, so it seems you can outfit your mercs however you like.BASE-BUILDING: In summary, much less extensive than XCOM. But I feel that the base-building is not intended to be the centerpiece of this game, since it's largely exploration-driven. You will be gathering resources to build new facilities, craft weapons and gear, and train/upgrade your soldiers. But you do not choose where the buildings go or how your base is laid out. Basically, you can see the list of facilities that you can build or upgrade, and you can go ahead and build/upgrade if you have the resources. And that's it. Personally, I like it because the base-building and diplomacy aspect of XCOM was one of my least favorite parts. Though not bad (and I definitely understand why people love it), I really feel like the combat is the best part of any SRPG. By scaling back the base-building in Shock Tactics, the devs force us to focus on the combat (which, again, is super fun in this game).EXPLORATION: The major wrinkle in the formula if you're simply looking for an XCOM clone. Once you establish your base, you can exit to the world map, which itself is grid-like. It takes 1 day of in-game time to move from cell to cell, and there's a constant turn timer counting down to when the Imperial Consortium (an enemy faction) arrives on the planet to make your life more difficult. This lends a sense of urgency to exploration, as you try to quickly overtake fortresses, mining excavations, and more in order to gather resources and build your base in preparation. The overworld exploration aspect of this game is a cool RPG-trope that is missing in a lot of SRPGs. As far as I can tell, the world map is randomly generated every time - I started two playthroughs, and found different events and missions available from the start.The core of the game is great. Unfortunately, it doesn't have ""Mixed"" reviews for no reason. There is a distinct lack of polish on Shock Tactics, but that is to be expected from a small indie developer - especially when your game will invariably be compared with a huge AAA title. The voice acting is pretty terrible (which makes me thankful that units don't have voices in combat), and so far the story is incomprehensible. Sometimes the camera is screwy. Sometimes the AI isn't perfect. There are a few minor issues like this, but nothing that has broken the game or, at the very least, soured my enjoyment of it. My biggest gripe is that the tutorial doesn't adequately explain many important systems, like rangefinding. However, all that information can be found by pressing F1 in combat. Not a huge deal, but the devs could have made it a little more prominent (especially considering how important some of these systems are). Ultimately, I enjoy the tactical turn-based combat, which is probably the reason most people play games like this, and Shock Tactics does combat very well.If you are an SRPG enthusiast who's looking for a new, fun romp across a grid-based battlefield, don't be too quick to write off Shock Tactics as derivative. That would be doing the game a disservice. Give it a chance, and you may be as pleasantly surprised as I was. I can't guarantee that it will hold anyone over all the way until Phoenix Point comes out, but it definitely scratches the itch.TL;DR: Very cool SRPG from an indie dev. People who expect an XCOM clone may be disappointed. But people who are just looking for a new SRPG may find something worth loving here. I paid $20 for it and don't regret it - if you have any misgivings, wait until it's on sale."
76561197965418683,Recommended,473610,31167422,Posted: 15 April,all,Arkelis,"Pros and cons up first for those that don't have the time or perhaps the desire to read longer reviews.Overall the game is mediocre.Pros:+ Graphics and artwork. This is often a personal thing but I liked them.+ Solid combat. Kept me coming back for more. I like how it feels although the rapid fire rng can lead to low percentage shots hitting more often then not which some may find frustrating.+ Base building. Although slightly limited it's there.+ Varied skills and tech.+ Varied soldier roles.+ Armour customisation and soldier renaming.+ Explorable planet map. Could have been done better but it's a nice idea.+ Varied and interesting enemies as the game progresses.+ Active plant life.------------Cons:- Very poorly optimised. Uses 7-8 gig of memory for me and lots of loading. (Doesn't bother me but might bother other's).- Poor map design seems to favour the enemy.- Mixed voice acting. Some passable and some really not.- Clunky UI. 2d aiming on abilities in a 3d enviroment doesn't work well. And having to press R to show/hide roofs is annoying.- Tech advancement is underwhelming with exception to one or two armours.- Campaign is poorly designed leaving the player to figure out how best to proceed through trial and error.- Tutorial on first playthrough can often clash with voice acting or text meaning you miss things.- Mission objectives proc-ing before you have actually completed them.- Camera pull leaving you looking at a giant rock instead of the action.- Friendly A.I. often does nothing even on missions where you are expected to save them. (They stand in open).- Active plant life is a con until you figure out how it works.- Difficult to see who is selected and who is targeted etc and having evac zones so bright you can't see if you're on them or not is frustrating. Not to mention they are green and so is your first move cursor so they blend in and make it even harder to see.------------To be honest most of what this game has to offer is mediocre and if steam allowed such a rating I would use it here.However since it is only a positive/negative system I used recommended because in truth I enjoyed the game and completed it fully and got my monies worth.If you are a fan of turn based squad type games and you are willing to put up with a clunky UI and have the patience to get far enough into the game were it starts to be more fun than perhaps first apparent then I would say pick it up.A lot of people have compared it to x-com/x-com2 and although it has obviously taken a lot of inspiration from those games it isn't anywhere near the quality.And for the price and the fact a small indie team put this together I wouldn't expect it to be.I get the distinct feeling that the devs ran out of money or people left the project because I can see the basis of a competent game here.It just lacks polish and direction. You kinda have to figure out yourself how best to go about the campaign in order to make sure you don't get overwhelmed in missions because even on tourist difficulty the game is hard.Especially if you try to play it with tactics or creativity.If you want to just hide and overwatch all the time you can but it gets pretty boring doing that.The difficulty bars on the missions can be a little misleading in places too. I have had 5 bar missions easier than 3 bar missions. This is usually due to the map design and the fact the enemy has all the advantages.Unlike in x-com were you activate a group and then it spreads out. In this game the enemy is already active and has the best positions.This, mixed with the reinforcement timers and side objective timers can lead to some frustrating situations but if you stick with the game you do learn how to deal with everything.I personally found myself quitting out of frustration a few times but always came back and eventually completed the game because I found myself missing it. The combat when you get better weapons and armour and skills can be fun.It's just you never really feel total satisfaction. A lot of your abilities are one use per mission or have such a long cooldown they might aswell be one use per mission.The tech advancement is pretty poor with the first level tech forge offering nothing but a sniper rifle you already have if you have a sniper. Which you will.As I say the game just leaves you with the impression that the devs ran out of money.I would like for this game to do well enough for them to come back and polish it or release dlc. Or at the very least to allow them to work on a 2nd one because they have the right ideas and I do think they genuinely tried here.All in all it's a very average game that you have to be the type of person willing to make your own fun with it, if you want to get your monies worth out of it.Because I love these types of games so much I for sure had my fun with it but if you aren't an avid fan of the series and willing to put up with quite a few flaws, then I would say avoid this one or perhaps pick it up on sale.Thank you for reading and for your time.I hope this review helps you."
76561198008949631,Not Recommended,473610,31097422,Posted: 12 April,all,Shotgun,"This game has some good ideas and aims to combine combat and basebuilding in an interesting universe. It is similar to x-com in that way. Unfortunately it fails to execute the ideas properly and it quickly becomes obvious that it suffers from a lack of development resources. Basebuilding is executed in a bare-minimum way with no real hard decisions involved, just build everything, it can be done quickly. The combat suffers from a horrible AI, in fact it's so bad that all battles play out the same way. You just bait the AI with a dug in soldier and it will keep taking 1-3% shots at it. Also the combat mechanics are a bit lacklustre with menial skills involved and no real flanking system.It's too bad, I really wanted to like the game. But my advice is to just skip this one, maybe pick it up at 75% off in the future."
76561198014545280,Not Recommended,473610,31085769,Posted: 11 April,all,klaus1138,"So far, not so good.  The gameplay is OK, but not great.  The UI could use some polish.  This I can expect from a small indie developer.Edit: After quick feedback from the devs (Thanks, btw!) I was able to get this game... ahem... running.Thoughts after the first mission.  The UI is still clunky.  The game is a resource hog.  Even on lowest settings, it maxes my CPU and GPU and uses 10 GB (!) of RAM.  So, maybe there is some optimization to be done.Also, the AI is pretty much non-existent.  The one mission I was able to play had me tasked with keeping 3-4 ""ally"" units alive.  They just parked it across the map, flanked by the 3 or so enemies nearby.  They never reacted, tried for cover or fired back, and let themselves get masacred.  The time it took me to treck it across the wide open map, the 2 snipers in high cover were able to easily smoke my rookie squad.  All this on a mission with the lowest difficulty rating..."
,Not Recommended,473610,31166016,Posted: 15 April,all,Dirkradix,"Followed the game for over the year now. And was quite happy to see it was finally released.Sadly, it is at the moment a half-baked game, oh sure....it is quite playable however it is poorly optimized.1. Loading the game takes a very long time, takes up a lot of system resources to start/play compared to AAA games of the same genre.2. Map loading screen looks like it was designed to hypnotize you, better off just leave blank screen and a loading bar.3. Tactical combat works fine, however it is filled with a lot of bugs. Game-breaking ones(the LAZOR ability you get from the armor) and Non Game-breaking ones(unit ordered to move 1 tile away, instead runs towards the edge of the map).4. The game colors are quite a strain to the eyes, even after changing the options.5. Combat feels clunky and rough, it is hard to play more than 4 combat before you start getting drowsy.All-in-all, the game is an X-com clone that shouldn't have been fully released yet. This game belongs to the beta phase."
76561198008831739,Recommended,473610,32759607,Posted: 25 June,all,youngyg108,"This is a good turn based combat game , Grapics and playablity are very good for the price of this game. If you like the good old classics like X-Com , Fallout Tactics and the UFO games then this is another game you want to add to you collection."
,Recommended,473610,31286383,Posted: 21 April,all,LyFTiD 4 LyFe,"Absolutely in love with this game.Can't write a full review yet, but right now it's a flawed masterpiece. I don't see anything changing that."
,Not Recommended,473610,35273666,Posted: 28 September,all,CitizenX3639,"Thanks to Point Blank games and the publisher Eurovideo Median for attempting an alterantive Xcom, indie light with some cool new ideas.I have requested a refund for Shock tactics and im not happy to do so. The breaking point was i wasted :30 minutes running around the world map, rebooted my save twice only to find out(youtube video) a tutorial mission was not executing(never worked for me). Basically, i think i needed to restart the game to try and fix. There are a few other issues:1. The game looks nothing like the videos and or previews. Texture work is really muddy which takes away what is a really an attractive pallette.2. The game ran like a potato, mud on my laptop which runs almost everything(1080P med/high) graphic settings are limited and it ran fine on my PC except .....3. No Ultra wide supportI was excited to play Shock tactics, these are my type of games, but your game has to be functional in order to enjoy."
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,473610,31083347,Posted: 11 April,all,SilentButDeadly,"Shock Tactics is a low-budget clone of XCom 2. Weaker graphics, voice acting, enviroments, effects, UI, sounds, etc. But I'm generally OK with that. For example, I played a lot of Xenonauts, which also has poor presentation values, but the underlying gameplay was interesting. I found Shock Tactics to lack the tension and depth that either of those games have. The XCom series thrives on its careful balance between abilities, cover, technologies, etc. With Shock Tactics I felt all that really mattered was if I was in cover or not. If I was in cover, the enemies would waste all their shots on 1% attacks while my other units would just fire away. There are different unit types, but the abilities aren't that interesting, such as the sniper having a bonus to hit chance and one bullet instead of 3, but the same range and plays fundamentally similar.I didn't play enough to write a long and detailed review, I just got bored and couldn't take it anymore."
,Not Recommended,473610,31293013,Posted: 22 April,all,Redhotviking,"The game WAS fun, the little i did get to play it. It had sever issues of crashing and I got to do 3-4 maps after the tutorial before the problem became to much for me to even bother anymore. Perphas this issue will be fixed later, but as it is now it is horrible and makes the game unplayable which is sad, otherwise it would be a thumb up.The game it self is a Old school X-com/jagged alliance type of tactical game, and that in it self makes it something I would pay for, the graphics are not to far off from UFO - Afterlight. The game is about a mercenary group attempting to carve out a small piece of an alien world, you earn credits, resources and soldiers from missions to improve on your base, build weapons and armors as well as train your soldiers. What I did see was soldier classes somewhat similar to the new X-com enemy unknown/enemy within and X-com 2. Breacher, Heavy, Marksman and a hacker type soldier that is only with you for a short bit in tutorial and i did not get far enough to recruit one again before the constant crashing made me abandon any hope of suffering through this game.Again the game itself isnt so bad, but the bugs that cause constant crashing ruined it compleatly for me. I hope that in the future this gets solved, i might attempt to play it again."
,Recommended,473610,31088440,Posted: 11 April,all,Cavemancougar,Good Alternative to Xcom.. Need little optimization but for price its fun. Reminds of tabletop game i have called Deadzone.
,Recommended,473610,31106179,Posted: 12 April,all,ATechnophile,"Thing about this game is that it's brand new from an indie developer. Is it rough around the edges? Yeah, but it's being updated/improved daily. Is it similar to XCOM? Yes, however it brings something new when you speak of XCOM. The way I look at this is that XCOM was all about stopping aliens where this is more of we've found a new home (possiblily) and we've got to fight to keep a foothold. Personally it's got plenty of room to grow and the base building is neat. I believe that as time goes on and the developer recieves feedback and ideas this could become as great as XCOM if not beat it (however it's most likely going to be equal)."
76561198042521134,Recommended,473610,31124677,Posted: 13 April,all,largepaw,So the game is inspired by x-com...I get it.. Its a turned based strat game... I get it.. It has base and squad building... I get it.. It's fun and dynamic... I get it.. It's definentily worth playing and for $20.... I GET IT !! and so should YOU!! Not perfect but worth every penny. Pick up a copy 2day Recommended
,Not Recommended,473610,31270623,Posted: 21 April,all,I'M YOUR LAOBEI,"I love XCOM, and that's why I chose to support this game. It is really a stripped down version of XCOM, though nowhere as good as XCOM. My main complaint is the interface. There is no notification when a new enemy is spotted, and I have no idea how many enemies I have currently activated, nor do I know if more enemies enter. Every mission I played I kept wondering where an extra enemy came from. Those ""I thought there were two, why are there three enemies on the map now?"" moments. After a while it gets annoying; even if you ARE paying attention to what is happening, its awfully difficult to keep track of the enemies and react to them.And then there are those clunky controls. Right click is both for move commands or a shortcut to shoot enemies. Or else you will have to press the corresponding action key, search for the enemy on the screen (becuase clicking on the small head icon with the hit percentages won't bring you to the enemy), and then shoot in fear that you actually took a shot at the wrong enemy because it isn't clear who you were aiming at. Small design issues, but things strategy games should incorporate, so that the heavy information overload that players face already is not added on to because of design issues as such.It isn't a bad game, but I don't think its worth its price. This is the first game I played which I got so frustrated at that within the first 50 minutes I went to ask for a refund. I would like to support games of this genre, but unfortunately this one isn't ready to represent this genre yet."
76561198049023873,Recommended,473610,31118863,Posted: 13 April,all,joekain,"I've been playing this game for almost 5 hours and have been enjoying it greatly.  I'm not a hardcore tactical gamer but I have enjoyed playing XCOM enemy within and XCOM2.The things I like most about Shock Tactics is the level design.  The levels are very unique interesting and reminiscient of contruction sites. The levels often include enemies in an elevated position that I'm forced to assault.So far, I also like the pacing of the game.  I've cleared most of the levels I've played in about 20 minutes which is the right lenght of time for me.  Certain story missions take longer which I think helps to emphasize their importance in the story."
76561198050712099,Not Recommended,473610,31096943,Posted: 12 April,all,reginald.allouchery,"Despite some trepidation, I purchased this game because of my hunger for more good xcom like fun.  Oh boy.  I don't think that I have ever refunded a game so fast.  Where to start?  The core gameplay is actually solid, an uninspired copy paste of xcom 2's systems for the most part, but competent.  The problem is everything else.  I know graphics a re not everything but this game does not look even ready for early access, it looks like someone's mod project at best.  Ugly bland environments and characters, generic monsters and enemies, buggy as hell with an horrible clunky interface.  No, god please no.  I'm going to go take a shower now to wash away the stink of bitter disapointment."
76561198056491416,Not Recommended,473610,31093854,Posted: 12 April,all,Luffel_Senpai,"Combat feels clunky and boring. And the camera spins, man... holy ♥♥♥♥ the camera spins all the time"
76561198048452006,Not Recommended,473610,31095908,Posted: 12 April,all,Cyne,"It's a ""deja vu"" feeling, and i'm a fan of tactical and dungeon crawler but this game i don't know, story mechanic, univer, interface all is average."
76561197979109972,Not Recommended,473610,31908012,Posted: 22 May,all,Ayhak,"The game is ok not more, the devs have gone awol so it will be never be more."
76561197982844462,Recommended,473610,31105212,Posted: 12 April,all,brassi77,Its worth the price if you are a fan of xcom style games
,Not Recommended,473610,31087211,Posted: 11 April,all,RubixCubed,"My main complaint is that I felt absolutely no tension while trying out the game. Granted, I only spent enough time to do two mission tutorials, but so far the game hasn't left an impression on me. Since its kinda obvious that Shock Tactics was inspired by the XCom series of gameplay, I'm gonna have to compare this to them. Shock Tactics is a less thrilling, more clunkier indie version of XCom. Then again, that's just my opinion, so take it however you will."
