user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198040074492,Recommended,473690,34588897,Posted: 29 August,all,PritheeCareful,"A TL;DRI like writing long reviews, this is the short version:CategoriesRankingShort summaryValue$30It's worth it's money, and you'll enjoy yourself. IF you're into fighting gamesGameplay9.5Thrilling and invigorating in a satisfying wayStory6It's not exactly what keeps you goingInteraction7You pick up loot from defeated foes, or find it. It's absolutely OK, but nothing newVisuals10Visuals that really captures you the very moment you beginWorld Design8.5It's not on the level of Dark Souls, but certainly not far off. More simple to understand, and easier to navigateAll in all8.2The gameplay is where it shines, and it does somuchbrighter than my future.An Absolver ReviewI've alway loved three-dimensional fighting games. They tend to be a hit and miss (pun not intended) with both mechanics, story, and it's overall ""Wow i like this""-scale. This is a hit on two out of those three.The fighting itself is marvelous; It's fluid, tactical, based on practise, You must understand the moves being given, and you can even get new moves in a very realistic way; by practise and getting attacked. This is not a game you pick up for 10 mins and go: ""I know everything now""; You get the game, play it for 10 mins, and you understand the basics, how it all works, but you don't know how to utilize it properly yet. That's for later, when you begin getting good, understanding, analyzing attacks/combos and so forth. This might perhaps sound daunting, but It really isn't. Even from the beginning you'll be satisfied with what you can achieve with the moveset pre-made for you (yes, you can actually make your own combos, and then choose EVERYTHING you want in your moveset).The mechanics are so brilliant, it's all put together in an easy-to-understand way, and combined with a fabulous UI; I can honestly say I'm in love. The game is set up very similar to darksouls games, except you need to defeat smaller bosses all over the map in order to move on to the next area; which is very straight forward, and plain simple to understand straight off the bat. You can literally go and fight any player you'd like that joins the server (or hub) you're currently in, and it's all very fair game from both the players and the restrictions made by the developers. The one thing that really gets me going are the damn camera angles, Idon'tunderstand why they need to glitch out the second they hit a wall. If you get crammed into a corner, it's impossible to fight back;because you can't see anything at all.Other than this it's all pretty damn good.The story is vague, and not really interesting at all. From what I've interpreted it's about this person getting chosen to become an absolver, and he needs to go through all of these trials in order to become one: which is what the game is all about. There are some NPC's around, vaguely going into lore about the location you're in and so forth, other than that there's not really much to it. Then again the storyreallyisn't the main aspect of this game.The only really major drawback is the abundance of bugs currently infesting the game, some are game-breaking, some plain annoying, and others hilarious. It just got released, and I've got faith that the developers keep in touch with the community, and solve the issues we have.It's a very loveable game that can get you a little pissy, and extremely satisfied with accomplishment at the same time. I've come to understand it's not an unpleasant feeling at all.I was stuck in my chair for 5 hours after launching, and I met a random dude that was really nice, and we beat the entire first area together. The multiplayer interaction is really well implemented with the only means of communitcation is via gestures, or by adding the person on steam.A very short summaryAll in all it's a game I'd recommend to fans of fighting games, the kind where you need to get good, and then you're safely allowed to brag about it, only to be called either a stuck-up cocky pleb, or a cheater.It feels so damn good to demolish beta players.Have fun!EDITI easily forgot i bought the game for $20 due to it's pre-order being at that price; or 180NOK. My apologies! The actual price is $30, and I meant to say it's worth that much. :)"
,Recommended,473690,34581184,Posted: 29 August,all,McDank,>logs on>plays prologue area>gets to first area>lacks discipline>gets rekt by group of enemies>discovers massive tower>face melts at awesome atmosphere>meets up with random bro>bow to eachother>helps some kid getting♥♥♥♥♥kicked by 4 npcs>kid immediately turns on us>we discipline the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of him>bow to eachother again>go our seperate ways10/10 would discipline again.
76561198152433213,Not Recommended,473690,34702517,Posted: 2 September,all,Tjimnir,"I really do like this game, and want it to succeed.  That said, there are some problems that need to be adressed.After having played the game to completion a couple times now, with more time under my belt,and in endgame (I think), I feel more equiped to make my case not not buy. The loading screens have been almost completely taken care of thanks to the devs, so that's not my point anymore. Unfortunately, it's something more to the core of the game, and what keeps people coming back to play again and again. Content.As I said in my previous review, I love the looks of the game. I love the combat, the progression, and even what little story there is. It has it's own special tone that the relaxing music in the background helps to achieve, and the customization has me constantly wanting to make improvements to my combat deck. The game even has a low cost of just 30 bucks, incredible value these days, with most new games being 60 or more, with no sense of refinement. This game has it's own feel and place in the market, and does something truly different from all other fighting games. Totally worth a look.With all that said, however, it just isn't enough. Having beaten the main story, grinded in 1v1 PvP to combat level 60, and beaten T3 final boss, I have to say I'm looking for a reason to keep playing this game. I guess I could go farm a couple enemies to get ALL the moves, but I already have the vast majority, and my deck feels fine without that one drunken sword move. I have plenty of clothing from pvp drops, so I don't really feel the need to grind for more of that. Which brings us to the final reason to keep playing: PvP.Now don't get me wrong; I like fighting people with their own decks and playstyles, but if there's no real reason or reward other than, 'that one piece of clothing you never actually wanted,' or just to tell the other person 'I won, git gud scrub' I just don't know if it's worth it. My experience has been mostly good, with just a few frustrating match ups, due only to the opponent's deck being almost counter to mine.(good on them) But it had very little sense of meaning or purpose other than getting to level 60 to finally beat Risryn. It just feels a bit like running in a circle.Now I know that this may seem bit too negative, since the dev team was so small, yet did so much. I don't want you to think this is a bad game, because it's not; it just isn't complete yet. As it stands the endless PvP just doesn't feel rewarding enough to keep me playing for more than half an hour. If you actually managed to read this far, I thank you for your 5 min. You will never get it back :)"
,Recommended,473690,34594527,Posted: 29 August,all,Guardian_Angel,"What is Absolver? It's a fairly-priced For Honor. You get a PvE co-op, PvP, lots of customization pieces (for absolutely free) and a pretty big progression system with new moves and abilities to be unlocked.It also has some good background music for free roaming and fights accordingly.Graphics are cartoonish with some minimalistic touch to them, like in ABZU or RIME, which also includes some gorgeous art style.Gameplay is solid and has a steep learning curve, with no icon tracking crap that For Honor has - the only way you can know what your enemy's doing is too intently observe his moves. Animations for fighting moves are done nicely, so fights are really delightful to watch. You can choose between unarmed combat, swordfights and knucklecuffs with more weapon types coming at a later date.The only real shortcoming I've noticed so far is that the Campaign mode lasts for just 3 hours before throwing you into a tiny open-world for loot grinding. But, hey, at least this game doesn't proclaim that it's an AAA 60$ game, unlike For Honor.Get it, if you're into fighting games, but aren't feeling great about feeding Ubisoft with money for their undeservingly overpriced rival.8/10"
,Recommended,473690,34669223,Posted: 1 September,all,Aaron,"Came from For Honor because of its issues. Found a game that I totally wasn't looking for, but I ended up really liking. Nothing like For Honor, and more like a fleshed out Jade Empire. Not a traditional fighting game, it's its own niche kind of fg. Not for casuals, game seems simple, but like any other fighting game, it's a facade.Spamming gets you ♥♥♥♥ed, you get jumped all the time, you get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked a lot, you get mad at it a bit ( I didn't experience this. Only in pvp did I get mad. ) and then you keep playing.Building your own combat deck from moves you've defended successfully against and learned is honestly so fun. Never have I ever wanted to be spammed in a fighting game before, but learning moves you don't own and using it in your deck is the most satisfying thing. There's many intricacies when it comes to building your own deck and making sure it fits every situation you can come across, but after spending some time fiddling with your deck, you'll understand how to assemble it in a way that it's useful and not a jumbled mess of moves you'll never want to use.Definitely not for the casual gamer. If you spend a lot of time blaming the game for your failure, you're going to have a bad time, and you will probably uninstall very quickly."
,Recommended,473690,34673869,Posted: 1 September,all,GentlemanPenguin,"In 2 days, this game has done everything I wanted from it. With Dark Souls finished and For Honor disappointing, Absolver has set itself up to be THE truely skill-based fighting game for the next few years. Yes, the online play is spotty at the moment, but this is essentially an Indie game with a lot more players than the developers expected. According to the subreddit, they're adding new servers, so online should clear itself up in time.Anyone who tells you the single-player experience isn't enough probably got through by cheesing every enemy; if you play against the AI the way you would a player, then every fight becomes just as intense. Here's hoping Sloclap keep up the good work and keep adding things to this game. There's no features missing as far as I can see, but I'd love to see more fighting styles and weapons added. Plus, all signs point to them adding in larger duels.Now if only I could find a Kahlt school to join so I can get that damn fourth chao- I mean fighting style."
76561198091817386,Recommended,473690,34700945,Posted: 2 September,all,Trinity,"The short story-I've been following the company on twitter/discord. They seem to be on top of their bugs, and consistently bringing more content, I don't see why this game wouldn't thrive later on. So far they are looking good, but it's still early. Not quite enough game modes for a buy just yet. Pvp wise, all they have is 1v1.The longer story-This card-deck style strategy game, mixed with reflex and skill-based timing, is a well-crafted piece of art and visual effect. The martial arts aspect is very real, meaning the fighting moves are all actual real-life moves. No teleporting, DOA style ninja fighting in this one gents.UNRELATED OPINION:In a favor to all who read this, let me tell you that this company is a ""remnant"" of Ubisoft. We all know how Ubisoft's past two big titles went... If this game is to survive, they must keep the community in the loop. They can't be cryptic about ""free content on the way"", and then not tell us what's coming.Launch week:Release - September 6th, 2017Discovery 1: After beating the main game, or the ""tutorial"", PVP is pretty much all there is left to do. As of now, all there is for competitive PVP is 1v1, and random duels that can be initiated exploring the already explored area.Discovery 2: The game's 'learning' system, makes for unlocking moves through playing against other players or AI. But mostly PVP.Or in other words, take your beatdown from players who have the moves unlocked.Or, in other other words, jump into a fight with a dude that pulls a double barrel role handspring that somehow ends up with a heel in your face, while your arsenal consists of an exaggerated hand slap.Discovery 3: The game has the fighting style, 'drunken fist'. I think it's pretty cool.Discovery 4: You can't switch between styles or moves while in a match. So, if someone's deck completely counters your deck, you have to bite the bullet until the match is over. It's not totally wasted though. Since performing parrys, dodges and absobs on them, makes for unlocking their moves, for your use, faster.Discovery 5: Level cap is 60, so max level allows for 60 points to be spent on attributes like strength, dexterity, vitality, endurance, and will."
,Recommended,473690,34630364,Posted: 31 August,all,Voxel,"Due to the intrecacy of the deck building, even with over 200 hours in the beta and prerelease, I have yet to run into an opponent that played the same way."
76561197975503147,Not Recommended,473690,35077837,Posted: 19 September,all,Laserfrog,"Look, I don't mean any ill will by posting this ""Not Recommended"". The Devs for this game have been nothing but dedicated, courteous, honest, and polite regarding this game's issues, and I don't regret for a moment the time I spent playing this game in its beautiful and atmospheric (albeit somewhat shallow) single-player mode.That being said, in my total 20+ hours of playtime, I have been unable to connect to this game's servers at all. I am playing from the Southeast United States, and I have essentially been unable to access the majority of the game's content since I picked this title up. I am told that fixes are coming, but in the meantime there is very little that I can do to assuage this issue.As such, I cannot recommend this game until the issues with the servers and online play are resolved. This game is designed from the ground up to support online play first and foremost, and being unable to access online features hurts it hard. I will gladly change my review when these issues are resolved, as the game is definitely worth your time otherwise and I very much want it to succeed. Though this title is worth keeping an eye on, I simply cannot recommend it in good faith while online issues persist."
76561198267117937,Recommended,473690,34581093,Posted: 29 August,all,Blackfang920,"To begin, I do not understand why people are complaining about this game already. While I admit that some might have lag issues, that is due to both the game, and the person's own internet connection. Based purely on gameplay, this is quite the enjoyable game; it is challenging, is visually pleasing (in my opinion), and provides an amazing level of customization. Please do in fact note, I have only recently begun playing the game.P.S. Please forgive any spelling mistakes I have made."
76561198000600393,Not Recommended,473690,35010240,Posted: 16 September,all,Prufrock,"Current as of 09/16/2017This is an excellently designed game with a ruinously bad control sceme.In keyboard mode, it is nearly impossible to trigger your block/dodge/absorb consistently, because it is bound to mouse movement and cannot, under any circumstances, be changed.  Response to a particular mouse movement is unpredictable, and may do nothing or activate the wrong move, even when performed in an identical manner.In controler mode, the block works fine, but stance change and free dodge (both of which are tied to joystick + button push) have similar consistency problems.  Again, it is impossible to remap the joystick assignments for stance change or free dodge (although you can change the keybind, that does not help).In a game that depends on precise timing for its (otherwise elegant) combat system to work, this is an unforgiveable sin.Wait 6 months before buying, and make sure they fix the control scheme before laying out money for this game."
,Recommended,473690,34894142,Posted: 11 September,all,FettionFettionFetti,"The servers are much better now, give it a go!"
,Recommended,473690,34600559,Posted: 30 August,all,Eudae,"Overall, I like this game. I recommend it to fans of fighting games, hand to hand combat, and reaction games. The game plays very much like an open-ish world For Honor without all of the exploits/balancing issues (so far).There are 3 defense mechanics chosen by your class at the start. It's somewhat important to pick one you like although I've read you can switch that out later (but stat respecs aren't implemented now or maybe ever? AFAIK). The 3 mechanics are parry, absorb, and dodge. The parry class is quite fun, allowing you to block all damage from a certain direction with a minor stun. The absorb class lets you tank hits and heal for a minor amount, and the dodge class lets you evade in a direction (all classes can evade, but this class does it faster and more reliably.) These mechanics all work fairly well and seem balanced for what they are.Furthermore, there are a number of moves attainable in the game. These are not limited per class but can be improved with stat allocations. Unfortunately, you can't reallocate stats at this time so unless you go all HP/stamina/will, certain moves will always be more damage efficient for you than others - this is probably my only gripe with the game so far.PvP is currently limited to 1v1 matches. They're quite fun and I have yet to fight two opponents with the same fighting style. The flows of each battle have all been quite different. This may change if ""best"" movesets are discovered or when more people start learning schools and copying master's moves but for now it's been a good mixup.PvE is open world and anyone can bash anyone in at any time. This is quite fun, especially when another player attacks you while you're fighting a 3 NPCs and you shove him off a cliff or bash his face in with your fist. On the flip side, doesn't feel so great when you don't do those things but it's a double edged sword and adds some nice variety to PvE (I'm not huge fan of PvE games in general though, so I always like some added player interactions). If you don't like this, you can join a private lobby with friends or play offline.TL;DR; good fighting game. Worth $30.Disclaimer: as of writing, they are having network issues. I've also heard that play outside of NA/EU is pretty terrible so that's something to be wary of. Would not recommend with choppy internet as well."
76561198023827267,Not Recommended,473690,34925309,Posted: 13 September,all,Hakageryu,"People in here OF COURSE are likely to tell you to buy it. I say now, but i'll say this:Combat: 9.5/10 Great and the real meat of the game. The chess matches you can have if you actually learn to play the game and build your style accordingly are great. Extremely fun, and rewarding when you win. Creating a school is a very exciting prospect to be sure. The game absolutely excels with regard to combat.Balance: 8/10 Game is decently balanced in the sense that everyone can get the same moves and everything has a counter. The only downsides are that some styles are easier to use/have greater advantages while many moves have bonus effects which make many of the other moves completely miss them. This can be countered but can also be exploited. Nothing too bad (in my experience) though.And here's where the problems start to lie.Conenctivity: 6/10 A few issues besides some lag here and there. I know I'm one of the lucky ones though. De-Syncing leading to death however, has happened frequently.Game Stability: 3/10 Buggy. Very very buggy. I've ran into areas only to die instantly, which was funny the first 2 times it's happened. I've been trying on gear and have the game literally freeze and have to reset my computer. I've been editing my style and i've found my game locking up because I went to back out and reset my current style because I removed moves from slots.If I have to restart my computer because your game freezes and it does it more than once, that doesn't sit well with me.Gear Drops: 2/10 RNG is severly flawed in this game, as you can get starter gear from very significant loot drops which is a brainless design decision if I ever saw one (and they say that may not change). While gear isn't super important, this is worth pointing out.Story: 2/10 While there isn't much at all, there is some there so regardless of people saying ""LOL it's a PvP game"" the story is there and you must explore and open up areas so it is a valid aspect of the game to judge.Immersion/Environment: 7/10 I'm referring to the game sucking you in, not so much getting sucked into the lore. The environment has an enjoyable artstyle and is well-done if a bit simplistic, but that is a strength in this case. Fighting will absorb all of your attention.Amount of PvE Content: 2/10 This may or may not matter to you and that's fine, but buyer beware: It is very short and very limited. Locking story progression behind PvP is honestly one of the most counter-productive decisions i've ever seen in a game.Overall: I'd say it's the best 4.5/10 i've ever played (no I didn't average my scores, I just gave it one I felt it deserved, the avg is 4.8125 if you're wondering), because everything outside of combat and the landscape feels lazily done by people who are great at making combat fun, but terrible at overall design and progression choices. I feel they completely ignored player fatigue because it is largely a PvP game. Problem is that it is a PvP centric game with a mandatory PvE component to experience PvP to the fullest and vice-versaThe fact that they baked in some of these horrendous and easy to avoid design choices (mainly PvP to progress story and gear RNG, poor planning for server load as if they expected to fail) is pretty dissapointing.Verdict: Get it on sale or at least wait till more patches go out, if there's even a playerbase for you to PvP to progress the story/create a school by then."
,Recommended,473690,34582441,Posted: 29 August,all,Ash,"Absolver overall is good well worth my money at least for now but it definitely needs a patch.(Review will be updated once I get more into the game and patches are released).(Minor update 31/8/2017) :I had less performance issues but i am not sure if they updated the game or not but based on the annocement they have made at :http://steamcommunity.com/games/473690/announcements/detail/1434815194024632194they will be attempting to fix the issues that have been reported.(Minor update 30/8/2017) :Note I'd like to make this clear, So far in my experience I have had minor performance issues and has not incurred any multiplayer/online issues but my friends have reported from both opposite sides where one side has had no issues performance wise while the other does and likewise for multiplayer/online. The game and how it reacts will not be the same for every users even with the same specs there are many variables that add to how a game will perform for one or another. Hence why stated the game is good overall but will need patches for users who are incurring any problems.Pros-Interesting Gameplay-Lovely art Style-Multiplayer so far has been okay (for me)Neutral-DLCs were delivered after 1-3 hours of the game being up.Cons-Performance issues-Servers might cause lag and may be region locked (Based on other reviews)-Needs a slightly more detailed tutorial i guess (Tho am just in so eh)(Thanks @ dweggy for x3 notifying me of my spelling errors)"
,Recommended,473690,34626860,Posted: 30 August,all,Mr. Mister,"I would not reccomend this game if you do not have a stable internet connection. The main feature of the game is the PVP, and the PVE/Story is very short, but fun. However, even that has a problem. Certain parts of the PVE are locked away until you reach certain ""Combat Trial"" levels, which is specifically PVP.So if you do not have a fancy for PVP, or have no internet, this is a pass. Otherwise, it's an amazing game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34779497,Posted: 6 September,all,Garviel Loken,"So I put around 35 hours into this game. I do like it. I actually like it inspite of itself, yet ♥♥♥♥ing hate playing it. Not because its bad, but because of a ton of minor issues that just add up to an overwelmingly disappointing experinece that just is upsetting and doesnt respect your time. It is a short game around 5 hours with a ton of grinding if you want to unlock other movesets or stances. Even just getting armor is a slog. I want to recommend this game, I actually like it and think it is good, but there are so many issues that I have been experincing regarding the basic ideas of player feedback, or the ability for a player to understand what exactly is happening during a fight and why things work and dont work. I am a fan of the Souls series and competitive fighting games. However I have had an easier time learning the Souls series without guides (which is the regular way I like to play them since demon souls) and fighting game systems than learning the simple systems in this game. The lack of information given and I dont even mean stat information but just the fact it is extremely difficult to understand what exactly you are doing wrong during fights and why certain builds or types of play just dont work, makes this game tedious.You start out with the choices of Three stances or styles each different with different strengths. Windfall is the fast stance with a focus on dex, and you get a dodge that allows you say jump over low moves or duck highs. This can (though its extremely hard to notice) cause an opponent to slow down like a minor debuff or a buffer for a move. Next is Forsaken which is a middle of the road style with a focus on both dex and strength and vitality. Slight advantage to strength. You get a parry which will stun the opponent for what feels like at most 1 second, but more like .5 of a second. Then there is Kahlt or ♥♥♥♥ing whatever, which absorbs hits. You take the damage but you can start a move after you are hit while they are finishing their attack animation. Doing this right you can punish attacks. You technically can punish with all of these stances, but without something as simple as the ♥♥♥♥ING FRAME DATA for moves it gets EXTREMELY Tedious regardless of the information they provide.  (Also there is a forth class you can unlock later which is mostly if not entirely based on mobility stat.) First let me address the stats, There is strength, dex, vitality, endurance and Willpower. Vitality of course being health endurance is your stamina and willpower is basically magic regen. (yes there are spells like healing or a knockback but none do any damage) So in this game you build your own combo chains called a combo deck. Each move having stats such as power, speed and range. ON TOP OF THAT, they are stance specific but DONT REQUIRE that stance to be used. Second they have a system where each has a grade scale for stats, that go from D-S ranking based on stats such as Strength, Dex, And Mobility. Mobilty is the last stat which is determind by weight of your gear. SO Normally in a game like DS if you put stats into endurance you can wear heavier armor, doesnt work like that here. Regardless of your stamina you mobility is uneffected and ONLY is effected by the weight of your armor. WHICH IS SOME CASES SEEMS POINTLESS BECAUSE OF THIS. Before anyone says, well this isnt dark souls, I understand that, but its systems are obviously heavily inspired by those systems. Even the layout of the stat menu is very similiar to that of souls. So you have these 3 stats; strength, dex, and mobility that affect the damage of the move. BUT mobility affects the SPEED that the move will come out at. But hold on you say, isnt there a stat on the move that determines its base speed? WHY YES THERE IS! However because of the mobility stat it is nearly useless in practice. What should be a fast move can easily just become slow like the heavier hitting move making them useless for anyone with armor. The max your mobility can be is 30 with no armor, and as you add armor you lose mobilty. 24-30 is fast, 18-23 is normal and 0-17 is slow. However Its not a flat stat, 24, is slower than 27. How much slower? WHO THE ♥♥♥♥ KNOWS. None of that is presented in the game. Also NO WHERE does it state that mobility on deck moves will affect its base speed in anyway. IN FACT that stats is presented in a way that it should only affect damage, BUT IT DOESNT. It also affects the speed of the animation of the move. This brings me to the problem of Frame Data, EVEN IF there was frame data on these moves; It would come back to what gear you are wearing, and what style or stance you are using. SO if a move is say +3 on block (like the base ryu jab in street fighter) at 30 mobilty in the windfall stance it could be completely different in the forsaken or kelpt stances. It could easilly go from a safe move to COMPLETELY unsafe just by the armor and stance you are in. The fastest jab in the game could become as unsafe as some of the slow wind up heavy hitting moves or in some cases EVEN more unsafe because it doesnt have any special traits. You see some moves have traits in them that allow you to say dodge a high attack becoming a counter. Some of which allow you take a single hit and punch through an opponents attacks. SO if a jab is as unsafe as the move that say lets you take a hit but still be able to hit the opposing player, regaining the upper hand and doing large amounts of damage; Why would you EVER use the fast jab? It becomes a game where you have to go as light as you can with the fastest moves you can OR go as heavy as you can with the heaviest hitting moves you can most of which have moddifiers such as the absorbing hit, or dodging through or under attacks. There isnt any safe way to play down the middle. IN fact it is detremental to do so. ( of course you need certain moves as buffer moves like the stagger moves, that allow for quick double hits that can hit people side stepping, as well as double hit through absorbs. There are some staple moves but regardless of that, it is stick to heavy or light based on your mobility stat.) Now that brings me to the issue of the actual stats in the game and leveling. The soft cap in this game is not soft whatsoever. There is a fantastic guide on this called""Stat caps and why there's only one efficient build""that did the math on this. I HIGHLY ENCOURAGE EVERYONE TO READ THIS if you are interested in this game or CURRENTLY playing. ESPECIALLY since you cannot respec at this time. Basically 18 st, 18 dex, 16 vit 16 end, 16 will is what you should be at with slight variations based on the stance/style you use. Which the guide goes into. Extremely helpful but also demonstrates the utter useless nature of even having stats in this game at all. Just to use the soul series as an example in that game, yes there is a soft cap but it is nowhere as strict, and there is a reward for ignoring the softcap to build towards certain items. For example, dumping 40 points into strength regardless of the soft cap in ds rewards you by allowing you to use massive weapons at the expense of other stats. No such reward exists at this time for this game. In fact it hurts you to do so in this game leading to what I said before, a single effective build at this time for stats.IF you are interested in this game DO YOUR RESEARCH. If you are cool with the fact the severs dont work except from 10pm to 10am. (This isnt a joke) That it will not respect your time, that it is tedious and has barely any pve content. That it probably should have been an early access game. (most of the PVP content isnt even in the game. They dont even have an anti cheat) Than I wish you the best of luck. Like I said I wanted to like this game, and I do like it, however all its problems just left me frustrated and made me feel I wasted 35 hours. When you like a game, but its problems♥♥♥♥♥♥you off so much you hate it, thats worse than it just being a bad game."
,Not Recommended,473690,35049437,Posted: 18 September,all,ApolloM5,"EDIT [Update 1.06][TL;DR] Update 1.06 has addressed connectivity issues with moderate success, added a few cosmetic items, but has not addressed the unreliability of KBM controls.Update 1.06 has not contributed anything much to the game. KBM controls and their unreliability have not been addressed, rather there seems to be an even longer delay when using special abilities (e.g. Healing etc.). However using a gamepad, again, fixes the issue.The developers claim that since the update connectivity issues, infinite loading screens, and black screens have been fixed, I find that it is not quite so. In the few hours of gameplay since the update, I've faced opponents that have had obvious connectivity issues, in one particular fight, one even disappeard mid-fight, however I have seen a serious decrease in infinite loading screens.The update was moderately successful in regards to connectivity issues, but has not adressed, at all, the glaring KBM issues. I'd have been satisfied with an option to rebind the controls.[OLD][TL;DR] KBM controls are horrible, recommend only to players used to using gamepads.After playing a while now, I've found that Absolver has the potential of a great fighting game.The art style, music, and a few gorgeous sights overall create a pleasant and enjoyable atmosphere. The unique level design, and the fact that there is no minimap, contribute greatly to the sense of mystery already perpetuated by (or lack thereof) a rudimentary story.The animations are smooth and good-looking and flow nicely.There is, however, a major flaw in the gameplay.While the combat looks incredible, and is very, very satisfying, the Keyboard and Mouse controls are abysmal. Especially controls for Block, Dodge, and Absorb, which are bound to various mouse movements. While there is full gamepad support, and one may easily switch to one, such flaws in a 30$ game simply should not exist. The controls are clunky and at times feel unresponsive, and even the developers themselves advise using a gamepad, meaning that they are fully aware of the horrendous state KBM controls are in.In the early stages of the game one might not notice the awkwardness of KBM controls, however in late game 1v1 PVP modes, the weird, stragenly unresponsive controls start to put KBM players at a major disadvantage. The above metioned Block, Dodge, and Absorb abilities are very unreliable to use, but are a major part of combat, as each respective ability may stop and turn the tide of the match.Aside from KBM controls, the occurences of infinite loading screens and black screens in PVP contribute greatly to the (non-existing) immersion, in that you have to restart the game after every second match or so."
,Not Recommended,473690,34750426,Posted: 4 September,all,Dante,"I really want to say this game is great, and the combat and controls are great.Everything is very tight, motion and combat is great.The deck building is fantastic, and really fun trying to come up with new ideas and concepts.The reason why it isnt, is that 80% of the content is multiplayer, and I've been able to connect to the servers for a total of 1 hour.This game has potential, and could be really great, but for the moment it feels like an early access game, should have had a bit longer to develop and make sure there is some server stability."
76561198066361196,Recommended,473690,34688798,Posted: 2 September,all,ahnsan,"If you are thinking about buying this game and see all the not recommended reviews, its mostly because of server issues and region locks. Besides that I personally think this game is extremely fun and challenging. It is fairly easy to learn but it is extremely hard to master. The combat system is unique in that it has different stances leading to a certain attack which leads to another attack making attacks flow and creating a combo. Also creating your own combos and creating a way for it to transist into another combo is unique and pretty cool. Combat is also heavily depended on timing and reacting to your opponent. Developers are also coming out with new content such as new styles and adding more moves on the already massive movesets. Also developers are rather quick on updating and trying patch issues.The only issues I find is the camera can be annoying when stuck against a wall, hard to fight 3+ NPC and I feel the combat with computers should be primarily 1v1, and the map is rather confusing and finding your way around is annoying.Final consensus is if your looking for a challenging, combat heavy, unique game. Then buy this game."
,Recommended,473690,34693493,Posted: 2 September,all,tiborgmd,"I don't know where to start...The PvE experience is very well made and it's story is very interesting, though it is very short.I love the idea that you can learn other people's attacks just by blocking and observing, i find it quite realistic.The PvP experience is very fun but it lacks content, but im sure more of it is coming soon.My opinion:PvE - 5PvP - 7Gameplay - 10Graphics - 8Overall - 7.5/10"
76561198020437447,Not Recommended,473690,34786009,Posted: 6 September,all,THE DARK LORD PAZUZU,"As the game is right now i cannot recomend it. Though I dont have many problems with connectivity (save during launch) I have sarted to notice it recently and have seen many others complain alot as well. But here are my pros and cons.Pros:1. The diffrent styles and combat decks offer great variaty in ways to play pve (at first)2. Great visuals and runs pretty well, even on my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥laptop.3. Story is good but short4. The bosses are all fun and interesting and possibly the best part of the game.Cons:1. The devs have never heard of balance. The only way to win multiplayer is to make a super speedy deck, strip naked, and smash your face against the keyboard.2. The story is good but it is faaaaar too short, I beat it in 5 hours.3. No way to re-alocate stats,  the only way is to make a new character.4. The bosses (which are the best part of the game) are locked behind ranking up in the multiplayer. So if you can't connect to the servers, or don't want to get stunlocked into the shadow relm by XxLoLLiesArEgaYxX (that was legit someones name btw) then you are bum ♥♥♥♥ outta luck arn't ya.In short dont buy the game because balance doesn't exist and going tanky and slow does not work because ""Miyazaki add poise"".Suggested Changes:1. ADD POISE2. ADD MORE POSE3. Consecutive attacks consume more and more stamina to discourage spamming4. more story5. Make all the content of the game availible ofline by getting rid of the required ranks to re play the bosses"
76561197971461804,Recommended,473690,34737810,Posted: 4 September,all,Dimsun,"TL;DR: The fighting and world are well crafted with some minor bugs. The PvE is experimental, with the world and experience being your story more than the actual narrative. 8/10. I would definately buy this game if you like martial arts and if you like old martial arts movies/stories.I understand this game can be very polarising, but the game has surprised me to such a degree that I felt like giving my two cents on the PvE and PvP parts of the game.The PvE is itself two parts. There is the story, which as you have read by now is quite minimalist, and there is the actual world you play in. This world is acts as a place to meet other players as well as enemies to face even when the story is finished. Some people complain about the shortness of the story. While this is understandable it does really nail the feeling of a genuine martial arts narrative.The narrative is like many chinese martial arts movies about proving yourself as a fighter.The story itself to me is completely ingrained in the world and the player experience, as you are able to continue learning moves and start your own school after the main narrative.Effectively this means that if you see the whole world and experience as the story you'll have a much more rewarding experience, as the world seems to be set up to really fill in the gaps with personal experience. I realise this is very much an experiment, and for some people this might be a failure. I personally think the developers got it spot on.The PvP part of the game is excellent. There is sporadic PvP happening throughout the main world, depending on what players choose. I have yet to see any real ganking or trolling, people tent to ress each other after combat (which everyone can do for anyone). There is no chat, but there is a streamlined emote-wheel which does the trick when it comes to player interaction. My interactions with other players have been pleasent, and less pleasant players don't break the game. Dying has no penalty. It does not cause loss of progress and there are plenty of checkpoints to respawn at. The fighting mechanic is the deepest I have seen in any game so far, and I am barely scratching the surface.There is however a steep learning curve, so you have to be willing to put in effort to get most out of the game. Some reviewers have complained about people blocking all the time or exploiting a single move, but there are ways around every fighting style. It seems to me like people complaining about this haven't really gone deep enough into their own style yet. I don't want to say 'get good', but I am warning other people that these reviews do not represent my experiences with the game. The 1v1 combat is instanced, but takes place in areas you will be familiar with if you've played through the story.The design and atmosphere are as well crafted as the fighting styles, but this is of course partly a matter of taste. If you are familiar with martial arts you will recognise a lot of moves. A lot of love has gone in to this. There are server performance bugs, the gameplay itself is well optimised. There is one bug that is not server related right now (4/9/2017) that causes the loading screen to get stuck in a black screen while respawning on occasion. The devs have responded to it all and are working on it. They seem to be invested in the community. I would say the bugs are minor and probably will be adressed.8/10 with bugs. 9/10 if they adress them properly."
,Recommended,473690,34677998,Posted: 1 September,all,AnAverageAlex,"A very ""hit or miss"" kinda game. You're either going to find it repetitive or great. The reason you'd find it repetitive is because the campaign is short, and to me, it's more like a tutorial. To me it's just a multiplayer game. If you don't want to take the time to learn the intricacies of the game, don't get it. It takes a lot of practice and it's frustrating at times. I am the type of person who sees a game like this and wants to be one of the best at it. I want to learn everything, what works and what doesn't, as well as getting the timing for everything right. I think that that the fights in this game feel like a dance. Very rythmetic and delibrate. That's only, of course, if both players are rather good."
,Recommended,473690,34670879,Posted: 1 September,all,Exxxy,"The lonely and quiet atmosphere is, in a weird way, very addiciting. Loving this game so far."
76561198083784146,Not Recommended,473690,34589239,Posted: 29 August,all,Verminator,Do not buy if you live in Oceania
76561198031494442,Recommended,473690,34583715,Posted: 29 August,all,Kryl@byt,"Absolver, that one punching game.This is just some of my thoughts about the game so far.First of I'm just going to put it here that yes, the game does make you feel like this awesome martial artist badass.Absolver is one of those games where people will label it as a ""Dark Souls"" type of games. In a way, it feels like it but I can assure you it's not.Absolver is straight up a melee only game, so far I haven't encountered an archer type NPC, thus making it exciting but at the same time difficult. At least the game doesn't punish you, the only punishment is that you have to trek back to the place you just died and encounter the NPC you killed (not sure if NPC respawns after death sometimes it does other times it doesn't). The beauty of this is that the game encourages you to keep fighting, cause the more you fight the more experience you get both literally and figuratively.The literal part is that you can learn a new move by simply fighting an NPC, players or your mentors even, it slowly adds experience in the circle bar.Yes, you can be a Jedi and teach your Padawans.The combat of the game feels fluid and yes it feels amazing. at first its kinda tricky to understand the combat mechanics on how the four stance work and the combat deck, oh god that took me awhile to figure out what it means, but eventually, after screwing around a bit, you'll get used to it and have a certain feel on what kind of combos you want to build in your stance.Lock-on feature in the game is simple but at times it does get glitchy as ♥♥♥♥ by that I mean, it lock-off from an NPC or players and targets an NPC that's not even in range. Just like the combat mechanic after screwing around for a bit, not only is it easy to use but in a fight against multiple NPC or players, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ being able to switch targets on the fly and focusing down on all of them gives of this badass feeling, like one of those kung fu movies.So far interaction with the others ""seamless"" players, game alerts you at the bottom right telling you who you're playing with, really depends on you. I've encountered players that roam around the area with me and basically tag team the NPC. Its actually fun and no I haven't met any players who wanted to fight, maybe because it just release, but regardless how they made the multiplayer for the game is great but the connection for it sucks♥♥♥♥♥ No, it literally sucks♥♥♥♥♥ I had the NPC killing me when I was running away, after realising they're teleporting everywhere, from them and just straight up died back at the spot I encountered them originally.So yeah the biggest issue is definitely the connection. Don't bother setting the online option to invitation only, whenever you enter a new area or zone, it'll reset back to its default.This is just an early thoughts of what I was observing and feeling when playing the game. I'll make an actual review when I beat the game."
76561198277344422,Recommended,473690,34875741,Posted: 10 September,all,[ DorkyDarko ],I dont understand why this has a mix review. This is a fantastic little game. Dont let the reviews fool you. Netcode can go wild sometimes but its very rare. Just wish the game was longer.
,Recommended,473690,34582421,Posted: 29 August,all,SAD Zatch,"So far there's a lot of mixed reviews surrounding this game. Personally, I find it to be a very enjoyable 3D fighting game with a gorgeous art style. I haven't had too many problems involving server lag as of yet, and the combat is pretty satisfying. This game excels in multiplayer pvp, its crown jewel. The only worry I have is a lack of fresh content being added in to keep the playerbase relatively high, but seeing as the devs are planning many future updates, that shouldn't be a problem at all. This is a solid game, and if you like building your own op moveset to beat up random people, this game is for you.EDIT: Servers are up and down because of the influx of players. This is a dev team of like 25 people. Be patient, guys."
,Recommended,473690,35083752,Posted: 20 September,all,ChaosMango,"TL;DR:Great concept, poor execution. Wait for more content or a sale before buying, it's fun for a day or two in its current state.Overall I'd recommend Absolver, but in its current state expect it to feel like Early Access.- The reason for that is the lack of content, mainly for PVE. On average it shouldn't take you longer than 2 sittings to finish the main story. On top of that most encounters are poorly balanced. Playing the game by yourself you'll have trouble with certain bosses and normal mobs. Team up with someone and the same opponents will be a piece of cake.- Once you're done with the ""story"" all that is left to do is grinding for gear and new moves, may it be in PVE or PVP. Latter being unbalanced currently, probably due to the lack of players.+ That being said the game is still worth looking into for multiple reasons. Firstly: The high diversity in fighting-styles and gear. Every player decides for themselves how to skill their character and how to customize their move-list, meaning PVP has the potential of being challenging in new ways every time you face a different opponent. The same goes for equipment , especially masks. Most can only be obtained as random drops in PVP. This might sound too grindy, but the gear is mostly cosmetic, so all it does is increase the individuality of players.+ Secondly: The fighting mechanics Absolver offers are fluid and easy to learn, but hard to master, especially if the class you chose doesn't fit your fighting style very well. Overall it is very satisfying to win fights with your own developed style.+ Finally: The immersion. First time I played, 6 hours had passed before I looked at the clock. There's a lot to discover and to learn in this game, which makes you wish for more than it currently offers."
,Recommended,473690,34695395,Posted: 2 September,all,celerypie,"never played a pvp game with more satisfying combat. every hit counts and matches feel more like chess than fighting.oh, and you can b1tchslap your oponents off a cliff."
,Not Recommended,473690,34697721,Posted: 2 September,all,Rico,"Absolver in a nutshell as of right now:Pros:* Somewhat interesting combat and deckbuilding for your fighter. This is sadly however brought down due to the fact that fast move decks are basically 100% better than slow move decks. Period.* Graphics are ok. Decent amount of looks customization* New concept, novel idea.* Feint system works nicely, as does the countering... when it works.Cons:* Horrible connectivity issues. Thought For Honor was bad? Wait until you can't even play the game online. Then wait until you can, and then the game decides to migrate you to some new host while you're fighting a boss you spent 10 mintues or so, trying to learn moves from. Then the boss dissapears, and so did your progress. Then wait until you get migrated to another session again and find out you can't fight anything because your character can no longer attack now. Then find out no other way than to quit the game to fix it. Then stop playing for the day altogether because you're annoyed and frustrated.* Terrible matchmaking. Are you a new player trying to learn the game, level 5, no moves, barely able to move? You will get matchmade in 1v1 matches against someone who already beat the game, is level 35, has all the moves, fully geared out, and plays at the highest levels. Literally no matchmaking was put in place.* Really short singleplayer/non 1v1 pvp content. You will beat the game probably within a day, maybe two if you spend your time farming every move you don't know. That is assuming you don't run into those other problems from before. There is literally nothing to do in the game after you beat it in 5 hours other than 1v1 combat with said terrible matchmaking.* Customization of moves/combat appears to be endless... until you find out only a few moves and styles of play are actually worth using.* Terrible level design. You will get lost. You will spend hours running around trying to find the next place to go (I guess at least that increases the amount of hours you get from SP). You will get frustrated. You will die endlessly to encounters designed around online play, which doesn't work about 90% of the time.* You will fall off ledges all the time. All the time. Additionally there are some cancerous 1v1 arenas which have edges everywhere. Even if you push your opponent off, you will likely fall right with them as most moves move you forward as you hit and you cannot dash backwards easily after the fact.* The worst camera in any game ever when you are in enclosed spaces. Seriously, who the ♥♥♥♥ thought that camera was OK to release like that? If you end up near a wall, you will eat a huge amount of free damage. Not because your opponent is good... because you opponent is likely spamming super fast moves and you can't even see what they are because the wall is in your way. Oh and then it will start spazzing out and spinning in the air. Seriously, I have not seen a camera this bad in a loooooong time.* AI that runs back and forth MMO style when you run out of aggro  range. Said aggro range will sometimes seem consistent, but then you'll get into a fight with an enemy, they will almost die, then decide to run back to their spawn midcombat and regen a bunch of health. That wouldn't be so bad, except you don't regen your health. So then any progress you made to learning moves essentially is wasted. Yay more grinding due to broken systems.* Cheating - Saves are apparently stored locally, which means they can be easily editable. Look around the net to see examples, you will find them easily. This is kind of important for a fighting game.Would I recommend this game to a friend? No, and I recommended For Honor to them. That should tell you the current state of Absolver at the moment. Tons of online problems, lack of endgame content,  bad matchmaking, unbalanced movesets, cheating, the worst camera in any fighting game in recent years, developers who release a game and charge money for a region which they have no servers for (and therefore game is unplayable  in AUS region).No, don't buy Absolver. Wait and see what happens. I'm past my refund period but you should save your money. This game looks better from the outside than it actually is."
,Recommended,473690,34804252,Posted: 7 September,all,SlowWolf,"Absolver is a game that is ambitious to its core. The sights, the sounds, the mechanics, all of them reach towards something great. It is impressive, and I find it easy to recognize how hard Absolver tried to make a name for itself. I also find is easy to recognize that Absolver may have tripped over itself in excitement in some areas, and would like to explore how and why. I would like to mention now that I will be covering spoilery material, and if you're not up for that, then be advised that's where I'm headed. If we're all good with that, let's continue.Absolver is self-described as an online multiplayer combat game. Sloclap, the developers, do themselves a disservice by describing their game this way. It is absolutely those things, but it is better described as a brilliant 3rd person fighting game wearing the skin of a 3rd person adventure game like a cheap, old coat worn by someone for a very long time before it was ripped off their cold, dead corpse. Granted, that's not as easy to market, but that's what it is.Absolver's story takes place in a land called Adal. A long time ago, disaster struck; this disaster, called the Downfall (not very original, but functional regardless), destroyed the old Adal empire, leaving many dead and few still living. The few left living created a new ruling caste, the Guides, who live on top of a mountain. Like most old martial arts super guru hermits, they are hard to get to. The player is one of the few who have managed this journey, and taken on the role of Prospect. The Guides send Prospects back to Adal wearing a mask which removes the need to eat or sleep, and prevents the wearer from dying. As one of these Prospects, the player is chosen to go back to Adal, and prove their worth by killing a dozen ""marked ones,"" earning experience and leveling up along the way in a traditional action-adventure style. Accomplishing this will grant them the rank of Absolver, the Absolvers being an elite group of martial artists who serve the Guides in some way.The appeal of the world isn't to do with story, though. Not really. It's not a very big game based on content alone, but that doesn't stop the game from standing out. There are two big factors in Absolver's appeal that gives it a lasting and ambitious impression; first, there's the combat system, and second, the in-and-out multiplayer aspect of the world.Absolver has a 2 button attack system. Just 2. It's a simple system where one button uses a chain of attacks, and the other uses an alternate attack. It's elegant and easy to use. Despite having only 2 buttons for offense, the system itself is startlingly deep when you add the additional systems involved.The attacks themselves are determined by something called a ""combat deck,"" which is effectively a completely customizable movelist. Once a character has enough experience, each stance in a combat deck can accommodate up to three chained attacks that go in sequence from left to right, as well as one alternate attack. Since there are four stances, a combat deck can consist of up to 12 chained attacks and 4 alternate attacks, for a potential total of 16 attacks in a deck. Each attack has to start in a certain stance, and ends in a different one, which allows players to chain more than just one stance's worth of attacks in a row. Consequently, a combat deck can be built to player preference, either to flow around the entire deck for a continuous barrage or have several smaller combos, whichever the player prefers. There are so many different ways to build a combat deck that it's either very daunting or very exciting to tinker with the huge number of options available, and I haven't yet mentioned that every individual move in the game also has their own unique animations, power, speed, range, and can have other special attributes such as guardbreaking, super armour, or whether it can avoid certain moves during the attack, to name a few. The amount of variation possible between different combat decks is dizzying.Thankfully, it doesn't have to be complex; players can simply choose to have less moves in their combat deck. There's less potential for interesting synergies and movesets, but it's still entirely effective and much easier to work with.Players have 3 defensive options available to them at any time: blocking, dodging, and style defenses. Blocking is simple enough; the player blocks so long as they hold the button down. Blocking an attack costs stamina, with weaker attacks using less stamina to block than bigger ones. Dodging is a quick movement in a direction of the player's choice. Dodging is quick and costs a small amount of stamina to use, but is has no invincibility frames. This means it’s a purely positional defense; if the player makes a mistake, it's usually punished by the attack they meant to dodge in the first place. Style defenses come in several varieties, unique to the style being used, though they all have the same philosophical idea: high risk, high reward. Used correctly, they can turn the tide of a fight.While out in the world, every section of the world works like a small instance with a revolving door of people that leave and enter, with a maximum of 3 people being in any one area at a time. Unlike an MMO where seeing another player is a dime-a-dozen moment, Absolver's player interactions are unique opportunities for emergent gameplay. It's a genuine feeling of the unknown; players can attack you at any time, whether in co-op mode or not. Coupled with a seemingly deliberately minimal emote system, which is the only non-violent means of communication, Absolver's playerbase must make their actions speak for them.I was standing in the Oratian Quarter on top of one of the buildings, admiring the view. It's truly still a spectacular world, and I was appreciating that I could see the coloseum and the harbour, the neighbouring areas, by using a high vantage point, an actual navigation technique. And then, a random player just attacked me from behind, almost pushing me off the edge of the building. Swinging around with a dodge, I immediately broke into several kicks and then backed off. A bright flash of light later, I stood with my sword in hand, and waited to see his response. Several moments passed. Eventually, his stance relaxed, and I dropped my focus and folded my sword away. I gave him a thumbs up, the ""yeah"" emote. The other player hung his head, slumped his shoulders (the ""sad"" emote), and without warning ran off the edge of the building, killing himself. He ran by a few moments later after respawning without so much as a wave, and continued on his way. I hadn't laughed so hard in days.Absolver also features, at the time of this writing, a 1 on 1, best of 5 PvP mode that works like online matchmaking. It works well, when connections allow, and is a lot of fun most of the time. It can be overwhelming to new players though, so players who give themselves room to fail and learn. The benefits of competing in the combat trials include rare gear, and opportunities to battle certain bosses again.Sloclap are still currently developing Absolver for several months into the future, which is reassuring. I just find myself wishing that the developers had made a thoughtful game to be supported by the robust combat system, rather than a combat system showcased by some game. Although this may come across as fortune cookie nonsense, it's clear to me that Absolver is a strong and capable game that lacks focus and balance in all of its many aspects."
76561198046680048,Recommended,473690,34672669,Posted: 1 September,all,Endertreyu,"Fun pvp, better than for honor."
,Recommended,473690,34611449,Posted: 30 August,all,Zhev,Martial-souls
,Not Recommended,473690,34585500,Posted: 29 August,all,Leows,"Nice game, but no way to remap important keybinds, at least with keyboard and mouse. This is basically a fighting game that you can't rebind keys. Wish I could play it, but can't.Edit: To clarify, the keys you can't rebind are the class special skills such as dodge or parry. The only input alowed for that is mouse movement. And the stance change keys too. The game is fine if you have or like a controller, but if you don't just steer clear of it for the time being."
,Not Recommended,473690,35108012,Posted: 21 September,all,Optional,"While I love the aesthetics and gameplay of this game myself, you should be aware that some parts of this game just need a large player base to work properly. Exploring the world and unlocking new moves is great, but when you need the help of other players to beat a boss, with no other players around, it just becomes frustrating.Next to that, there's the 1v1 matches, which first were inaccessable due to server issues. Luckily, this has been fixed (in the EU region, at least) but now that I finally got on them, there's just a handful of players on it. Because of this, matchmaking just doesn't work well and new players will get matched up with level 40 players, making this a rather irritating experience.Most of these issues can be resolved by either getting a larger player base, or getting better at the game, so if you happen to be a star at fighters like this one, knock yourself out (har har). If not, and you're just your average gamer who wants to have a good time, you might want to reconsider spending money on this."
,Not Recommended,473690,34678940,Posted: 2 September,all,jackydb,"Do not buy this game if you live in Australia.Don't get me wrong, single player is very good, mechanics are sharp and acurate and gameplay is satisfying, but single player only in a multiplayer-driven game, gets boring fast..Unfortunately the fact that online is near impossible to play in Australia(even with our fastest provider), means I will probably give it a few more hours then chuck it in the uninstalled pile if I can't get a refund.I don't suggest buying this unless you are sure the game has servers in your country/area.Australia doesn't have servers, dev's have to stop forgetting about us criminals down under, they're bascially boycotting an entire continent."
,Recommended,473690,34700853,Posted: 2 September,all,ErA | Erronlol,"Personally i dont mind the issues in the 1st couple days, its to be expected by a dev team as small as sloclap, just be patient and they will fix your servers."
,Not Recommended,473690,34719231,Posted: 3 September,all,Akkarin,"I'm sure it's fine if you're in america or Europe.As an australian this game is completely unplayable at this time.They stated that Oceanic servers would be available.If so their region picking system is awful. There is no region select in game either.If you're Australian, don't bother. Refunded."
76561197962318489,Recommended,473690,34668591,Posted: 1 September,all,BloodMerc,A really cool fighting game where you create your own moveset.
,Not Recommended,473690,34728302,Posted: 3 September,all,Sage Josh,"I do not get why this game wasnt in early access. It is one of the few games that would fit the criteria perfectly, it looks finished but needs the rest of it's features and a bunch of bugs ironed out. Untill the promised update that will introduce new areas, 3v3s and 1v1 ranked I would not recomend getting this game. When that happens (the network issues and bugs should hopefully be ironed out by then too) I will change this to a thumbs up. any one who really loved the concept of the game probably already bought it so if you are on the fence with this game then i would wait.This game's combat is amazing! you can play a fast dodge/ parry oriented build where you basically lock people into long combos, make a heavy hitting brawler type where you slam your opponents for high damage when they make a mistake as well as many other fighting styles. The bosses (which there are 3 of unfortunatly) all feel different and like they bring seperate challanges to the game. the character customization is awesome as well. however there are a ton of bugs and shortcomings that make this game not so great.between the bugs, network issues and the super bland and short storyline the game dosnt really have too many redeeming qualities at the moment. If you want a martial arts based ""souls esc"" story then you will get that...for about 4-6 hours. if you want to say that its more of an online fighting game and PvP is where it is at, then you are going to have to wait for the servers to actually be up, hopefully not get hardcore lag and pray you dont get stuck in an infinate loading screen when you either load into or out of a match.That and the 2 maps that have pitfalls reminds me too much of for honor's PvP where you just throw each other off the cliff and dont actually try and fight....bad map devs, bad!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34588302,Posted: 29 August,all,420 booty wizard,"4 hours in, so far an incredibly buggy experience. I've fallen through the ground several times, had enemies with broken animations string together invisible unavoidable combos, and on two occasions after dying in a boss fight could not pick retry or cancel or open any menus, forcing me to close the game. When the game functions correctly it's okay, but I've had enough problems with it in my short experience with it so far to tell you to stay away until it gets fixed."
,Recommended,473690,34637439,Posted: 31 August,all,Nihil Reich,"played for 19 hours and didn't encounter any bugs the people are talking about, the only downside of this game can be the size of its PVE content but thats also understandable since its a PVP focused game, the game turned out to be way better than i expected and im enjoying it a lot tbh."
76561197974770053,Not Recommended,473690,34754460,Posted: 5 September,all,Big Shooter,"A beautiful free form fighter which is one of the strangest ideas to ever be implemented by a legitimate video game studio. The idea sounds good on paper - a build-your-own fighter game with beautiful graphics and deep controls. However, the fact that games develop a ""meta"" leaves absolver in a very funny place. Either create your fighter in a cheap and well-defined manner, or lose fight after fight because the developers are unable to balance the mass array of moves put in to the game (who can blame them). What your left with is the same top players spamming the same top moves and using the same defensive style to gain wins while any other player using a non-cookie cutter build is punished heavily. Currently the game encourages a hugely spammy, deeply unstrategic, and cheap style.Furthermore, this game is content bare. The gameplay is great and deeply satisfying, but aside from 3 bosses, 7 or so minibosses, and an uninteresting but beautiful ""open world"", there really is a lack of meaningful enemy types, environments, and interaction. The game world feels about as disconnected from the player as I've seen from a game in a fully released state. You can fight people, you can loot 2 different objects in the world and you can interact with a dark souls like bonfire to check stats, equipment, and access pvp. The open world is really not an open world at all, but a diorama you fight in. Nothing works. There are no doors. There are no switches. There is nothing to do but fight. Why does this world exist at all? Because Absolver would be even shallower without it.In the end the game has a variety of problems that will only be solved with serious post release support, not to mention serious server instability and lag in matchmaking. The foundation is solid, but I'm unsure if the game can work at all while still making complete use of the fighting system's complexity. As is, I fear the ""meta"" will be the death of a game like Absolver which offers more illusion of choice than choice itself. If sloclap can nerf spam decks and create some real incentives to use a variety of different moves, then Absolver will surely benefit and my review will change accordingly."
,Recommended,473690,34585365,Posted: 29 August,all,EOS,"So far my experience with absolver has been very enjoyable.  Both the artstyle and the gameplay have made me happy with my purchase. The atmoshpherics along with what I found to be lovely sound effects really bring the absolver world to life and on the occasion when you just stop to enjoy the view it really added to experience. The gameplay, mainly combat, feels very deep and rewarding whilst also challenging. It really feels like a well-rounded fighting game that I hope to enjoy for a long time.I would reccomend a purchase if you where considering it and keep in mind, although I personally have not had any issues, that connection issues are likely to be fixed in the near future."
,Recommended,473690,34622708,Posted: 30 August,all,Chivalrous Echo,"Enjoyable gameplay, but nothing to really drawn you in and entice you to keep going. If you're an DS player, you'll feel right at home dash/dodging and timing your moves. I love the style of learning and the random encounters with other players (nothing like being helped by a stranger and then beaten to death as you try to bow). I'm excited for the upcoming content and hope for a more in-depth story. While the game has potential, it feels wrong to say that about a released $30 game. It still feels like an EA. I would recommend the game, but at a discount."
,Not Recommended,473690,34755738,Posted: 5 September,all,Tyger Eyes,"At the moment, I cannot recommend this game what-so-ever as it is unplayable as intended and the off-line mode offers only the basics.POSITIVES:On the positive, I have to say that it is a great little game when it worked (about two days for me given when I purchased it). I warn you... it is a very simple game with tiny maps even when fully operational though this is not a bad thing as there is precious little guiding you in your wanderings and no cartography skill (aka your character does not carry a map though there are a few in cryptic in game maps on large stone slabs).What stands out is the incredibly detailed and highly customizable marital combat forms (though again there is virtually no guidance on how to construct a form,... much less an effective form,... much less when and how to start to build your own school). It is not that there are not poorly detailed and vague references, but no honest-to-goodness explanations.  In any case, it would be very enjoyable though I do think the current price point is too high for the content (take $10.00 off each and fine).  Even fully functional, it is early release at best given some game balance issues (see below).  It is much more reasonable -- if their promised content-to-come works out - dungeons, group play, and bigger environment once you complete training.It seems like this game, while the highly developed combat system is reasonably flushed out, is really the introduction section - like the pre-game training section or Act 1 of say 3. When it works, it is a great Act 1.NEGATIVESMAJOR SERVER ISSUES (ONLINE MODE - MAIN GAME - UNPLAYABLE):Withing 2-days of my purchase (and not much more from original release date), the game is rendered unworkable because the online mode cannot be played with ongoing server issues. If it were a $10-$20 early release, we know what we are getting... however, for an official release, it is poor - indie or not. If you are not ready for the primary time, then do not 'officially release' game - alpha, beta, and early release under development - and charge $10-$20 (not $30-$40 and say it is officially released).Special Note: Some fools in discussion claim servers in Houston, TX (and post hurricane issues); however, from what I understand the game was released 2-days after the hurricane hit. So, it was a stupid move - had they said - release date delayed due to hurricane - fine. Once you decide to release knowing what you know - you are responsible. Serious game developers need to have alternative servers for major world release and should be able transfer to functional servers fairly quickly.OTHER ISSUES:One of the most unfortunate issues with server problems outside of the problem by it self is... developers are struggling to solve this problem rather than working on other serious game issues.1 -  PvP DOES NOT WORK (SERVER PROBLEM):PvP is the core of the game despite a minor off-line game component which does allow your character to advance on a personal leveling and learn marital arts style by basically standing there and absorbing punches and kicks for a while before defeating opponent (which you must do to retain memory of what you learned in that combat if you lose memories are lost). Unfortunately, unless you are online, you cannot advance your character through trial by combat which is the major aspect of this PvP Game.2 - CONTENT (VERY LIMITED & LITTLE GUIDANCE):At the present moment, Absolver has one main temple hub region and two small map areas with three small regions per map (about the size of a a single large dungeon in a top notch dungeon crawler in total for the entire game).  In addition, Absolver has several arenas in which 1:1 PvP take place. Although the maps are wind about and present a bit of a challenge to learn they are not extensive and you end up running through the same maps and areas many, many times to level and rank your player - so replayability with second character is even more boring. It has just about zero back drop or storyline with only vague references hinting at a storyline that could be developed.It is precisely this aspects (aside from major server issues on release) that has me place this game into what should have been an EARLY RELEASE GAME.  It is no where near a full release game - period.  It is true that the game developers promise 3:3 PvP and dungeons as one would assume a more developed storyline, etc., but absent these it is not 'finished.'  As I note later, I would suggest that the content is on the level of the 'pre-game' where you build-up a character and learn mechanics or Act 1 in a 3 Act Game.3 - COMBAT GAME BALANCEAt the present moment, the 'fast class players' have an extreme advantage for several reasons (a) game mechanics have overpowered this class (assuming no other problems, but there are other problems...), (b) game mechanics do not internally compensate for timing differences with connection speed which is essential for a game that is pretty much PvP (again serious games factor it in...), and (c) with ongoing server issues... when you do connect... lagging, dropped games, and poor and shaky connections only amplify this problem. Servers aside this is a fairly major issue.4 - HACKED PLAYERS""Fast Class Players"" are a game mechanics issue aside from 'hacked players.' I have encountered a few players - named and 'unnamed' attempting to blend in with enemies who were impossible to defeat and I do not mean in terms of an overpowered class.   I should be clear the enemies would they were hiding among where easily damaged so it was not a server or software glitch - only the ONE character was virtually invulnerable.  How do you know? I was max leveled and fought them along side two other players one of whom was also max level and the 'hacked' player took no damage most of the battle and in the end had only a finger nail width of damage on full hit point bar - this is just not possible.    HACKED PLAYERS = SECURITY ISSUES.SUMMARY:I understand indie game developers. I love ""The Long Dark,"" ""Pillars of Eternity,"" and ""Subnautica"" and cherish these games - TLD & Sub are both long standing early release development games and Pillars was a major game companies 'crowd funded pet project.' I have also enjoyed ""Examina"" which as been painfully difficult to play (very challenging and unforgiving) and slow as an early release. So, I do know and have patience for such games....With that said, I have to say that these games were all early release when I bought them and priced extremely fair for early release and given the massive amount of content available at them time of release ($20 or less). Moreover, these games were almost always extremely stable and fully playable (servers) and glitches with video cards - identified, owned, and fixed within days.In truth, Absolver IS NOT READY - even as an indie game by a small company - for FULL RELEASE and, given limited content (even when servers worked), OVER PRICED (i.e., should be $9.99 to $19.99 and Early Release). Game developers need: (a) Content, (b) Game Mechanics Balance (PvP Factor In Connection Speed), (c) Game Mechanics Balance (Internal - Fast Class & Stagger School - Way To Powerful), and (d) Server Problems.Game developers should have done early release and waited and done more crowd funding to pay bills in interim. During this time, they would have been able to get feedback about PvP (Server Side Speed Balance) and on overpowered classes and other factors. I forgive a lot for fairly priced early release under development games. I DO NOT FOR FULL RELEASE & FULL PRICED GAMES.If you are going to 'full release' and charge $30 (29.99) to $40 (39.99), I do not care if you are 'indie' you want to swim in the big leagues and play with the big boys in terms of price and full release - SO GAME FAILS!"
,Recommended,473690,34600725,Posted: 30 August,all,Sir Fat Seal,Best hamon user simulator.0.5 / 1 Zeppeli .
76561198071832778,Not Recommended,473690,35113754,Posted: 21 September,all,Phinix_Gravin,"17 hours in, game freezes save corrupted. Have to start over dont know if i really want to."
,Not Recommended,473690,35116342,Posted: 21 September,all,҂Siģtrаn҂,"There were connection issues before, but since 1.06 its just constant input delay and loading screen.. oh mhy... Just got killed by an invisible man...  (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻Awesome game, killed for me by cheaters, lags, disconnects and 5 minute loading screens. ლ(ಠ益ಠ)ლ#uninstall."
,Recommended,473690,34626825,Posted: 30 August,all,SpyHunter,"Do the servers seem to go down as often as the wind changes? Absolutely. Does the game crash often? Sure. Does landing a hammer kick followed by a high spinning kick to the face, sending the body of my opponent flying across the room fill me with absolute joy? HELL YEAH. Those first two might get resolved by the devs, the last one can't be done in too many other games. Hope the devs can iron this out. Also be warned there aren't really ""servers"" and there is no cross region play. The game's endgame is PVP so feel free to ""try it"" through the GoG version but once you get hooked you'll have to re-learn all the moves you learned which can be kind of a pain at times."
,Recommended,473690,34584286,Posted: 29 August,all,WHEY PROTEIN POWDER,"Cross region doesn't work due to Region lock...Wich stops you from playing with friends from other regions.no way around this yet,heed these words before purchase.other then that this game is beautifully made, love the combat and the way they allow you so you can set up your own combat deck."
,Recommended,473690,34651660,Posted: 31 August,all,Big Money Salvia,"For Honor style combat without the ledge kill meta, Dark Souls style exploration, and a simple yet good enough story to keep the player driven from start to finish. Worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,473690,34588260,Posted: 29 August,all,NAVIDOG | $TEAMGIFTS.ir,its not a game.its a scam.
,Recommended,473690,34583749,Posted: 29 August,all,Ike,EU player. No lag. No issues.Just beating the hell out of the germans.
76561198055266710,Recommended,473690,34724590,Posted: 3 September,all,FAREHS,"This game has a promising future, love it."
,Recommended,473690,35032424,Posted: 17 September,all,Daigoji Gai,"Had a chance to review Kengo, Soulbringer and Godhand back in the day, and longed for a fighting game to take the ""build your own combo"" combat system from those games to the next level. Absolver does. It is a fantastic PVP/PVE game I know would have a community grow around it. Was well aware it was focused on PVE-lite (world map is really all about random encounters with other martial artists, ala a wuxia flavored world map) where martial heroes can encounter one another, train,  take on apprentices, make enemies and fight. While the ""story"" is short, I still find myself wondering around hoping to encounter another master and see what happens.More importantly, this is a solid foundation for growth. I can see new content in all forms in the future and the devs are committed to delivering it.11/10 The hype was real."
,Recommended,473690,34644911,Posted: 31 August,all,flowtheowl,Best figting game there is at the moment.
76561198324561727,Recommended,473690,34616945,Posted: 30 August,all,The baked bagel,"Here is my review for Absolver, with pro's and con's.Gameplay: this is where absolver shines, the unique fighting styles, tactical and challenging combat, and a high skil level, it is really something that you can get into fast.Art and Graphics: This is no Witcher 3 in terms of graphics, but what really brings you in is the art style, the beautiful landscapes and waterfalls, and just the look overall is amazing.Story: Not the best but its interesting and unique.World design: I see it being compared to dark souls, and while its not nearly on that level for me, it is very good world design with many different paths and side areas.Overall i would highly recommend this game to not just fighting game fans, but almost anyone, as i never really played many fighting game's, but im loving it so far.(Look at other's review's also as i have only played about an hour so far, so dont take only my opinion.)"
76561198189840194,Not Recommended,473690,34620559,Posted: 30 August,all,Z∑N,"This game is not polished.So unpolished in fact that I fell through the floor on multiple occasions.+Fluid Martial Arts combat.+smooth animation+unique movesets+/- Frame rate is locked at 60 with forced motion blur.-unpolised and buggy-not feature complete (lacking 3v3 modes, few character options, ect.)Wait for sale, or wait until it gets patched up, and turned into the game that should have launched in the first place."
76561198042120751,Recommended,473690,34593013,Posted: 29 August,all,Human5e,"The servers have been fixed in Australia and honestly this game is really really good. As soon as the game started with online working I ran into one of the areas of the game and me and this guy started beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other for a few minutes. After that we decided to team up, turns out he was actually new to the game so I thought I would help him out finding the secrets and bosses.We ran around the entire map fighting bosses and killing filthy NPCs which was honestly just a blast, had no idea who this guy was, no way to talk to him and still had a great time. The servers may not have worked in Australia at launch but now that they are working this game is seriously seriously good. Strongly reccomend anyone to pick up if you like games that are really about skill and thinking. The combat is fluid and the combat decks work super well. The game is incredibly well balanced for a game that was just released, I havent run into anything yet where I have gone ""hey thats bs that move should be nerfed.""My only real negative is that the map is a bit small but I suspect they will add more areas in future expansions."
76561198013299239,Recommended,473690,34609836,Posted: 30 August,all,AzgarthX,"cant wait for the dunkey gameplay! ITS A MASTAPEECE!On a more serious note, I love the game so far. The freedom to customize your combat style as you see fit is amazing and means that you have endless posibilities on how you want to fight. The game iis challenging and rewarding. It has sort of a dark souls feel to it since you roam around the world fighting enemies, and then a miniboss for each area. The world looks beautiful and has just enough complexity to captivate you but not overwhelm you. Give the game a try if you love fighting games in which you can create your own fighter."
,Recommended,473690,34828507,Posted: 8 September,all,NoGround,"So, when this game first released it was riddled with lag and connection issues. It was region locked and it had very little to do in the world. Now that the lag, server, and connection issues are fixed as of today, September 8th, the game is a lot more enjoyable.So, here's the thing. If you're looking for a 1v1 fighter that's easy to pick up and learn but difficult to master, this game is your game. The ability to create your own unique fighting ""deck"" is the best part of this game. Slowly learning the moves and then implementing them into your character to create a unique fighter of your very own is the best part about this game. The fights are intense and highly skill based.There are a few cons, such as region lock and small world, as well as content locked behind PvP. I recommend this game if you're looking for a PvP game, not PvE."
76561198076486215,Recommended,473690,34724080,Posted: 3 September,all,ITS A GIANT RAT♕,If you don't suck at fighting games get this.
76561198052597134,Recommended,473690,34603922,Posted: 30 August,all,Kuro,Absolver = A martial arts Dark Souls-ish pvp + pve.I love it!
,Recommended,473690,34606703,Posted: 30 August,all,Barry the Bounty Hunter,"TL;DRIts an incredibly great game, get it asap if you like excellent 1v1, PvP, PvE, Co-op and such. Aussie players be weary; possible network lag. All players beware; REGION LOCK and a few little bugs.ProsThis is just about the most fluid and responsive game I've ever played, the combat flows so brilliantly and is incredibly engaging and satisfying. The world is quite large and is easy to get lost in (a good and bad thing), especially without a map on hand. The single player experience is super challenging, though not very long, however, learning new moves from bosses and finding new gear is genuinly entertaining. There are heaps of moves and gear to gather; all with different stats, looks and styles.Cons: Network SituationI haven't experienced any network lag after the first day apart from being up against an opponent from another continent lol. I'm unsure if the lag has subsided for all Aussie players. Another bug is my PC controller doesn't work at all, but I'm pretty used to the keyboard controls, though I'd still recommend using a controller.Cons: Region LockAnother crushing flaw is the region lock; I can't play with my mates who maybe in Ameria and vice vera. I'm positive they'll sort this out but in the mean time I think I'd avoid this game if you want to play with you mates. I'm sure you can get in a game with a mate in your region, but 80% of my mates aren't from aus so..."
76561198306503062,Recommended,473690,34613050,Posted: 30 August,all,Dæmønæ,"it is indeed a very good game, tiring, stresful, dark souls like, but goddamn if it isnt fun as hell. highly recommend it to anyone who can run it and is ready to put in hours of practice into a piece of code! 10/10 will keep playing."
,Recommended,473690,34590178,Posted: 29 August,all,N0L1Mp0S,"This game is really beautiful. The unreal engine sure makes this game look stunning. I run everything on ultra with my gtx 970 and i5-3430 processor, it has some minor fps drops when people are joining and sometimes when you enter a new area but nothing big. The game is really hard. It doesn't hold your hand throughout the game but there are tips in the 'meditation' segment which you make your deck. The game finds a good balance in my opinion and I like it.I would rate it 85/100."
76561197970649200,Recommended,473690,34589905,Posted: 29 August,all,danpaladin,"Unique and incredible.  Update:  Haven't run into any server downtime since the patch.Even when I'm maxxed out on stats and armor, the AI can still provide challenge somehow due to everything being in the moves themselves.Lots of timing involved and lots of split second choices to make.  Due to simplicity of input (attack with X, X, X, X, X, X if you want, sometimes mixing in Y) you can potentially button mash but you'll be missing the point of this.  The game rewards skill in a variety of ways, one of those being timing between attacks and another between strategizing what you'll be doing.  The right stick on the controller can be flicked in different directions to activate whatever your class ability is, and sometimes you'll feint a move to get to your next combo row.You build your own movesets based on your desired playstyle, choose what and how much armor you're bringing as you find it around the world, and have fairly tense fights to the death with countless enemies.  There is 1v1 but that is often reserved for PVP - often in story, you'll be attacked by 2 or 3 enemies.  You'll get used to dodging/blocking/parrying these guys or die trying.  You can bring along a co-op buddy or two - or just find some roaming.As you build your moves out, you may find yourself thinking about all the possible strategies you might need to win.  Charge attacks to blast through flurries of fists, high or low spins to dodge while still throwing your feet out, hard hits that stop charge attacks, or really fast attacks to interrupt your enemies.There's a rage-meter type thing that allows for spells.  As you fight, you can build it up.  When you defeat bosses you can unlock different spells to slot.It's ""like Dark Souls"" in the sense that you can tinker with your build endlessly, and there are ruthless players running around who might just strike you at an inopportune time.  Or maybe you'll be running around with a couple strangers helping each other.  It's all free-flow, and friendly fire is always on.  Unlike Dark Souls, death has little consequence and gear does not determine your moves as much as you do.Lots to find.  I've put 50 hours into the game and I haven't learned all the moves yet.  I love PVP, and it appears there will be other modes as they are currently locked.  I'm still finding gear for my guy that's new and strategizing on how to learn more sword moves.The story mode itself is short, but as you rank up in PVP you can take the bosses on again for more unlocks.  PVP also grants rare unlocks sometimes, like cool masks.Looking forward to the additional content and modes.  Looking forward to server fixes and potentially more zones to explore.  Personally hoping for a cooperate horde mode of impossible odds."
,Recommended,473690,34589670,Posted: 29 August,all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),"I finished the first area of the game that contains 6 Mini Bosses and 2 BossesPros+ Unique fight mechanics+ Simple and cool art style+ Gameplay feels smooth+ Good mash of PvP/PvE+ You feel like a real martial arts fighterCons- Some connection issues when you are not in EU/NA (It will be fixed in an upcoming update)- Region locked (Didn't try myself)- Tutorial is not very clearOther= The Game is like Darksouls with the exploration aspect A.K.A no real map or sense of direction. Some people will like it and some will not.You will either love the game or think it is ok/bad, so go give a try and if you don't like it refund it."
76561197968561428,Not Recommended,473690,34592489,Posted: 29 August,all,Sunch0  Leodran,"Game has a glaring lack of PvE content, unintuitive key assignments and a very shaky tutorial. Had fun for the few hours of co-op gameplay it provided and some PvP bouts, until more content is added however, certainly not worth the pricetag unless you're an incredible fan of the artstyle, combat system and 1v1 fighting games in general.EDIT:I'll try to clarify a bit about the whole PvE thing, since it seems all comments so far are having tunnel vision on that part. Yes, I know the game has very bare bones PvE, which as intended since it is ultimately a pvp fighting game. However, given that is the only section where you can co-op play in and the only part for quite a few people that is playable due to network issues or blatant lack of regional server(s)(Bless you aussies). I figured it'd be a necessity to mention, since no doubt there will be people interested in that particular segment of the game as well, especially with people comparing the game to Dark Souls and the likes.That said, the game is great in what it intends to do, when everything works accordingly. Given that not being the case yet, resulting in a primairly 1v1 fighting game, subject to recurring network issues, I'm still inclined to keep it on 'not recommend'.Keep in mind this is all purely oppinion based on personal experience with the product thusfar and of course, is subject to change."
,Not Recommended,473690,34622461,Posted: 30 August,all,Syntallas,"At first I liked this game, I wish there was more Single Player content but whatever its a game made for PVP. If I had to give the main reason of not recommending it, its the combat thats not 1v1 and the PVP in general(sadly). Its annoying to sit there and take 20 punches as the two npc's combo you. As it is now anything other than 1v1 is aggrivating. There were definite moments where I felt amazing and pulled off some cool moves, Not taking a single hit when I first encountered Jinn Minsc (or however its spelled), so I cant say its a bad game.  I thought I would love the pvp but playing it you will either fight someone with a Deck of Cheese (All Sweeps) or someone just spam punching which doesnt make you feel good beating them, neither are fun to fight, I might change my opinion if I reinstall it but atm, that is not happening as it stands.A lot of people will probably say ""Git Gud"" but honestly if you cant have fun with a game, Why play it?"
,Recommended,473690,34612834,Posted: 30 August,all,Askura,Less than 30 minutes into the game I punched a dude I thought was an NPC. He and his mate then started throwing punches in their hurry to flatten me and managed to practically kill each other in the process allowing me to take them both out. I then got a scarf and a pair of shoes. 10/10.
76561197998239283,Recommended,473690,34602884,Posted: 30 August,all,Chainedkitty,"Eh, its not bad, just not for me, its all i can really say.i get technical disconnects frequently the moment i started and all and all i would like to give it more of a chance, but just isnt my kinda game i guess.but you might wanna try it, seems pretty cool."
,Recommended,473690,34590174,Posted: 29 August,all,Badmuthagoose,"No framerate drops, easy controls, CAN rebind keys idk what everyone else is talking about, and got all my preorder stuff. Without experiencing all of the complaints I can't say its a bad game. Granted pvp with lag is even worse than the souls games and I did fall through the floor one and blackscreened from that, that was once in four hours. All together pretty fun and 7/10."
76561198088477065,Recommended,473690,34590199,Posted: 29 August,all,PFC Gomer Pyle,"I've only been able to play for a little bit (though I had previously participated in the closed beta) and my experience has been pretty smooth so far. Though other people have said that they have encountered some gameplay problems, I haven't really encountered any bugs or crashes yet (just one crash for almost an hour of gameplay) and the game runs well on my system. I can't say how the connectivity for the PvP is, as I haven't had the time to play a match yet, but I have read about other players having issues with connecting to a fight or lag during a fight. Some players have been able to play perfectly fine, however, and the developers have said that they are gathering feedback from the players to prepare a patch to adress these issues. I'd say wait a day or two until that update rolls out, so as to have a more enjoyable experience.Edit: The devs have postedthis announcmentin the Steam discussions. There should be more info about a patch by some time tomorrow morning (PST)."
76561198052829473,Recommended,473690,34620622,Posted: 30 August,all,(^(-_-(^),Actually in love with the PVP of this game. And now that they have fixed servers 10/10 would reccomend.
76561198200412235,Recommended,473690,34590131,Posted: 29 August,all,AgentEverytime,"I'm a big fan of anything Kung Fu. I grew up watching Bruce Lee movies, and as a kid,  watching Monday morning TMNT before going school. Teenage years, my friends and I would rush home from school, so we could catch the beginning of next time on Dragon Ball Z.  I think it's relevant to premise this because it's a big part of who I am, leading into  why I bought this game.The artstyle, althought simple, is amazing! The game play fun, and line with innovation from other games like For Honor, with a mix of cross ups, cross counters, feint cancellations, etc.It's definitely worth checking out, if it's not for you, Steam has an awesome return policy. I've returned pleanty of games that I didn't click with, like Law Breakers.The only gripe I have is the server connection problems. With it being day one of release, it's understandable. However, with it being referenced as a ""Kung fu MMO"" by some of the misleading Hype Makers, the servers should be #1 priorty.I hope it gets fixed."
76561198084561967,Recommended,473690,34602987,Posted: 30 August,all,Durex the Condom,This game is awesome!
,Recommended,473690,34747441,Posted: 4 September,all,trenchboiömer,*uses shockwave* BE GONE THOT!
76561197985072747,Not Recommended,473690,34751782,Posted: 5 September,all,FantasyFreak_UK,"So I played this game mainly offline due to server issues at launch.I enjoyed the first single player playthough. Taking my time and enjoying the world.However, upon completion of a fairly short story (most people are taking three hours). You just get put back at the start and have to start again.I then tried online. Doing a few random fights and although it was fun I didn't get the drive to keep playing like in For Honor.I am going to give a negative review as the single player campaign seemed like a first level. The server problems I had and the limited replayability.Although if you want a game to 'git gud' at fighting others. This is for you with the expansive fighting styles you can build."
76561198178757667,Not Recommended,473690,34624438,Posted: 30 August,all,hussdiesel,"interesting game. Too laggy to play :( and I'm in North America with a great connection! So, it's not just the Aussies who are suffering. Will keep my eye on things and hope the devs can get the lag under control so we can really enjoy being a martial artist online."
76561198035747699,Recommended,473690,34688838,Posted: 2 September,all,♡ pepsi ♡,"if you love punching, elbowing, and kicking people in the face, this game is for you."
76561197969347258,Recommended,473690,34827285,Posted: 8 September,all,Red_Earth,I enjoy this game.Flow of combat feels great. Trading blows with AI or other players just feels amazing compared to other fighting games I've played.Love the art style.
76561198102816556,Not Recommended,473690,35090520,Posted: 20 September,all,DarthPooDooh,"PvE can be very fun, the styles are cool. Having said that PvP is a majority of the game, and its heavily unbalanced in favor of high speed high stamina builds. It honestly ruins the entire game, and wont be fixed. Dont buy this game if you want options. I started a speed deck, no power can stop it. Its literally ""Play like this or lose"""
,Recommended,473690,34613087,Posted: 30 August,all,Zauren,"Don't be alarmed, the negative reviews are from launch day server issues. So far I'm enjoying it and the balance is interesting. It's slower paced than I expected, which may or may not be a good thing, and multiple-on-one fighting is a bit clunky. Still, I've passed the demo period, so I'll keep on trucking."
,Recommended,473690,34624430,Posted: 30 August,all,Gambal,"This is a really fun, detailed combat game. With the ability to create combat decks with moves that chain to other moves, each slot with 10+ moves to pick from (once you learn them) and 4 (that I know of) styles to choose from. Equipment can either give you more damage and make you faster, or do less damage but have more armor. Lots of equipment to choose from. (Every 2-5 1v1 games online will give you something unique and new).Everyone is downvoting the game because of servers. I understand being upset, but its like the 2nd day the game came out from an indie developer. Cut them some slack. Looking passed that, the game ITSELF is a blast. Only bad part is when servers go down (for some magical reason) and you cant queue for 1v1's. Thats it. No other complaints."
76561198116299168,Recommended,473690,34636156,Posted: 31 August,all,Therebil,"I take a martial arts class so I thought this would be a fun game to try out for the combat, plus the concept intrigued me. All I can say is damn. You can build your own combo system for fighting, the loot is fun cause you look and feel like a badass, and the game just feels right, it has a flow all of its own that I totally love so far. The mmo aspect is great, as someone may come rushing to your aid in mid fight, help you take out that stupid boss, just wander past you and ignore you, or just knock you down right there. Either way it fits well with the enviroment."
76561198329974923,Recommended,473690,34591471,Posted: 29 August,all,Obtain_The_Crown,Single player is a bit odd and lonely but if you're playing this you're probably here for pvp. And thats what this game does great. Total control over your moves and they order you use them makes the combat stay fresh. Region lock needs to be addressed but other than that its great.*Cross-region invitations added in new update. Servers seem to be fixed as well. More content scheduled for next week. Devs are very committed and listening to feedback
76561198009341026,Recommended,473690,34593713,Posted: 29 August,all,Tengs twitch.tv/commonsenseoff,"This is not only a fantastic game, but its affordable for everyone.Appriciate the devs taking us the consumers seriously. Delivering a great game, some issues always comes along, but this game is not only fun but engaging.6 hours today, and cant wait to play more!"
76561198009112512,Recommended,473690,34604109,Posted: 30 August,all,Cathorian,"This game is fantastic. I put in 12 hours in the first day, which tells you I was thoroughly enjoying my time.Pros:Skill based combat - If someone if better than you, they're going to win. It doesn't matter if you're level 40 and they're level 20 because the level ups give you an advantage, but it isn't huge.Skillful AI - Being able to play offline against challenging opponents is the only reason why this is a positive review, given the launch server stability issues. I can't tell you how many times each boss has whooped my♥♥♥♥♥ In the beginning I actually thought you had to have a group to defeat them until I started really learning.Customization - Between your fighting styles, the moves you use in that style, and all the types of gear you can put on, you can really customize how you fight.Fighting styles - This is what is going to be what keeps me in the game for months to come. If they consistently implement new styles (in a timely manner) I'm going to absolutely adore this game. Building your own fighting style and choosing all the moves that flow from one stance to the next with alternate moves to change up the rhythm is addicting. Then once you finally start getting the hang of your own style, you can pay attention to what your enemy is using and can start dodging their moves while on the offensive as well.Cons:Launch server stability - I was online for maybe only half of my play time. I'm honestly not surprised a indie developer has the same issues as AAA developers, but it would have been nice to play with friends the whole time.Drop in mode - I don't know if this is directly related to the server issues, but sometimes when other players dropped into my area, their ping affected mine and so enemies and the other players were all rubber banding and that become near impossible to play until I just left the area and the group.Steep learning curve - While I didn't think this was a con, some people are gonna be turned off by the fact that you're going get to whooped a lot before you begin to understand and fight back. 2v1s and 3v1s against the AI in the beginning is impossible. I highly recommend new players roll in a group.Short story mode - I've already finished it. I understand the meat of the game is the pvp and repeating bosses at higher difficulties, but a longer one with more story about the world would have been nice.I'll continue to update as I play."
,Recommended,473690,34607669,Posted: 30 August,all,Tronkle Lord,10/10 Drunk fighting best fighting
,Recommended,473690,34612694,Posted: 30 August,all,Vitriol²,"Fighting system is fun, the world is neat to explore. But the servers keep ♥♥♥♥ing me. people with high ping just show up out of noway janking my system down with them."
76561198122553593,Recommended,473690,34626688,Posted: 30 August,all,SUPER LOLLIPOP PANDA,"Great game, lots to do, maps are a bit confusing and you get lost easily. The funnest piece is challenging the bosses which can be a real challenge as well as a lot of fun and a good source for improving your fighter. The only issue is that for whatever reason I haven't been able to connect to the servers which has kept me from taking a shot at the 1v1 pvp that I really want to try."
76561198278910087,Recommended,473690,34611631,Posted: 30 August,all,ҲҲ_ĴŮĐĠĘΜĘŃƮ_ҲҲ,Good Game.
,Recommended,473690,34611151,Posted: 30 August,all,Ethersin,"Pros-- Nice combat mechanics, very customisable.- The art style is nice, obviously subject to personal taste.- Quite simple to get the gist of, will take a long time to master.Cons-- Anyform of lag is killer.- Once you've played for 4-5 hours and beat the current story, you only have 1v1 PvP or general PvE farming, which can get a bit repetitive.- You need to PvP (for quite a while) to unlock the PvE challenges.I enjoy the game a lot. Servers are a bit iffy at the moment, sort of expected as it's launch week. Sort of grown a bit tired of going in and out of 1v1 (which I suck at) to level the stagger school and to unlock more stuff.I recommend it but at the moment, only really to hardcore PvP fighter fans or those that just wanna grind around beating stuff up. Can't wait for more content!"
,Recommended,473690,34581883,Posted: 29 August,all,char,this game is great but as soon as another play joins its ♥♥♥♥edfix the servers pleasethx
76561198113094122,Recommended,473690,34638537,Posted: 31 August,all,Gipsy Danger,i will be back when this game have SEA serveror more stable ping from my countryand yes i really recommend this game
76561198065538494,Recommended,473690,35146484,Posted: 23 September,all,CAWFEE,"At launch, I would not have recommended to anyone. However as of patch 1.07, I would suggest this to anyone who enjoys fighting games or even thinks it looks interesting. It still has an array of bugs and minor balance issues, but they aren't taking away from the gameplay much. The main draw for this game is the devs. The devs are releasing quick updates while listening to the community, and admitting mistakes when they make them. Its a breath of fresh air when compared to what I had to deal with when playing for honor."
76561198127989188,Not Recommended,473690,34613544,Posted: 30 August,all,OG,"Game crashed and when I booted it up I lost my progress, 8 hours down the drain.Awesome game but this is not ok.Don't recommend this game until they fix this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and give me my character back."
,Recommended,473690,34600596,Posted: 30 August,all,Aelmsu,"Great atmosphere, great multiplayer, great game mechanics imo"
76561198065551183,Recommended,473690,34619425,Posted: 30 August,all,Brewski,"Had heard great things before i bought it and man was i pleased, the game works well for both keyboard and controller and has a very beautiful art syle to it with soft music that you could honestly get lost in. lots of enemies to battle being both AI and real players with a fun system of coop or challenging to a battle. The area mode seems to not have much of a balance on who you fight level wise when you start off but i dont know if that matters in terms of the amour and health you have.10/10 would disipline again"
76561198017897321,Recommended,473690,34609997,Posted: 30 August,all,SirChillAlot,The story is eh. Combat is fluid and fun. haven't had a chance to play online with people but so far I am liking it.
,Recommended,473690,34619345,Posted: 30 August,all,Atlas Freecs,"**Pre-ordered the game the day it came out to Steam**When I tried to play any Souls game I found myself throwing object around the room out of frustration, breaking my mouse, and, all that good stuff (OH YEAH). I thought since they're considered the same genre, this game would be much like that, grinding, exploring the maze-like map and trying to figure out which way you need to go. To my surprise I found this game rather more relaxing. Don't get me wrong, enemies from some parts of the map and bosses (dis-including the first one ""Gueadian of the Door"") are still hard to beat but the environment is much more colorful, full of joy. The pastel colors and the art-style of the game is very unique. I found myself staring down to the city (atleast what remains from it) and enjoying the view way too many times. The combat style of the game is something I've never seen in any of the games I ever played. Some people compare it to ""For Honor"" but it has nothing to do with it. The flow of combat changes as you level up and depending on the class you picked. I can go on and on about what this game did great and how good it is but that doesnt change the fact that it needs some stuff. For example, it definetely needs some AI adjustments. SOmetimes it could be hilarious but I think it's just frustrating. Battling an enemy for around 5-6 mins only to watch the enemy run back because it is out of its zone and even if you get back in the zone and start fighting again, he would be back at its full health. More fight styles would be appreciated. Currently there is only 3 and then there is 1 more that you can learn after level 5 (I think). I know the game is just released but a DLC would be really good (not cosmetic or item wise, we need more story, more twist).The game doesnt take that long so it would be great to have some extra content.To finish it off, I think the game is 8/10 and solid fun for hours."
,Not Recommended,473690,34721830,Posted: 3 September,all,Anime Is Trash And So Am I,"I cannot reccomend this game until they fix the servers. As it stands, it's really a hit or miss everytime you try to connect. There are plenty of other reviews that go into detail of how great the mechanics and gameplay are, so read those if that interests you at all. I'm just here to say that without online multiplayer, the game is rather dull. Wait a few weeks for them to get their servers situated. I had an absolute blast fighting other players the (very) few times I've actually been able to connect though."
,Recommended,473690,34626070,Posted: 30 August,all,cynoxious,Some martial arts movie extras got lost in a forest during a costume party and started beating the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of each other.
76561198136543208,Not Recommended,473690,35452353,Posted: 3 October,all,SSEEAALL,"This game in single player is a master piece. Awesome combat, graphics, scenarios and more. The combat system is weird at the begining but you get it with some hours of playing.But the reason i don't recommend this game is PvP (the main focus of this game)In pvp you will find 3 types of playersThe most common: The Golden Chain spammer (spamming 1 or 2 combos every single second and u can't) or just 2 attacksThe sometimes seen: people spamming atacks and waiting for yours without gold chainAnd the rearest of the rarest: Normal players.Apart from that, to make it even worse, the community it's not the best"
76561198346987514,Not Recommended,473690,35117334,Posted: 21 September,all,Galactic Question,"i have 35 hours and my character is level 60, this game has satisfying combat but many issues, at the moment i think the pvp is unplayable would recomend that you wait to but until the fix the servers."
,Recommended,473690,34630427,Posted: 31 August,all,I AM THE SENATE!,"The game has a beautiful and simplistic art style that captivates you from the start. The story is average but the gameplay is stellar. The combat system is very in depth with a wide variety of moves and an rpg style leveling system. The're are three unique fighting styles to choose from, each feel different and cater to different styles of play. The moves that you use can be customised using a deck style system. There are also a couple weapons that can be used that all have different styles and pros and cons. Overall the main thing that will keep you playing is the combat between both NPC characters and your fellow players."
,Recommended,473690,34620576,Posted: 30 August,all,royal with cheese,"Amazing blend between Dark Souls and fighting games,+ Combat is satisfying as ♥♥♥♥, really impressive!+ AI is cool and provide some challenge+ The game plays exactly as advertised, very satisfying experience+ Controls are customizeable, no issues, set my controller to behave as if i play dark souls, lol+/- the combo mechanics reminds me Blade Symphony combos, this is not bad or good, it's just the way it is, i do like it quite alot though, you can set it any way you like+/- the game is made on Unreal Engine 4, if you have no issues with UE4 games - it should be cool for you, i do have issues with UE4 in general, so nevermind meOveral:Amazing game, was worth preordering and waiting for entire monthSolid 9/10would be 10/10 if UE4 was functioning properly for me, but meh, only a few UE4 games have no issues on my 2monitor adapter setup, but then again, this is mostly my personal issue---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Additional info:I would recommend to set the game to OFFLINE mode until you finish the game, so you would have better chances learning moves of enemies to use later, and overall less chaotic and very souls-like experience, after you completed it - feel free to set online on and pvp or coop the way you likeCompleted the game in 10 hours offline, level 25,havent spend any level up points yet,so you can say... sl1 run complete, can't say i learned all the moves, but surely more than half"
76561198008679129,Not Recommended,473690,35276070,Posted: 28 September,all,Bonfire Miniboss,There's real potential in the game but spam builds dominate PvP and most matches end up being about who has the fastest attacks since all attacks can be stringed together as long as a player has stamina. Blocking or (standard) dodging attacks costs more stamnia that it does to use attacks so a player rappidly unleashing a torrent of attacks will always have the upper hand.
76561198072809915,Not Recommended,473690,34689548,Posted: 2 September,all,Clueless 羝,"Here's the thing. An Online game that doesn't do well in online pvps. Servers are ♥♥♥♥ed up here in SEA. Devs should be more considerate before releasing this game. Don't get me wrong, the game itself is actually pretty good and it has  a lot of potential. I do hope the devs will do something bout it pretty soon. For now I can't recommend buying this game if u want a pvp online action, however there's an option where you can go offline and kick some AI's then do so."
,Recommended,473690,34582780,Posted: 29 August,all,중력,It's pretty good
,Not Recommended,473690,35209017,Posted: 25 September,all,☠฿₤₫¢₭₲±Ø$₮☠,"The game has a list of issues all starting on day 1, the controls in general are sometimes unresponsive or have such delay that it kills fast pace fights and the game has had connection issues that do not seem like they will be fixed. Day 1 for NA was nothing but a single player experience atleast for me when I tried to play. Now cheaters are in the game which kinda put the nail in the coffin for me. The game does have it's moments of being fun but I would honestly wait for it to be on sale at a bottom dollar price. The devs obviously need to figure out the priorities for turning this game around and not ignore the facts that sold this game for so many people."
76561198001507068,Not Recommended,473690,34704415,Posted: 3 September,all,BigFoxHole,"This is a pretty good game. Very good fighting mechnics; fighting done right. To be honest, this is one the best fighting systems i tried so far.Not recommending at the moment though. Their servers are HORRIBLE at the moment and if it wasnt for the PvE content, this game would be unplayable. The server connection dropped not once, but twice during my 1v1 duels; one of which I was winning, and the other I had just tied it up. Other times I cannot connect at all. The game should have had a more meatier singleplayer to distract from all the server issues.Another thing; there is a severe lack of content. I understand the pvp focus it has, but at least add a decent amount of content to keep the game for getting stale, especially with how awesome the map looks. Nice looking map that completely lacks immersion...nothing to interact with other than the non-hostile and hostile AI. No civilians, no animals, no other signs of life.... just lost prospects and absolvers running around fighting, and thats it.Its still early though. I read that there is additional content coming in the future, some really exciting sh*t. But until they fix this, its a no from me."
,Recommended,473690,34788510,Posted: 6 September,all,OxNEOxO,"This game is hard... but, fun! I find this game to be more better and fun then DS games tbh. I thought DS was hard but, this will make you rage at times.Will get kicked in the♥♥♥♥♥again! 8/10"
,Recommended,473690,34737786,Posted: 4 September,all,Jay Karraway,"Genuinely fresh!It took me about ten hours to become Absolver, which marks the end of the singleplayer content. If you want to play offline there isn't much here.The core of the game is duelling an evenly matched player and that's a beautiful thrill. I've played for 30 hours now and so far two out of three matches were exciting, with me and my opponent both thinking ""I will win this one"" until way past the midpoint of the match.I read some reviews that state a level 30 player will never beat a level 60 (current cap) player. They're wrong. Winning a duel is about the flow of your moveset, your ability to recognize and remember your opponent's moveset as well as endurance of focus (yours, not your player character's).One level up gives you one point to invest, which raises a stat by one half to two percent. A few percent bonus on your damage, vitality or stamina won't help you if you can't land a hit, and whether you can land a hit is not determined by these stats but by your skill and moveset.The quality and versatility of the moveset will be most important to the outcome of high-skill play. That's where Absolver is a deckbuilding game; the more moves you unlock the more options you have for your moveset. Fittingly, some NPCs refer to 'fighting' or 'drawing a weapon' as 'folding' or 'unfolding'.When you start a new character your level resets but you keep your moves, so you can build a complex moveset right away and don't have to endure hours of getting back to where you were.In the open world (more like labyrinth than expanse) the game doesn't restrict, reward or punish you for however you interact with your fellow Prospect. The serene art-style and soundscape however inspire nearly everyone to be cool to one another. I also love that there is no chat, only a handful of gestures to convey basic thoughts and feelings.For me, in Berlin, the servers are very reliable. Especially for a game that apparently launched to better sales than anticipated. I'v had two infinite connecting-loops and one hard disconnect in 30 hours, that's better than acceptable. I do hope the ping will improve, right now executing a move is satisfying but doesn't feel quite immediate.There are some rough edges in the production, like the artificial intelligence. Outside of combat NPCs are running back to their posts like mental moles.But the core experience is extremely polished. Hitboxes, animation, responsiveness, input design, visual effects and acoustic feedback are spot on.I'm pretty sure I'll be playing this for months at least. I recommend that you do likewise."
76561198058255175,Recommended,473690,34737722,Posted: 4 September,all,The Dirge,"Fun game, great art style, fluid combat."
,Not Recommended,473690,34607158,Posted: 30 August,all,Vorst,"This game isn't a bad game at all persay, I just cannot really recommend the game in its current state.The matchmaking as other negative reviews have stated, isn't very good.This isn't just a problem with the 1v1 PvP content, it's also the hubworld lag too.It'd be fine if it was just the players lagging, but in the hubworld, the enemies will lag too.To the point where they will go Kenshiro on your booty. Seriously.I'm talking like, you're taking damage from nothing, bouncing around like a handball getting slapped by Russian body builders, and all of your attacks phase through them like you're a ghost.One time, I saw two players fighting, and one of them was lagging so bad that his feet were stuck to the ground but the rest of his body stretched like rubber and went into another dimension and then sonic'd all the way back.I've won every PvP match because people quit if they lose the first round. Either leaving the match or committing suicide for the next 2 rounds. Hell, one guy just let me beat him to death.I just lost my first match because a person was: 1) Extremely laggy, 2) They kept spamming a move that had stupidly long range, fast recovery and starting time, was a low attack, and seemed to cost them barely any stamina, and 3) They were 11 character levels above me. Even when I could/did hit them, it barely scratched them. I couldn't even tell what was going on asides from the kick spam. I couldn't dodge or block anything because the latency was just that bad.Also, the A.I in this game have a serious problem.It's much like Abyss Odssey. They either just stand there and let you hit them, or they're input-reading Gods who will dodge and parry your every move, punish you for attacking, punish you for blocking, you name it.God forbid you have to fight two enemies at once. Especially if they're the input-reading kind. If they're the kind that just stand there and let you punch them like a punching bag, the only way those particular ones can kill you is by pushing you down into a hole or w/e.Also, the PvE content just in general is bare bones.It took me four hours.If you're gonna buy it for the PvE, pass. There's no content here for you.I do like the game regardless of these flaws, it's just...Even freakin' For Honor has better Peer to Peer code and a longer story that isn't a cliffhanger, runs better too.(I'm probably going to get booty-slammed for saying that.)"
76561198105652542,Not Recommended,473690,35210124,Posted: 25 September,all,Greyman,"Online servers for 1v1 are absolutely trashed. Cheese is the only fighting style PvP combatants understand. There is no real combat when fighting in the combat trials, its called getting cheesed repeatedly. Cheese. Is. Not. Skill. It's a food that should be left out of gaming.Do not buy this game if you're looking for strict PvP although it seems like that's all it's going to be made for.Fix the cheese and level unbalance within 1v1 for any of this to even matter, because getting a level 30 against a level 60 is ♥♥♥♥ing autistic."
,Recommended,473690,34698475,Posted: 2 September,all,Lamb,"I really like it. It's challenging and hard but also rewarding. The atmosphere and the art style are brilliant as well. The combat may seem hectic at the start (especially when you get 3 or more enemies at once), but as you get better it clears up a lot.Only complains I have are the camera and network issues. Camera freaks out too much, especially if you're close to the wall which will impede you further and frustrate you. And while in online open world there are often lag and desync issues which I hope will be fixed."
76561198034532786,Recommended,473690,34732416,Posted: 4 September,all,Cold Tachanka,"Absolver is a PvP focused fighting game with certain PvE elements made by Sloclap.This is one of the few games I am doing a review for, so if there are any critisisms you want to give me to improve my ""reviewing skill"" I will gladly accept those. So let's go over some pros and cons shall we?Pros:- Combat in this game is an absolute blast. Just being able to make your own custom move set is in my opinion just so fun and unique for a fighting game.- The game has a nice art style. The graphics overall are quite nice aswell, but not as amazing looking like Hellblade for example.- PvE even though short is still a fun time to play through.- The game has a good balance. But some critisisms I have for it is that there isn't alot of real risk to the heavy armor. Maybe they can make it so that when you wear heavier armor, attacks cost more stamina. And also that Shockwave is a bit too strong because it comes out really fast, only costs one shard (I think two shards is more appropriate) and the only way I know of to completely avoid it is to jump over it. I have heard that you can also parry/absorb Shockwave so I'll try that and edit this part if it does work. But besides that I don't see alot wrong with it.- Character customization in terms of different armor is nice and varied.Cons:- Even though I personally don't have as many issues with this one, it is still a problem the developers have to pay full attention to. That is the server issues. For me personally sometimes the servers just shut down but after like 15 minutes they are back up. But for other people it can be as bad that they can't even play online (which sucks). I hope they will fix this as fast as they can.- I know that this game is mostly focused on PvP. But I can't ignore the people who are interested in the PvE experience. So I gotta say that in terms of PvE content it is quite bare bones. So for people who want to buy this for solely the PvE I recommend looking elsewhere.- There are some bugs and glitches which can be an annoyance, but that is about it from what I know of.-I forgot to put this in the original review so that's why I'm editing it in. The camera even though fine can get quite bad when getting pushed up against a wall.All in all I think this game is a great fighting game for people who love PvP, but it is still a bit bare bones in terms of PvE content which can turn off some people. But I am still gonna recommend it because it is just so much fun."
76561198063506861,Not Recommended,473690,34681139,Posted: 2 September,all,Leo,"If you are in the SEA Region, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. There is too much lag to enjoy the game."
76561198133127454,Recommended,473690,34609154,Posted: 30 August,all,Xx_NUKE_xX,"10/10! Love the combat, very challenging, great art style, everything AWESOME!"
,Recommended,473690,34606368,Posted: 30 August,all,Buar,I spent 11 of my 14 hours looking for the bosses. Best game of hide and seek ever. 10/10. Could not find waldo.
,Recommended,473690,34601034,Posted: 30 August,all,Sparrow,"A simple game, yet very challenging and intricate at its core. Its mainly about learning new moves, new fighting styles, combining them and using them against NPC and fellow players alike. While playing you improve yourself as much as your character."
,Not Recommended,473690,35430580,Posted: 2 October,all,Sir Rebral Palsy,80% of the time when you try to PVP the game will give you an infinite loading screen so you need to restart. Amazing.
76561198118094560,Not Recommended,473690,35506704,Posted: 5 October,all,Amantis,"I can't even get past the loading screen, the game crashes every time, tried running it in low graphics, windowed, offline mode, nothing helps."
,Not Recommended,473690,34608385,Posted: 30 August,all,Seventeen,"Despite several rounds of server and netcode updates, Absolver is still very sadly unplayable for many Australian players."
,Recommended,473690,34609936,Posted: 30 August,all,Jevise,"Very fun game, excited for the 3v3 modes and ranked modes!!Join our absolver discord server!https://discord.gg/V4FF8AF"
,Recommended,473690,34646987,Posted: 31 August,all,tric,">Beat most of single player, confident enough to do some duels>Decimate first guy, running by the last round>second fight is harder, he knows how to hold the guard button>third fight, man has pose I haven't seen before>Stagger style, man spins around wildly and gives me love taps until I die>Violently scream ""Are you a beyblade or a fighter?!"">DieBest beyblade simulator anime/10"
76561198067923140,Recommended,473690,34698188,Posted: 2 September,all,Herobrine,Really fun when you get the hang of it. Challenging but also rewarding.
,Recommended,473690,34597813,Posted: 29 August,all,Axi,"GOOD DAY FELLOW WARRIORS AND FANS OF FIGHTING GAMES~Pros And Cons! Professional OpinionPros:AMAZING PVPAMAZING COMBAT MACHANICSNot many glitches in terms of combat.Love the graphicssoundtrack and immersion is guaranteed.When the servers are up its very fun to be with friends! ganking or fighting bossesPvP Is honorableCommunity is non toxic!Cons:Limited Area so farServers Going down,If you are solo you mgiht be bored :(if you fall 3 feet you die, ( trys to hard to be realistic, not much of a con sometimes )THE AI IS TOO SMART o:<Limited styles so farIf they Fix the server issue which they will, than this game will become absolutely amazing! its very addicting, and with friends its a whole new experince, and once this game continues to grow and get revenue it will add more and become worth more in the future! Stick with it fellow absolvers and stay awesome!-Axis"
,Recommended,473690,34638674,Posted: 31 August,all,Cawl,"EU player here. Gameplay is pretty fantastic and you can have hours of fun learning moves, making decks and mastering said decks.Many are complaining about the region lock and their regions' servers being quite trash, and whilst I can emphatize with the latter and hope that the servers are great across the world soon enough I do think people who are crying over the region lock must've never played Dark Souls and experience the terrible nature of a game where you, as a European, can be invaded by one of the two players with an internet connection in Zimbabwe who proceeds to knock your♥♥♥♥♥♥up because the game favoured the lagger in that situation.I do hope that a private session option will be added where people can invite their friends to play with them no matter the region, however you won't catch me complaining when I *don't* get punished for the game summoning an angry 300 ping player into my world who ruins my experience."
,Not Recommended,473690,34625651,Posted: 30 August,all,Persona!,"Game is good, BUTThey needed to wait before they put it out to the public.IF YOU WANT A LONG INTRESTING STORYDon't buy, the story is very short, 3 hoursIF YOU WANT TO PLAY ONLINE CONSTANTLYDon't buy, wait until they fix the serversIF YOU WANT A SUPER FUN PVP FIGHTING GAMESure buy itBut nah"
,Recommended,473690,34754468,Posted: 5 September,all,yatamıyorum,nice gameyou can punch peoplethey punch back
,Recommended,473690,34598967,Posted: 29 August,all,Brandiny,Neat game┈┈┈┈┈┈▕▔╲┈┈┈┈┈┈┈▏▕┈┈┈┈┈┈┈▏▕▂▂▂▂▂▂▂▂▂╱┈▕▂▂▂▏▉▉▉▉▉┈┈┈▕▂▂▂▏▉▉▉▉▉┈┈┈▕▂▂▂▏▔▔▔▔▔▔╲▂▕▂▂▂I
,Recommended,473690,34633093,Posted: 31 August,all,Miporin,"What you see is what you get in for Absolver. If you don't like the concept behind it, please skip this one at all cost. They already tell everything you need to know before pushing it out here.Imho, I fall in love with its gameplay very much. The ability to make your custom move-set is surprising well-done, while trying to be as freestyle as much as possible, at the same time put on reasonable limitation on how you can use it. The game relies on player skills, as much as knowledge on the moves.!!HOWEVER!! the multiplayer aspect is pretty much bad experience (currently). When it works, it is charmingly good, but the current situation is that if you jump into someone's match/world with bad/unstable internet, it is pretty much doom-ed for you. How the matchmaking works are unknown. How it select the host/client is randomly bad. The host will have almost smooth gameplay no matter what, while clients will be in the warping hell.The game is player-hosted, but the matchmaking is handle by the server. It's bad to the point that IGO OFFLINE(good thing that you can change it in-game) to play the PvE contents.JUST FOR YOUR WARNING, YOU NEED PRETTY MUCH THE GOOD/STABLE CONNECTION WITH THOSE IN YOUR WORLD/MATCH TO ENJOY THIS SIDE OF ABSOLVER.TL;DRThe game is good. PvE is enjoyable, COOP/PvP is fun when it works."
,Recommended,473690,34622463,Posted: 30 August,all,Slimecicle,"The servers are as bad as I am at PvP, but hopefully both of those things will improve. This is a really satisfying and spicy game that I would recommend to anyone that likes mechanically deep fighters."
76561198089086426,Not Recommended,473690,34750904,Posted: 4 September,all,plaster idol,"It honestly breaks my heart a little to write this review. I really, really wanted to give this game a recommendation. I wanted to give it 4-4.5/5 but I can't. The lag that I experience a solid 50% of the time I play pvp and the difficulty I have connecting to general servers at all makes it so I cannot in good faith give this game my seal of approval. Every other part of this game I love. The combat, the feel, etc... But I cannot simply enjoy the pvp, which is in fact a huge part of this game. I cannot enjoy a fight where I am rubberbanding across the screen while blocking, when I try to do everything right but it doesn't matter because it is physically impossible for me to time anything or get an attack out with the sheer amount of lag I am experiencing. It is frustrating to no end to see what your opponent is doing, see the holes in their attacks and be unable to do anything about that because the game will not physically let you do anything about that. I have been spammed to death by terrible decks that I should have been able to counter easily but my attacks simply wouldn't go out. The instant these terrible lag and connectivity problems are fixed I will be right back here to give it a positive recommendation because, besides that it's a great game. In the end I find myself summing it up in this one sentence, ""It's a great game, when it works."""
,Recommended,473690,34661406,Posted: 1 September,all,Gankdalf,"+ Very fun fighting mechanics+ Each opponent feels unique+ The fighting has depth in terms of learning new techniques/moves+ You can make custom combos+ Open world encounters+ There is coop+ Large variety of unlockable moves+ A lot of different types of items to equip+ There are melee weapons that unlock (per fight) when you use defensive abilities+ Offline mode- Not much of a story- Occasional server issues that cause unplayable lag- Client side save files (cheat risk)- A few bugs causing crashes or that the game freezes up (rarely)- No character customization, although there's a lot of items to change your appearance- Hard to coop without hitting your teammate in a fight- The game is region locked. You cant play with somebody outside your regionIt's a very fun game. More similar to Dark Souls than For Honor in my opinion. It's worth its price of 30€. My only concern is that I dont know how long the game will hold up. It will only survive as long as its community is active since the single player mode is basically a tutorial while the main game is the multiplayer PvP."
,Recommended,473690,34698359,Posted: 2 September,all,Cryyo,"Absolver deserves a better ranking than it has at the time of writing this review. Like most games nowadays the servers had a rocky start, but in my experience on the east coast of USA everything has been running smoothly for days. The game itself is a little short, but the lower price tag is worth it. The pvp is complex, rich and fulfilling, and I'm confident I'll be logging in daily for a few rounds for the next couple months at least."
,Recommended,473690,34747842,Posted: 4 September,all,Azaldian,"Pros:- Fun, fluid combat- Challenging in PvE and PvP- Combo Customization is wonderful- Art Style- Clarity on what is going on (you always know what hit you)- Beautifully crafted worldCons:- It's the best fighting game I can't play (Difficult to connect to servers currently, you can still do PvE though)- A few minor frame rate issues"
,Not Recommended,473690,34742841,Posted: 4 September,all,STEINER,Gameplay mechanics are great and its hella fun but theres no content currently.You are supposed to learn new moves as you progress which is great BUT once you beat the bosses which takes about 2-3 hours you wonder why you need to bother playing because there is litterally nothing else to do other than 1v1 trials.Theres no point to work on your character after completing the Story (just killing bosses) other than waiting for content to arrive that should of already been provided.Don't buy it until they add content because its just not worth it as of right now
,Not Recommended,473690,34583811,Posted: 29 August,all,SpookerTail,Remove the region lock please. Or at least let us do invitations to people who live in other countries. This is a massive disappointment. At least give us the option. Just something that doesn't force it on us.Edit: Story in the game is FOUR ♥♥♥♥ING HOURS LONG. The PvP is laggy and buggy as hell where you can just unfairly spam moves. This is just...What in the ♥♥♥♥. I spend £25 on this pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unacceptable.
76561198136619383,Not Recommended,473690,34599553,Posted: 29 August,all,Hugsdealer,"Right now I wouldn't buy the game, to be frank it shouldn't even have been released with the amount of bugs I've encountered, being stuck in random terrain and getting blank screens that never end when respawing is par for the course. And Jesus Christ the lag.. the lag is maddening and makes it completely unplayable.I think somewhere in there, there could be a good game, that concept is new and original but the execution is a disaster and a joke."
,Not Recommended,473690,34589538,Posted: 29 August,all,qu3x^,"I had high hopes for this game.It just throws you right into it with barely no guidance, the openly handled coop is a mess cause players also interact with you when not wanted to. There is no way to play along with your friends only. Glitches and poor content server brings desyncs.- I refunded my copy so did my friend"
,Recommended,473690,34580680,Posted: 29 August,all,ZU.AB,My friend told me absolver is just another dark souls clone.I proved him wrong by beating him so hard that he actually learned some martial arts from me.Then i went back and start playing this game.
,Not Recommended,473690,34597969,Posted: 29 August,all,Seelvor,"The combat is nowhere near as deep as the devs or any diehard fan tried to make it out to be, which is unfortunate because I was hoping for so much. The AI is very buggy, and relies solely on ganging up on you 3-4 at a time to make the game seem hard. The story is only about 2-6 hours long, depending on how quick you are to learn, and how fast you move, and the PvP combat is... Passable. It's nothing spectactular, and there's a few balancing issues, but I had my fun with it. My 2 whole rounds of fun before the servers died in North America.It's a shame that with all this hype, the devs didn't prepare better. They held the beta like a week before the game even came out, so they didn't have time to fix anything. So it's just filled with bugs and server issues. Even the singleplayer AI has rubberbanding issues when you're not even connected to the servers. That's some incredible netcode there.Sorry, it's a no from me."
76561198119752696,Not Recommended,473690,34601902,Posted: 30 August,all,Allele,"If you live in Oceania, then this game will give you about 6 hours of PVE gamplay before you've finished everything. As for PVP, it's unplayable due to lag. Could be a great game if this was fixed. Otherwise can we please see an Anti-Oceania tag on the game so people know?I'm not recommending this game because it needs to be fixed for my region. I don't know and don't care about any other regions.Update 1.03:Still yet to be fixed. Can't play it at all. Being beat by people with no armor on at all because lag will teleport me in front of them defenceless. PVE content is boring now after running through it all multiple times. Really hope it is fixed soon.Update 1.05:Says there have been more server stability fixes. Since it also says that the developers will be looking through reviews to see what needs to be fixed, I would just like to ask if you can be more specific next time. I see no differences in the stability of my online play, whether online PVE or PVP, the enemies in either will just teleport after every taken hit and drag you around with them when hit yourself. Still cannot recommend this game for this reason.P.S. Someone left a comment saying that I deleted comments. I deleted that comment. I'm deleting comments that are telling me to ""stop complaining"", or ""the game is good for it's price"" (which i believe it would be if I could access that content), or that ""I'm not getting these issues, so you must be making it up"". I'm writing this review to stop people from buying the product uninformed. When the game works for me, then I'll start recommending it."
,Recommended,473690,34596235,Posted: 29 August,all,[Snipe76],"Okay, I don't write reviews but this one is special.I now have enough time spent on the game and I can clearly say I like it.Pros:-Some people won't agree with me on this part but the graphics are good.Yes, It's not the most realistic game but it doesn't have to be it.The art style the developers and artits chose for this title is appealing to the eye, it looks great and it feels great.-The gameplay is solid.You have customizible move set that you can combo together as you like and it works.you have main attack and Alternate attack that switches your combo move and you can play with it and change your moves entirely while fighting.-UI is okay.Kinda minimalistic but it works well with the game.-The music is nice and suits the game very well.-1v1 is tough and gives a challange!Cons:-The sound of the punching is kinda underwelming.-Some bugs will annoy you like falling through the ground sometimes and your character lying on the floor while you walk or fight.-Servers sometimes lag-lacks content.-story mode is short (3-5 hours)Conclution: (this is only my opinion)The gameplay is solid and the game works really well.I like that the dev team put its soul into the game (I myself an indie dev) and can understand the hard work they have put into it.If you really want to support the dev team and the development of the game I think you should give it a shot.if not, wait for more content and patches.-Snipe76"
76561198079168136,Recommended,473690,34652625,Posted: 31 August,all,Moulay`Ghale,"bagus ni gameny (saking bagusny gw dpt SP1 dr kantor gara2 maen ni game wakawkwk) naiseee...salah satu game yg gw beli PO selain PUBG :Dgw masih level cupu tp menariknya ini game tiap saat ga hanya mikirin level,tp mikirin gmn dapat move set baru dari musuh yg kita hadapin (NPC maupun PVP)combat move set bisa lu kreasiin sesuka hati dengan plus minus masing2.kalo lu suka kungfu hustle, karate xxx lu pasti suka dah ni game..suer...wer wer wer..*yak buat creator game sadar diri y, uda gw review minimal jadiin gw GM lah..wkakwkw"
,Recommended,473690,34586769,Posted: 29 August,all,Dr.Vendax,"Pros:+ Combat+ Visuals+ Combat Combo Building+ Offline Mode (for less lag)+ FashionsolverCons:- The lag makes the game unplayable online (as a AUS player)I'm currently enjoying the singeplayer experience which will last around 10 hours at most when I git gud, but the game is made for fighting others online which is being ruined by lagging, teleporting enemies. But of course buy the game if you're in the US or EU. I hear they are having a great♥♥♥♥♥kicking time.Update:The lag has some what been fixed, there are still a few little jumps but it's a lot more playable now, for me at least."
,Recommended,473690,34628410,Posted: 31 August,all,- Taasty -,"Absolver is an amazing game with an amazing combat style. the only negative i have is the region lock but thats being fixed in a future update so that you can invite your friends no matter their region, i can see this game being one of the best games this year"
76561198348587282,Recommended,473690,34658897,Posted: 1 September,all,FufuProphet,"This game caught my attention primarily because of the graphics. For you lovers of the Orwell game design and mechanics, this is something you might want to check out. The story mode is pretty short (about 30mins long) if you have constant access to the map (which you dont) but might take longer as you can only view the map at the altar checkpoints (you can also create a school, setup ur fight stances, and join a PvP from the altar). It is an open world online setup so you can coop with randoms which is advisable cus some of those enemies can be pretty difficult to beat solo. The main deal is in the PvP though. Story mode is just there for getting a feel and learning/improving your characters mechanics. Not much character customization as the only things that set u apart are skin color, hair, and outfit of which your characters abilities are associated with. So sometimes you might have to give up having a stronger character for the sake of looking different or badass. Mask off/♥♥♥♥ it mask on."
,Recommended,473690,34638066,Posted: 31 August,all,zaya,A good fighting game.
,Recommended,473690,34659131,Posted: 1 September,all,proxi,"Short ReviewThis game is amazing.Long ReviewNow Absolver is a difficult game to describe. Absolver is a mix between an open world game and a closed arena game. You can do tasks in the world with your friends and people you meet or just fight them in a 1v1 arena. Items, such as armour, weapons as well as abilities, can be found in the world by defeating enemies, minibosses, bosse,  random spawns and secret locations. Now i will try to describe each aspect individually.PVEThe PVE in Absolver can be tackled offline or online and lasts about 6 hours (depending on how good you are and how much you roam). There is a light story that drives ahead the experience and gives you an idea of what to do. There are no GUI features to help you locate tasks or where to go, this adds to the atmosphere of the game. It is also fairly simple to find all the minibosses and bosses throught the map. PVE is a great way to practice your abilities before going into duels however the story is also something not to ignore.PVPThe PVP is Absolver's winning point for most people and it is easy to see why: the combat is really clean and heavy on martial arts. There are no flashy energy blasts or spams of punches, every move in Absolver has to be carefully planned and executed at the right moment in order to secure the win. This game, furthermore, gives the player the bility to create their own combos of heavy and light attacks, unlike most games which give you a set and you have to memorise them. The community is not toxic and actually very helpful which can be a plus to some people looking to have fun.Negative/sThe story is very short and ambiguous which leaves the player wanting more if youre into the PVE aspect. I believe there is great potential to add more to the story however this is not the main selling point of the game so its understandable."
76561198075026691,Recommended,473690,34591893,Posted: 29 August,all,2AK1,"Fantastic game.I will not go into explaining what the game is and what you can or cannot do, there is a FAQ thread on the game steam forum.How does it run?Game runs flawlessly for me, apart of 2 crashes I had on the first 15 minutes after the game released (one was on the first loading screen, second after character creation). And got no lag whatsoever.How do I find it?This game is unique in its design, art style and atmosphere.The fighting has a lot of depth, require understanding of moves, stamina management and perfect timing along with having the right gear for the right fighting style. It has a learning curve and requires patience.I love how competent and challenging the ai is, and the feeling when meeting other players and co operating.What would I like to see in post launch support?I am looking forward to the devs ironing certain issues like the camera and servers stability that some players are suffering from. Aswell as adding more stuff in future updates. I personally would love to have more players per area, like 6 maybe or at least 4, and more boss fights and places to explore. More swag is always welcome (I love the gear designs btw).Final thoughts?This game is definitely not for everyone.. I personally had the chance to play the closed beta and I pretty much knew exactly what I was getting, I urge you to do your homework before committing.Last but not least, yep yepThank you for reading."
76561198118396695,Recommended,473690,34763560,Posted: 5 September,all,DrewDeee,All im gonna say about this is give it 5-6 hours and you'll start to really begin on an epic game.
76561197991646412,Not Recommended,473690,34762477,Posted: 5 September,all,Saronus1,"Single player has pretty much no story, this wouldn't be a problem if the online features of the game actually worked or if I could play co-op for more than a few minutes without a crash or freeze, I get that they are having server problems but to not be able to access half the game for the better part of a week? Unacceptable in a game over £20"
,Not Recommended,473690,34619291,Posted: 30 August,all,Psyrodrax,"Absolver is the buggiest piece of mess I ever played. If you were to combat any AI in game while on a slope, they would teleport all over the damn place, go out of bounds, go back to spawn point heal themselves up and fight you again. In this game you can't even heal a significant amount and the tutorial is terrible and doesn't explain any of the combat mechanics.The game then proceeds to punish you for their lack of information presented. For example, in a fight, you throw a kick while the enemy throws a kick, all of a sudden you get stun locked even though your kick is clearly faster, your leg flies through the enemy's body and it doesn't even connect.At any time, if you drop 1 meter down, you take 1/4 of your hp in damage, since you can't heal back, you have to run around like a deer evading swarms of enemies.The Controls are so irreponsive, for example, if you press the button to switch stance, but because you threw an attack before, the game overwrites your input and switches to a different stance, messing up your input instead of prioritising your input. Again, there's no tutorial on how to use the combat deck, they just throw it in and you have to learn yourself.Additionally, the combat deck system is so pointless, the game happens too fast and the networking and input is too slow to even react to your controls. It's literally a faceroll button masher trying to deceive players with the illusion of choice.The uncontrollable dialogue system and the unskippable cutscene is a pain. When you speak to a NPC, you literally have to stare at one sentence for 5 seconds, I kid you not. There's no button to go to the next line, so you stare at one sentence, then the game moves on to the next, then the one after and next thing you knew, you wasted half a minute for no reasons."
,Recommended,473690,34721022,Posted: 3 September,all,Tacti-Cool,Like dark souls but with your fists10/10
76561198036552198,Recommended,473690,34603543,Posted: 30 August,all,Sporter,"From my own personal opinion this game is very enjoyable and has alot of potential. To me this game feels still in its early stages and could be improved here and there. Since i am playing at Australia, i am experiencing a lot of lag which wouldnt be relevent in the future. But if you do ever lag ingame, the experience is dreadful and awful as it is offsync in sound and animation which can be frustrating. But besides the annoying lag the game itself is beautiful, amazing, technical and generally fun to play. Since i did play For Honor, i think this is a more worth than For Honor as it is cheaper and more customizable to how you play as you can customize your own character and deck. Which i like alot as it makes me different from other players.i would rate this game 8/10Edit: Remember that this game is only under $30 and is developed by a small group in comparison to AAA titles. This itself is already a pro as now a game like this is hard to find with this pricepoint"
76561198171050089,Recommended,473690,34679093,Posted: 2 September,all,SlayersPK,"i rate this game a solid 4 out of 10. but if you injoy the ninja storm seires and for honor, well you'll probly injoy this game it has the same spammy ♥♥♥♥♥es and high level endgame. thats about it those games but a new game ya know. btw i love it"
,Recommended,473690,34616586,Posted: 30 August,all,Onime no Ryu,"As someone who has practiced martial arts with a passion IRL, this is a game that I've always wanted but has never existed until this moment. Traditional fighting games and most beat 'em ups, brawlers, or character action/hack-n-slash rpgs have never, at least in my experience thus far, captured the true essence of hand-to-hand martial arts in the way that Absolver does (God Hand came close, but its lovably over-the-top, animesque attitude is the focus moreso than the ""art"" of fighting). Sure, there are still combo strings to memorize, you have to develop timing and reflexes in order to parry or evade, and so forth, but it feels so much more organic and immersive actually learning and performing these techniques than just knowing what directional input+buttons performs each one. The atmosphere and design helps this aspect just as much as the gameplay; the clearly Wuxia-inspired setting and the care put into the emulation of each technique brings to mind something like the Avatar franchise (Airbender and Korra). Compared to something like MMA, some of the moves might seem a little flashy (I know from personal experience that flying/spinning moves aren't actually that great an idea in real fights) but the ability to choose your moveset allows you to do exactly as Bruce Lee and other masters have always espoused: Keep what works for you, discard what doesn't.Yes, you will probably have to put a deal of time into the game before you really develop skill with it; it certainly has a learning curve, but rather than perpetuate the ""it's the Dark Souls of X!"" meme I'd actually compare it to something like Monster Hunter at much higher speed. Every move has a tell, and the limits between what moves can be inserted where on a combo-flowchart allows you to narrow down the possibilities an opponent might be able to throw at you from a given stance or move. But I feel like that too adds to the ""martial arts"" theme--you don't earn a black belt in a day. That said, progression can be fairly steady. If you're good at parrying, absorbing, or evading hits you'll learn moves pretty quickly. Even if you're not learning techniques often, you'll still gather experience at what so far seems like a pretty quick rate, especially in the PvP matches, and can bump your stats up so that the moves you do have become that much more effective. I fear not the fighter who knows all the styles, I fear the fighter who has mastered one.In other aspects, the game is a little less polished, but I think most folks expected that going in. It's not an AAA title, Oceania doesn't even seem to have dedicated servers yet, the graphics aren't the most eyepopping things, sound effects need work and a lot of other features could stand to be added or upgraded. The story and lore isn't super deep from what I've learned so far, but then again I've still got a couple of bosses to beat and features to unlock from the NPC mentors. It still holds together well and it's obvious the core of the game is in the combat, so as long as the devs continue to take feedback and regularly update I have high hopes for this title. As far as connectivity issues, I'm playing this in an area currently on the fringes of Hurricane Harvey and have only had one moment where the lag pretty much broke everything.  There have been a handful of moments where a large number of enemies will cause some hiccups, or where a PvP match boots me out, but they're few and far between and I suspect it's more of an issue on my end. Again, if the devs keep ironing things out as we go forward I'm sure it'll get better for those of you having real issues with it.In this era of Early Access cash grabs, obsession with making things ""difficult"" instead of just basing the gameplay on skill, and bad dev-player relations, I feel like Absolver not only got the formula they were trying to emulate right, but also provides a truly unique experience as a game rather than just riding Soulsborne coat tails. There's no Hadoukens or Flash Steps or Super Saiyans (by this I mean that the Powers don't feel super flashy and such), but if the idea of being a wandering warrior, traveling wherever your feet may take you solely in the pursuit of perfecting your techniques and growing stronger, testing yourself against all manner of opponent in honorable duels (or being a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ganker I guess) appeals to you, then by all means give this game a try!"
,Recommended,473690,34655555,Posted: 1 September,all,Furious4Crew,"The game is really fan-freakin-tastic, the beautiful environmets, the fighting mechanics, everything is awesome, until you go online. If you are buying it, make sure you are living in asia because the server lag is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ horrible and its impossible to play online. Just IMPOSSIBLE. You will keep teleporting from one place to another along with your opponent, be it and NPC or a player."
76561198079508030,Recommended,473690,34655740,Posted: 1 September,all,Greenfield,Server connection failed
76561198004414106,Recommended,473690,34694234,Posted: 2 September,all,Knight Paladin,"I like playing this game, it has a lot of replayablity and is a really fun fighting game if you practice it. Definitely worth it if you have a good online connection. It is about a 8/10"
76561198000086374,Recommended,473690,34652475,Posted: 31 August,all,smokin big zoinks in amish,"This game's combat alone should be enough to get your money's worth out if it. Server's are iffy at the moment, but the Developers have been extremely fast with updates so I have high hopes for this one."
,Recommended,473690,34632933,Posted: 31 August,all,ｂｌｅｈ,"I was really upset about the lack of OCE servers at launch, but the devs got onto fixing it fast and it's been so enjoyable since"
,Recommended,473690,34661639,Posted: 1 September,all,BananaMan,Joined pvp lobby against a guy.The map we got had cliffs to fall from.We both kept jumping of the cliff.10 mins later we we're both level 60 and lvl 100 in pvp.Boosting Confirmed.10/10 friendly people. besides me. I join the beatdown instead of helping :)
76561198120642444,Recommended,473690,34630085,Posted: 31 August,all,Michael Scott,Beautiful.    8.5 /10
76561198054335075,Recommended,473690,34677917,Posted: 1 September,all,Dark@ngel,The game release only a few day ago and already have hacker.. Nice Job
,Recommended,473690,34652466,Posted: 31 August,all,Ol' Dirty Durp •̪̀●́,Great game for thoughs that enjoy their PvP upclose. Based around martial arts styles using hand to hand and melee weapons such as Sword and Bo Staff.
,Recommended,473690,34679712,Posted: 2 September,all,[✠] Regina Glacies,"Kind of a short lived story. I would've expected to go to various different worlds so just only one world proved unsatisfactory. But the combat was really good and it was pretty fun early in the game but there were only minor stressful moments nearing the end. It really seemed like you could button mash throughout the game but it hardly helpedd which is honestly good. Some only few problems that I've had was the lack of training/assistance in the introductory area before going to the actual world. The game looks really good, which is a plus. Still I really wanted a way longer story for it only took 3-4 hours to beat. Although there's probably other things I haven't tried, this game's just overall good.I'd give it like a 7/10 only because it was such a short story."
,Recommended,473690,34695201,Posted: 2 September,all,Cormick,"I'm recommending this game, but keep in mind that there are glaring issues with it at the moment. The servers are down pretty often (I'm in the U.S, I've heard the situation is worse in other regions), the game has a long progression system yet saves are only kept on your computer, there's a higher chance of hackers because they can easily edit those saves without a server check, and there's not much of an endgame besides the 1v1 arena (but they have confirmed they will be adding free content later on). The developers interact with the community a lot and have been promising they are working on these issues, so I'll probably edit this review as they get fixed.Despite those problems, this is easily one of my favorite fighting games now. I still had a great time fighting NPCs when the servers were down, and once I got to test myself against actual players the combat became even more satisfying. I'm not going to give an in-depth overview of the mechanics since other people have done it a lot better than I could, but I just wanted to add to the praise of this game. It was made by a small team but the combat system has more polish than anything I've seen in a long time."
,Not Recommended,473690,34745950,Posted: 4 September,all,Tomas the Feel Engine,"Even tho i enjoyed the game, the constant server problems are just making the game unplayable."
76561197995599842,Recommended,473690,34615599,Posted: 30 August,all,Pinny,"Allow me to preface this by saying that I'm not typically one to play fighting games.Now that's out of the way, I'm a big fan of Absolver.  It's an open world game split up into many different subsections you seemlessly transition into where you and potentially two other people get to run around in and beat up NPCs and learn moves from them.  Or you can beat up other players you run into, that's your choice.  At any given time there can only be three players in an area, so it's not an MMORPG in the traditional sense of the word.First and foremost, this is a PVP focused game.  The developers do plan to add more PvE content later down the line with free content updates, but currently if you buy this game you buy it with the understanding that PvP is going to be 90% of what you do.  The PvE is there to help get you warmed up to the fighting systems and to teach you how to deal with each of the three main combat styles (Forsaken, Khalt, Windfall).  PvE is also the safest place to learn new moves to customize your fighting deck.  Currently, the PvE in this game can take you about a few hours to complete.  The developers plan to add 3 man dungeons into the game at some point in timeIn Absolver, you don't learn new moves by leveling up, you learn by fighting opponents, by blocking, countering, absorbing, or dodging their moves.  This applies both in PvE and in PvP, but the catch is that in order to keep your progress towards learning moves, you need to win the encounter.  What does this mean?  It means you're not going to be able to start the game, jump into PvP instantly with the default deck of your style, and learn all the moves unless you're able to beat people with the stock movelist.Absolver has the typical fighting game style moves: High, Mid, Low attacks.  Blocking is omnidirectional, so you don't have to block in a certain direction or altitude in order to block attacks, but while blocking works in every direction at the push of a button, Parrying requires you to parry in the direction of the incoming attack (left, right) while Dodging requires you to dodge away from the attack (by jumping, ducking, or dodging to the left/right)Speaking of the combat styles, the Forsaken style has the ability to Parry, Windfall has the ability to Dodge (don't confuse this for the generic dodge feature.  This is a specialized dodge allowing you to jump over, duck under, or strafe attacks), while Khalt has the ability to Absorb incoming attacks.  You pick one style at the start of the game and are able to learn the other three by joining schools created by other players.  These schools also let you use the Combat Deck of the school's creator, which can be used to help you in creating your own deck.The Combat Deck is where Absolver differs from other games.  As I mentioned earlier, you learn moves from PvE/PvP, and from there you can customize your very own fighting style from the selection of moves you have available to you.  These moves range from punches, kicks, charged attacks, guard breaks, parry attacks and much more.  Learning all the moves in the game will take a few days, at the very least.The main draw of the game is PvP.  At the moment, you have two options: You can roam the world and beat up other players you encounter, which doesn't do anything for you other than potentially help you learn new moves, or you can rest at a shrine and queue up for 1v1 matches.  These matches will award you with EXP to level your character, as well as progress your PVP rating, which will allow you to fight tougher versions of the PvE bosses, in order to earn their gear.  Currently, Absolver only has a 1v1 game mode, but the developers are planning to release a 3v3 game mode as part of a free update.So, that's Absolver in a nutshell.  Now, coming from someone who doesn't play fighting games, I've been enjoying myself so far.  Being able to create your own unique fighting style while learning to counter your opponent is the main appeal of this game, and it does it very well.  Plus, the game is $30.  Do I recommend the game?  Yes, yes I do."
76561198073615732,Recommended,473690,34668800,Posted: 1 September,all,GanjahTurtle,"Great game, tons of awesome looking moves  to combine, and fun gameplay.But, the camera is garbage, there aren't a whole lot of customization options and I'm having trouble finding people to duel."
,Recommended,473690,34675696,Posted: 1 September,all,Grape Juice Hero,"Extremely entertaining game. Unique combat system, appealing appearals with varying values of defence and durability. Went from level 1 - level 30 and beat the game in the matter of one day, sadly in single-player. But have not been able to connect to servers so not sure if my data will be valid."
76561198108563761,Recommended,473690,34676259,Posted: 1 September,all,M200ew,Combat style is difficult but feels rewarding when you build your first deck that works for you. completely satisfying
,Recommended,473690,34679211,Posted: 2 September,all,Flokiii,Amazing game from all views
76561198019650728,Recommended,473690,34675843,Posted: 1 September,all,Alejo Sotelo,"no need to read the reviews, just buy the game! best fighting game out there"
11001110010100101,Recommended,473690,34592641,Posted: 29 August,all,The Censored One,Everybody loves Kung-Fu fighting!!!!
,Recommended,473690,34615471,Posted: 30 August,all,Monkeyskank [P4],"The gameplay is great, the world and graphics are lovely ! The moves are cool and it takes a good amount of time to unlock everything i guess.The map is not easy to read but if you explore everything, you'll eventually find everything, it's as simple as that !the server issues are not a big deal and will get better. I mean it's day 2 and it was quite an OK launch knowing it's a small developper team.You'll like it for it's gameplay and for it's build your own fighter in a pvp environment, and if you like a bit of a challenge.You'll not like it if you need to be holded by the hand on every aspect of a game, and need a solid story to get into a game."
76561198086688510,Recommended,473690,34675386,Posted: 1 September,all,Enter Sadman,"really nice in-depth fighting/customisation, good visual aesthetic, the multiplayer server connectivity needs some touch ups  but if you can look past it then you might find something really fun to play"
76561198071270129,Recommended,473690,34675524,Posted: 1 September,all,Capp_,"Best Melee combat I have ever played. the controls are simple to learn but, along with the cutomization of attacks, allows for a deep level of customization and strategy. I love Dark Souls style combat BUT I don't really like the memorizing part. Always feels a bit cheap. The pacing and tells of Absolver allow m,ore improvisation, which I love. And the ambience is pretty cool. Mystical.I also love the way you can learn new moves by successful fighting enemies with those moves. You really earn the new moves and the learning feels athentic.Customizing strings of attacks offers quite a bit of options.It is a shame that everything else seems lacking. Not sure there is a story. The level design is passable but minimal. There doesn't seem to be a way to sell off eqipments, even duplicates. Enemy variety is low.Still enjoying my time with the game but it is clearly uinfinished. Would make an excellent early access title. My hope is that they will continue developing it because they rteally have the start of something special here."
76561198056591778,Recommended,473690,34675986,Posted: 1 September,all,The Kiwi,"Quite a brilliant game. It's small, but well crafted and deserving of praise.But it is greatly wasted potential. Few games have such a masterfully crafted combat mechanic or has such a decently decorated enviroment, yet Absolver is disappointly short. That is to say, it lacks content, a lot.I delibaretedly avoided reading up anything about Absolver on forums because I didn't want to get my hopes up, maybe if I did I would have at least waited for a sale before buying it because quite frankly (what was to me) a 5 hours experience isn't worth its current price. Though I should specify that it took me those 5 hours to complete it's entire quite short ""story missions"", if I can even call it that. The rest of my playtime is entirely grinding through the combat trials pvp system.Absolver advertises a ""relationship-binding online experience"", but so far my experiences with other players in the pve section of the game was rather passive. Most players were content with ignoring me entirely as long as I showed no aggression, whilst a very few attacked me on sight, and sometimes when I revived them (or they revive me) they simply attack me again. On very very few ocassions we engaged in some manner of co-operative action, but it was always short-lived.The trailers and various images showed off swordplay and staff combat as well as martial arts, but I was greatly disappointed to discover that weapons are only present in the game as quite temporary, either breaking after being used a while or knocked out of your hand if you get hit too hard. And the Bo staff simply doesn't exist in the game, far as I know.Imagine if Absolver's brilliant design and mechanics were incorporated into a fully-fledged grand title, instead of a 4 gigabyte novel arcade game?While I enjoyed the game (and I hope I'll continue to when and/or if further content is added) I firmly believe it needs a slight price reduction. In short; it's a good game, just get it during a sale."
,Recommended,473690,34676151,Posted: 1 September,all,Manndroid,Refreshingly deep and unique combat system mixed with some Eric Chahi-esque aesthetics. Good stuff.
,Recommended,473690,34677449,Posted: 1 September,all,Barry Krumbs,"This is an amazing, unique and epic game that makes the player feel like they are in full control of the combat unlike most fighting games and i love the feel of this game personally so i suggest it to everyone :)"
,Recommended,473690,34580880,Posted: 29 August,all,cameron pants,"great game with very fun and fluid combat, haven't had any lag issues and the community so far has been extremely friendly. the game has definitely been a blast so far and I can't wait to experience the COOP with one of my friends. highly recommend picking up this game if you're a fan of dark souls"
,Recommended,473690,34692075,Posted: 2 September,all,TaifuDragon,A masterful combat system that will keep you planning and building for hours on end. Worth the wait.
,Recommended,473690,34730848,Posted: 4 September,all,Ziggy Stardust,"Combat is sick, atmosphere is super immersive"
76561197983732123,Recommended,473690,34964614,Posted: 14 September,all,Gilben,"Best new take on the fighting genre since SSB, and my favourite multiplayer game since OW! If you enjoy deep combat systems (much, MUCH deeper than something like For Honor, this is more like Street Fighter) then you should get this. The single player campaign is short, but is pretty much just a tutorial for the multiplayer, which is the real meat of the game. It's also a good place to blow off steam and grind for moves ( and there's a couple extra challenges for when you reach certain ranks).Seriously, if you like intense 1-on-1 PVP, buy this game.There's some network/stability issues, which I'm sure will be ironed out over time.The game design is very deep, art is lovely, and music is intense.Just be warned that you WILL get the snot beaten out of you for a while as you slowly wrap your head around the dense and rewarding combat mechanics. You'll keep thinking ""this is clearly the best way to fight"" only to be annihilated by someone not using that strategy whatsoever.(P.S. I can't believe the reviews are ""mixed"" on here because of some technical issues, it's like complaining about the canvas under a Van Gogh! It's a small team and anyone who's worked on games can tell you networking patches take time.)"
76561198319358264,Recommended,473690,34749965,Posted: 4 September,all,Unclejonjon,10/10 would bang but the servers for online get a fat -10/10
,Recommended,473690,34642078,Posted: 31 August,all,Anfifo,It's as awesome as it looks;Dark Souls meets martial arts but with less lore;A For Honor with servers and decent PVE and actual honourable people;It's... well... Really good and worth the money.
76561198067326330,Recommended,473690,34643594,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr. Puffins,"Lovin' it so far... its a game about strategy and playing with the mind of your opponents (i'm talking about PvP of course)If you are new to this type of games, like For Honor or something like that, first you will have this nasty habit of mashing buttons and hoping for the best, that will change as time passes and you keep getting your face caved in. You gotta keep your cool, chain your attacks, baits and specials to overcome your opponent, now for pros and cons list.Pros:-Fantastic Ambience, they managed to create a beautiful world with modest engine and graphics-Good performance, im currently playing in such a crap laptop so for certain features i do have to lower some settings a bit, but that doesn't dull the experience that much-Combat (obviously), it has a learing curve that you'll get the hang of after some hours of play-Create your own combat deck, theres a large number of moves and a vast (although not infinite) amount of ways to arrange them-Nice Co-op, this definetly can become a far more greater feature, group fights against other enemy groups can be so friggin cool, switching opponents with your ally on the fly n all that good stuffCons:-While the map its very pretty and big, its not as big as it pretends to be, it kinda looks open worldly though its not.-Orientation, speaking of maps, trying to guide yourself through this place for the first time its a nightmare, the minimap is quite garbage-A few bugs here and there, fighting an enemy on a stair case with them on the high ground its terrible, some of your attacks dont connect but theirs always do-Fall damage is quite punishing, there are various segments of the map where you will have to fight on platforms, some of them are plain good ol' pits of ponds where you can easily and effortlessly get yourself killed, other platforms you fight on and end up falling from deal a massive amount of damage, so if you have like 3/4 of your life and you fall like 8 meters (dont know how much is that in murican) your stubby little legs will snap in half and youll die.TL;DR  very nice game, strategy, reflexes and constant learning are your best friends. Devs need to step up their game tho, theres a good amount of equipment, techniques and weapons to unlock but im afraid that won't cut it for the long run on this game's comunnity."
,Recommended,473690,34643503,Posted: 31 August,all,Altron,(Jade Empire + Fight Night Round 3)×Donnie Yen + Slapped
,Not Recommended,473690,34756180,Posted: 5 September,all,Shift,"Anyone can tell you about how good the combat system is. I'm here to talk about the rest of the game experience, which is just awful:- Poorly programmed matchmaking, both in the sense that sometimes you'll need to return to main menu after it times out but leaves you locked in the matchmaking menu, or that it'll match you with people significantly above or below your level.- Constant timeouts on loading screens and area transitions, leading to a need for constant restarts while trying to find matches.- Poor servers anywhere outside America and the EU, leaving the actual match quality once if you manage to get into PVP game basically a flip of a coin.- Abysmal progression mechanics combined with all the above meaning that your reward for waiting 15 minutes through restarts to get into a match and get wiped dued to high lag might just be an exact duplicate of the game's starting gear that you can't even remove from your inventory, adding to an ever growing list of cluter.- The fact that the open world is also affected by your online latency, necessitating playing in offline mode in order to make basic progression through the story/open world, thereby excising some of the game's main selling points.All of this coupled with the fact that the Singeplayer element to the game is largely just a glorified tutorial (And New Game Plus aspects of which are locked behind Multiplayer Progression) lead me to my verdict: Don't ♥♥♥♥ing Buy Absolver. I've had some truly invigorating multiplayer matches when I can get them, but all of my enjoyment with them has been utterly smothered by the endless garbage trying to interact with them."
,Recommended,473690,34626049,Posted: 30 August,all,| Mystic |,"i love this game. i played the beta and a lot looks to have been improved and balanced out.i see a lot of people complaining about lag, but i cant say i experience this, and im playing on my colleges wifi which is relatively subpar. connecting to other players however is just a 50/50 right now. ive tried to invite friends numerous times but only succeeded 3 times, so that could use some work.the gameplay and combat is good, but playing online is far harder due to the increased density of enemies. its like they expect you to play with others. not exactly my style, because just like in dark souls, id like to beat the game without ""summoning"" other players, but thats ♥♥♥♥ing hard due to how often you run into npc gank squads.Edit: Connectivity isnt like a slot machine anymore. Guess their servers got an upgrade.my only issue is that when starting the game, its like im spinning a slot machine, hoping to hit on something, hoping to just be let onto the server. i assume this is due to overload, or perhaps just the high traffic on their unprepared servers.Edit: Lag has become less of a problem as of 1.05. It does exist, but its less frequent.i wont downvote this game over lag. too much of that and youll set the overall user reviews to mixed, and that will automatically put off tons of people, so if you want to see this game shine, leave your complaints under a nice little blue thumb please."
76561198080518399,Recommended,473690,34638230,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr.Unhappy,"If your chirldhood dream to be martial art master, look no more.Overall i 2 things i having to dislike this game the camera angle is quite  frustrating  and the lag...If the dev fix the camera problem i play this game back"
76561198161428801,Recommended,473690,34638528,Posted: 31 August,all,ronin,"great game, cool fighting style, only problem is fighting more people once"
,Recommended,473690,34623381,Posted: 30 August,all,🎃Cite👻,"Absolver is a uniquely-crafted and intricate fighting game with a lot of depth and an enjoyable world to explore. While the main campaign, which clearly takes some cues from Dark Souls in the layout and presentation of the world, is fun, the clear meat-and-potatoes of the game is the PVP combat, which is also where the game truly shines. There's no other fighting game quite like it, and the Combat Deck system allows for tons of variation on movesets. Dodging, weaving, and putting in the perfect flurry of attacks on your foe feels fantastic. This game absolutely makes you feel like a martial artist badass, and that's all I really wanted.There are some unfortunate server issues that plague most online games, but these should hopefully be ironed out soon enough. When these fixes roll through, I would highly recommend Absolver to anyone looking for a unique take on fighting games."
,Recommended,473690,34703622,Posted: 2 September,all,Kxx8,"Most fun ive had in a fighter ever.The endless posobilities for creating a deck is insane, if you can think of a style, you can make it.The only down side for me right now is lack of content but the developers say they will be bringing out plentyof new stuff soon.The learning curve is EXTREAMELY steep it might take you 2 hours to understand it.But to be able to use it to its full potential took me about 20 hours, once you do though its so satifying.Great game would recommend to anyone who enjoys fighters and mmo pvp.If your looking for more of a pve expirance i advise to look elseware."
,Recommended,473690,34688454,Posted: 2 September,all,Dennis Moore,"Great game.Refresing gameplay.Easy to learn, hard to master.Sometimes laggy.Keep it going devs."
,Recommended,473690,34688182,Posted: 2 September,all,Chief_LUX,"Some of the most fun I've had in recent weeks. Honestly despite it's flaws it's a joy to play and makes you feel like a bonafide badass. But there are flaws that are fairly prevelant at times.Including but not limited to:-Rubberbanding- Although only experienced a couple of times it can get to be unbearable if not fixed-Short story- Finished the game in 6 hours though there is still much to be explored and done. Here's hoping to free updates in the future!-Steep learning curve- This game isn't one you can just pick up, play for 2 hours, and expect to master. You need to invest time AND I CAN'T STRESS THAT ENOUGH-Fairly small map-  Although lovingly crafted, the map is somewhat lacking in size. Still enjoyable though (As they say ""Not about the size but how you use it ;)"")But now onto the pros--Entrancing art style- The world is absolutely stunning and the art style and vivid colors are set to stun you throughout your entire experience. I found myself stopping to enjoy the scenery much more than I probably should have, yet couldn't seem to stop myself-Fluid and innovative combat controls- The Four stance combat system is extremely fun to use and experiement with, and by using it you somehow feel your skill growing in the game-Combat Deck- Another innovative feature that makes the game feel custom to you. You can basically make your own fighting style and make tweaks as you go along to make your character stronger, faster, or more agile, all depending on how you want to play-CUSTOMIZATION!!!- Character creation is lacking with a handful of haircuts, colors and the choice between male or female. But that doesn't really matter as you're wearing a full face mask throughout the entire game and do not see your characters face except for a few glimpses here and there during cutscenes. But god, oh GOD is the gear abundunt and diverse.-Soundtrack- Music is beautifully crafted and immersive. Not once have I found myself wishing that I turned the music setting down before I entered combat-Player interaction- Outside of combat trials I'm not usually hostile towards other players, yet find find myself helping players who are struggling with combat. And the occasional duel here and there really spices up the environment.Summary- I would reccomend this game 9 times out of 10 for anyone and everyone. This game is as equally rewarding playing solo as it is playing with friends, and the beautiful world is going to entertain you for hours on end. I would give this game a 8.5/10 because of it's small map and short story, but guarantee your entertainment because of it's seemingly endless combat customization and mentorship feature."
76561198088053842,Not Recommended,473690,35506760,Posted: 5 October,all,Datsurb,"This is a really unique game with a lot of potential, but it gets really repetitive and boring after a while. You strive to have the best combat deck, and the road to it is really fun, but once you get it, there is nothing more in the game.It is lacking in PvE content, and once you get a good deck and beat everyone, it just stops being satisfying. It becomes repetitive, and you end up finding it boring after a short amount of time. In For Honor if something becomes repetitive, you can just pick a different hero. If you wanna do something different here, then you have to switch combat styles. This doesn't change much either, all it does is change what special defensive ability you have.The connection in this game is really bad as well. It has a pier to pier system, which almost never works out. The architechture of this pier to pier system is around the quality of For Honor's. You often lag out in such a way that you have to restart your game, and quite a few times you can't even connect to the servers at all in the first place.I wish I could recommend this game considering how unique everything is and the potential that the game has, but the game unfortunately doesn't utilize its potential."
,Not Recommended,473690,35506144,Posted: 5 October,all,DeadTurtle,"After failing over 30 times, to beat the two bosses that fight you at the same time.I've found it difficult to progress, i mean the games good, however I've tried switching up my build, different speeds, different moves, can't beat them.Guess I'm just bad at the game... I dunno..."
76561197963205359,Not Recommended,473690,34621609,Posted: 30 August,all,Miceweasel,"The learning curve starts really high (Yea, I know. Get good) but the game keeps randomly throwing 3-4 enemies at you even before you've gotten the hang of fighting one guy.Trying to use your defensive ability will result in being punished most of the time for new / bad players.The PvE is really short and the PvP only has 1 vs 1 unlocked.You might meet ""male-genitalia-heads""-human players in narrow parts of the PvE part that will attack you and thereby lock you in the zone so you can only leave by dying or beating them, which will be hard when it's 2 vs 1 and they use swords.I would not recommend this game, yet. After more content is released it is likely I would change my mind though."
76561197974459941,Recommended,473690,34590187,Posted: 29 August,all,Fat and fancy,Best game
,Not Recommended,473690,34637669,Posted: 31 August,all,axfelix,"I really like what they're doing here (PVP, hand-to-hand Souls), it looks and feels good, but I don't think it's ready yet.- Mouse controls for using class-specific abilities are really awkward and basically necessitate using a controller because of this one thing that can't be rebound- Level design is pretty bland; art is classy but uninteresting and environments are unremarkable- Gear isn't too interesting either, it's just there- Learning new moves requires tanking too long against regular mooks, especially if you're playing a dodge-focused rather than a tanking-focused class- I'm all in favour of having short single-player campaigns that serve as tutorials for multi-oriented games (ala Titanfall 2) but this might be a little too light- Servers have been hosed since releaseI want to like it, the core game is good and all of this is fixable, but idk how long it'll take them to fix this."
,Recommended,473690,34588923,Posted: 29 August,all,Col. GotGreat,"Having put in 2 hours now of absolver, I can definitely say its a great game. I'd recommend it if you are a fan of dark souls or fighting games.Pros:* Very complex and interesting fighting that is extremely fun* Always online, so there's always people to fight or coop with, unless you go into offline mode on steam (the game IS still playable offline)* Fun PVE and PVP, though there's not a ton of the former* All enemies except for bosses and mini bosses come back, as far as I've noticedCons:* Short PVE campaign, reportedly takes about 12 Hrs to complete* Lag and rubberbanding can happen. If it does, there's a quick fix: go to an altar, sit down, go to social, then invite someone. This puts you in a different connection than the previous one, effectively eliminating lag. HOWEVER, this should just happen automatically, and we shouldn't have to bother with it.Overall: So far, I'm loving it, and cannot believe it has mixed reviews on steam right now. Yes there is ONE issue, but it's solvable easily, although it is pretty annoying. Yes the game IS hard, that's sorta the point.Shoutout to all the idiots giving negative reviews because the game has PVP all the time: Either go into offline, play with a friend, or learn to be a better fighter. There's no consequences to even dying, so quit whining!"
76561198222332680,Recommended,473690,34594588,Posted: 29 August,all,Nox Tenebris,"Should you buy this game servey:Do you have friends?A) YesB) My mother says so...C) NoD) I play videogames in the basement all day...Results:A) Buy the game.B) ...C) You virtue is honesty, not charisma. Also don't buy the game.D) You can be my friend."
,Recommended,473690,34590076,Posted: 29 August,all,OneMoment,"10/10, would get beaten up again"
76561198120696949,Recommended,473690,34590104,Posted: 29 August,all,Slug,"Complex systems, but not stupidly hard to get into. Lots of fun with friends."
,Recommended,473690,34611203,Posted: 30 August,all,Osmodias,Kungfu PvP based dark souls.
,Recommended,473690,34612742,Posted: 30 August,all,Copper,"This game is amazing.What you need to know: Absolver is not really an MMO; it's not really a single player game; it's not a card game. Absolver is an awesome PVP fighting game.There is a beautiful open world to explore, and a ""quest line"" (like most fighting games' story modes, it's basically a list of people to beat up); but both exist mainly to teach you how to play and cool-off between PVP matches. The primary focus of the game is PVP. I feel like reviewing Absolver harshly for its single player content is as silly as reveiwing Smash Bro's poorly for its single player content. That's not what the game is really about (it is quite pretty though)...Absolver is about fighting. Players unlock moves by fighting NPCs and eachother, and use their collection of moves to build a unique fighting style (called a ""combat deck""). The system is too complex to describe here, but it's brilliant; and works amazingly well. I have tried several radically different combat decks (all kicks, all punches, etc.), and after some adjustment period, they all seemed almost equally viable.If you enjoy PVP oriented fighting games (*cough* For Honor *cough*), I would highly recommend trying Absolver.I love this game."
76561198189641762,Recommended,473690,34595974,Posted: 29 August,all,Commallow,"It is really good, the combat system is really unique but if you are playing the game for the single player you can roughly  beat it in like 5 hours"
,Recommended,473690,34585243,Posted: 29 August,all,agwitz,"absolutely love the game to death! only problem i have is when i try to close out, i have to sign out of my computer to get the game to close. and yes i tried control alt delete."
76561198046986895,Recommended,473690,34623431,Posted: 30 August,all,Quaoid,Game's great when it works.
76561198058240905,Not Recommended,473690,34646574,Posted: 31 August,all,Yushii,"Maybe for $20 but not $30/$40This doesnt sync well with a keyboard for myself, I would actually prefer a controller which i never do on pc games just personally it's not my style.-Server's are -_-  especially on the weekends you might as well forget it-PVP isnt the best but not the worst-PVE is bleh for a $30 dollar game-If your a random button clicker kind of player this is not the game for youIt just came out so maybe in a few months it will be alot smoother but I havent played it too long and its kind of getting boring already. I just do PVP because it faster and seems a bit better to practice actual fighting/blocking than getting a 5 vs 1 you do in PVE."
76561198085761483,Recommended,473690,34636160,Posted: 31 August,all,Viitoldie,"since this game's release, ive reached max level and beat every boss on level 3 difficulty. I have items the wiki doesnt know exists. help me"
76561198036545824,Recommended,473690,34652213,Posted: 31 August,all,Howl Huxley,"it's a work of art.There are issues, but Absolver to me is one of those games breaking new ground.It's simplistic in its beauty, and devilish in its depth.  It's by no means perfect, but I feel if the dev team continue support it could reach greatness.The biggest issue at the moment is server lag, and I just hope this gets resolved soon.Big love from Australia!"
,Recommended,473690,34594732,Posted: 29 August,all,AFarCryAway,"In 5.7 hours I defeated every enemy boss up until the final boss and still have no idea what the story was about, why I should care for the people of the world, and what an Absolver really is... What guided me through to the end? The intense and impactful hand to hand combat with easy to learn and hard to master techniques and mechanics that were evolving through every beat of the narrative. The hands off approach to story telling might turn some away from Absolver, but it provided me with an experience that I truly felt was my own. Every interaction I had felt natural in the game, from fighting NPCs whose combat sytles changed depending on the region, to encountering other players who either wanted to work together or kill me. My first two hours of Absolver were a painful learning experience for me as a non-fighting game player. But as the mechnics were naturally destributed through the game, I began to understand what it took to win more engagments than I lost. Even now at the end/post game content I feel I still have many things to learn before mastering the combat system (which is a good sign for replayability). And this is all just the hand to hand combat. There is an entire seperate tree of combos dedicated to the melee weapons. Melee might seem out of place or even over powered in a game focused on hand to hand combat, but Absolver handles this masterfully making it where the weapons can easily be disarmed from you by the opponent, or even broken from multiple blocks with the weapon in hand. Another aspect of Absolver worth mentioning is the atmosphere and environments. The unique minimalistic artstyle of the game cuppled with the varied contrasting and vibrant colors makes you stop and gaze out at the distant vistas. The way the world's colors and scenery change time of day when shifting between the regions adds to the sense of adventure.  This is sadly where I have to make my first complaint. The game is beautiful, but suffers from odd performance drops in certain areas and not others. The oddest times the game performance drops are when you are inside of an environment that does not have a large draw distance but still seems to stutter, throwing off your combos and parries at times. Another problem with the launch version of Absolver is the servers. Not only are they seemingly region locked, but they seem to lag, or flat out go out whenever they feel like it. This will lead to annoyance in combat when you swear you timed your parry perfectly just to get smacked with a roundhouse to the face. Lastly, the enemy AI is nothing to scoff at, and they pose a great challenge. But often times you will learn that if you just wait for them to attack first while you block, you can just counter afterwards. They also will always attack after a missed parry, so the enemy AI can become predictable over time. This is not a bad thing, and it does get aliviated as you progress towards the end game and the AI changes their patterns to mix things up a bit. Overall, for a $30 retail release, Absolver delivers exactly what it promises: a mutliplayer combat game where players are placed behind the mask of a Prospect looking to kick♥♥♥♥♥and take names while exploring a beautiful world riddled with hidden collectables and gear while battling enemies with unique and varied fighting styles."
76561198012097310,Recommended,473690,34633538,Posted: 31 August,all,Demoluxx,"I helped a dude kill a bunch of AI's.We took a fair duel.i won.When tried to ress him, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ started punching me.got him ressed, we ganked him and said farewell. 10/10 would gank again"
76561198110244995,Recommended,473690,34633252,Posted: 31 August,all,SEAL_TEAM_RICK,I love this game. It is the only game that even though it crashes for me every ten minutes of gameplay I still love. It's seriously amazing. I just have to try fix the crashes. I think it's my PC not Absolver.
76561197974043124,Not Recommended,473690,35015963,Posted: 16 September,all,ShadowHiest,"*Australian server still broken and cheaters are ever more rampant in PVP (so all of the ""end-game"" is a total waste of time) - Unfortunaterly I can't request a refund anymore...*UPDATE*   -    THERE IS A MAJOR ISSUE WITH HACKERS! the save files for this game arelocal...WTF?So something as basic as a kid with CheatEngine is able to edit there own save file and give infinite Health/Stam/DMG...I mean c'mon guys. Who was the brainiac that thought ""Sure, we can trust the players with this"". I mean really...if the other issues I have listed dont kill this game the hackers will.I would absolutely love to recommend this game. The glaring issue is that it is almost impossible for me to progress any further. At the time of posting this I have put in almost 50 hours, so I have got a decent handle on the game mechanics and unlocked a moderate amount of moves for my combat deck. So I have invested a legit amount of time in this game already on which to base my findings.The problem comes after you have completed the ""story mode"" and after this point it comes down to farming moves you have yet to learn from NPC's and PVP. Majority of the games progression and ALL of the end-game relies on PVP.This is where the game breaks down. The game will lag up to the point of being unplayable (you are literally watching your avatar zoom around the map until it settles...aaand then starts all over again). When versing other payers, with this sort of combat style game where timing is critical, this is game-breaking.Not only does this ruin fights, but in alot of cases, is openly/actively exploited by other players. In some cases I have seen  an entire set of moves ""ghost"" right through an opponent to zero effect. Only then to have that same opponent initiate an unbreakable chain of attacks, regardless of how much you parry or block. This is not a rare ocurrence! The servers appear to favour the person with the worst ping.Whether or not the lag is being actively exploited by players (lag switching, etc...) or is purely due to a server side issue, I don't know. However until it is fixed I can't see myself playing this game fo too long and will probably ask for a refund if this is not properly fixed quickly.I would love to love this game, but the lag just cant be overlooked due to the way they have designed the games' progression system."
,Recommended,473690,34605631,Posted: 30 August,all,你死黑鬼,"Whilst a fun game overall, the campaign was only around 4 hours long. Would be nice if they introduced more of the story mode."
76561198316816558,Recommended,473690,35040102,Posted: 17 September,all,dr. van_nostrand,I absolutely love it. It isnt fast paced and takes alot of stragety and patience which is great in a fighting game. Unlike most fighting games you cant button mash but you also dont have to memeroize combos because you create your own fighting style. There is great content here but definitely a lack of gameplay (outside of farming moves and pvp for hours) which can make the game boring. I do like the idea of creating your own school and i hope they do come out with more classic fighting styles other than staggered such as monkey style.
76561198027973270,Recommended,473690,34593718,Posted: 29 August,all,HenriqueBR97,"My first hour with this game were kinda bittersweet - I liked what I'd seen on the tutorial and soon after it I played a PVP match and it was awesome... Everything was great until I got into to another zone where other players joined my game and it started lagging a lot and I had to turn off multiplayer - I kept playing for a few minutes, but the game felt kind of bland, so I decided to try connecting to the servers again... And, again, it was awesome - I helped some random player fight some NPCs and, after beating them, we were about to part ways when another player showed up and started beating my new buddy, so we joined forces once again and beat the hell out of him and then, finally, we parted ways... Soon after that, I was getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked by some NPCs and the same guy me and my former buddy beat up showed up and saved my life and, soon after that, we bowed to each other and went on our separate ways. That moment gave this game a whole new meaning for me and I realized how much potential it has. I really think it's worth trying this out, specially if you're willing to play online.P.S.: Tried around a hour ago and the servers were down... If they don't fix it, it might ruin the game and I'll probably change this review"
76561198078210771,Recommended,473690,34617031,Posted: 30 August,all,Lilith,">Buy game from extreme hype>Play for like 2-3 hours>heeeythatspretty♥♥♥♥inggoood.jpeg>Friend wants it>become sugar daddy and sponsor him with it>roleplay as sensei (me) and him as apprentice>Run around>kick faces, stab guts and punch out teeth>go beyond gate>apprentice has gotten marvellous at dodging>im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at parrying>""Perhaps you will prove worthy"">O h  n o>Fight b0ss>Get shredded>Apprentice has a go at em>Wins on first try>Madcuzbad.exe>FIght again, and lose>Again, and lose>F u c c.bat>Go back to earlier levels>Get coached by apprentice>myhowthetableshaveturned>Get lv 24 and get sword training + combo help from apprentice>Impale b0ss on my sharp stick until they die.>Mocked to infinity for dying 5 times against em.>11/10 would get surpassed by apprentice again"
,Recommended,473690,34583256,Posted: 29 August,all,$iti Boii,"Love it. Surprisingly well optimized (running it at 60FPS on Ultra on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GTX660). The combat is insanely deep, however if this game doesn't get a lot of support post-release I don't see it surviving."
,Recommended,473690,34645021,Posted: 31 August,all,NonsenseSpeaker,"This game is really good if you love kung fu panda, you have 12038190 options to make your own style BUT-Log in-Server error, can't connect-Log again-Play-10min later UE4 CRASH-Log again- Server error, can't connect-Log again-Play-1v1 start-Can't connect-Relog10/10 WOULD LOG AGAIN"
76561198078175294,Recommended,473690,34585343,Posted: 29 August,all,Karzpa,I'm having fun playing Absolver rn but i encountered 1 bag with the PVP
76561198091815533,Recommended,473690,34614316,Posted: 30 August,all,CSskullflame,>find 5th marked one>kill him by knocking him off an edge>Unlock gravity ability10/10
,Recommended,473690,34659251,Posted: 1 September,all,sienkrich,Every fan of pvp should own this game!!!
,Recommended,473690,34618266,Posted: 30 August,all,Cymen,"This is primarily an online competitive fighting game. But unlike any you have played before. You can make your own combos and pick your moves. It is balanced and deep, yet easy to execute. It is all mindgames and reading the opponent as well as knowing how your own movelist operates.The single player is a Dark Souls-esque open world but really, it is like a sandbox in which you level up your character, learn moves by defending against new ones, get yourself a fashionable outfit and evolve your movelist. There is a bit of story but most is conveyed in item-description, much like Souls games. The easthetic is simplistic but really nice.But the true strengh of the game really lies in fighting other player. You will see awesome moves, avoids, parries and moments that look like the hypest scenes of your favourite martial arts flick.WHOLEHEARTEDLY RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,473690,34592605,Posted: 29 August,all,Spookcelot,"Great game, troubled by server issues at launch but quickly resolved. Satisfying combat and fun to learn"
,Recommended,473690,34622542,Posted: 30 August,all,Garik,"Haven't stopped playing since I got it the cobat is amazingly fluid as if you took the best part of Dark Souls and For Honor and changed it to martial arts, tons of fun to play with and use."
,Recommended,473690,34630359,Posted: 31 August,all,♠ Watson,"You either love it, or hate it. Fighting is the most fun and the only element of this game, so if you're looking for something more, you'll probably hate it.Oh, and, servers in kangaroo island are non existing, apparently."
,Recommended,473690,34588658,Posted: 29 August,all,Rick,"So far I have very high expectations for this game.  They need to add content and variability but for now at release, they're on the right track."
,Recommended,473690,34630627,Posted: 31 August,all,Eremita Silvano,"Lovely kinda-fable graphics style  open worldInteresting coop, with no interruptions ( yeah For Honor im talking to you )Extremely complicated fighting system, but extremely satisfying, at least you loot stuff, unlike FOR HONOR where 9 out 10 times you drop the same ♥♥♥♥ and you need to use steel to have the good stuff.So yeah, *SLOPCLAP keep updating this game please."
76561198099814973,Recommended,473690,34630727,Posted: 31 August,all,MA3 | unikrn.com,"OCE PLAYERgood game, can be played casually or for long periods at a time, OCE servers working well now too"
76561198127223132,Recommended,473690,34643687,Posted: 31 August,all,Klicker,"Damn this has potential. Loving it so far.Edit:  Once you kill these few bosses, all you do is grindin the same areas. Kinda feelripped off."
76561198007414743,Recommended,473690,34630717,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr Kwong,"I enjoy the time spent in game, the visuals are art and the combat system is also a beautiful piece of art. To fight, you need to focus a lot."
,Recommended,473690,34584772,Posted: 29 August,all,Boom Shaka Laka #Agony,"This Game Is exellent!very good like for honor :)good jobif you know how to move in the game, you can win easier.the map I guess open world so make it very good and very nice.thanks for all,thanks for the pre-order <3"
,Recommended,473690,34638516,Posted: 31 August,all,kitclax,hella fun
,Recommended,473690,34638085,Posted: 31 August,all,Verum,"Bad reviews of this game consist of two types of people: those that don't understand that this is a PvP focused game, and those that don't understand that games have server issues on day one launch.  The game itself is fantastic. It's essentially a mixture of dark souls and for honor witout the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bits of for honor.  The amount of depth in the combat is insane and i encourage anyone who enjoys PvP fighting games to give this one a go."
,Recommended,473690,34718076,Posted: 3 September,all,Fax MekClood,"Do not get this game if you expect more than what was specificially said that was in this game, this game provided exactly what it said it would and did an outstanding job doing it. People say the PvE is short, but I disagree, the main story is short, but not the PvE, I have a great time exploring the entire world in PvE. I only have 1 or 2 Cairns to search and some moves to learn. My only complaints would be host advantage in PvP and lack of respec for how low the level cap is (60). But other that the combat is outstanding, they delivered this game well, I just feel they could've put more time into certain aspects, only time can tell now. I give this game an 8.5/10"
76561198046058243,Recommended,473690,34983006,Posted: 15 September,all,Skivin,"For a lot of games these days, the negative reviews are about core gameplay problems, flawed mechanics, devs that don't listen, and so on. Things that will probably never change or be fixed. The postive reviews are often along the lines of ""oh, but they're adding more content later and they'll probably fix it"" even though that content is just stuff to kill time that doesn't change the experience overall and the things they're fixing aren't important.Here you have a situation that is much the opposite; the devs knew exactly what they wanted and focused on fleshing out the gameplay itself as much as possible, and thus the positive reviews are all about things that are more or less set in stone and encompass what you should be doing for most of the game - acutally fighting. The devs are also making very small balance adjustments that are actually based on player feedback instead of looking at win statistics and trying to force them to come out differently.All the thing players are complaining about? Server issues - which can be fixed and are already much less of a problem than they were on launch week, inventory issues with duplicate items and some crummy RNG - things the devs have already said they're working on addressing, and ""lack of direction"" or ""difficulty."" If you don't understand something, you probably just didn't pay attention during the turorial, or you're struggling with a basic concept like ""dodging means the attack doesn't hit you."" Plus since enemies scale to your level and you can go pretty much anywhere first, the real issue there isn't that you stumbled into a high-level area, the issue is that you're just bad. Sorry, them's the breaks.So you tell me, what seems more promising? An early-access kickstarter/patreon game where everyone complains about the mechanics and praises the irrelevant, or a game that had a tumultuous launch week and some small side issues that can be and are being fixed, yet is praised for how great it actually feels to play?"
76561198157209623,Recommended,473690,34729102,Posted: 4 September,all,ifyouplayanniedie,Skill is not rewarded.....
,Recommended,473690,34831138,Posted: 9 September,all,Maguca,"Absolver is very similar to Dark Souls, but also kind of like a wrestling game. You create your character, give him the combos and set him off into the world. The world is pretty barren, and can be very punishing and frustrating, much like dark souls. But much like a wrestling game, it is very fun and satisfying to use your custom character to demolish everything.Absolver leaves much to be desired in the PVE.The PVP also leaves much to be desired.But the game is very fun, and for the price that I paid for it, I definitely got my money's worth. I look forward to continuing to play Absolver, and hopefully the dev's continue to support it, Absolver has potential to be great. I have seen many a good game die young because of low player base and because of mistakes the dev's have made. I hope Absolver is not another one.I would reccomend Absolver to anyone that may have played old WWE games like Day of Reckoning. Or enjoy the Dark Souls games. However, if a rich and interesting story is what you seek, Absolver is not the game for you. Absolver is purely about the gameplay, go into it with that mindset and you shouldn't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,473690,34589060,Posted: 29 August,all,twitch.tv/blackhole4825,"Ganking.💊 💉Ganking, Don't you just love it? Well, if you don't have a friend to play with, then you better get used to it. You will have to deal with facing up to 4 AI at once. It's pretty brutal.As painful as it is to endure the ganking, It's still fairly possible. The combat in this game takes a while to get used to but it allows for more defensive options than For Honor so I think that you can argue that anti-ganking is easier in this than that.Just be aware that you will almost never get a 1v1 against the AI. If you want that, then you will have to resort to playing the PVP side of things.Combat decks.🔫 🔪You can make some pretty good chains with this feature. Some attacks seem to just blow some air on your target whilst other ones seem to cause an earthquake in their heads with just one touch. I would say that the variation that is allowed in the combat decks allows for the players to create some interesting chain attacks.Customization.🎆 🎇The clothing system is a little more in-depth than i thought it would be, but I see this a good thing. It just means that there are more options available than what I'm used to. I would compare it to something like the division as you can customize your clothes down to the elbow-pads. Although you will have to find and collect the items to do so.I would say that there is plenty of options to choose from, ensuring that everyone doesn't look the same.Maps.🌎 🌍 🌏The maps and their layouts are quite interesting as they are non-linear, allowing you to go around and fight others with ease. If there is a location with enemies that you find are too tough, Just go around and come back later when you feel ready. Although, I do not think that you can progress to the other maps without first completing the current one that you are on (I have yet to test this). The enemy AI has some sort of agro range which allows you to run through and past the AI so that you can continue on your journey without having to decimate every foe that you see.Conclusion.😰I would definitely recommend this game for people who are fed up with the combat system in For Honor. The combat is Forgiving for once as running out of stamina is only a minor thing as it regens quite quickly and the enemy can only get a couple hits in before it starts to regen. Respawning is fast and there are checkpoints sprinkled around with a good pacing, Meaning the map isn't caked in respawn points. This allows you to feel like you are progressing along the map without slowly crawling your way around if you aren't the best at fighting."
76561198022088604,Not Recommended,473690,34628643,Posted: 31 August,all,Warboss Sloth Pope,Same seems great. Especially for the price. However if you live in Aus or NZ do not buy at this time as there are no oceanic servers and the gameplay is ruined by Peer-to-peer on Asia servers.
,Not Recommended,473690,34714851,Posted: 3 September,all,Jessica,"This game has an excellent atmosphere and world design coubled with an in-depth fighting system.However I cannot reccomend this game at its current price and in its current state.-Pros:Beautiful artstyle with an excellent atmosphere.Unique in-depth fighting system with planty of customisation options.Seamless transition between areas.In-world player interactions are non-disruptive to immersion as there is no voice or text chat and players must communicate through gestures.-Cons:The keyboard and mouse controls for the Forsaken style felt very unreaponsive when it came to parrying and I often found my hand hitting my keyboard after multiple parries as it is difficult to quickly reset my mouse position on my desk without accidentally parrying again in the wrong direction.The game seems to lack content for its price tag. The world initially feels very expansive but is quickly revealed to be rather small once you've been through all the areas which are rather small in and of themselves.There also seems to be a lack of fighting styles for a game which markets itself as no one person having the same fighting deck. There are four styles and you get to pick one of three when you create your character and can unlock the fourth later in the game. When you pick your style at the start of the game it doesn't give you a chance to try each style to get a feel for what you'd prefer before you have to lock it in. I was unable to unlock the fourth style for reasons I will get into in my next point.Glitches: My experience has been plagued with glitches ranging from ""Huh that was weird."" to ""I need to alt+F4 and relaunch the game."" Here are some of the most prominent glitches  I have experienced:My first session in the game I had died by being accidentally kicked into a pit by my co-op partner so I held down F to respawn and the screen faded to black as it usually does when you respawn. However the game had died behind the black screen and I had to Alt+F4 and relaunch the game to be able to continue playing.My second session in the game (if you don't count the forced restart in the previous glitch as starting a new session) I was knocked into the gap between two flights of stairs where instead of falling to the floor below I was suspended in the air vibrating and kicking up dust around me while the game repeatedly made the landing sound effect incredibly quickly for about 30 seconds and then I dropped dead (no black screen of death this time). Thankfully when I was helped up by a random in the same instance as me I wasn't thrown back into the that hell.My third session in the game felt like a glitch lightning round I experienced a repeat of the the black screen of death. in a combat trial I was almost knocked off a ledge which resulted in the glitch from my second session. When I tried to leave a combat trial after the match was over the button reacted like it was clicked and stopped glowing but I was stuck in the combat trial lobby on my own and had Alt+F4 to escape. When I went to refight some marked ones with a friend there were duplicates of the marked onse inside one another until they got aggroed to use where we had to fight two of the same marked one and twice as many of the npc enemies that surrond them. (This glitch was also experienced by another friend on the same day who was playing online but without co-op if that gives any insight to the glitch for people who know these things). And when I tried to unlock the fourth style by speaking to an npc I clicked the glowing button to join the school the button stopped glowing but I could not join the school although I could escape this without having to Alt+F4. This bug was consistent across several restarts of the game. If I'm missing something obvious that the game neglected to tell me please let me know and I will update the review accordingly.My most recent session resulted in a forced Alt+F4 less than 30 seconds into gameplay where I loaded in and started making my way to the starting area to meet up with a friend and less than 30 seconds after loading in I was stuck frozen mid running animation with dust being continually kicked up around my feet and no way to escape.Overall I think this game shows a great amount of promise however in it's current state and at it's current price tag I cannot reccomend this game outside of a decent percentage sale. It can still be a very enjoyable game just not for £24.99."
76561198140377483,Not Recommended,473690,34722731,Posted: 3 September,all,[DC] PotatoCrisp,2 ez to cheez
76561198064460818,Recommended,473690,34585314,Posted: 29 August,all,5thBanned,You can slap a person.
76561198065882389,Recommended,473690,34591435,Posted: 29 August,all,-CC- HobbeS,Fighting mechanics like For Honor.Adventure and multiplayer like Dark Souls.People complaining about difficulty because they don't block.
,Recommended,473690,34730632,Posted: 4 September,all,The Forgetser,"in asia, nigh unplayable lag in pvp (it was perfectly fine during the first couple days after launch, before the servers went down). i hope the devs fix that. also a few minor stuff, like loot drops in inaccessible spots, female characters with male grunts (XD). wish there was an option to turn off the motion blur. the combat system is very cool and that for me makes up for all its shortcomings. the community is nice (the lack of toxicity i'm sure is due to no ingame chat and the niched nature of the game), more content was promised, so thats good. the level designs are right confusing and the art style is mmuah. all in all, 7/10ps: i hope this game's successes ushers in a new type of fighting games. or maybe a more open, more rpg-ish sequel. good job sloclap.pps: more emotes please!"
,Recommended,473690,34732571,Posted: 4 September,all,ARF!,">hates game because hates darksouls>dragged into playing because friends>hate I wasted $30>talks to guy ina forest>""wanna join school?"">k>gets stagger fighting style>strips all clothes>I AM THE DRUNKEN MASTER11/10. would play agen:edit:>They've given me a cape.>The hero that the absolvers have>But nobody really wants"
,Recommended,473690,34597835,Posted: 29 August,all,NoRealIntention,"It good game I hope you like and purchase for my wife and kids. It's also not dark souls. ""If you die, it's dark souls. If you fight a boss, it's dark souls. If the game is somewhat hard, it's dark souls. If you fight something with a sword and have a moveset, it's dark souls."" It's not dark souls. Dark souls isn't even that good. This indie game is better than dark souls."
76561198034217904,Recommended,473690,34733972,Posted: 4 September,all,TheBoxZombie,"I've played close to 45 hours of Absolver at this time, and I can say this game is very solid and a lot of fun. This is also coming from someone who had to deal with no servers for the first few days of release. (I'm Australian). Despite this Absolver still managed to hold my attention for those first few days.Pros -- Combat is fun, and the deck building allows for a lot of customization, meaning people can have their own unique fighting styles.- The game has a very high skill ceiling.- The campaign, while short is servicable, and the different zones you travel through allow for enough variety for it to not get stale.- The different fighting styles in the game (Forsaken, Stagger, Kahlt and Windfall) also throw some more complexity into the combat of the game, meaning not everyone will have the same abilities.- The shard abilties while sometimes cheap, are useful and have their own place in combat.Cons -- The servers are very unreliable, while they have been getting better since launch it is still a glaring problem in the game. This also means you will ocasionally get stuck on loading screens, meaning you have to Alt + Tab and task manager out of the game.- It is quite buggy, mostly due to the servers, but none the less i still encounter a few bugs while playing offline.- At the moment in the game there isn't a whole lot of variety in modes, there is Campaign and 1v1. That is it. However the devs have planned to release more modes further down the track.TLDR; Absolver is a very fun game with fluid and in-depth fighting mechanics, however the game gets weighed down by server issues and lack of content.7/10Do not buy this game if you aren't willing to wait for a stable match, give it another week or two while they iron out the servers. However I do still recommend this game."
,Recommended,473690,34713814,Posted: 3 September,all,Charlielx,"Sooooo good, could use a bit of extra PvE content but I've already heard that's in the works so no complaints from me!"
76561198026916028,Recommended,473690,34605438,Posted: 30 August,all,P01NTMAN,"So their are two kinds of negative reviews here.A.) Multiplayer issues/Connection issues. Which okay, I get it, it's completely understandable.But then there's B.B.) Controls Suck/To Complicated. Which is, and I'm sorry, completely stupid...and you must have zero paitenece.First of all, this is the simplist fighting game I've ever played. You litterally Combo chains with two buttons. All you do, is hit X and Y. Thats it! Of course you can Doge, Parry/Absorb, Block, and Faint. which are all very simple to do.The only complication that I can see people running in to, is the customization of your combat deck, or your move list.But if thats your case, then you just aren't using your eyes, or maybe you just are dumb or don't care. IDK?But heres a tip. You have Four Stances, and each move ends in a stance. In your combat deck, you have four list to fill. The first two can utilize three moves, and the last two only uses two moves. Each set of Moves starts in a stance, and ends in a stance. So all you need to do, is make sure your last move on your current stance ends in the next stance of your new set of moves. That way you can fluidly chain from stance to stance. After you master that, all you need to do is practing out to rotate in and out of each set.Sounds complicated, but its not. Either way, this is a good fighting game that dosen't take years of studying to memorize one list of moves."
,Not Recommended,473690,34708863,Posted: 3 September,all,Prohorov Ilja the Windwalker,"Absolver,eh?Before i will start, here is a video about my toughts of the Absolver,if you don't want to read this whole review.(https://youtu.be/gu-ug3VzLp0)Alright,for the rest of you,shall we begin?When i first saw the Absolver's trailer and it's gameplay i was happy about the fact, that some new good looking fighting game is coming and ouh boi,how was i mistaking about it.I hade a lot of an issues during the beta,did report them to the devs,hoped that at release it's gonna be alright.Did it work out? Let's see...First things first - the fighting system in this game is awesome and i have 0 problems with that.You can spend an endless amount of hours editing your combat deck,mastering your defense skills etc etc...Second thing are the nimations of the moves which are awesome aswell,i like how great are they look like.And that's the end of the stuff,that is great in the Absolver.So let's go to it's cons shall we?1.And the most is the p2p connection type,which is not allowing ppl to have a cross-region play,stable online.Developers were telling me during the beta that p2p is great and it's only depends on how you will set it up properly,what a lie, don't you think?We all can see the problems with an online mode,lags,freezes,host advantage,cheaters,teleports etc etc etc.2.Character creator in this game is so lame,you want to tell me devs,that i only can change the skin color,hair color,hairstyle and the gender?Where are the other options,i can't edit my face i get it,cuz it's covered by the mask,but what about my body,more hairstyles,more colors,body size and shape changing,arms,legs,neck all of that stuff. Look at the Dark Souls if you dunno,what i'm talking about.3.The world in this game is empty and i mean it,there no loot,that is droped here and there. I know,that you can kill bots and get a gear peaces from them,but that's not the world's loot searching,there no corpses,urns,chests(except those cairns,which are only one time use and afterwards they will just remain empty forever.)All you see in this game,after you had found all of these cairns are the bots,who never spawn in a different positions on the same zone.4.AI is dumb in this game,i'm telling you that,because once you're started to farm the moves from them,they will just keep going around you,running away and keep wasting your time instead of keep attacking you, till their stamina will ran out.5.Graphics in this game is garbage, why? That's art,it looks great,o rly? Mark of the Ninja looks great,Journey looks great and those are arts aswell. But this game is running on UE4(Unreal Engine 4) and it ended up with this graphics? That is a lazy job was done right here devs.So i'm forced to use ReShade to make it looks a bit better,then the original.6.Tutorial in this game the very first level,that you're starting to play at is so damn stupid.So you want to tell me,that target lock and a target switch training,stance switch training wanna be avoid,parry,absorb training is all that you want to show me in this game?I want to be challenged by this tutorial,who showed me some stuff and now it wants me to show if i get it or not.7.No optimization at all,on high-end pcs this game will run smoothly but on the all other pcs this game will be having a fps drops all the time and even if you will set the graphics on full low settings this game's fps will not go further then 63 fps.(My specs are,if you're thinking,that i'm trying to play this game on potato with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ internet:a.AMD FX 8350 4.00 Ghzb.16 GB RAMc.AMD Radeon GTS 270X 4 GBd.SSD 250 GBe.Hard drive 1 TBf.Internet speed 100Mbit/s=12.5 Mb/ming.Monitor BenQ 240 Hz 1080p resolutionAnd i'm having a 48-51 fps on ultra settings in an offline mode.8.There is no chat in this game,so there is no way how you can talk with a ppl,unless you'll be just spamming an emotes and coop invites to the ppl in online mode. Without chat and an offline mode,ppl will be having a problems with a moves farming in online,because there is no way to tell someone to leave your bot alone.9.I don't like,that healing an no cooldowns for an abilities are here i really want to have a fight with no healings and a cooldowns for an abilites. I want to be able to fight till the death with no healings at all.I also want to be strategic about my abilites to use the most powerfull of them in the right moment of time instead of keep spamming them because i have a lot of a shards,that i just farmed by dodging or taking damage in my face.10.No loot managment,why i can't remove the useless gear from my inventory, that i don't really want to use by any means. That stuff just keeps stacking up and i'll be forced by the end of the game going through that huge collection of the duplicates just find the one gear peace,that i need.11.Endgame of the Absolver are the 1v1 duels all the time,because after you completed the ai's moves farm,gear farm and killed all of the bosses in all of the locations there are nothing for you to do except the duels.It's pretty easy to get to this point by keep playing the game during the week maximum.Where are the dungeons?Any coop mods,raids something else...12.And the most,developers are already have our money,while we don't have a stable,rich with a content game.But what we do have right now are the promises all over again,we saw that stuff before in the other games,that were rushed to release being in the unfinished state.So developers can say that we must wait for the next week and more and more and more... Until they will just abandon this game and go away with our money.Ofcourse a lot of a loyal fanbois are keep telling ppl to give this game a time,devs will fix everything.Sure,but we all got tired of that stuff,devs are lazy,don't listen to the ppl,didn't fix the stuff when there was enough time to make it right.As a result i'm giving this game a 3/10 just for a great fighting system and an animations."
,Recommended,473690,34592667,Posted: 29 August,all,[BBDNW] Black Mirror was right,"Really good game! Server is an issue but it's to be expected with such an unexpected breakout. Wait to buy until it's fixed but seriously, good game."
,Recommended,473690,34592635,Posted: 29 August,all,♔ Phispi,"amazing pvp, cant wait to play more"
,Recommended,473690,34757189,Posted: 5 September,all,[GWJ] FOG,"I've never written a review before, but I noticed the crappy reviews this game was getting, so I thought I should.[Good:]Gameplay is awesome. Feels solid.Designing your combos makes for an interesting study.Sound and background music are subtle and fit in nicely without being overwhelming.Art style looks great.Grinding for moves and drops (could be bad for some).[Bad:]Servers are currently garbage for a lot of people.People think it's a PvE game when it isn't. PvE is merely a long tutorial for the real game.Currently the game is region locked, so you can't play with international friends."
,Recommended,473690,34621530,Posted: 30 August,all,James Townsend,"Pros:Fluid and responsive combat systemLots of depth with the ""Combat Deck"" systemPvP favors strategy over ""better"" decks by a large margin. Mixup game and movement is supreme.Plenty of different equipments to get as dropsEquipment system trades weight and speed for armor, play as you wishAttribute system caps has high diminishing returns after about 15 points in a stat so players are balanced on skillCan learn moves from other players while sparring with themChallenging PvEGraphics are not so artsy as to the detriment of realismJourney-like friendships with drop-in squadmatesHigh replay valueNeutral:Controller is almost a requirement to play.High learning curve and a punishing combat system. Some people may enjoy this like I do, but others won't. If you like Monster Hunter, Street Fighter, or similar games you will probably enjoy it.Playing with a squad is a lot easier than soloYou only see the map when you're at an altar so you have to remember the map as you travelFriendly Fire is always on even with members of your squad.You can fall off the map to your death in or out of combat and you can push enemies off too with the right moves. I like this, but it could be a turn off for others.Cons:No item trading (and lots of duplicates if you redo areas which you do to learn new moves)If your whole squad dies you respawn and break party (but you can reform it at the respawn point as long as everybody has the same one)Playing online can be laggy at times, but this should be fixed later and it's already getting better.Other Thoughts:I was initially skeptical about this game because it looked like the combat deck system would be the only part of this game. However, the PvE is quite challenging and the AI has different move-sets, strategies, and plays all the styles. Plus you can learn your enemies' attacks by blocking them. Absolver has so much depth that I am still a novice after 8 hours. I've only just gotten good enough to read opponents decently and sort of wrap my head around deckbuilding. Deckbuilding is interesting because it's not just a stat game, the frame timings and the animations themselves matter a lot when in PvP. An attack that looks very straightforward is easy to block whereas some of the more interesting stance-attack combos are more risky on paper but work out better against other players since they are harder to read. Of course, too many heavy attacks on your deck will also get you in a lot of trouble so there's a lot of balance to be sought after.I also think this game should eventually include 2v2, 3v3, and some kind of capture the flag or objective style mode.Some regions are experience server crashes and lag. NA and EU servers are mostly pretty good and restarting the game can alleviate some lag. There are lots of negative reviews from people that are in oceania and the middle east because their servers are really bad. Don't let the servers dissuade you, especially if you are NA or EU. They will sort them out soon and the game itself is very good.Overall, this game is not forgiving and has a high skill floor and a high skill ceiling. If you do not want to practice and learn the game, then this is not the game for you. If you are a fan of Monster Hunter, Street Fighter, Dark Souls, Tekken, or other difficult fighting game and want a fluid martial arts game then try Absolver."
,Recommended,473690,34660493,Posted: 1 September,all,Koda,"Bought the game, refunded at about 2 hours in. I just thought, locked in fighting and canned animations is too repetitive and not skill based. Well, I find myself really missing the game. As soon as that refund money gets into my wallet I'm buying it again.The environments are nice, the fighting is fun. Use a controller I recommend.The big downfall of the game is the lack of direction. You're just wondering around with no sense of progression."
,Not Recommended,473690,35122802,Posted: 22 September,all,PléjerÁknon,This game's PVE part is GREAT. I enjoyed every bit of it.But sadly the endgame is PVP which sucks bad and not that enjoyable.The community is really small and it seems to decreasing so no big hopes here.
,Not Recommended,473690,35032344,Posted: 17 September,all,Cronis,At the moment the servers are very bad and they have been for a while but once they are fixed i will recommend the game
,Not Recommended,473690,34644690,Posted: 31 August,all,morningstaric,"-No maps or any signs to navigate properly. (probably a design choice so people get lost and don't notice game actually ends in 3 hours).-Finished game in 3 hours (would be 2 hours if I wouldn't have to look one last boss which I already killed before but game did not register at first time.)-My heal and shock-wave abilities disappeared out of blue and when I try to equip them again they got lost and I can not learn them again.(so I am handicapped in PvP with no heals) must be a bug related to stagger style since heal and shock-wave is a school reward for some reason.-You can not skip NPC chat with any button. you have to wait for all text they show you.-This game is a rushed piece which is not as complete as most early access games.-You can not sell or destroy items so your inventory becomes a junkyard. Most items have terrible Blunt/weight ratio so your starting items are best in end game if you prefer high mobility.-1 point of endurance gives 2 points of stamina which you have 210 when you have 10 endurance. so it is less than %1 same goes for almost all stats.-fast attack spamming. You can actually dodge them to start your attacks but in fact since attacks are so fast his chain of attacks still hit you after you perfectly dodge the first one.-(game breaking bug) In Combat deck if you remove middle move of an attack sequence game crashes.-Servers are trash(sorry to be harsh but it is a fact).-Terrible end-game designPositive:-Great animations and good flow of moves.-Simple and artistic graphics which some people like.-Combat deck system which allows you to create your own style of fighting.-Really satisfying hit effects, specially with heavy hits."
,Not Recommended,473690,34730138,Posted: 4 September,all,Swank,"Fun game, but it's got more game-breaking bugs than a QA department staffed by literal wasps."
76561198106967419,Recommended,473690,34598712,Posted: 29 August,all,Noctlight,"Personally, I believe the developers at slocap delivered what they promised, a super in-depth and fun combat system, beautiful artwork and design, a wonderful soundtrack and an overall pleasant experience even when online with other players. I'll break it down by each category.When I say the combat system is in-depth, I mean holy crap. It's like For Honor on adderall. You've got a lot to think about and a lot to customize as you level up. By the time I unlocked all of the slots, I just decided to link my four combos into one big streak and only use alts when I need to switch it up a bit(you'll understand once you play). It takes some experimentation, but it's so satisfying when you find that combo set that's just right. And then you get that new move you want to put in, but you have to keep everything else balanced in the process.You won't be able to make sixteen combo stuff right off the bat. But as you unlock those slots for more moves, you can make up entire move sets just from a few moves and go ham on people. I spend like 10 min. every time I unlock a new move. Despite what others are saying, its fairly easy to gain moves as you progress through the game, just make sure block, dodge, and especially use your classes defensive ability. AND MAKE SURE TO BEAT THEM. If your enemy kills you, you lose the progress you gained in that fight. That's how you learn moves. No pay for play here.Also, every item you pick up in the game has the potential of being exactly what you needed. Don't pass up anything that drops. There's no inventory limit. At least not as far as I can see.There is a tutorial in the practice/meditation menu, so people who are complaining about not knowing how to play right off the bat are just too impatient for this kind of game. I never used the tutorial, personally. I just died. A LOT. And then I made my enemies die. A LOT MORE! Since there's no real penalty for dying except for the shame of defeat, you can get back up and try and try again until those baddies meet their doom and you gain the experience. Or until you ragequit, whatever works. Good news is that when you die or leave an area, the baddies spawn in different places with different classes, so it doesn't get dull. Except for bosses, which you can farm.Combat itself is so much fun. It's real-time with little to no lag. I played with a Forsaken class so I had to learn to time my parries, which is seriously cool when it goes slow motion. You can feel the weight of each and every hit. Even when it's four-on-one the game has put in mechanics for you survive and even win, so don't worry. It really feels like your a badass when you take down multiple guys and walk away.I have to put in a complaint however when it comes to the guys who use absorb. Like seriously that ability compared to parry and avoid is SO FREAKING OP. You can just sit there and absorb for days! I found my way around it by dodging and guard breaking, but man people with absorb are a pain in the butt! Especially since they have SO MUCH HEALTH for their class.Otherwise combat is awesome and as shown in the trailer. Just be patient, learn the ropes, use your envirnment, and you'll be an absolver yet! Good news is, even after reaching a higher level, the baddies are still challenging and fun, especially the sub-bosses.Bad news is that they sort of locked out the main bosses after you beat them. You can unlock them again, but only if you play online battles. So for those with bad internet, that's not a good sign.Now this a big warning, if you don't like exploration, this may not be the game for you. There is no fast travel. It took me a long time to find all of the bosses without a map to look at on demand. Luckily you can look at the map whenver you interact with an alter, and the map itself is pretty easy to read. At the same time, this is a core mechanic of the game, because the more you explore the more you fight and the more you fight the more you gain xp and unlock moves and items. I mean you can look up online where the bosses are, but what fun is that?Online multiplayer; I haven't played Combat Trials yet, but as for just roaming around the world, it's really easy to make allies. If you see a player, you can either ask for coop, declare a fight, just attack them, or just ignore them. If you decide to go Co-op, be warned, it didn't turn off friendly fire. If you and a teammate are suddenly treating each other like enemies, just go to the emote menu and hit Request to Stop Fight. I saved many temporary acquanticeships this way. If your team breaks up for whatever reason IT WILL NOT IMPACT YOUR GAME. At least, for the most part. Sometimes enemies reset, but this can be a good thing when your boxed into a corner. No crashes or even lag so far for me.Haven't really seen a chat except for the system log that tells you when players are in the area, and even then the maximum amount of players per area appears to be three. Otherwise, the gameplay is seemless while playing with other people, and if someone tries to gank me I have a good chance of making a counter-attack.Haven't played with my pals yet. Since the release date was my day off, I got a headstart. I might as well become their master haha. You can even make your own schools.P.S. there's a hidden drunken master school in-game where you can learn all of the moves. It's tough to get at, but so worth it.Graphics are spectacular. I play on high for everything cuz I can't tell the difference between High and Ultra. Its a very beautiful and devastated world that no doubt has a story to tell. The developers nailed the atmosphere, and they release more details in the game because I am way too interested.For those that are saying this is an unfinished game. This game was made by indie developers after breaking off from Ubisoft. What did you expect? The Witcher 3? They delivered on all of their promises. Isn't that what we wanted? There's no dount they're gonna come out with a ton of new content. Right now they're just testing the waters and seeing what floats and what doesn't with the the community. Personally; I just want a little bit of nerf for the absorbers, and more lore.For those saying the game's too complicated/too hard; Remember when Dark Souls came out? It was super hard and everyone had a tough time at the beginning. Then they got back up, LEARNED HOW TO PLAY, and GOT FRICKIN GUD.Make no mistake, the game can pack a wallop when you start out, with a super complex fighting system and world you're going to have to explore step-by-step. But as you learn, fight, experiment, and reach the top to become an absolver, you'll have a blast. Trust me when I say after all of the people I fought and after spending so much time searching for those bosses, reaching the summit was so frickin worth it.Edit: After servers came back online I tried out Absolver's online mode ""Combat Trials."" It was not good. I won some and I lost some, but it is infuriating when your reaction time is affected by sudden spikes and drops in FPS. This caused me to parry or dodge too early or too late, resulting in frustrating attempts to guard myself while my opponent pummeled me into the ground. The environment is to blame, as gorgeous scenery causes the sudden drops. Also, it is disappointing that there are no team based game modes at the moment."
,Recommended,473690,34698451,Posted: 2 September,all,TheGrimOtter,Gameplay: 9/10Loot: 8/10Difficulty: 10/10PvE: 10/10PvP: 4/10  (Laggy as all hell)Overall: 9/10 it's pretty good
,Recommended,473690,34668860,Posted: 1 September,all,A Singular Squish,There are drunk attacks
76561198093845101,Not Recommended,473690,35110819,Posted: 21 September,all,Not Tachanka,"Since patch 1.06 I couldn't recommend this game anymore. There are instances in pretty much every duel now where hits that shouldn't damage you go right through your block, attacks not connecting when they should, input delay, dodges not avoiding an attack (Windfall class). Sloclap, if you are reading this, these issues have broken the PVP duels and they need immediate addressing.Don't get me wrong, the game is immensly fun when everything falls into place, combat is nice and fluid and attacks have a weight to them. But with these issues that I have encountered recently the game has become unplayable to me.I would also like to point out due to a lot of negative reviews that the game is meant to be played with some form of a controller (it says so in the system requirements section on the store page), not with a keyboard and mouse."
,Not Recommended,473690,34598939,Posted: 29 August,all,Gazzalinga,"OCEANIC RELEVANT REVIEW~Only been able to play this for 2 hours.Gameplay mechanics are super fun, the 1v1 pvp system is very fun.However, as soon as I get into any open player area, everything lags out.AI starts hitting people without moving, other players glitching through walls when rolling.I had a 5 minute fight with another player and none of us could see what was happening in the fight due to the delay and lag spikes.I thought it might be an idea as I intended to play this game with friends in my region (Australia), to setup a password server for us to jump on.However as soon as you move away from the stone and load into the open world area, it immediately puts you back into the regular encounter online mode and forgets you have a password set and becomes unplayeable again.I'm hoping this will be fixed in a very near patch because from what I did play, I enjoyed.But as of right now the 30th of August, I can not recommend this."
76561198120215208,Recommended,473690,34714798,Posted: 3 September,all,Omnishade,fun game but u gotta be willing to git gud and not rage out like a baby because the game isn't letting you win for not thinking
76561198042251680,Not Recommended,473690,34608358,Posted: 30 August,all,Brunvoll,It gets boring really quick.
76561198070414997,Not Recommended,473690,34593033,Posted: 29 August,all,xTcR | Shiroto [IN-M],Servers are hot garbage. Good chance you'll either meet an infinite loading screen or suddenly be unable to damage/be damaged by anything in the game world every few minutes.
,Not Recommended,473690,34827227,Posted: 8 September,all,Bubblegum DayZRP.com,"Character was randomly deleted at level 52 and there is no way to recover it. Posted on the feeback/bugtacker. Nothing. Tweeted at them. Nothing. Leaving this review until I can get my character back and they severley change their customer support services for the better. If you want to sink 20 hours into a character to have it randomly deleted, buy this game. If you're sane and this doesn't appeal to you, stay far away."
76561198099102691,Not Recommended,473690,34599503,Posted: 29 August,all,HawkBW,"whenever i go into a new place, its start to get laggy and watching AI opponent teleporting. worst of all cant join a 1 V 1 pvp match..."
,Not Recommended,473690,34609853,Posted: 30 August,all,Ninj,"The game is simply very poorly designed. The combat system is clearly intended for 1v1 fights. Despite this, PvE will very regularly throw gank squads of 3-4 enemies at you, leading to nothing but frustration as you find yourself unable to do anything. Either all the enemies glob together and you can't attack any of them without the rest instantly jumping on you, or you get cornered in one of the frustratingly tight arenas and lose half your health (or more!) before you can escape. This would make sense if it was only online, since the game seems intended for co-op, but enemies have the exact same gank squad spawn rate in offline mode too.Speaking of the ""arenas"", which are just set areas where gank squads hang out and will attack in groups (so don't even think about trying to pull one at a time), they're way too small. In some areas you find yourself desperately fighting and dodging away from enemies only to end up outside their arbitrary aggro range so they run back and heal. Many parts of the game have hazards such as water or long drops that can easily instantly kill enemies if you knock them in. Except you don't actually want to do that, because you get way less XP and move XP killing them like that. These obstacles, of course, work against you as well, leading to instant deaths off cliffs trying to block a chain you can't get out of.I'm not going to complain much about the combat system, since I don't have enough experience with it in pvp. I will say that making a good deck is very important, but to get moves to actually make your deck good you have to struggle through the gank squads and grind a lot, which isn't fun. The same thing for gear - you want good equipment, be prepared to fight through the gank squads to get some.The game has several bugs that will presumably be fixed eventually, such as random crashes, the ground disappearing, two of the same boss spawning at the same time, and so on. Not 100% polished, but not unplayable either.In short, I don't recommend this game, because the pve just isn't fun at all, despite being necessary. I hope future patches will make it less frustrating."
,Not Recommended,473690,34623462,Posted: 30 August,all,龍 Mao,"Look so I don't know if I'm the only one but I usually try this game from 9-11 PM EST as that's the best time I can play the game following a day of studying and school work.Whoop de do I can't play co-op or PvP because whenever i try it around these times the game doesn't let me play online. From what I've heard from others they were able to log in hours before and I'm frustrated that whenever I log onto to the game the servers are just simply not connecting for me.i'd hope for a online game to at least keep it's servers up for, you know, a long enough time that people of all time zones and priorities can play it whenever they like. Not being able to play it during night time so far on day 2 of this game's weird as hell launch is so strangely bizzare and agonizing when literally any other online game I have on my hands that has functional servers will let me play the game almost whenever I want.I understand that online games should not have to be kept up just so I (as in, me) can play. This game isn't just for me, it's for everyone else who bought it. And when people bought this game calling itself ""Online Melee Action"", people bought the game seeing one of it's major components being online play. And oh no, it's not consistently up for us and there's no foreseeable communication as to why we can't connect to the game (if the servers are down tell us damn it).It's as simple as that. This sucks.(and yes i know you can play the game offline but I want to play the game online with friends, which is a major aspect of the game. Did you buy this game to play it offline? Because I sure as hell didn't)"
,Not Recommended,473690,34624839,Posted: 30 August,all,Clive,"Absolver is an extremely fun ""open world martial arts game"".In essence, what it means by this is that it's a 3D fighting game that also has anopen world (albiet a small one) to wander around in. Multiplayer is seamless(currently up to three players) with people being matched to you automatically. Asyou enter an area, there will either be people already there, new players canrandomly wander in on their own, or both. Everything is open-ended, too. Players youbump into can be friendly, hostile, or both. You can co-op through the entirety ofthe PvE content with two other people in one session, or run through the areas soloand bump into all kinds of different players. Dying (unless you fall off the world)puts you in a downed state that other players can revive you from, so friendlysparring matches are also possible.Combat is fighting game-esque, with some surface similarities to For Honor. Everytechnique in your combat deck (more on that later) aims from a specific positiontowards a specific position. If someone throws a spinning hook at you, a sweep willlet you slide under their attack and counter. Hitboxes are extremely tight in thisregard. There are currently four fighting styles, each with their own defensiveoptions. Forsaken is the typical Dark Souls ""PARRY THE WORLD"" style where you deflectyour opponent's attacks by predicting their direction (you can parry to the left orright) and executing it with good timing. Windfall is a Godhand-esque evasion basedstyle where you can dodge left/right, jump, or duck. Successful dodges will slow downyour opponent briefly to allow a counterattack. Khalt (sp?) is a more powerhousestyle where only timing matters; you ""counter"" enemy attacks by bracing your body andno-selling the hit. You still take full damage, but as temporary damage that willheal itself so long as you don't take a clean hit before then. Finally, there'sStagger style, which is a drunken fist style that is pure offense; you can spin tothe right or left with a slap, kick backwards, or stagger (with one hit of superarmor) at your opponent. Notably, well-timed usage of Stagger's ""defensive"" optionswill not give you a stamina boost, so stamina management is much more important forusers of this style. You start with one of the first three of these styles, but anycharacter can eventually learn all four.Next come the techniques themselves. You start with a very small list based on yourinitial fighting style, but every single move in the game is learnable. Learning newtechniques is simple: just have someone (NPC or player) use it on you. Every time youblock (successful defensive actions from the styles mentioned earlier give a bonus) atechnique you don't know, you gain EXP towards learning that specific move. Thismeans that two friends (or even strangers) can sit around training with eachother tolearn new techniques. It also means PvP (the game's main focus) is the best way oflearning new techniques. You can assign any of these moves to your combat deck (withmore slots unlocking as you level up) to create attack strings. Each technique has aposition (left, right, back-left, back-right) that it starts from and ends at. Forexample, if I have a jab that starts from left and ends at right, the next move inthe chain must be capable of starting from right. The last move of each set (or anymove, if you stop your combo early) determines which position you end at, whichdetermines which chain you'll use next. You can also modify this by manuallyswitching positions, which adds an extra layer to the mind-games. Finally, you have aset of four ""additional"" attacks which determine what you do in any of the fourpositions when hitting triangle instead of square. 4 moves per chain, 4 chains, and 4additional attacks, for a total of 20 moves per deck with the ability to shufflebetween them in any order. You also possess a combat deck for each weapon type, whichyou automatically switch to when picking up or drawing the appropriate weapon.There is also a Mentor system, which allows an experienced player (you unlock it bydoing PvP) to create a school for other players to join as students. Joining aschool gives you access to the school deck (set up by the master) which lets you usea combat deck custom-made by the master of the school. By fighting in PvP while usingunlocks from the school (usually you get the unarmed deck and fighting style, whichmakes this the way to learn new styles) will rank you up in the school, allowing youto unlock more decks and powers from the master. The decks you gain cannot becustomized, however, so students are encouraged to learn the master's skills beforemaking them their own, then putting their own personal twist on them. Students canthen eventually make their own schools, and the cycle continues. Schools also serveas a makeshift guild, since you can view, message, and invite anyone in the sameschool, though there is no current way to make a private school.The current PvE content is comparable to a bite-sized version of Dark Souls withconsiderably less depth and smaller areas. You run around areas with randomly spawnedenemies and explore for treasure, secrets, etc. There are currently 6 mini-bosses inthe game and 2 main bosses, then you're done. The minibosses and main bosses reappearwith new dialog and different fight mechanics as you level up in PvP, but if you'relooking at this game for a more PvE-focused experience, look elsewhere. The devs areapparently planning to add an endless dungeon later on, so that might be worthlooking into.On the PvP side, you have the open world encounters and 1v1 matchmaking, with plansto add 3v3 soon™. The PvP is very engaging because the game is very well balanced.Every style feels unique but also competitive, and the large variety (180) oftechniques means there's a ton of room for creative combat decks. In my experience,most of the moves are at least usable, and of the few I found to be very lacking,they were at least amusing (like smacking someone across the face). Thanks to thementor system, you can master every technique, learn every style, and obtain everypiece of gear purely through PvP, which is like a wet dream for the kinds of peoplecoming from a Souls game, which this game's PvE draws many parallels to.Of course, it wouldn't be a review without gripes, so here they are.Performance: Game runs fairly poorly for its graphical fidelity; the systemrequirements are fairly spot on, though it's pretty disappointing that I can't maxthis game on a GTX760 considering it looks like it could run on a GamecubeGraphics: My disliking the artstyle is a personal bias, but the inability to disablemotion blur without zeroing out the post processing setting (which also makes thegame very dark) is inexcusable. It's hideous, and very performance heavy.Bugs: Crashes, falling out of bounds, you name it. Most of these issues seem to becaused by the servers exploding (which the devs claim to be working on) and they seempretty active towards fixing things so hopefully I can delete most of this sectionsoonIf you're interested in a 3D fighter with an emphasis on self-made movesets and easyto learn but hard to master combat, then Absolver is definitely worth a buy.Hopefully the developers make good on their expressed desire to support the game withregular content updates, because this game has the potential to be a mainstay in mylineup of games.EDITED DISCLAIMER: Patch 1.05 is a disaster and the game is flat unplayable, with the netcode being way worse than launch. We're talking For Honor levels here. Game is great, but avoid it like the plague for now until this♥♥♥♥♥♥gets fixed."
,Not Recommended,473690,34584211,Posted: 29 August,all,cowboysneepsnip,"Its like they took Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls, made a baby with them, then took all of the fun parts of the parent games out then published the result.The camera when locked on is nauseating at its best, the fight pacing is inconsistent, input lag is noticable, and the multiplayer doesn't feel like a multiplayer.All that said, the game is beautiful and I'm sure people who like these types of games will enjoy it, but I never felt engaged enough to recommend this to someone."
76561198004307338,Not Recommended,473690,34622313,Posted: 30 August,all,Xregion,"The game is cool and it's definitely fun, but I can't recommend it due to the fact that it crashes every time I try and play online."
,Not Recommended,473690,34736649,Posted: 4 September,all,Poops,"This game says it is all about pvp. But then matching in said pvp can take minutes and when you match with someone, you have small chance it is not someone who lags all over the place.Also, the arena pvp has no turn timer so your laggy opponent can also run away for hours (happened to me, I wanted to test how long he keeps doing it until he gives up, I gave up after said 1 hour).The idea of the combat is very nice, I do like my own deck and the mixups I can do with it. But 99% of other players I face seem to use only one type of deck: low sweep attack spam with occasional high attack/hyper armor attack. It gets boring very fast since you fight similar deck over and over again.Add to this lag and few really bad maps (no room to fight properly without someone falling off)I don't recommend this game if you want to play public pvp. I do think it will be fun in LAN, but afaik it is not possible because you need to log in to some questionable servers instead of playing  LAN offline from said server with your friends.  I guess 2017 has no more LAN meetings outside of Finland.tl;dr Would not recommend even when in sale at the state the game is at the moment. Stay away.If you want to play the single player, I recommend doing it offline. Less ganking AI enemies and less idiots ruining your day by killing that one guy whose moves you were trying to learn."
,Not Recommended,473690,34622447,Posted: 30 August,all,「pepsi boy」,No Australian servers on launchAustralian servers get addedAustralian servers are downDont buy it yet.
76561198071079808,Not Recommended,473690,34623880,Posted: 30 August,all,jackctj117,it wont let me ♥♥♥♥ing connectyy to the server wtf!!!!
,Recommended,473690,34586387,Posted: 29 August,all,Dreemlan,"PREFACE---------WHILE I DO RECOMMEND THIS GAME, the negative reviews are valid for the most part. Region lock is very stupid, there needs to be more keybind options for keyboard users, and gamebreaking glitches people are experiencing need to be fixed.THE REASON I RECOMMEND THIS GAME is because it really is a good game besides those issues. I played through it solo for the most part without any lag or glitches, never even had to reboot my game. I use a controller so don't have to deal with any keybinds. I would bet that most of the lag people are experiencing is server lag because the game just launched and literally every game has server issues at launch, but there is the possiblity lag persists after servers are stable. We'll have to wait and see for that one.WHAT I DO RECOMMEND is that you wait a couple weeks at the very least in order to see if the lag is fixed/servers are more stable and that the devs make efforts towards fixing the issues that people have. If progress is being made in those regards, then buy this game, because the game has a lot of potential.The biggest thing that could potentially ruin this game in terms of actual game design (not glitches/lag) is the inevitable ""meta"". What I mean by that is over time there will be moves/combos that are superior than others, these become the most common and eventually only ones used.The developers need to be willing to balance different moves to ensure a wide variety of customization stays viable otherwise you'd have everybody using the same combos and the game would become quite dull, when the whole idea of this game is customization.FULL REVIEW--------------Absolver is all about fighting, plain and simple. It has the potential to be an entertaining and good competitive game because of the in-depth combat system. I have seen a lot of Twitch streams/YouTube videos and accompanying comments saying that the game looks like you simply mash one button and while you often do, the game is so much more complex, similar to how Super Smash Bros. seems like a really simple game if you're just playing it casually or you're not privy to all of the techniques and strategies of the game. Absolver becomes a lot more complex and interesting when you have two skilled fighters rather than two mediocre or even poor fighters.There's a ton of customization, not only in all of the clothing/armor you can equip and play Barbie dress up to your heart's content, but also in the ability to change the moves in your fighting deck. If you don't like punching, you can instead kick a lot, or do whatever you like. You can customize your fighting style to reflect your own style and again make your character your own.There is not a lot of PvE content in the game, completed all of it in around 2.5 hours, although I do have some prior experience with the game. PvP is basically going to be like 80-90% of this game, there's currently only a 1v1 mode, but they've said they're adding a 3v3 mode and I am personally hoping for a Free-for-all mode, but that may be too hectic, lol.To be blunt, the game does not have $30 worth of PvE content, not at all, so you need to enjoy the combat itself/PvP for the game tolikely be ""worth"" it. I think that within two hours (the refund period) you could get a feel for the game and combat and see how much you enjoy it. If you don't feel some sort of satisfaction from each enemy you beat, you likely won't enjoy the game.That being said, they have announced they are adding more content over time, so assuming the price doesn't go up, you may find the game is worth your money later down the line.GAMEPLAY TIPS-----------------If you time your next attack correctly, you will glow and attack faster. This is EXTREMELY important because there's less time between your attacks/less time for the enemy to get an attack in. Practice this.Use your style-specific ability. It's almost always better than blocking/guarding.Forsaken: Parry (you stop an attack in either your left or right direction, stunning the enemy briefly)Kahlt: Absorb (you absorb/block an attack for a brief amount of time)Windfall: Avoid (you dodge, either jumping up, dodging down, or sliding left or right)"
,Recommended,473690,34583158,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr.BlackGhost®,Good.
,Recommended,473690,34726933,Posted: 3 September,all,You What?,"This game is fun when it is working properly. The combat is extremely fun and fluid which makes the PVP rewarding and addicting. However, I can't say the same for the servers atm. PVE is great but feels like a huge tutorial so I wouldn't get this game just for PVE alone. Overall, this game feels a bit ""early."" It doesn't offer much contents so I would wait for the developers to fix the server issues and add more dlcs (confirmed to be free) before buying the game.ProsPvP is FunBunch of different styles and decks you can buildOh, did I mention about fun PvP?ConsLack of contentsNo ranking in Pvp as for nowSettings are limited for keyboard+mouseNo mini-mapServers are a mess atm"
76561198036310771,Recommended,473690,34651260,Posted: 31 August,all,Fat Panda,"If Dark Souls and For Honor had a baby then you would get Absolver.People in the comments crying about this game being too hard probably never played hard games in their life.People in the comments crying about overpowered classes probably really suck at duelling games.Game is fair priced, does not have as much single player content and replayability as I would like however it is meant to be an online experience.Servers are pretty bad right now BUT the game literally came out 2 days ago.High skill cap, not noob-friendly.Also I lose every fight but still enjoy this game.Just get it."
,Recommended,473690,34726968,Posted: 3 September,all,Abysmal,If you like competitive fighting games this is for you. Hardly having issues with servers now (America). Deep and challenging fighting system. Love the game.
,Recommended,473690,34697755,Posted: 2 September,all,Zengineer,"* Compared to other fighting game experiences, the lag is minimal. Only a small handful of volatile encounters at the wee hours of the morning.* The attack string customization is quite robust and flexible, and diffferences between stances allow for further changes in playstyle.* Many types of equipment in various shades of color. The affect they have on your defence is minimal, as is the mobility gained from wearing less.* Player level stats allow for minor tweaks in playstyle.* Seemless encounters in the game world are quite regular during the time of this review. You can see people fighting eachother; interrupt them, or not; you can beat the **** out of someone unprompted and then extend your hand to revive them immediately after. There's a mix of hostile and passive players. Whenever that gets old you can queue into matchmaking at any altar located around the game world.All-in-all quite fun and worth the pricetag, especially if you're into player customization and fighting games, particularly."
,Recommended,473690,34721502,Posted: 3 September,all,WTFRhapsody ❤,Great game with one of the best fighting systems ever. It just needs more content and a few bug fixes.
76561198037123939,Recommended,473690,34594646,Posted: 29 August,all,$150M,"A fun fighting adventure game that has some of its roots tied to Dark Souls, not a bad game series to copy and emulate.The game's fighting mechanics are crisp and enjoyable, being able to dodge moves with a move of your own that has a ducking element or a jumping element is really awesome to see while in PVP or PVE.Fighting is intense and while punching and kicking do sound alike, they have enough variation between them (light to heavy punches and kicks) to create the impact that you would like to hear while in a battle to the death!Character customization is limited but there is enough to create your own personal Absolver, no bald hairstyle tho ...Nevertheless if you are interested in Fashion Souls you'll be pleased to know that there are a bunch of different clothing options to choose from (that have stats on them) and I have not seen another Absolver with the same clothes on as me.Servers are crashing as of today (Launch Day) but they should be fixed in a few days, they are a small company after all.8/10 Servers down -> 8.5/10 Servers up :)"
76561198160527644,Recommended,473690,34724413,Posted: 3 September,all,Solaris4,Easily worth the price.
,Recommended,473690,34724427,Posted: 3 September,all,AkiRyuji,"Absolver Is very interesting game so far. It's very PvP focused and has a complex combat system. For people who aren't great at PvP, this will be a challenge. There are some areas to explore with hidden items to reward you. There are also some really beautiful spots, and the 'time-change' effect is a neat touch!However, i wish there was more to the game. There isn't much that would make you want to replay it a bunch. PvP is good and all, but I'd like to see more history and story out of the world. There's only a taste available. Maybe some more background on the bosses? Then again there wasn't much for lore promised, just cool combat. And on that it delivers!Overall, It's a fun game! it just feels like its missing a bit something. I don't know... I do know that if they added more areas to run around that would be awesome! and maybe a few more bosses?? Defiantly more areas though! I'd love to see more of this pretty world!"
76561198061295251,Recommended,473690,34724190,Posted: 3 September,all,Littlefoot,"This game isn't perfect, This game also isn't for everyone. If you're a fan of fighting games and thinking on your feet this is the game for you it's made strictly for the pvp and nothing else. 30$ you get full value and this is easily one of the most underrated releases so far of 2017. It's not amazing but it's a solid game ""It's the company's first game""Job well done."
76561198046177174,Recommended,473690,34723752,Posted: 3 September,all,Loki,"By order of her majesty: Queen Elizabeth the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, Ireland and the British Dominions beyond the Seas Queen, Defender of the Faith: I, by royal decree, do declare this game: Fun on a bun."
,Recommended,473690,34725226,Posted: 3 September,all,Eery,I highly recommend listening to this as you playhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu1zT1KjbPk
,Recommended,473690,34666035,Posted: 1 September,all,Chy,"This game is incredible, it might lack some more weapons, or enough pve content. But it's at a very cool stage atm, but it's going to improve or get worse since it just got released. I am looking foward to the future of this game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34747135,Posted: 4 September,all,DontPanic,"Absolver has a great fighting system but it's let down by the mediocre game surrounding it. While playing this game I felt the same way I do about great early access titles, it's a great concept but I feel like it'd be much better when it's complete. Is it worth $30? Kind of, but it really needs some DLC to add more variety and easier ways to match up against other players."
76561198049171127,Recommended,473690,34747126,Posted: 4 September,all,westman65,"From the perspective of it's gameplay design, this is my personal game of the year. The combat is easy to understand and execute, but has an incredible level of depth and customization as you progress through it's incredibly engaging world. The aesthetic is simple, but extremely well animated and stylized, and the visual design of the environments is downright breathtaking at times. The PvE is well crafted, but once you have a solid grasp on the combat, you'll be able to burn through the single player offering very quickly, about 4-5 hours if you take your time. I've also had some of the most dynamic and interesting multiplayer experiences I've ever had just roaming the open world. The PvP is beyond excellent, the customizable move sets and variations in play style mean two fights rarely, if ever, feel identical, and it contains a fascinating post-PvE progression that give you a sense of reward/accomplishment even after losses. However, the game is plagued by a host of server side technical issues, so if you've completed the game's very short single-player offering, if you are greeted with a message in the main menu that you can't connect to a server, you're only meaningful option is to re-roll a new character (which I've still enjoyed doing, but definitely won't be for everyone). For how vital PvP is to the long-term experience of the game, I think for a lot of people this situation, as it stands currently, is kind of unacceptable. I've had a completely unforgettable time playing this game so far, but you may be better served waiting to see if the next few updates smooth out the server issues."
,Recommended,473690,34584936,Posted: 29 August,all,Drillmastah,"Wonder around and beat people up, its fun :)"
76561198005221427,Recommended,473690,34639166,Posted: 31 August,all,Sarek,"I am always looking for something to fill the niche that the Jedi knight: Jedi acadamy multiplayer had, a game with a community that has groups of people in it that will work with you in a honorable way to get better at the in depth combat in the game. I would say it has done a pretty good job at filling that hole for me. Nothing quite like getter your♥♥♥♥♥kicked, then having the player pick you back up and give you another chance.Cons:*   The camera angles in certain areas, especially when you get close to some walls and such, makes some fights quite difficult.*   The servers, at least right now, a day or two after launch are still a bit up and down. Also ive heard that people in Australia and OCE are region locked, which sucks, hopefully that changes.*   can't turn off motion blur  (its not that bad, but still have to mention it)*   no ingame setting to turn off the 30fps cap, have to alter it in the games .ini files.Pros:* Firstly, this games pretty as heck, I might have bought this if it was just a dreaded walking simulator.*   At its core Build-a-Brawler workshop™ seems to be a game about learning and progression, both for you as a player and for your character, the more you carefully study your combat deck, practice it and change it, and most importantly test it, the more rewarding the combat becomes. Button mashing will often just get you your buttflaps handed to you.*Attacks blocked or avoided, are studied, the more you fight people using moves you don't know, the faster you learn them. Unlike many other fighting games, you can come out of a 1v1 pvp match, and still gain something from it because of this, if you even just win 1 out of the 3 rounds, you could  have learned some new moves from that player, allowing you to expand your arsenal.*    While its story mode ( or whatever you want to call it) isn't long, it is quite challenging at certain parts, and can be valuable to learn new moves, going back to a boss with moves you want to learn. Once you have beated it, the combat challenges can be revisited at certain levels with a higher difficulty.*   I'm not sure if im crazy, but each boss and combat challenge seemed to strive to teach you something new about the games core mechanics, giving you a feel for what kind of opponent you should go all in on, what kind of moves you shouldnt try and doge and instead block, how the various powers can flip the tables, how to deal with a large group of enemies at once, ect.concluding remarks:The open world part, in my eyes is mostly just a training grounds to prepare you for pvp, so dont buy this game if you are looking to get a lengthy story game. While it is not without flaws, i feel the 29.99 price point is fair for the enjoyment ive gotten out of it, but in gameplay, and stunning visuals. I hope the developers expand on this game, release more content on any level, whether that be new areas and arenas, new martial art styles, or just new items and clothes.8/10  (would be 9/10 if they fix their server issues and region locks)"
76561198003924423,Not Recommended,473690,34744951,Posted: 4 September,all,Sirabot,"Would love to play this game. Experience Trials, boss unlocks, get new gear. But alas. Server has been down for the better part of 3 whole days in NA. Previously up for a few hours and down a few. But today September 4th, 2017. It's been down ALL day this far. I can't recommend this game until they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together. Obviously flaws asde it's a great game. But right now, it's unplayable due to all of it's features being pvp locked. No connection = No pvp"
76561198009985871,Recommended,473690,34596550,Posted: 29 August,all,TacTix,"Had to log early for work but I will say I don't quite understand the negativity. The controls are tight, the fighting is fun and intuitive, and the world is refreshing. I think the pvp is a blast (what little bit I got before the servers went down) and the ai is ok. At the moment I'd say 7/10, and it's a 7 due to server issues, easily an 8.5."
,Recommended,473690,34596484,Posted: 29 August,all,The_Solution,... iz gud
,Recommended,473690,34596715,Posted: 29 August,all,thrAsher,I know thumb fu.
,Recommended,473690,34596261,Posted: 29 August,all,Lord Voltain,"In short; Absolver is an incredible game produced by an incredible team. Despite their small size, they've created something that could very well revolutionize the fighting game genre as we know it. If you liked For Honor despite its flaws, Absolver is For Honor without flaws, and a wholesome singleplayer mode reminiscent of the Soulsborne franchise.In detail; In Absolver, you play as a martial artist who dreams of becoming an absolver; a member of an elite order of warrior monks who are shrouded in mystery. You can choose between four fighting styles;Khalt Method - A slow, heavy-handed fighting style that excels at trading blows and draining stamina. Their special ability is Absorb, which gives you a brief window of hyper armor, allowing you to recover health and turn the tide of the battle.Windfall Style - A fighting style featuring incredibly fast, light blows, and plenty of evasive strikes. Their special ability is Avoid, which executes a very fast dodge with extended invincibility frames. When timed properly in the proper direction, this ability allows you to execute a swift counterattack.Forsaken Way - A straightforward fighting style which is balanced between speed and power. Their special ability is Parry, which allows you to stun attackers briefly within a tight window, allowing for a counterattack.Stagger (Drunken Fist) - A bizarre, erratic fighting style reminiscent of a drunken brawler. Features very erratic startup animations which can be tricky to differentiate from each other, and very long reach. Their special ability is Defensive Attack, which effectively gives this style an extra four static moves which can be woven into their chains.In Absolver, you are given a palette of one hundred and sixty individual moves, and four stances from which to develop your own unique, personalized fighting style... or, y'know, you can just steal a streamer's combat deck and have absolutely no fun :p. Each stance may contain three attacks, and an alternate attack which can substitute any move in the chain, giving you a different ending stance. Furthermore, you may choose to feint out of a combo, entering yet another stance. Because of this, the sheer number of unique characters and fighting styles which can exist in this game is massive. Furthermore, players can also withhold ""trump card"" moves to throw off their foes in a pinch; a type of mindgame rarely present in a fighting game.At the time of writing this review, the common consensus is that the four styles (Kalht, Forsaken, Windfall, and Stagger) are all very well balanced, however Kalht is a bit behind in terms of learning curve, while Forsaken is a bit ahead... which is ironic, considering that Kalht is labelled as easy, while Forsaken is labelled as hard. Furthermore, it is quite difficult to create a ""bad"" moveset, though it's quite possible to create one that's tricky to use.Throughout the world, you will encounter many players randomly along your way, and it's up to you whether or not they're your friend, or your foe... or, perhaps, your sparring partner. The PvP is incredibly fun in this game, whether it is one on one, or four on four, with a mix of trying to figure your opponent's deck out, to trying to avoid them figuring out yours, to your classic fighting game mechanics, with Slo Clap's unique twists.I give this game a solid 11 out of 10; while the first day has been plagued with a few serverside issues, those will certainly fade with time, leaving behind a brilliant piece of work that any fan of Souls, Bloodborne, For Honor, or even just fighting games in general will adore. After anticipating this game since its first announcement back in 2015, my only complaint is that Slo Clap underestimated how successful Absolver would be, and forgot to beef their servers up for launch day.Absolver is truly something special, and it would be foolish to not give it a try."
,Recommended,473690,34595459,Posted: 29 August,all,SourJ,"This game is completely unique. Graphics are beautiful, Gameplay is fun and smooth, PvP is competitive. One of the best games of 2017. 10/10"
76561198056410119,Recommended,473690,34611680,Posted: 30 August,all,Obrag,"Time to complete story: 3 hoursTL;DR If you are not wanting to pvp i would recommend not to get this game, there simply isnt enough content to justify the price, however if you want to pvp then i would say get it.Pros:Nice art styleBeautiful worldCons:Servers are really bad (Hopefully fixed)Enemy Variety: all enemies fall into 3 classes (the ones you choose from), the enemies at the beginning of the game are the same ones you will fight at the end.Absorb Enemies:   Absorb Enemies are a time sink, they get a short period of invincibility and can use it multiple times in a fight. There is no increased difficulty or challenge to fighting them they are just annoying.Content: 3 hours worth of ""story"" and by story i mean objectives to complete, if you aren't going to be playing pvp don't buy.Combat: A NPC tells you at the beginning of the game that ""you must learn more styles if you are to survive"", well I beat the entire game without learning 1 new move. Not even 1. To learn moves you must block attacks, and the game appearently thought it was a lot harder than it is because i never got close to blocking the amount required to learn new moves."
,Recommended,473690,34637198,Posted: 31 August,all,SHORT-IN-THE-NECK ED BOY,"The combat is extremely fluid and captivating, the visuals are stunning, and gameplay in general is addicting. There are a multitude of moves with more to be added in the future(for free I might add). 9/10 that I'm sure will soon become a 10/10."
,Recommended,473690,34617595,Posted: 30 August,all,Arligan,"Feel of the game is something I value in video games. And as someone who likes fighting genre Absolver feels amazing. Fighting is amazing, you really have train and think thorough about your actions, and your opponent's. Graphics are nice, map design is clever. For the price point it's an amazing purchase."
,Recommended,473690,34617195,Posted: 30 August,all,Nasir,"Absolver has one of the most complex fighting systems anyone has come up with. It reminds me of Carnage Heart from PS1, where you create the flow chart, only you have to manually chain combos, which is not a bad thing. It keeps you thinking even when you are not playing. Theorycrafting in your sleep.The only downfall currently is the lag experienced during some pvp.If you enjoy fighting games and building your own Ryu/Ken (insert favorite fighter here) this is a must."
76561198043366488,Not Recommended,473690,34602250,Posted: 30 August,all,Diraan,If you live in Australia. Don't bother with this game. The Latency is Terrible and the game becomes unplayable unless you play in offline mode. which literally takes away half of the games content considering this is a PVP focused game.
76561198023881569,Recommended,473690,34608518,Posted: 30 August,all,2Lazy2Die,"An amazing game.  1v1 PVP is the best i've experienced in a while. Exploration and story are kinda short, but enjoyable. Surely, it has some bugs here and there, but hey, they're gonna get patched soon, the devs seem to be rather cool."
,Not Recommended,473690,34587622,Posted: 29 August,all,Goose.exe,"Absolver can be something cool and unique, but right now I have to many issues with it to recommend.PROs :-The combat is unique and creative, being able to learn new moves and create your own moveset is rather easy, the menus are confusing at first, but the creation menu lets you make and test your builds quickly; and in a couple of minute you can get the hang of it, and that part of the game is AMAZING. My initial reaction to this moveset building option was not so good, I felt overwhelmed, but after playing around with the whole thing only a couple of minutes, I understood how it worked.-The visuals are pretty good (thx UE4)-The 1 on 1 fighting is really coolCONS-This game performs poorly, I meet the required specs and it still stutters in any area that isn't secluded. The game even froze and crashed a couple of times.-Bugs. I got stuck or fell through floors many times in my small amount of playtime-The combat is not satisfying in any scenario that isn't a 1v1. The current way the game works it great, but in the many scenarios where you there will be more than two combatants, it's painfully obnoxious to fight. The only ways I found to fight such group in a manner that worked, was by throwing smaller hits and backing off, which isn't fun.OTHER :-Sound design is good, but lacks in some part, I got tired of hearing the same hit noises over and over again-People in the game seem nice, and seem to prefer cooperation to PvP (since both are an option)"
,Recommended,473690,34614651,Posted: 30 August,all,Djeeza,"A game with a Mark,...Dark souls feeling in an other World.10 hours for pve content with fun, with rush probably 5.Had fun with boss fight, exploration, skill deck, character customisation.PvP as Always ends UP to be 'special', best way IS to spam apparantly.60 FPS constant, no bug, no crash. Some lag on multiplayer session. Played it only with mouse + keyboard, very intuitif after a Dark souls 2Gj Sloclap."
76561198027630555,Not Recommended,473690,34622166,Posted: 30 August,all,OldScratch,"The game has a lot of fun style, but the PvE is only worth a few short hours and the pvp is dominated by speed spam attacks. It's possible to overcome of course, as long as you aren't using Kahlt Method, but fighting the same thing every time gets old quick.Lots of disconnects and crashes too, with some time and fixes I could see this really becoming something nice, but for the time being I would skip it."
,Recommended,473690,34590682,Posted: 29 August,all,Trashman,"The basic concept is as follows:You're a prospect and your goal is to fight the boss at the end of the game. To do this you have to defeat 7 minibosses throughout the game, each in different areas. There are many enemies along the way that will try to stop you and you will have to defeat them gaining new items and leveling up as you go.The main draw towards this game is the multiplayer, you are in a world with many other actual players and you can each do your own thing. You can however request a party with others (up to 3) and fight minibosses and enemies together. The only other way of communicating is via the emote system in-game as there is no voice or text chat implemented. If you want you can simply attack others and this yields interesting results.The leveling system is a point based system where each level will gain you a point, there are 6 different slots for your points to go into and each give their respected benefit.You will pick up loot from enemies you kill, chests and from killing other players.It takes a very minimalist approach to a fighting game. It's alot like Dark Souls in the sense there's no map, the story is very obsure and it doesn't tell you alot. However it's a very fun game and I definetely recommend it."
76561198028592194,Not Recommended,473690,34616004,Posted: 30 August,all,Wasp,"The story line of the game is only about 5 hours long. pvp usually ends up being one guy using the same 3 moves over and over again that wont allow you to dodge them. multiple gameplay issues such as enemies regaining full health for no reason. somethimes you can't damage eachoter and other things.now there is potential for sure here. the gameplay that is there is overall fun. combat works well. making your own move set is fun (the process of unlocking moves could be a bit improved, I got through the storyline with the basic move set and only unlocking 2 moves total) and the school mechanic is a neat ideaover all cant recommend this game in its current state. maybe if the devs added more storyline (free of charge of course I mean the game is 30 euro's) and take another good look at how their game functions maybe this"
,Recommended,473690,34625042,Posted: 30 August,all,ANicePongLenis,"While it had a rocky start, the gameplay itself for a fighting game that could definitely have had broken mechanics plays so smoothly and crisply while still upholding the idea that skill trumps all. Would recommend to anyone who's interested in a fighting game or any game for that matter because even as someone who's played, tekken, the souls serious, for honor, I had to learn a lot to get the hang of this game, and it's only just begun."
,Recommended,473690,34632768,Posted: 31 August,all,Vanilla,"Almost 8 hours in and I have to say i'm having a blast. Good, fun content with a wide variety of moves to keep the gameplay fresh and entertaining. Learning more moves is so fun I almost couldn't stop. The AI is actually relatively hard so if you like that kind of AI, you're going to like this game. I have not played the PVP however and am hoping to jump into that soon. Apparently they will be adding ranked and if they are then that's another positive for the list!However, the game does not come without its negatives.1. When you play co-op, there is no invincibility for your teammates so you will just end up hitting eachother quite a bit which leads to their death.2. Laggy servers when you first enter a zone (however, is fixed after a few seconds so it's not that much of a negative).Other than that, i'd say this is a good quality game and cannot wait to see what the devs do to further this masterpiece! Definitely would recommend!"
76561198040482424,Recommended,473690,34633442,Posted: 31 August,all,Chief Inspector Rucket,"Extremely good.  Highly recommended assuming they fix the online issues.  Right now in US-west I haven't been able to play online at all.  I hear it works earlier in the day, but thats no excuse."
76561198039160795,Not Recommended,473690,34628987,Posted: 31 August,all,Kaiser,servers are powered by a single potato and the lag is unrealif this game could run in more than 15fps it would be excellentF I X T H E G A M E
,Recommended,473690,34607433,Posted: 30 August,all,Artenji,"Gameplay: This is by far the best part of the game. Addictive and fun, while really deep and complex. Comparable to For Honor with kungfu in a world similar to Dark Souls.Style: Simplistic but quite charming. The best thing about the way this game looks are the animations for the moves, they're all incredibly fluid and flow together really well, while maintaining a great feel of impact when you make contact. I'd like the aesthetic more if it was a tiny bit more detailed in the world, but overall the game looks great. The audio in contrast is quite minimalistic. However the sound design and soundtrack when it is there are nice.Story: Incredibly vague, but this isn't a story driven game at all really. The general setting and feel for the game is pretty interesting though; hope they expand upon it, though I doubt it.PVP: So while the gameplay is amazing, and in theory the game should be amazing in PVP, there are currently issues with what seems to be lag on the OCE servers (I live in Australia) as well as those in Russia. It doesn't always lag, but when it does its really really bad. Matchmaking feels TERRIBLE in its current state due to how bad it is, but hopefully that is only temporary. However since this is a huge draw for players, BEWARE and keep that in mind when buying the game in Australia and Russia.Overall this game is pretty great so far, enjoying the small amount of PVE a lot, and loving the PVP when it works."
,Recommended,473690,34587291,Posted: 29 August,all,Gunslinger,"Game is pretty damn good. Got into a fight with random players, and also helped some. The fighting feels really smooth. Graphics are decent. Sound is okay. Worth the $30 price."
,Recommended,473690,34612672,Posted: 30 August,all,Clitoreus,i love it
76561198029016436,Recommended,473690,34602263,Posted: 30 August,all,AlarmedGibbon,"This game has an amazing fight system, and co-op gameplay! I'm a big fan of games that include co-op.You can customize your fighter, including creating your own move list. The ability to create your own fighting style in this way is truly awesome.Highly recommended!"
76561198014946574,Recommended,473690,34625058,Posted: 30 August,all,Tormound,"I'm gonna be honest here. The story mode is really just a big tutorial that doesn't take long to complete but that's alright since it's 30 bucks and I honestly don't think anyone was buying this game for the story mode. No the draw of this game is the PvP kung fu wuxia style action. In that aspect, it's fun and the combat has quite a bit of depth. Your style changes your defensive ability beyond the universal block and dodge. Moves associated with a style benefits from different stats but you can mix and match any moves from any style into your combos while your combo changes depending on of stance you're in of which there is 4.  It's going to be hard if you're starting out because of the sheer amount of moves players can have and all you can do is hope that you can dodge correctly(although if you're going with the styles that gives you parry or tanking ability, it should be a lot easier since you only have to worry about attack timing and not direction as well). But as you'll get better as you better understand the moves and especially if your enemy is spamming a single combo making it easy to counter attack. Always remember, block when you can if you dont think you can't dodge or counter in some way, for some reason a lot of people dont try to block if they fail their counter timing."
76561198105513511,Recommended,473690,34620063,Posted: 30 August,all,Ash,"Firstly I would like to say this is more of a pvp game, rather than a pve story driven game. Think of the pve as a big tutorial building up to pvp.TL:DR PROS AND CONS:PROS:+Engaging combat.+PVP is fun and balanced.+Coop avaliable.+Unique and fun grinding experience.+Large variety of move and gear customisation.+Challenging.+Lots of hidden content.CONS:-Shallow story.-Early access level of PVE.-Little to no direction throughout the game.-Large amount of bugs (Still early in release to be fair)-Can become repetitive.-Bad camera angles.-Not much sound (Only punching and repetitive music).-Unable to re-assign some keybindings.-Weak weapon play/move sets.BASIC MECHANICS:Unlocking moves:The most important mechanic you will need to know is learning moves, you learn new moves by blocking or using your class specific defensive ability on them, a bar will fill anytime you successfully defend against the attack, any xp you gain towards that move will be stored until you learn the move, however you only get xp if you defeat the opponent, if they beat you and you faint, all the xp you gained in that fight will be lost.Shards:Shards are a resource that are used to use abilities in absolver, these include being able to summon weapons, including swords and battle claws, and also use shard abilities such as heal, gravity, shockwave and other such abilities. You gain shards by leveling up.Gaining new shard abilities:Shard abilities are unlocked by defeating bosses; mini bosses usually give you Shard abilities such as gravity and earthquake. While the big bosses give you weapons.Player Versus Environment (PVE):The pve in this game is very shallow from the start of this game you are told you are chosen to become an absolver, you then have to defeat a number of bosses, around 6-8 if i remember correctly, With 3 being 'big' boss rights. The boss fights aren't really too different from regular enemies they just have more health, and do more damage, have weapons, and have some mobs to gank you mid fight. The ending is unsurprisingly underwhelming, it leaves an open ended epilogue that will lead up to more events in future content updates. As mentioned above pve is where you will want to learn moves from enemies, it will be much easier than fighting against people in pvp and is much more efficient. It has around a 4-6 hour campaign.Player Versus Player (PVP):Currently there is only a 1v1 set up pvp mode were you fight other players and gain Combat Trial points which allow you to do things such as fight bosses again but with higher difficulty. You are also able to fight with players in the open world by attacking them a couple of times, this will give you a lot of xp and they have a chance to drop equipment they have picked up (Cannot confirm if this is true or not).Cooperative (Coop):You can ask random people to join you and form a party, or you can add people on your steam friend list and invite them to your instance, this will increase the difficulty in the form of more enemies in boss areas and the enemies doing more damage.Combat styles:There are 4 combat styles currently in the game, I will give a brief discription of each:Forsaken: This is a balanced fighting style of dexterity and strength, although slightly favored towards strength, has a parry ability, when you time a mouse direction you will block your opponents attack, and gain frame advantage on your next move (Hits are not guaranteed after a parry).Windfall: Mainly focuses on dexterity moves, has better dodges that give a lot of frame advantage after you successfully evade an attack (Again not always guaranteed) you also gain stamina on a successful dodge.Khalt: This focuses on vitality and strength moves, and give the person the ability to completely block attacks, it will also heal them after they block additional attacks.Stagger:This is a hidden stance that can be taught by an npc late into the game, or the moves can learned by blocking the attacks of a certain npc. It focuses mainly on offense at the expense of defense, it incorperated moves that evade and attack at the same time.Overall I would give this game a 7/10.PVP: 9/10PVE:6/10"
,Recommended,473690,34617650,Posted: 30 August,all,omni souul,"Very very good game.Bit of a rocky start, and not much to the single player, but it's ok. This game is made for the multiplayer so if you want a single player experience, you probably shouldn't buy this.1v1 wise, most balanced fighting game out right now. Not only is everything balanced, everything has a pretty high learning curve and skill cap so, if you're bad at fighting games you probably shouldn't buy this.I'm just tired of people complaining about this game when they don't know what it's about. If you like intricate fighting games that require skill, buy this game.Also somewhat laggy atm, but the team just wasn't ready (they should've had an open beta). It's cool though. They seem to be dedicated to their work so hopefully they'll go through with their plans and continue to improve this game even more.9.9/10"
,Recommended,473690,34603383,Posted: 30 August,all,Zombiehugz,"Well i whipped out my debit,paid 30$ for an unknown game i quite frankly wasnt sure was gonna be good.I was F***ing WRONG. Heres why.Absolver is a open world brawler/dark souls/for honor. Now at first it seemed like a weird comination, but it isnt.The game has more customizable moves you can shake a bruce lee hiyaaa! at, to top that off theres abilities, and each is different depending on the class, some heal, some do more damage etc, enemies do respawn after death or by reaching a safe point ala dark souls ;). The pvp in this game at the current moment is just random guys roaming everywhere, some help, some dont, but theres no indication on whos friendly, you just have to watch out for their name. So the way the combat works is very different and its incredibly innovative in the way by blocking or using your class specific ability you can learn new moves from npcs or players! (I know you are saying what no F****ing way zombie!) It is indeed true. The graphics of this game are incredible, the water paint colors and beautiful back drops as you're laying the flying flip kick on someones face is very easy to get distracted by. The sound and music are incredible and well, from the punches to the blocks, to the music playing as you run through the beautifully lit forrests and broken down villages is just breathtaking to my ears! (see what i did there?) Anyway, im addicted, i havent slept since ive gotten this, its one of those (Just one more time) games, and to see Absolver among my list for an unknown game that absolutely needs to be known, has already happened, this is my first ever review, thanks for taking the time to look at it and buy the game now, and stop wasting your life on other not as incredible games.Be lost, as an ABSOLVER."
,Recommended,473690,34623340,Posted: 30 August,all,baby aspirin,"This game is amazing. Great art style, exceptional and totally new combat style and very interesting deckbuilding mechanics.11/10 for Honor but good"
76561198037531557,Not Recommended,473690,34622694,Posted: 30 August,all,JoeRuckus,"Game tries to be the action answer to dark sould and for honor at the same time. It doesnt manage to do either effectively.Single player campaign only lasts 3-4 hours (which isn't what you came here for anyway) but PVP is limited to 1v1 modes. I often times would be stuck at a loading screen for a few minutes before being sent back to the main lobby area when trying to get into a match. Once I did get in I was matched up with players 15-20 levels above me. Decent looking art style, but devs skipped on anything else atmospheric in the game (including sound design - thwap thwap thwap).Save yourself the cash, this one will be abandoned in the next two weeks."
76561197998778440,Not Recommended,473690,34622808,Posted: 30 August,all,Jonny_Danger,"When I buy games, I buy them with the hope of having fun. I have not yet had that experience with Absolver.I WANT to like it, I really do, but I can't get over feeling underwhelmed and I don't enjoy getting the ever-loving crap kicked out of me by a poorly made combat system that punishes you endlessly (no matter which initial school I pick). And can we talk about the horrible camera angles, laggy inputs and server issues?...Nah, let's ignore it and slowly get off the hype train with our heads held down because we made a poor purchase decision that took 5 hours to realize. I think steam should give you a solid '24 hour from purchase' grace period for refunds instead of 2 gameplay hours. I feel cheated. Again.I've tried all the schools, I've tried to learn how to play better, but I honestly think input lag is what's killing me and I have a great connection and high-end gaming rig. I'll try to come back to this in a few weeks to see if they fix it, but for right now...I really can't recommend this game to anyone, especially not for $30.Do yourself a favor and watch a few hours of gameplay on Twitch before you buy, seeing as how demos have died for the trade-off of douping gamers."
76561198210427504,Recommended,473690,34616083,Posted: 30 August,all,The War Kitty,"Overall i'd rate Absolver 8/10What I enjoyed about Absolver was many things. To start, the combat feel. The dodges, the appropriately timed attacks, and everything felt so RIGHT. Attacks that hit hard felt and sounded like they hit hard. The swords feel like a sword that slashes away. The sounds were just right for the game.The combat itself was interesting enough. You're able to create your own combos, and with some attacks having different defensive and offensive properties and various scalings made this interesting to use. With so many possibilities, combat is never dull.Content wise, I was a little underwhelmed. The map is modest, and after you beat the final boss to become an Absolver there isn't much else to do in terms of PvE but as the devs have stated, the game's final purpose was a PvP focused game so this hardly mattered to me but if the PvP ever got old I would like something to fall back on.The servers, this is a problem im seeing in game and sadly the reviews are tearing into the game way too much for it.This is an indie studio's first release, who did not expect the game to get as popular as it did. They did remarkable for a multiplayer launch, but like all multiplayer launches they just weren't prepared for the servers to receive so much traffic all at once. The developers at Sloclap are very passionate about Absolver and have been working themselves to death on this game even as I type this. They deserve any praise they receive."
,Recommended,473690,34628639,Posted: 31 August,all,Revolution,"This game is so F***ing amazing. Between the artwork and the combat style, this game not only performs well at a constant 60 fps but, they honestly made the combat system perfect. For $30 this game is a steal and worth every penny. Best game ever played in 2017 and will probably stay that way."
76561198126442987,Recommended,473690,34622686,Posted: 30 August,all,Pizza Time,"Mobs beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out meDamn this is hardFirst bossGot my♥♥♥♥♥beat 20+ timesMfw I finally beat himAdrenalin rushProgress a bit, learn a few movesMobs are getting easier to beat, more predictableBosses still a challenge but its fun nowBeat the♥♥♥♥♥♥outta last bossCome homeStart playing absolver10/10 ign"
76561198043842080,Recommended,473690,34627515,Posted: 30 August,all,PlantCity,"The gameplay is great, the concept of learning new techniques through experiencing them in combat is a such a cool part of this game.  Winning a difficult PVP match or beating a boss that has been knocking you around feels so rewarding.  I actually feel my skill level rising the more that I played around with the combat system.  The final boss in the PVE portion of the game knocked me around countless times, but each attempt I slowly learned her fighting style and how to counter it.  After I finally won the fight I screamed out loud in joy.There have been hiccups, admittedly, but I'm sure the devs are working on making the game more stable.  As of right now the problems have not really affected my enjoyment of the game.Overall I have had an immense amount of fun in the game and cannot wait until more content is released."
,Recommended,473690,34628229,Posted: 31 August,all,Orphanore,"- Good combat system- Good art style- Good playerbase- Good player interaction system- God awful lag in 1v1 mode- Confusing story- Confusing progression (I have no idea where I should be going and what remains on my ""checklist"" to progress)- Lack of based matchmaking for 1v1 (No skill bracket or matchmaking system in place)Overall, I like it. Lag will improve but this game lacks in a lot of ways. As someone who has NOT been following Absolver at all during it's development it's just really confusing."
,Not Recommended,473690,34602836,Posted: 30 August,all,stompindez,Unfortunately there are no OCE servers yet so the lag ruins the game if you're in Australia or surrounding countries. Hard to know if the peer to peer system for the 1v1's is problematic because the entire game is laggy for me either way.It's a real shame because this game has great fighting mechanics and an incredible art style. I've had to refund it but I'll be checking in to see the state of the servers frequently to see if it's worth purchasing again. I'm really keen to give this game a better go and I wish I could give this game a positive review but in it's current condition in Aus I can't.Do not buy this game if you're in the Oceanic region until they create OCE servers.
,Not Recommended,473690,34637609,Posted: 31 August,all,JTC,"Small world, short story, boring button mashing combat, horrible servers, tons of bugs, little to no character customization. If your looking for a third person fighting game pick up For Honor instead."
76561197989627344,Recommended,473690,34622995,Posted: 30 August,all,The Harmacist,"While this game is relatively short, the combat system alone is worth the price. Too few games try anything new with their mechanics, while Absolver jumps straight into the deep end of the ""new ideas"" pool and completely re-invents the 3D fighter in all the best ways. I've never before been given the freedom to make my own style of fighting and have it feel like it was my own. Sure, some games give you a degree of choice in your combo execution but Absolver takes it to an entirely new level.The game is very ""Soulsy"" in the sense that very little of the lore or mechanics are explained to you. Much like Dark Souls you're given a vague sense of the buttons and lore that for a lot of people may be frustrating. That said, if you've already sunk many hours into the Souls series then it really won't be a big deal (and you may even appreciate!) how little the game tells you.I honestly have few, if any, gripes with this game. I wish PvE were a bit longer, but not necessarily because I think the game is too short; in fact it's because it left me wanting more!"
,Recommended,473690,34695782,Posted: 2 September,all,PreciousPain,"Game of the year in my opinion.1: The games indepth combat customisation makes almost every pvp encounter fresh and new. A fight can last anywhere from 10 seconds to 10mins (that was my longest one so far).2: currently non toxic community, everyone seems so polite (ofcourse there are few trolls here and there but at least they cant flame you as theres no chat only emote). People bow before a fight and are happy to rematch an opponent to help them get a grasp of the game.3: seamless multiplayer. Wandering around you can run into other players, I think there can be 3 per area. This can make for some amazing improvised coop fights or some intense pvp.4: The game doesnt make itself easy. At the start you will strange but as you grasp the many intricasies of the combat sister you will go from a lowly prospect to a skilled absolver. PVE gets easier as time goes on but only because you're better at the game. Originally I thought the game throwing 3/4 people at me was overwhelming and unfair however now I can fight them off while looking little health.5: learning moves. As you fight, if you block, dodge, parry or absorb correct then youll begin to learn whatever move is being used against you, this is a satsifying and rewarding way to add unlocks into a game.5: The Devs are currently active and want to make the game suit the communities wants and desires. Future content and the games already got so much to offer.See you at the top of adals great tower prospect. Good day."
,Not Recommended,473690,34736432,Posted: 4 September,all,Howling Willie Cunt,"Servers Are Absolute Trash Most Of The Time. Can't Even Play a 1v1 Or Fight AI Without Getting Hit By Nothing Or Just Teleporting Around. Seriously, Fix Your Terrible Servers."
76561198000740985,Recommended,473690,34597427,Posted: 29 August,all,Fr0,sweet game combat is fun
76561198162807436,Recommended,473690,34584483,Posted: 29 August,all,_Tejofi42_,So after 1 week this game is still too easy for me...or I am that good idk but if you like easy games give it a try !
,Recommended,473690,34790448,Posted: 7 September,all,TK0,"This game has honestly become one of my favorites I've ever found on a whim. The art style is minimalistic and beautiful, and the combat system is deep you'll find no two people that fight alike. It's similar to For Honor, but different enough that it sets it apart. How your character plays greatly relies on your preference. There's also an adventure aspect similar to Dark Souls where you run around a map and fight other Prospects and ultimately a final boss while collecting loot.The PvE is short but SWEET and you can always run around and learn more moves and hone your skills after you beat the game, as the npcs will level with you, bosses and all. The PvP is challenging when you're still trying to figure out your style and theres a learning curve to it, but honestly if you can beat the bosses in PvE, you can beat anyone in PvP. This game is unforgiving in both aspects and you learn to love it.Worth noting on it's own account is the developer's attention to real martial arts in the world. You see a bit of kung fu, drunken style, Muay Thai, and quite a few others. It's really exciting to see how people mash it together and find a flow with it. If you appreciate martial arts as much as I do, I have no doubt you'll enjoy this game.The only downsides, in my opinion, is that it's too short and the overall map is smaller than I'd like it to be. Not a deal breaker by any means, and they give you plenty of room to explore, but seems to feel claustrophobic once you get to know the lay of the land. Other than that, there is connectivity issues as of now with the servers that comes and goes, and the game has frozen up on me and crashed quite a few times. That said, it'll still go a long time before the game throws a fit, and there's nothing the devs aren't currently working to fix, so these problems won't persist before long.So all in all, this game is an absolute joy if you love action/rpgs and want a real challenge that will ultimately come down to skill, not items or combat deck moves. The developers of this game have a good thing going and I'd love to see this project go far!"
76561198017752634,Recommended,473690,34612004,Posted: 30 August,all,L'IMPULSIF IMPATIENT,Very ♥♥♥♥ing awesome!
76561197970742987,Recommended,473690,34612288,Posted: 30 August,all,woodsman,"I'm loving it.Just know that it's more of a PvP game than a PvE game.Think of it as a streamlined, martial arts For Honor."
,Recommended,473690,34612028,Posted: 30 August,all,Isocide,"I love this game!! Sure, its a little buggy and some aspects could be better, but, the core concept is awesome! I've followed this game since they announced it and fell in love with its gameplay. I would definitely recommend this game... It might be a good idea to wait until the servers are more stable though."
,Recommended,473690,34609054,Posted: 30 August,all,WHITE PEOPLE,"First impressions of the game left me wanting more, it was extremely interesting to learn how the moves flowed together and you were able to customize which kick or punch came next. The most interesting factor was how after a successful punch or kick was thrown the position of your body opened it up for strikes unique to that position and how it would all just flow.The random encounters were a bit of a mess due to how spammy some players were but this was part of not learning the moves or utilizing your move set to shut them down. This was the moment I understood the potential of the game and how great it's going to be to understand your own techniques and effectively using them against an opponent to best them.I'll give the game a bit of time to sink in in which I'll have a better review. But as far as first impressions go, wow."
,Not Recommended,473690,34593995,Posted: 29 August,all,Reyson Fox,"So far the punch missed the mark.~!So far I wat to say I am liking this game, I do like this game.Now I know the game is gonna have some issues when it is first released so I am not bashing already on that hate train, I am merely reviewing the game from how I played it and what elements I enjoy from it.  it has a great atmosphere to it, the worlds unique and the combat is fluent to the asethics of that mystical style of martial arts and world feel. With that said I will just make a rundown on the problems I have had with the game since I started it up.1. The World of Adal is not as open world as it may seem with the tag of being a MMO type of game. The paths do branch off but all lead back to central areas, sometimes the terrain is confusing and it has no bearings at times. Aside from the world being unique and artful it does have this flaw of roaming aimless.2. The combat against the A.I is a little...how should I say, sluggish. At times the A.I enemies that randomly spawn in their key locations will sometimes have abilities that will just trump your attacks, meaning they will just pummel you. Definitely when they do their guard breaks or gang up tactics. The one on one is sometimes good, and other times too easy or just cheated. Also for the life of me which has been the most frustrating element to the game so far to me is the dodge.DODGING IN THIS GAME IS WAY TOO UNBALANCEDI tried every style and mix to dodge punches and kicks only to still get knocked around like a rag doll, the side strafe and the four way dodges all just don't seem to work that well. So most the time I am just spamming my combat moves which usually does the trick, and that is a real problem.3. You can't Chat with others. Also in Co-op with others you will still hit and attack them by accident when fighting other enemies. These two things are a huge problem tot the game of Absolver because takes away two important elements of co-op. It takes away communication and the other which is strategy. Since you cannot voice chat or speak to others you cannot coordinate your attack patterns against a gang of enemies, also when you sometimes attack an enemy together or in the same area you can still hit and damage one another which automatically will cause Friendly to go Neutral to eventually Hostile without discrepency. These things are a HUGE problem when playing with friends. Also in the world you will definitely fall and die off cliffs and bridges alot in this, so heads up.4. PVP(E) OMG is the PVP in this crap. Honestly whether I thought I was good or not it did not matter. It felt like every other PVP  game I ever played where I would just get my♥♥♥♥♥kicked no matter what I did in the battles. I try my best, even beat the absolver and much A.I but against others you are punching against stone. I only won once out of 5 to 10 tries because the server went down, that is how bad it is. With the combination of dodging not being worth a damn and some how spamming hits stagger your efforts everytime, and others fully heal on victory while somehow you don't is all just ifuriating. For the PVE>? It is really short, one big circle of an area. PVP seems to be there main focus...I am so sick of PVP in everything! Why can't there be great Co-op elements? And this is why PVP is actually sort of dissappointing cause you either get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked or get lucky when something glitches.But Fox, is there good things about this game...?Yes.Definitely there is some great things about this game. First off it is very different from most MMO's we are used to, the old hack and slash of World  of Warcraft or Everquest type of deal. In this game its all about learning and honing your skills in true martial art combat across a world. finding gear that sets your skill set right with what you like to adapt to. Next thing is that the community so far has been really cool and not a bunch of aimbot, try hard, kill you on the spot type people you would find in most games like this. I found myself helping others and wandering around which really built the joy of the game. I'm not one for PvP - downright dislike it. I enjoy the co-op adventure of things and fighting tough enemies, not eachother. Now there is PVP in this but I don't mind a fair one-on-one or team effort battle, nothing wrong with that.Continuing on what is good is the customizations, options screen where you can alter your controls. It is well optimised and the developer continues to work and update the game and servers. There is no P2W microtransacttions, DLC or hidden content you can't obtain or buy. Community is good, Forums are good and just all around a good game that will get better with time. It is definitely a good buy if you are into Kung Fu, Mystical Stories and practice the arts yourself. It is a great change of pace MMO for the most part and I am still enjoying it and liking it for what it is."
,Recommended,473690,34636971,Posted: 31 August,all,Girthy Gumbolini,"It's like Dark Souls 3 and For honor had a baby.You've got the awesome combat and the iconic ""Learn through Punishment"" ideaology from Dark Souls , and the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥net servers from For Honor. (This game has actually servers though, not P2P.)It's good but it has some server issues currently. The singleplayer is kickass though, so it's everything is okay."
,Recommended,473690,34743638,Posted: 4 September,all,Blejk,"Definitely one of the best 1v1 third person fighting games. While I'm highly recommending it for the combat mechanics alone, if you're looking for a good singleplayer campaign I think you should look somewhere else. You can easily finish the entire singleplayer content in 1,5 hour if you know what you are doing. The AI is pretty easy to exploit, aside from ganking you three to one so it doesnt really pose much of a challenge.There's also the big issue of servers at launch. While it was a disaster on release day, things are slowly getting better. I would advise checking the current state of the those before making a purchase. Aside from that, the game is a real gem if you're looking for a fun competetive gameplay."
,Not Recommended,473690,34731361,Posted: 4 September,all,SeductiveBanana,Feels like I've been handed a pile of steaming♥♥♥♥♥♥and paid 30$ for it.
,Recommended,473690,35065411,Posted: 19 September,all,Black Elephant King,"This was a reddit post I made and was encouraged to post it as a review. ANY NEGATIVE REVIEWS, are due to the games launch connection issues that they've already patched once and are about to patch again for stability. THE OTHER BAD REVIEWS come from those too impatient to learn the intricacies of a mechanically deep fighting game...now to the post:This game feels like an online reimagination of Jade Empire, my favorite game that made me cry the day my Xbox original broke.I'm finally living my dream of being Jackie Chan from Legend of the Drunken Master, the movie that fostered my love for martial artsAnd as a competitive super smash bros melee player for over 10 years, this is the first fighting game I've picked up since smash that has an extremely high skill ceiling, massive mechanical depth, enjoyment at the bottom rung, and awe at the top lvl of pvp. But with the unique ability to have full customization and control of how your character looks and feels as you play, your character feels like an extension of your imagination. Every win feels like validation of my well thought out deck and my mechanical ability to adapt in the way I theorized my deck to handle various situation and styles.The day I make a school and make irl friends from this game will be the moment it goes down in my personal hall of fame but if Sloclap's target market could be reincarnated as a person, it would be my clone. Can't wait to see what else this game has in store. Swear this isn't a review, this is just how I talk, ask my friends lol"
76561198112881070,Recommended,473690,35067688,Posted: 19 September,all,Tokemon86,"Dark Souls + Antidepressives + Martial arts =Bright Souls (kung fu edition)5/7 would play it again.PS no, seriously, buy it, it's better than ""for honour"""
,Recommended,473690,34771767,Posted: 6 September,all,kamhi_,"Absolver - A path of a lone warrior to prove his worth through series of bruises and broken bones.The unique Combat Deck system in Absolver lets you design your own ultimate style that works for you. Pick a type, master a weapon, learn new moves along the way, and create your own unique ravaging combos.There are total of 4 combat styles with unique deffensive abilities, and so far 2 weapon types - armored fists and swords.The game features fluid real-time combat in a deeply tactical combat system. You will have to fight your way through duels and battles. Attack, dodge, parry... Master your stances and devastate your enemies. Compare your skills with other players in 1v1 or upcomming 3v3 fights to death in best of five rounds.You will also meet other players as you make progress to become Absolver, and their choices will steer these interactions either towards PVP or PVE. Moments of tension, leaps of faith, and fragile truces will punctuate your journey through the game.The combat itself feels good and is rewarding if you pay close attention but very punishing if you make mistakes in chosing the right move to perform. In real time the duels consist of many direct attacks, parries, dodges, counter attacks so you will have to focus.In a few hours of playing you will find yourself farming items by grinding PvE or challenging others in 1v1 duels since nice pieces of armor and weapons are a rare drop.The storyline or the PvE part of the game is pretty short. You will have to fight your way through several bosses. Some can be challenged with other players as well, but some you will have to apprehend by yourself. In the end of the day it's just a tutorial to prepeare you for serious PvP duels.Brawler fashionsouls game:    - 8/10 -"
,Recommended,473690,34595588,Posted: 29 August,all,BaKAWK,"Combat's fun, decpetively simple, game looks good, nice and stylized, has♥♥♥♥♥♥servers, slightly better as of now (I can usually get online, NA west).Overall I give it a roundhouse kick outa 5"
,Recommended,473690,34768693,Posted: 5 September,all,Toby der Panzer Mann,"DO YOU LIKE SOULS LIKE GAMEPLAY?! DID YOU LIKE FOR HONOR""S MEACHAICS BUT HATED THE REST?! DO LIKE TO PUNCH♥♥♥♥♥♥! Well then this a game for you. This is a purely melee fighting game with a hybrid of souls like and for honor in to one punch fest. The souls like elements mainly consist mainly of gear weight and stamina cost and the souls stat customization. For Honor's influence mainly comes in the style of the four direction attack system. The gameplay is solid and fluid with the sound to add impact.Pro's:Solid GameplayMeaning full customizationFashion SoulsHigh Skill ceilingCon's:In world PvP can be laggy as ♥♥♥♥.Random black screens when respawningCertain style's are very cheeseyShort CampaignIf you are on the edge you should probably wait till release. If you can roll with the early accessness it's a good play. Butusually Devolver puts out good products so keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,473690,34768711,Posted: 5 September,all,Hentai Samurai,"Tl;dr - I feel like Jackie Chan in ""The Legend of Drunken Master"". 9/10 experience.+Combat system is absolutely amazing. Chain between different stances, learn new styles, create hybrid styles.+ Amazing aesthetic. Graphics are perfect for what they go for.+ Difficulty is just right. Not too easy, yet challenging enough to make you sweaty.+ 1v1 me fam.+ Relatively easy co-op invite system. Makes it dinner with friends!+ It's a Dark Souls for those of us who (for one reason or another) couldn't get into it either because of the theme or difficulty.- Lag issues need to be fixed. I'm in the US and I'm not experiencing anything too drastic.- When I die in co-op, and my friend can't pick me up, please PLEASE LET ME JUST SPAWN BACK IN HIS INSTANCE. I don't want to have to keep messing around and have him go back to a shrine just so we can play together again.- The game is crazy short. For $30 it doesn't upset me at all, especially since it's mostly a pvp game. But you gave me such an amazing experience, I want more!(Back up your save. Bad bug that corrupts your data, effectively ruining your game save)."
,Recommended,473690,34663955,Posted: 1 September,all,.HyruleKid | HRLKD,"First of all I want to say IREALLYlike this game and its Fighting system. It feels amazing and is alot of fun and im glad i bought this game. I also love that you can create your own move-sets for your character, which will never make the game boring since you'll barely see anyone with the same/almost same deck as you, if ever. Everyone just has his Unique Playstyle and deck which brings alot of variety into the Game. I can only recommend this game to everyone who likes those kind of games and is willing to invest some time into it to get better.BUTthere are a couple of things that need some improvement/changes in my opinion and here they are.- Add a Ranked System for PvP.- Add a ""Queue again"" button for PVP at the end if the match is over and the opponent leaves so you dont have to gotrough 2 loading screens again.- Add a timer or something to PvP to prevent people by just running away/stalling out games.- Add a way to reset skill points.- Make private lobbies stay private even when switching areas.- Make Armor Cosmetic-only or nerf heavy Armor(there is just a TINY downside when going full protection, but itsnothing compared to the defensives you get)- Nerf the Shockwave skill by increasing the shard cost from 1 to 2.- Remove the hole on that foggy map which looks like a ""x"" and increase the size of 1 of the platforms on the Library mapby a bit.Thats it. tl;dr: The Game is awesome if you like fighting type games which require alot of skill."
76561198066466209,Recommended,473690,34752115,Posted: 5 September,all,Urici,"If you want to buy this game, buy it for the PvP, the PvE doesnt last you long.The fighting system is the best I've ever played. It takes a long time to understand and get used to, but when it clicks and you fight, you really feel like you have control over your character and what (s)he does."
,Recommended,473690,34642679,Posted: 31 August,all,pokket,"Absolver is a fighting game first and foremost and any newcomers should be aware. You will get your crap kicked in. Hard. Multiple times. It's the barrier to entry. But stay with it and be patient, fighting games reward those who stick with them. You can get good. You will get good.That said, Absolver has the potential to be something terrific. Launch issues aside at the time of this writing, there are certainly other flaws to be found. Bugs to be encountered for sure. Would love to see some more quality of life stuff added too. Attribute respec is very much needed. Ability to sort the attack list by scaling type, damage, or speed would be great. Maybe fast travel between altars if they expand the game world in the future, and would love to see a more in-depth practice mode. It's honestly a small list of personal gripes. Just overall enhancement of the player experience here and there is always handy. Outside of that is just the want for more content which, of course, comes in due time.PvP is of course the meat of the game too. If you are looking for a nice singleplayer experience the main story is only a few hours long depending on how much trouble you have. Outside of that there's grind. Grinding for that sweet kick you want, or that nice pair of pants, or more levels in either pvp or pve. You can redo the bosses, but you must be at certain pvp levels to do so. I personally like Absolver's grind, but not everyone will. I can not recommend the game to someone who is only interested in singleplayer at all unfortunately, but you should be aware of what the game is and isn't.Still, if Absolver clicks with you it is an absolute blast to play."
,Not Recommended,473690,34604974,Posted: 30 August,all,Simon.cleric,"Pros:+ Nice fighting game with customizable fighting styles+ Cool-looking design+ 1v1 pvp is fun and enjoyableCons:- Region locked- Can't turn off motion blur- AZERTY users may suffer, because you can't rebind some functions- Locations are small, bland and get boring really fast- The game is not at all balanced around more than 1v2 combat yet always forces 1v3 (or more) encounters on you- Single player campaign is a couple hour afterthought- You can not respec limited attribute points, so if you mess up, be ready to create a new character- No fast travel. Which almost makes small locations a plus- Restricting gearIn-depth:I'm currently in a love-hate relationship with this game. When it's at its best - customizing your fighting style and fighting 1v1 - it's amazing. However, way too often it is at its worst.PvE is a mess. This game at it's core is a fighting game. Meaning its in no way balanced around 1 vs group combat. Fighting one enemy is fine. Fighting 2 is manageable. Fighting more is an absolute pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ And you can't even kite them, since the moment you aggro one, the whole group follows. So, you will probably die. Quite a lot. Which wouldn't be that bad by itself, but the locations in this game are incredibly small and... just... uninteresting. They are all brown and green, there is little to no variety. And there is no map, so good luck finding your way in samey looking surroundings.And you WILL need to find your way, because, even though there is an altar (checkpoint) in every location, there is no fast travel between them. So if you want to get back to starting location you will need to run through a few other locations every time, with respawning enemies... not my idea of good time.But hey... at least you only need to do all this for about 4 hours. That's more or less how long the single-player campaign is in this game.And I wouldn't even call it ""single"" player. Let me tell you how online works in this game. It's always on. Just imagine Dark Souls, but you have no say not only in whether or not you want invasions, but co-op as well. Every time you enter new location, two people join you. If you are lucky - they will ignore you or help you. If not, they will wait until you're low on health after 1v5 encounter and kill you.The best you can do is find an altar in the location (which, depending on which side you enter it from can be either right around the corner or on the other end of the map) and turn these ""invasions"" off. However, the moment you switch the location, they automatically turn on again. Now whose brilliant idea was that..?There is a full offline mode, but that also means no co-op with your friends. Speaking of which, the moment you change locations, if you aren't really close, your co-op ends and you have to re-invite each other from the altar again...Learning new moves in this game is... not necessarily hard, but tedious. You learn them when you block them or use your class ability (dodge/parry/absorb). Which by itself is ok. But this game does not have a respec option. So if you want to try a new build, you will have to create a new character and - you guessed it - learn all the moves again, going through the same short campaign in dull locations... what a joy...You can also forget about ""fashion souls"" or whatever the term would be for Absolver... fashion-solver? Anyway, gear in this game has weight and the more you wear, the less your damage is. And there is no stat that would let you wear heavier gear with lesser penalties. So... forget that cool looking mask or shirt unless you want to hit like a butterfly and move like a slug.So, to sum it up:1v1 pvp is fun. Unfortunately, the rest of the game isn't. Only buy it if you're ready for it and think it's worth it for you. I, for the most part, do not regret buying this game. But I can not recommend it either."
,Recommended,473690,34623352,Posted: 30 August,all,vaiku,"few glitches, good. for honor + dark souls"
,Recommended,473690,34644194,Posted: 31 August,all,Rosin Rick,really great game until the game got rid of my characters hair and power to heal. It's no big deal that you heal after combat but hopefully they can restore my ability
,Recommended,473690,34762306,Posted: 5 September,all,Your Local Boy Scout,"Pros:Well-designed and unique fighting mechanicsHigh customizationPotential to be (even more) awesomeCons:Short campaignServer instability (Fix is underway)PvP matchmaking is seemingly randomAs someone who bought the game almost exclusively for its PvP aspect, I am quite pleased. Even after about 20+ hrs of gameplay in the game's first week, I still feel like a novice. Half of my PvP matches involve me winning 3-0 against the enemy player, while the other half usually end with me getting stuck in a rage-inducing chain of 15 attacks that leads to me me yelling at my computer. The server instability is can be rather irritating, but I would like to believe that the issue will be resolved soon. The short story left me even more confused than that of the Dark Souls series. I was motivated not by that, but rather by my desire to keep unlocking new moves and perfect my playstyle.7/10 with the potential to be 9/10"
76561198091364595,Recommended,473690,34762975,Posted: 5 September,all,Puerto The Rican,gj
76561198029547388,Not Recommended,473690,34762178,Posted: 5 September,all,-DI- Felix,"Defo good game but needs some changes and matchmaking is bit silly - often pairs you with lv 60 guys who melt you or lv 6 guys who stand no chance.A lot of people mindlessly spam one super quick attack and boulder you to death with ridiculous decks. In my opinion that ruins th experience a lot. Other than that - single player is super short, not really worth doing also given how little you get in return.Buy only if you plan to spend a lot of time in 1v1 PvP action with boring people blocking for 30 mins and then spamming one ultra quick attack.Hoped for it to be something better than that!"
,Recommended,473690,34766497,Posted: 5 September,all,Kahnrad,"Absolver is a game that has a fair share of problems, it had problems at beta as well.But the game at its core is brilliant, while some bugs or server issues blemish this and make it difficult to see, it is still there. If you can't handle those bugs that stay away... For now. If you are looking for the fighting game that For Honor should have been, and can handle bugs... then this is the game you have been looking for."
76561198137944013,Recommended,473690,34766881,Posted: 5 September,all,Shmammy,"I love this game, truly a dark souls for martial artists. Not as realistic as it could be, but if I wanted that I would just go back outside like a real human..."
,Recommended,473690,34591043,Posted: 29 August,all,относительность,"I'm a simple man.I buy For Honor, I refund For HonorI buy Absolver, I keep Absolver"
,Not Recommended,473690,34766630,Posted: 5 September,all,Spankums The Wonder Pug,"First off, I'd like to state that i have less than 10 hours on the game, 8 total in two characters, and i've beaten the plot.This game is not worth the price tag. Not at all. The PvE is very fun, and certain bosses can feel like a genuine challange that you enjoy overcoming. But, it ends too early. It seems like the begining of a much bigger game. The game's mechanics (I.E combat) are very well thought out, rewarding learning your moves and changing up your style to fit your character.That is, untill you dare try pvp.The seccond you step into pvp, take everything the game has taught you and throw it right out the window. Got a strong, slower character with some decent armor? you're not going to win a single PVP game. played the entire game with 3 attacks total and nothing but your underwear? Congrats you're the PvP god.The PvP has already sunk deep into the hell of a 'meta' where you just outspam your opponent to have the fastest hit and then stunlock them untill they die.TL;DR Story is too short, gameplay is fun but pvp ruined it. Don't buy absolver."
,Recommended,473690,34766870,Posted: 5 September,all,George Costanza,"This game is fresh and fun. While it does feel as though this game is more of an experiment, akin to a short film in the movie industry, the possibilities to take it further are endless. Hopefully the sales of the game inspire the studio to add more content, more ways to engage with other players, and fill the world with more things to see and do."
76561198021456828,Recommended,473690,34725491,Posted: 3 September,all,Etahel,"Great game, a lot of potential, hope it continues to grow. Probably one of the best fighting games out there. For Honor got nothing on this."
76561198108386341,Recommended,473690,34766429,Posted: 5 September,all,GREENN14,Other then some server issues GREAT GAME 11/10 would get knocked off a cliff again
76561197999008398,Recommended,473690,34767279,Posted: 5 September,all,Viincint,"aside form the company not expecting a flood of players, this has probly been the most fun I had in a fighter since I first tried mortal combat then super smash so long ago, See you in the trials."
,Recommended,473690,34627097,Posted: 30 August,all,Admiral Snackbar,"At first, from a spectator perspective the game looked kinda clunky and slow, till I played it myself, and man, this game plays like no other, it may look slow, but when you get in the action for yourself, the fighting is VERY fluid. Although it looks like ocieana players are getting server issues, pacific is working pretty good. Overall its a top notch game, the mechanics work great and I look forward to many more hours of enjoyment"
76561198041622588,Recommended,473690,34773654,Posted: 6 September,all,Mr. DROP TABLE,"I love competitive games, I love this game.This is a game for those who love to be challenged and competitive with others. This game is fair, a little enraging at times, but I cannot remember a time when I loved being so emotional towards a game. For all the little things that annoy people there are SO MANY THINGS THAT ARE RIGHT HERE. I can absolutely see a pro scene coming up once devs (who are very communicative and active) decide it's time.I love competitive games, I love this game."
,Recommended,473690,34751275,Posted: 5 September,all,Kawaii Communist,"The combat is fun but in its current state I don't like it. It's smooth and connects well by thats only if you use the parry class and certain moves. Im not new ti fighting games at all, and I may bot be the best at this one, but there is no disenage mechanic which I mean can be seen as a plus side, but I don't personally enjoy that. I like to be able to back off and for a strat. The game does not allow for any punishment of any kind unless you run the parry class, I use the stagger atyle which allows me to dodge attacks and then attack right after, although the hit only connects 50% of the time. After dodging you can be punished just for avoiding the attack. On to many occasions I have been hit right after avoiding an advancement, which end up with me getting stuck in the same combo I have seen so many times. If you run a attack deck with very fast light punchs and kicks you are almost guaranteed to win. Also the speed mechanic is one I have issues with I like to have a colourful vibe to my character but it slows me down i.e I find my attacks are slower, I dont dash as far, which I can look past because I have good defence stats. On the flip side your speed affects your damage. Why would wearing a scarf cause me to do less damage. A classic tank does a decent amout of damage but also has good defences, but in Absolver there really is no tank, I mean there is the Kahlt class but it has a bad ability whcih can easily be punished so hard for using.TL:DR Its a fun game with a good combat system but it lacks some fighting mechanics that seem necesary for a competitive scene. Some classes are alot more OP than others and some moves just trump all others. I still recommend the game but take it with a grain of salt. (P.S The Stagger style is fun, but very underwhelming and I realize I sound but hurt and maybe I am but this is all subjective and my opinion)"
76561198081406020,Not Recommended,473690,34627229,Posted: 30 August,all,Weabs Snacks,Can you fix the servers please?
76561198060938376,Not Recommended,473690,34627413,Posted: 30 August,all,うまる,the only thing is holding this game down is lag issue and no cross region.Will edit this if it get any better later.
,Recommended,473690,34659353,Posted: 1 September,all,AC-8313,this has potential. story was ok. game play wise is unique
76561198381445430,Recommended,473690,34626922,Posted: 30 August,all,SJC,"Pros:*Favorite combat system in a game to date. A make-your-own-moveset fighting game is a dream game, and I'm so happy that it's a thing now.*Beautiful scenery. This game looks gorgeous, though the environmental textures can look a bit off.*Perfect price for this game.*Co-op and PvE is pretty fun. I enjoy being able to kick prospect♥♥♥♥♥with a partner or two.*Great bosses. Though lacking in variety in some areas, the bosses are tense fights that pit you against difficult odds.*Good learning curve. This is a game to dedicate time to learning the ropes and mastering them. Make use of your time to master your moveset.*Every fight is challenging, but not too brutal. Even the weakest enemies are a decent threat. I enjoy a game that refuses to hold my hand.Cons:*3-5 hours long. No joke, the story and map will take you 3-5 hours to fully explore. I guess this is a base foundation for future content to come, but as a full release, it's quite a bit short.*Server instability in numerous regions. There should've been an open beta before release to stress test the servers, though fortunately, the devs are dedicated to solving this problem.*Several bugs including AI running into each other, crashes, and controls rarely locking up. The latter only happened once, and the rest either break immersion,♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, or look rather awkward.*Story is mediocre. though to be fair, that's nowhere near top priority. That being said, I wish the beginning setup had more weight to it later on.*PvP is an unbalanced, broken, and terrible experience. I can't go one match without fighting someone who either heals mid-fight, shockwaves you out of bounds, or spams light attacks so you can't do anything without using absorb. Here's a recommendation for the devs: ban healing from PvP and fully heal the person who wins, so that they won't have a reason to heal. Also, there's one particular map that's poorly designed so that shockwaves can knock you off just about anywhere with a large hole in the middle. Stay away from PvP until it's more balanced in the future.VERDICT: Overall, I'd highly recommend this game for people who like Soulslike games, people who like fighting games, and people who like martial arts, but steer clear of the PvP unless you're a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. For its price, it's worth every penny, but could use an increase in length, variety such as new locations and weapons, and tweaking the PvP to make it more balanced for those with slower movesets."
76561198075736429,Recommended,473690,34592913,Posted: 29 August,all,Calebasso,This game is awesome!
76561198043385909,Recommended,473690,34592882,Posted: 29 August,all,Johnny 5,"I'm really enjoying the game so far, there are a few things like being ganged up on by multiple bots that can me the fighting not fell as smooth and I know the region lock its affecting some people but not me. Overall its a fun combat system and creating your own custom combos it pretty cool!"
,Recommended,473690,34726254,Posted: 3 September,all,Evasion Rating?,"I'm going to skip right to it, the only game I have been compelled to write a real review for.First thoughts?For starters it is not the longest game it personally took me about ~3hrs to finish the campaign, however that's not the end of the boss encounters though, its replayability is tied to your level in pvp (which I have no problem with) that allows you to fight harder versions of the bosses you have already beaten changing their habits, attitude and abilities....now the important part of any fighting game...The combat.If you have a good connection online paired with another person that also has a good connection, boy o' boy does it feel nice, the hits feel like the hold weight, they feel heavy when they need to, they are fast when they need to, in a evenly match game it is palm-sweatingly intense duel.The classes feel balanced and the variety of attacks feels refreshing.I went into pvp without the knowledge of what is called aperfecthit only to realize I had been performing them and succesfully chaining them unintentionally purely because the input and the way it chains felt natural.In saying that, with a poor connection online the game becomes a diceroll of luck, delaying inputs and magically teleporting enemies that don't stop hitting you frames earlier than the animation knocking you into a new dimesion.This is solved however with the addition of being able to completely play offline with the only issue being that you obviously cannot play pvp.Graphics?Theminimilisticlandscape paired with thepainterlytones span the world effortlessly with the only problem I've seen being very small texture clips on few cliffs and walls, the transitions of areas are well done creating a seamless world that feels alive.The camera can be cause of a lot of problems when it comes to being too close to walls in a fight, somewhat breaking immersion and forcing you to look in very strange angles losing the flow of combat.The UI especially in inventory can be annoying to navigate once you start getting a lot of different pieces of equipment but that is nothing but a personal annoyance.I've yet to experience any major or noticeable fps drops running ultra on a i5-6600k and a gtx1070.Overall I love this game whether it be online pvp or offline grinding, I was skeptical that it wouldn't feel right using a Keyboard and Mouse but it's something the team at Sloclap have made feel second nature, it has it's lag issues and to my knowledge that is one of the top priorities of the team to resolve, I highly reccommend this game to anyone that enjoys fighting games and hope the developers expand the game further because of its almost limitless potential.8/10Thank you."
76561198030527510,Recommended,473690,34733730,Posted: 4 September,all,ROAST 'EM,"Still havn't learned all the moves, great game."
76561198203201184,Not Recommended,473690,34627093,Posted: 30 August,all,IGoFullPotato,"It's a fun game and it would be near perfect if it wasn't for the developers laziness in creating a functional online service, you have to download a tool which asks you to complete a dumb offer using your phone number which pretty much demoralizes you even further.If they can fix this issue, it's cool, if not, I wish you luck."
76561197972902294,Not Recommended,473690,34626925,Posted: 30 August,all,Vite,"Made me instantly realize how great ""For Honor"" is!"
76561198137059378,Recommended,473690,34742204,Posted: 4 September,all,Blubberlappen,"Okay, so I saw the trailers and watched a bit of the gameplay, which looks great so I thought I'd give it a try. And even though my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ toaster can't handle the game as well as I hoped it would, since graphics look beautiful but also a bit simplistic,  I still find Absolver to be absolutely amazing!I had a frozen loading screen at one point and one crash (which is not uncommon for a new game) but other than that I had no I problems whatsoever. Me being in europe, I didn't have any problems with the servers which seems to be the case in other zones so I won't base my review on technical issues.As I mentioned, the art style is very beautiful and if you saw the trailers I think you'd know that by now. What I really (really really) like about Absolver is that you can customize your own fighting style and it doesn't seem to really matter what level you are. The other players (until now) were all friendly as far as I could tell since there is no chat but only gestures you can use to express your... Eh... Feelings? Of course you sometimes end up in fights since the NPCs have limited moves and we all love challenges but since there is always ""friendly fire"" you might end up in fights by accident. If you lose fights, it's because either you or your deck sucks xD (in my case it was both). But as you fight the enemies (NPCs or other players) you notice, that it's important to observe their movements and react accordingly. One thing disturbes me though and it is that these guys, whose only purpose is to beat each other up, die from falling from like 4 meters height. Of course you'd take damage (in real life we might or might not break our legs)  but I still hope they change that.All in all I think Absolver is not just a ""smash-all-buttons-beat'em up-game"" but so much more and if you like the trailers and the gameplay videos you should maybe just give it a try, that's how I did it (you might want to use a controller though).  Needless to say, my thumb is still hurting from me neglecting my real life tasks and it is still worth it."
,Recommended,473690,34727934,Posted: 3 September,all,Vin,The steep learning curve in the beginning will turn away many a bandwagon player. Those who stay will find a beautiful PvP experience with a high skill ceiling and many a fashionable reward.11/10 would drunken box again.
,Not Recommended,473690,34705474,Posted: 3 September,all,Mens Rea,Don't bother buying if you live in India. Pretty bad connection.
76561198027994280,Recommended,473690,34601292,Posted: 30 August,all,Ismaru,"Absolver is a great fighting game, mixing elements from both Dark Souls and For Honor.Pro'sIt plays really fluid and it's easy to chain cool looking combo'sThere is an insane amount of moves available and it's clear the devs had some martial artists among themThe focus is on offense whereas in For Honor you work out of a defensive stance to use your moves. I feel like this offensive approach works better for a fighting gameYou can customize your character with lots of pieces of equipmentThe whole style of the game world is pretty good. It's calm and heats up during battle.ConsThe story mode is short. It took me about 4 hours, but it serves it's purpose of being a big tutorial for the game. Make no mistake though, it's not a pushover.There is a lack of information in some places, making it feel like an unfinished early-access game that has yet to get more tutorials and information in the menu.Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
,Recommended,473690,34665321,Posted: 1 September,all,Rythiam,having played almost 24 hours on this I have to say the fighting feels great satisfying and skillful the duels are great only issues I have seen with the game are some bugs and the server issues (which they acknowledged and are going to fix very soon) so for the price of 30 I say its a great fighting game better than most triple a's will ever be  its definitely worth it. But dont buy it expecting a huge story or something then feel upset when its not what you expected. its a fighting game period. test your skills against others and improve as any fighting game should be like.also there is minimal hud so you cant wait for some sort of cursor to figure out what side they are attacking from its all based on your observation of your opponent. definitely a great system.
,Not Recommended,473690,34619080,Posted: 30 August,all,Verazon,Region Locked.... (You cannot play with friends who are in other regions)No Oceania server... (All people play on servers that give them lots of lag)Tutorial is boring...Game overpriced..
76561197980217986,Not Recommended,473690,34618907,Posted: 30 August,all,chimparzan,"Controls dont match the speed of gameplay. Feels very unresponsive which is the most frustrating thing you can have in a fighting game. Everything else I would say is great. Art style, world, the free roaming, and even loot systems simplicity work great. But that all means nothing if the game controls poorly. Which it does."
,Not Recommended,473690,34618840,Posted: 30 August,all,The Great Cat,Awful meta for stagger style.
76561198077222801,Not Recommended,473690,34757163,Posted: 5 September,all,DYN DIM ACSIWN,"I had a lot of fun when it worked. Combat deck building reminded me of god hand but more accessible and the stances are a neat idea to let you start your combos at specific points, but the server issues make this a complete pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥to try and play as intended. Standing there unable to hit enemies, but I can watch another player online succesfully beating up this guy that I just got down to half health? Can't recommend it right now but if they fix these issues then it's a must buy"
,Not Recommended,473690,34604729,Posted: 30 August,all,Azazel,"This game is amazing in single player. Without lag, the experience is wonderful. Fluid combat that makes you feel badass as heck. As soon as someone joins your instance though, can't hit a thing. Even some one v ones are unplayable. Come on guys, for a game that after 6 hours only has online left to do, maybe have it working properly for the majority of people. Will change my vote when it is fixed. Please don't let this go the way of For Honor."
,Recommended,473690,34608016,Posted: 30 August,all,Rinera,"Sloclap deserves a slow clap! ... I'll walk myself out....OKAY NO! That pun was good and you know it!Gosh this game's fun. And the only thing it currently has worth talking about is just combat, but that's all that it needs. Think of it as taking Dark Souls and stripping it out of the unneccessary elements so you can provide an immersive solution to combine constant PvP and PvE in the same worldspace.The game boasts a rather interesting combo system that changes your stance after every attack, which you then can customize to create a combo that's as flexible and functional as you want it, under certain limitations of course. It really freaking rewards you for taking your time to tweak and learn, similar to fighting game, though way less strict.While the game does have PvE, it's made in a way that it mimics (be it poorly but still) PvP, as the enemy NPCs basically use attacks any player could learn. Yes, indeed. LEARN. One of the key factors of the game, fighting other players and NPCs to learn their attacks and unlock them for yourself.Despite the game having an obvious focus in PvP, they did not spare expenses in the overworld. The game looks amazingly detailed even if they did not have to do that. There has been some clear thought regarding what they wanted it to be, along with potential for future expansions.But unfortunately, no game's perfect. Right now there seem to be quite a few annoying bugs like not being able to get lootdrops cause they are stuck in the floor (just one example), missing important settings like certain keybindings, and the servers might as well be powered by charcoal cause they couldn't handle the peak time load. On the bright side, the game can be played offline and you can keep all your progress when going online. It's also advised not to play with kb/m because one of the actions is bound to mouse movement and it's oversensitive and cannot change the binding yet.But whatever, these issues are still minor considering the game's a lot of fun as it is. I do recommend the heck out of it, but if you are still not sure, I suggest waiting a little bit so they can at least sort the servers out."
,Recommended,473690,34593075,Posted: 29 August,all,sheepsheepsheepsheepsheep,"This is a fantastic game. The single player is a great intro into the mechanics of the game (even if a bit tedious), and the multiplayer is very fun with tons of replay value. While this game can certainly be a bit daunting to get into, the steep learning curve is fair and rewarding. Give it at least 3 hours of play before u decide if you like it or not."
,Recommended,473690,34623130,Posted: 30 August,all,Agen7orange,"Amazing.Absolver did what For Honor wish it could do, now with that said, Absolver ISNT For Honor, its not Dark Souls, and its NOT a 3D Street Fighter...I'd say its more akin to Sleeping Dogs x Dark Souls. The actual solo ""campaign"" isnt much of a campaign, but thats not the point of the game. The solo portion is just there for you to help you learn combat.. the AI is brutal, even after completing the story, they still tend to kick my♥♥♥♥♥sometimes.The main focus of this game is PvP. At the moment there is only 1v1s. Devolver will be releasing more modes (like 3v3) soon.there is so much to say, but its absolutely a joy and wonder to play. Customisable fighting styles, awesome ""Fashion Souls"", intense hand to hand combat that should make every For Honor dev feel like a retard. It has a bit of a rocky start, but what game doesn't they grew 20k+ of their community over the last couple weeks, there is a SURGE of players. Community is alive and well!anyways, be patient, learn a lot of attacks, and become an Absolver!"
76561198071282837,Recommended,473690,34657028,Posted: 1 September,all,Git Gud Central,"This game is fun but can and will be ♥♥♥♥ing iritating.Graphicly this game has this cell shade thing that's working verry well, so no problem with how it looks.Voice acting is solid.Audio is working well but can be a bit repeptetive with you mostly hearing flute or giutar jingles and running and punching.Gameplay is fun and adictive, but if you don't get really good really fast you will have problems with enemies going 3 or even four against you. Multiplayer fixes that problem with more people not punching you, but the wierd aggro system can get on your nerves.Sometimes I feel like my inputs don't go trough when fighting, it just seems like my buttonpressing is more of a mild suggestion than a command.The servers are wierd as of writing this, I can conect to multiplayer for a solid 3 min and thyen I'm thrown out.Overall I would recomend this game, but  I would wait with getting Absolver untill they fix servers and buttonpressing issues."
,Recommended,473690,34629868,Posted: 31 August,all,Dodge Rating?,"2 days in, not a essence of time where I looked back and said ""♥♥♥♥ this game""I believe this game has amazing potnential, and has already gifted me with many hours of joy and intense engagement <3please get this game"
,Recommended,473690,34649396,Posted: 31 August,all,✪ WheresWitek,👍
76561198302391075,Recommended,473690,34664107,Posted: 1 September,all,undertow,great game but would need a chat.
,Not Recommended,473690,34595467,Posted: 29 August,all,YA BOY BARKO,"Rewriting my review as a final summary of the game.its totally irredeemable. the game is neither enjoyable, nor functioning. I have experienced the following;-the game is wholly unplayable online. and i mean wholly.-Pvp is out of the question, it is literally impossible to do anything within private gamemodes.-the enemies are serverside, meaning this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game will cause them (and you, believe it or not) to rubber band constantly-these enemies will at times become totally invincible, despite clearly taking hits.-being hit by an enemy even slightly will cause your character to rubberband wildly and fly around the area, even off the map at times.-enemies can hit you from miles away due to these broken hitboxes.-playing the game in offline mode puts you at an automatic disadvantage, as it it meant to be played with the world co-op.-many of the bosses have been proven to artificially draw out fight times, the ones that use the forsaken fighting style, in particular, are notorious for regenerating ridiculous amounts of health even when they aren't able to use their unbalanced parry. literally ""♥♥♥♥ you, i'm retconning your hits""despite all these insufferable problems, i played on, and I have never experienced less rewarding gameplay in my entire life. levelling up offers barely a pittance in stat increases despite hit happening just about every second enemy you fight, the clothing, powers and upgrades are some of the most worthless looking rags, that the starter gear is generally more appealing. The weapons are worse than your bare fists, and the powers are so miniscule in effect, you may as well unequip them.the gameplay is distinctly lackluster too. There is absolutely zero time to react, the tells of opponents all look fundamentally the same, and you ultimately feel like you're just spamming, hoping to get some hits in so you can rely on the games broken stunlocking to pummel them to death.fundamentally, the only thing that changed from the beta is that now theres a bunch more areas to go get ganged up on and rubberbanded inthe only positives I can list is that it at least tried to have a new combat mechanic (but failed miserably in execution, somehow making For Honor look better) and that the artstyle is subjective and can't be considered a negative.I have played some bad games in 2017.this is the worst.it is the only game I have refunded. ever."
,Recommended,473690,34670620,Posted: 1 September,all,vforvalerio,"It is a very good PvP game; more balanced than For Honor or the SoulsBorne games.PvE experience lasts about 4-6 hours and it's pretty one-dimensional. DO NOT expect quests or storylines or a big world to explore in this game.However, mechanics are wonderful, PVP is fantastic and the game is extremely fun. If you like SoulsBorne or For Honor PVP I definitely recommend this game."
76561198312261979,Recommended,473690,34677053,Posted: 1 September,all,Lemus,"The game is good, with great art and a amazing atmoshere. Most things in this game a fairly balanced ( except for the Forsaken fighting style, which may need a nerf in some way).  Right now the servers are being quite♥♥♥♥♥♥and crashing alot but will be fixed by the devs soon. I would deffinently recommend this game to anyone looking for a better 'For Honor"" however i wouldn't recommend this game if you are only getting it for the pve experience being as nice as it is, it's very short. Overall the game is a good solid fighting game worth trying out. 8/10"
76561198199104293,Recommended,473690,34591809,Posted: 29 August,all,Cptswampass,Really fun and unique 3rd person fighting game.
76561197971290802,Recommended,473690,34649959,Posted: 31 August,all,FlavorTown,FIX THE F****** SERVERS.
,Recommended,473690,34673080,Posted: 1 September,all,Scada,Very hard fighting game with a good control system.  Graphically pleasing.  Campy and canned music sound track but fun while fighting bosses. Casual gamers beware.
,Recommended,473690,34581998,Posted: 29 August,all,Jewish Sock,One of the coolest games I played.
76561198325842280,Recommended,473690,34673441,Posted: 1 September,all,Look_Honey_An_Abomination,"please tell me steam allows refunds? the game is great, my laptop cant run it correctly, and dont tell me about my laptop, i wanna refund"
,Recommended,473690,34657003,Posted: 1 September,all,Llamarino,10/10 would push boss off ledge again
,Recommended,473690,34664188,Posted: 1 September,all,LobsterSaur,"Pros:-Easy to pick up, difficult to master-Combat is fun, fluid and unpredictable with an emphasis on skill rather than level-Deck builder allows you to make your own combos and make movesets that fit your playstyle, meaning every player you encounter will fight differently-Decent character customisation-PvP is balanced and works just as well as PvE-Good graphics, nice aesthetic-Good community: players don't usually attack you for no reason and if you do have a fight, nine times out of ten it will end in the victor reviving the loser, followed by each player bowing to the other-Usually no lagCons:-On the rare occasion the game does lag, it lags so badly that it becomes unplayable-Unavoidable fall damage-Very little PvE content-You don't really feel like you get rewarded at any point-Terrible servers-Can freeze/crashAll in all the game is enjoyable, but is not without problems. As it has only just been released I hope the devs fix some of the issues, and eventually add more content. I would recommend this to fans of fighting games and fans of PvP, but if you're new to fighters I wouldn't recommend buying this at full price"
,Not Recommended,473690,34594323,Posted: 29 August,all,Aces7,"NOTE GOT A REFUND DO NOT OWN THIS GAME ANYMORE.this game is really glichy DONT BUY YET BROKEN!(as of 9/1/17 some of these have where fixed)1. laging out of the map rockes loaded in after I walked past them.2. login errors.3. areas textures not loading in fully or holes in the map IDK.4. kill animation stoped and character got stuck after jumped I off the area to respawn in a safe area.5. ps4 X,  not ENTER on homescreen.6. just normal lag spikes.Thats not all of the bugs and I havent even played for an hour!This is a fun game I just cant play it in this state.WILL CHANGE REVIEW IF THE GAME IS FIXED BECAUSE THIS IS DAY ONE!(will come back later)  Sorry for spelling errors."
,Recommended,473690,34589112,Posted: 29 August,all,Chiamires,"Oh, I know I'm gonna sink a few dozen more hours on this.Take Dark Souls, crush it together with a combo-rich fighting game and you'll get this. So far I'd say this game is pretty amazing. Fully customizable moveset, intense fistfights and constant player encounters. I love it!PS: Don't make the negative reviews stop you, If you don't live in australia you won't have a single problem playing online. According to the devs the australian servers will be fixed shortly anyways. :)"
76561198070562723,Recommended,473690,34705924,Posted: 3 September,all,Nex,"I love everything about this game, except a few minor issues. I just wish there was more PvE content. I did buy this game for PvP, but ended up enoying the PvE content a lot more. I also put a lot of my energy into this game coming out. I really wanted that amazing feeling I got from Demon's/Dark Souls when I first bought it. I know they are an Indie dev team. Such a shame that this amazing idea didn't reach full potential.. Hopefully they release some new content in the future."
,Recommended,473690,34644897,Posted: 31 August,all,cute twink,Sick game but the servers are constantly down lol.
,Recommended,473690,34613940,Posted: 30 August,all,Hikitaro,"This game is awesome, it's a Fighting Game with a really good Combat System and a cool ""get Loot  that improves stats system"".I really liked the PvE, but it's short (you can finish within 4-5h). The PvP is good and you can learn new fighting moves from Players, AI or make an School and teach moves to others.The game just released so it hasn't much content yet, but there will be New Weapons, New Modes (3v3) and hopefully much more but I recommend people to give a chance to this game."
76561198009014492,Recommended,473690,34589008,Posted: 29 August,all,LordH3,I know Kung Fu
,Recommended,473690,34687454,Posted: 2 September,all,Wastewalker,This is a great game its like Dark Souls 1 meets a fighter. The scenery is simple but beautiful and there are many places to enjoy the crazy interconnected map design. The ability to truly customize your movesets adds an amazing variety and depth to the combat system. Love it so far! I have experienced occasional issues connecting to servers but being that this game is new im ok with it. Good luck to the devs and Thank you! ♡♡👿♡♡
,Recommended,473690,34595439,Posted: 29 August,all,ReNamed,"Great game;trash servers, they keep crashing and when in groups sometimes regions arent available."
76561198091547521,Not Recommended,473690,34665015,Posted: 1 September,all,Xuruki,"Fun Game ,Massive crave for content though!Great game very fun PVP and COOP vs AI ,though its a bit overwhelming at first wich can be infuriating at times.Takes a unique take on communication because you cannot type anything, emotes is all you have, makes coop all the more fun.I completed the story, hit max level right after and see no point in playing the game anymore, its a LOT less rewarding without XP and lacks more content!The game does not fail to deliver what it has to offer, although its not enough to justify the price for me personally speaking.Feels like a Demo(speaking of Demo, they should upload one!)Try it ,may or may not be to your liking.I will hold onto the game and hope for more content, this just feels like 20%The game only just launched, it has bugs, crashes and desync, disconnects at times (where your friends in coop simply ""vanish"") or freezes. You cannot reach drops of enemies you kicked punched or shockwaved into oblivion(Cliffs, water and spikes)Needs more character customisations. At times you have to start the game several times, just to get into it because it keeps failing to continue on the loading screen xD"
,Recommended,473690,34704867,Posted: 3 September,all,rush.io,"Absolver is a fighting game which borrows mechanics from rpgs. The visuals may not be for everyone, but I think the style is timeless and pleasant to look at, and at the same time not too demanding on the gpu/cpu. Probably the best part of the game for me is the ability to customize your fighting style and luckily the game mostly revolves about just that. There are some connectivity issues and the game occasionally crashes, but not enough to reduce the fun I have with it."
,Not Recommended,473690,34684213,Posted: 2 September,all,Dyslexica,"40 hours in less than 3 days (since launch), I can say that this game is really good and has a huge amount of potential.The game has a great depth to it and I can see it becoming an esport someday.However, at its current state:as a player in SEA, I cannot play properly online. Every combat trial is one sided, one lagging and the other isn't, PVP is unplayable unless you get really lucky and get matched with a person who doesn't make either of you lag. Also, there are a few bugs that needs fixing.Unless you're from NA or a place with a server nearby, I cannot recommend this game to you. Until the servers are fixed, save yourself the headache and either avoid this game or wait til they fix it."
,Recommended,473690,34639680,Posted: 31 August,all,tentcow,Worst part about this game are the servers
76561198273742799,Recommended,473690,34653068,Posted: 31 August,all,Ants In My Eyes Johnson,"Absolver is a fruitful game with massive combat options and a great level up system, but it lacks in story development... On a side note who needs a story in a fighting game! Go kick some♥♥♥♥♥Absolvers!!"
,Recommended,473690,34626111,Posted: 30 August,all,KaiSforza,"Extremely intersting fighting game with beautiful art and sound.There's only one combat game I know of this that is similar: Remember Me.This game takes it a step further and gives you almost 100 moves to learn (you start out with more than enough) during the story and after. You can set up your own 'decks' of attacks, each attack starts and ends in a different quadrant, allowing you to chain combos and switch to different atacks mod-combo. Really, it's quite beautiful when you get something you want set up correctly. It's similar to For Honor in this regard, however with the player-made combos, you will never fight the same enemy twice. Each player will have their own way of playing in their 'school.'The special moves are very basic, each school you choose has one of them: parry, dodge and 'block.' Their moves also generally focus on a specific attribute that you can level up.I would heavily recommend this game to anyone. The $30 price tag is steep for such a short single-player experience, but the multiplayer makes it worth every cent.My only issue so far is the online connection issues, however the developers have communicated that they are working on a fix, which I hope will come soon."
,Recommended,473690,34590625,Posted: 29 August,all,Blueberry Muffin Massacre,"Absolver is a great game, but do not purchase it with the wrong ideas.Absolver has minimal story, and what can count as it's campaign is more or less a long tutorial, to show you all of the zones, understand basic attacks, and gain your usable abilities and such.The game's purpose, and where it shines, is in it's PvP aspects. Right now there is currently only 1v1, but soon there will be 3v3 and ranked battles as well. The game's combat is based off of creating combos with a set of pre-learned moves, and discovering more through blocking and countering enemy moves. Revisiting areas is to gain new moves and armor as you prepare yourself and unlock new movesets for PvP fun.This game is great, but don't go into it expecting a story. Buy Absolver if you want an interesting take on an online 3d brawler.Do note the game is region locked, and you will not be able to play with friends overseas. While they may unlock regions in the future, know of this lock before buying."
76561198184804585,Recommended,473690,34605957,Posted: 30 August,all,RoboticLizard,Great game similar to for honor.
76561198334949747,Recommended,473690,34602340,Posted: 30 August,all,GeneralSalamander,i love this game but ther is few problems1]the map is small2]the story line is too litell
,Recommended,473690,34604698,Posted: 30 August,all,MrWaddlesPenguin,"I've been somewhat hyped about this game for a short while. Mostly due to it looking like a mix between For Honor and Journey - two of my favourite games.The game is beautiful, visually and in terms of sound design. The combat is incredibly complex and in-depth, making it very rewarding to learn and adapt and even more rewarding to battle against both NPCs and other players. Interaction with other players is very much in the same vain as Journey, very little communication and works based on trust.Those are the things that will keep you interested in this game.In terms of story so far, it's very limited - unspoken and assumed. This isn't really why this game exists though, kind of in the same vain as Dark Souls, it's not a game to play because of the story. There are server issues and for me, despite my system being more than good enough for the game, I have experienced near constant problems with FPS drops whilst moving my camera - this could be on my end, poor optimization, or even just a small glitch effected by some piece of software/hardware.However, this is a game made by a small studio, I mean small. You can tell how much effort has been put in to it and regardless of it's downfalls - it's still beautiful and captivating to play. I do hope the developers get some more backing and are able to fix some of the complaints and continue to add great new content.I will be keeping this to play on the regular."
,Not Recommended,473690,34603159,Posted: 30 August,all,Mikky,Another great game that has forgotten about it's OCE players.
,Recommended,473690,34591532,Posted: 29 August,all,The Lost,"I see there are a lot of misunderstanding about this game.Instead of common lobby system, the game implements a small world system where player can wonder around and build their own charcter.This is not MMORPG.This is not exploration game.This is not made for pure single player experience.This game is about PvP fighting.If you are looking for a game with a style of Dark Souls with kong fu, this isn't for you.If you are looking for a game with a style of Borderlands with kong fu, this isn't for you.SO stop talking about how repetitive and boring the game is, just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥move on."
,Recommended,473690,34584274,Posted: 29 August,all,Senpai Irish,-I got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by almost everything-Then i learned how to nail combos-Still got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me-I tried some 1v1 and i still got butt ♥♥♥♥ed-i got tired of the 1v3 gang bangs the npc's would partake in so i took a break-I came back thinking something would change and i was so wrong.*what a world we live in where you can pay $30 to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥pushed in by some NPC's*7/10- Only buy if you want some great combat and alot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ttery.
76561198047654772,Recommended,473690,34591191,Posted: 29 August,all,.:KDS:. Gorfanor,"I just LOVE those comments and downvotes.First of all this is a Online 1v1 PVP Fighting game, with some nice PvE Content.Like every Fighting game: You should play this with a controller.Servers are a bit laggy but hey, small company and its Launch day - There is a reason why people say ""Never play on Launch""Its the same for every game i ever played - Launch days are a mess!If you are into DS PvP and/or like Fighting games (No hack and slay) you will enjoy it and should give it a shot.This game is in a way like Dark Souls.Let me Explain:You will get a brief information on how the Basic controlls work.You will get a (very) small introduction in the Story and what you should do.There is no Minimap or whatsoever - There is a small map on every checkpoint so you can see where you are at the moment.The map is not very big (as far as i can tell - I guess there will be more as i progress in the Story)But since this is a PVP 1v1 oriented game its enough for exploration and ""open World PvP""The NPC AI is great (imo) and the first bosses are nice and shouldnt be to hard to beat after you figgured out what the boss does (just like in Dark Souls)From what i heard, there is not much PVE content but there MIGHT will be some more after some Patches (I dont know for sure)From my point of view i can reccomend the game.I like PvPI like 1v1I like Open world PVP and randomly ganking/getting ganked by other playersI like leveling and lootI like building my own character with my own set of movesI like Fighting gamesI like it when the Game does NOT tell me what to do and guides me through the whole game.I like runing randomly through the map to find the way to the next boss, while i can look at a beautiful designed world with good graphics. (60FPS)If you agree on the ""I Like"" list - Give this game a shot and/or watch some Youtube vids or Twitch.tv Streams.If you : want a game that has its priority on PVE and offline gameplay, want a game to take you by the hand and guide you through everything, dont like a challenging game, dont want to play with controller and then hate about how stupid it is to play THIS game with mouse and keyboard, then this is maybe not the right game for you.I hope i could Help you with your decision on ""should i buy it or not?""If you find any grammar/spelling errors: You can keep them!"
,Recommended,473690,34593804,Posted: 29 August,all,HeyHeyPay,I cant recommend this game if you want to buy it for its story but i can recommend it for its solid and precise gameplay and simply playing with your mates.i checked about the region-lock people talked about and its false i got to play with people from Greece/Sweden when i am living in the middle east/asia so all should be fine i havent noticed frame drops but i spotted lag here and there
,Recommended,473690,34590342,Posted: 29 August,all,☭ Karl Marx ☭,overall good game worth the money if you like something reminescent of dark souls.
76561198048712516,Recommended,473690,34580737,Posted: 29 August,all,Homunculus,"Horribale Lag for People Not in Us or EU (Edit Incoming update which will absolve the connection issues ,thanks devs)"
,Not Recommended,473690,34599912,Posted: 30 August,all,Jinkory,"It's a good game. Really unique and fun but....Few bugs where the game crashes and kinda laggy. The content is too short and the mapping sucks. Need to go to altar to know where I am and in the end, memorized the map layout(maybe that was the dev's intention). After playing 3 hrs with friends, we finished the story mode and after that, it's all grinding + PVP 1v1 and this is where it gets bad. I don't know how the matchmaking works but I am from Malaysia and 3/4 matches I was lagging badly and it's unplayable. Need to have different separate region for the servers I guess.For now, the state of the game is not worth the money in my opinion because I am unable to PVP properly. I'll change the review once they fix the PVP lag issue OR they add tons of new areas to explore so that I can at least enjoy fighting AIs with different surroundings with my friends."
76561198073988354,Recommended,473690,34600320,Posted: 30 August,all,Pingvis,"I'd like to make a point to everyone complaining about Absolver's 'lack of content'. This is a fighting game, stay with me here, a fighting game with many features and hopefully even more features coming along soon and I would say we finally got a well polished fighting game with a lot of explicit details to it, which makes it even more intriguing. I know everyone nowadays expect to have a flawless open world with dozen of customization details, never ending story line and plenty different multiplayer features to provide a wide selection. With today's gaming industry, you should learn to look at the bigger picture and don't expect a triple A game for twenty euro."
,Recommended,473690,34592733,Posted: 29 August,all,KunninLynguist,"6 Hours in and it is fantastic so far. The art style is gorgeous, the combat is fluid and there's no hand-holding whatsoever.It draws a lot of comparisons to Dark Souls, but they're relatively warranted - it's a game all about timing and stamina management.You will get wrecked by higher level players in 1v1 and just in general exploration, there's no avoiding that.  However, playing against people who outrank you is a great way to master the fight & dodge mechanics, as well as create your own tactics.  Not to mention it seems the only way to learn new moves is to fight another player / enemy whom has said move and beat them!If you love martial arts and / or have a competitive streak, this game is definitely for you."
76561198027339654,Recommended,473690,34589411,Posted: 29 August,all,Scruff,"NOT PERFECT, BUT BLOODY GOOD FUN.This... this is an absurdly good fighting game. It's tight, it's creative, and it's beautiful to look at. The atmosphere is weird, and the visuals are really neat to look at. It does have a few issues, and it's NOT going to be a game for everyone, ever.THE GOOD:- The combat is SUBLIME. When you're on point, you feel like a freakin' god.-The sound assets are brilliant. You can feel every blow as it connects.- The Combat Deck system. It's just so much fun making your own fighting style.-The Feel of it all, but I'll touch on that at the bottom.THE BAD:-Region Locking, if you hate that sort of thing. personally I dont. Fighting games need it, and this IS a fighting game.-The challenge. It can be steep. Don't be put out if you lose. Figure out why, and fix it.-Its a PvP game. It just is. You can play the whole thing offline, but you'll lose a LOT. Play it online. That SAID, playing online you will encount assclowns. This is not the game's fault, it's just a human thing. Some people like to be tossers. The devs have said there's a ""friends only"" mode on the way though, so that's neat.So, Absolver.It's easily, EASILY, one of the very beast fighters I've ever played. Every single moment in battle is tense, heart pounding, and beautiful, and with each enemy you put down you can FEEL yourself getting better. The progression is palpable, helped in part by the fact you learn new attacks by blocking/dodging them in battle. But by far what I adore most about the game is how well it hit what it was aiming for.The world doesnt have a big sprawling story. It doesn't need one, it's a fighting game.It doesn't have big groundbreaking photorealistic visuals. It doesn't need them, it's a fighting game.It doesn't have a massive open world filled with quests and adventure. It doesn't need one, it's a fighting game.Absolver is a game wherein every interaction is carried out not through spoken word or written dialogue, but by the power of your punch and the strength of your arm. It is a blood-soaked arena where champions are born and I genuinely believe it could grow to be an incredible game.If you like fighting games and wanna try something with a bit of a new edge, give this a go. It's fun as all hell. Just don't play it if you're looking for a perfect game."
76561198086219199,Recommended,473690,34597513,Posted: 29 August,all,Virithsu,"OK to start things off let me say I really enjoy this game its pretty damn fun.The singleplayer is only 4-6 hours took me around 4ish hours to beat and fighting random people you meet is fun but most everyone is friendly (for now, Jolly cooperation and all that). The pvp duels are pretty fun but for the servers going on and off right now because of server overload i guess first day after all this usually happens with games. You can play single player just fine and collect your moves to be a kung fu master in pvp.Its mostly aimed to be pvp oriented just lettin ya know.  The bosses also have higher level versions you can unlock at certain levels to fight.10/10 would leg sweep newbs again"
,Recommended,473690,34597540,Posted: 29 August,all,IronicK,"Absolver is a great game... for gamers who like PvP fighting. The story and PvE only lasts about 3 hours, so if you are someone who buys games for the story, then you will probably not like this game. I like this game because I like the competitive PvP matches and the very customizable combat deck. It is a very fun game."
,Recommended,473690,34587119,Posted: 29 August,all,RaAVaN,nice game enjoyed playing it. my friend invited me in a co op and i killed hin and then went on a killing spree.fun to play. i will recomend it
76561197965318893,Recommended,473690,34600882,Posted: 30 August,all,nattyonline,Bought game so I could feel like Iron Fist but look like runescape. This ticked both those boxes great atmosphere. fun so far only issue i have is lag issues when playing with other people
,Recommended,473690,34608509,Posted: 30 August,all,Castle Jr.,"I bought this game so I could avoid toxic Dota players and whoop-de-doo, I get to do emotes with people, fight them and actually bring them back up right after, I don't even have to hear putanginamos anymore.Everything's been pretty great, aside from the occasional laggy areas, the PvP's good, really neat design & game mechanics, hopefully more to come."
,Not Recommended,473690,34637796,Posted: 31 August,all,SpookyTanuki,"Bought this game for my self and 2 other friends, 1 of which I can't actually play with due to the regional lock. The servers have been really wavy at start, with it constantly being down and back up again. But its at Launch so I'd just ignore that for now as they fix it up. But, I'll try to some up the things that make me not reccomend the game.Pros:-Lots of varity and customization regarding your moveset, and I mean alot.-Cool learning system where you learn other peoples moves by blocking them enough times.-A fair bit of customization regarding your characters clothing.-I have below the minium spects but the game runs really well regardless-The artstyle of the game is really nice, and the map design keeps me interested in exploringCons:-Price is way to high for the way the game currently is.-Pvp is boiled down to spamming fast attacks to stunlock or ring out people.-Stamina often feels broken as fast attacks take off only a sliver from your pool, fueling the spam.-There is no indicator for where a strike is coming from, leaving you to rely on the miss leading animations.-People who use Stagger or Drunken boxing styles are stressful and cancerious to fight due to their speed and animations, making them look like they are flopping around like a fish.-Story mode is very short, all you got to do is defeat roughly around 10 targets and then you've explored the entire game and all is left is the matchmaking.-Most pvp maps are surrounded around the idea to ring out your enemy, which I personally don't like but thats up to you.-Often times you get paired with people either 10 levels higher then you, or 10 levels lower.-The other game modes for matchmaking seem to be locked behind a level wall, forcing you to do the 1v1s in the mean time.-1v1s on NA servers from my experiance have just been people wearing pretty much nothing to raise their speed and damage, and then spam light attacks as a Stagger Build to nuke the other players health.-There is a duel function in the freefoam mode of the game, but that doesn't really matter since people can still beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you anyway. So if you encounter that one guy protecting a checkpoint before a boss, you kinda have to go around.-As a forsaken the parries are nice to pull off, but are meaningless as when you got to counter attack, they can instantly block it and continue with the light attack spam.Honestly, I've really enjoyed exploring the game. But with the current 'meta' being just to spam light attacks to keep you stun locked, and the cancerious Stagger build, makes the game from enjoyable to just a needlessly stressful gameplay."
,Recommended,473690,34628835,Posted: 31 August,all,fast  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Awesome game, maybe need to fix some balance issues with some of the moves."
,Recommended,473690,34617451,Posted: 30 August,all,n'Chips,"This is the first game I've played in a while with which I can't wait to get home to play it every day. The combat is challenging but well balanced. Even if you fail the first few tries, no challenge feels like it can't be dealt with with a bit of practice. Absolver is truly a rewarding experience."
76561198206787801,Recommended,473690,34636066,Posted: 31 August,all,JokerIsHere,This game is great fighting styles is cool but the server is way to lag to be playable when your fighting with other people so pls kindly fix it i would recommend this game to people who loves martial arts game
76561198117639393,Recommended,473690,34784748,Posted: 6 September,all,Swindler,"It's the kind of game you play when you're free for like two to three days, you'll be lost in the customization of the your character, fighting style.. Short but very fun story. Counter parts of the game: Connection. A lack of story.All in all 6/10"
76561197999696702,Recommended,473690,34627522,Posted: 30 August,all,|TL|ProfesorMurder,"Great game!  High concept, decent execution."
76561198056010308,Recommended,473690,34597676,Posted: 29 August,all,TheBuffPanda,I'm currently 4 hours in and I already beat the main story. I'm typically used to playing souls related games and can navigate pretty easily through them just like I did this one. My advice is to definitely take your time and grind a lot to get some more hours in between bosses. You can have a lot of fun grinding and getting new fighting styles and attacks. Despite beating the game in only 4 hours I will still continue to play it for a while.I give this game a solid 7.5/10If you arent into grinding and will just try and go through the game like I did then I recommend getting it on sale. ByeBye
76561198107362660,Recommended,473690,34581472,Posted: 29 August,all,Kira-san,"So far it's a really fun game, there doesnt really seem to be a story which is probably a down for some people but other than that no lag from what i see on my part compared to the other reviews."
76561198143431443,Recommended,473690,34729480,Posted: 4 September,all,Crash.Kyori,"Great Gameplay , Interesting Lore and Enviroment . Highly RecommendTo be honest . Im presently suprised the devs put this much effort into the eniviroment and lore. The empty feeling of the world go great with the lore. And I like how everything is so cryptic . You basically learn everything about the world in these 2-3 sentence dialogues. Making every interaction mean more. They even managed to make meeting other players tie into the empty feeling vibe of the enviroment because we are forced to communicate only with emotes. So that also makes interaction with other feel more significant . Everything from the music to the enviroment and meeting other players tie into the lore of the ruined wastelands. I honestly just expected the devs to make some cookie cutter 3 hr story like they do with other fighting games . But with this game Im actually excited to see when they do next and how they expand on the lore/ game world.Gameplay is great and has ALOT of depth . There are no useless moves in this game. Every attack has its purpose and a counter to it. When ever I loss a match I nevery felt like I loss to cheese or a broken move. Now I will admit the servers are kind of iffy right now. For the most part servers are up and running but every once in a while they will go down which sucks because you need PvP to progress the story . Maybe im just lucky but out of the 40 hours Ive played so far I have little no issues at all. When the servers are up all my games are lag free and Ive maybe came across 1 or 2 small bugs where I had to re launch the game because I couldnt respawn. But the devs have already released a patch a few days ago that made the servers ALOT more stable within the first 2-3 days of release and already promised a patch to improve network stability , region lock , and other issues players are facing . So the devs are working to fix the issues . Highly recommend"
76561198007002372,Recommended,473690,34730107,Posted: 4 September,all,Rygem,"You might think that the combat looks clunky and unresponsive..... Just play it for yourself. It's actually one of the best combat systems I have seen in a long time. Sure you can button mash, but the the game rewards you greatly for pulling of combos. Animations are also solid.So far I have been playing this game solo, offline mode only. It great this way, so if you are like me and love your single player experiences this game will have you covered. The A.I. fighters rarely feel unfair even in SP. I have been able to beat everything solo so far so it is not like the game forces coöp play.Keyboard and mouse controls work really well."
76561198070149410,Recommended,473690,34728736,Posted: 3 September,all,PopTart,"This game is great. The only down part about this amazing game is that it doesn't take that long to kill everyone. but once you kill a person like Kuretz you have to get to a certain Pvp level to progress. This means you have to win pvp matches which for some people it can be very hard. It kinda turns into one of those grinding games, a fun grinding game."
,Recommended,473690,34729667,Posted: 4 September,all,Daft Bastard,"Its been ages since I've played a game I can just get lost in.Despite my lack of experiance with fighting games the combat deck is pretty easy to pick up, but deep enough that it stops the game from being a button masher.The devs are listening to the community and trying their best to get servers in areas such as Australia (me) as fast as possible, but for the time being I'm absolutly loving the offline play."
76561198047715667,Recommended,473690,34730507,Posted: 4 September,all,Impatience,"Although this game has reached the standards I had set for it, I am ultimately disappointed in the Oceania servers. Living in Singapore I understand the frustration Australian players go through to be able to want to play a game they have waited months, even years for, only to be disappointed by the sheer server letdowns. Hopefully this issue will be resolved in the next week or so, I would love to continue enjoying this game."
,Recommended,473690,34731058,Posted: 4 September,all,FancyPants,"If you're looking to back spin kick a masked man in the face and see his lifeless body literally catapult itself into grass, this is the game for you.~ But in all honesty ; this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing it really is. Yes of course there are connection issues and I can guarantee they will be fixed soon enough. Newcomers to fighting games will be thrown off when dueling or facing harder enemies, but practice makes perfect.P.S. I would love to see this played competitively."
,Recommended,473690,34731125,Posted: 4 September,all,Bearo,"Look theres only one bad thing about the game right now and thats the servers since it just came out.Thats it, the game is outstanding otherwise.Combat like youve never felt before, the feel of fighting people and learning their moves only to add them to your collection is such a cool concept. PvP is so intense not just because of player reflexes, but player built decks. Throw in a exelent minor ability system that includes 2 weapon types and it gets real dramatic.Create a karate kid work shop, esentially.The world has no loading (unless the servers get yah) and the seemless player base is so cool. People will pop in and out like destiny and you can fight them or team up with them for fun and help.The story itself is short but you will go around the same areas fighting npcs to learn all the moves. The art style is amazing and the animation should be applauded, seriously all these fluid animations that seemleslly tranistion to the next is just something else.This games pretty much more than what I hoped for and as soon as they fix the damn servers everyone will have a blast.Especially with more content on the way."
,Recommended,473690,34730039,Posted: 4 September,all,Legend,Is Absolver Perfect game? No... Is It a good game? Hell yes... I was never was fan of fighting games their endless button combos that makes you think only genius with photographic memory can play it.... Absolver take fighting mechanics to different level and blends it all nicely together with use of two main buttons... It has a huge skill customisation options and you will be stuck on screen for hours trying to work out which skills to pick....It is great to see that instead of focusing on many areas of game the indie devs picked one mechanic and made it near perfect.. However that means while the combat is the best other things lack..One of those things is pve content... I really wish there be more bosses that you could fight and train against or more areas to explore..The main story is short and feels more as afterthought with great lore that keeps you wondering...The fighting maps needs rethink and redesign.. No one is liking bottomless maps where you just fall of or get pushed off... This is game about skill this is not for Honor  where I can just push people off the cliff all day long... We need those maps removed or re-tweaked because no one likes those....The chat system... In multiplayer there is no chat while I think it suits the game and prevents lot of abusive chat that comes with competitive game.. I wish the emotes would have their own hotkeys or quickeys..instead of unresponsive wheel...Joining schools find it very odd... Only people that can join school has to be on your friends list to be invited....Pc controls needs more customisation e.g sensitivity of parry....Anyway like I said this is not perfect game while it lacks in other areas it makes it a blast to pvp with other players and I can see myself playing it for long time which makes it totally worth a buy!
,Recommended,473690,34728249,Posted: 3 September,all,darth22345,"Quality fighting game that has lots of styles. The fighting is good, the server is not so"
,Recommended,473690,34728271,Posted: 3 September,all,MrKyuubi,"Great game, just need to fix their servers."
76561198008302916,Recommended,473690,34729199,Posted: 4 September,all,dirtyCAT,Not even usually a fan of fighting games - but the deck system in this means that even with PVP any battle is basically a boss fight where you can memorise the movesets of your oponent which results in some incredibly tight combat. AI is suitably challenging also. This game is basically a badass ninja simulator where after every encounter i win i come out feeling like a goddamned hero.
76561198031537075,Recommended,473690,34731290,Posted: 4 September,all,Bender,"First off the game itself is great, however the online servers are disgustingly horrid, it's only been 1 week and I already ran into my first hacker (speed hacking / 3 hit K/Oing people at the bridge area). It feels a little gimped on content, i'm sure there is more to come, but as far as purchasing this game right now I would not suggest doing so. There is also a problem with an ability that costs 1 tension shard and knocks people back in an area around the person who casts it, that doesnt seem too bad until people start abusing it to knock you off ledges for kills, the only counter play to it is an ability which requires 3 tension shards to use, so for every 3 times they can cast that ability you can only cast 1 of your ""counter"". I would say let the dev's work out the kinks for the server problems / balance issues or pick it up when its on sale. The game has a lot of promise, the combat is satisfying building a deck that flows to your style of play is very cool, tons of moves to use and choose from to make your deck feel unique. Right now I would say the game is about a 7/10 lots of potential hopefully the devs continue working hard on it to improve the game as a whole.TL;DR: Unique move deck system with plenty of options, PVP balance isnt there yet, servers are very laggy, not enough content for 30$."
,Recommended,473690,34728235,Posted: 3 September,all,Beizelby,Really awesome game for anyone that likes fighting games.  Many combat moves and styles that you can unlock and use to customise how your character can fight.  Different stances switch you to different move sets and combo's.  Really awesome system.
76561198084126108,Recommended,473690,34728666,Posted: 3 September,all,Chillymo,"Fun game. Servers are an issue atm, but offline still works fine. Once server issues get worked out this is gonna be a great game. I'm just toolin around lvlin up and unlocking abilities atm. Still a lot of fun."
76561198068117930,Recommended,473690,34665011,Posted: 1 September,all,Scoobs,"I personaly really like this game. It's really enjoyable, martial arts moves are really gorgeous and the graphic and the level design is stunning. But unfortunately there are few cons which follow in shade of above mentioned pros. Server issues, shallow PVE content, absence of map or fast travel (the beginning was a bit confusing, I must admit) and keybinding is stiff - doesn't support multi language keyboard versions and you can't adjust stance keybinding.Compare to pros and cons, I do recommend this game because I do believe in it. These types of cons could be removed or reduced. I hope devs will care about this game, because this game is worth supporting."
,Not Recommended,473690,34624610,Posted: 30 August,all,Bobcards,Was positive until I reached the end of the game. Who the ♥♥♥♥ thought that making the only hidden style in the game pander to builds that use dexterity? Now the game is unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥. Please fix this.
,Recommended,473690,34963669,Posted: 14 September,all,Msomething,"Great Game. Just watching other people play might seems boring. but if you bought it and actually dig in and play it. I assure you, this game will become one of your favorites. great combination of Martial Arts and the beautiful of tons of action movements. esaecially PVP, since it's a 1v1 duel, it is really easy for you to find a match. and there is no OP fighting style in my opinion. the way you think and the way you adapt is the way to victory. In general, this game is higly playeble. at least for half a year, or a full year. hope you guys enjoy."
,Recommended,473690,34618295,Posted: 30 August,all,Dizmoral,"Game is awesome and great, but please fix your servers problem, this isn't okay when mu opponent has a 500+ ping."
,Not Recommended,473690,34701079,Posted: 2 September,all,Bad Boy Brunch,extremely fun and competitive gameplay.but server instability and lack of content outside of just dueling or grinding for movesets makes this game not worth it. Wait for a sale or an update.
,Recommended,473690,34830786,Posted: 9 September,all,"Cargøn, lord of file cabinets","Absolver is a weird game. If you're looking into it then you're probably there for Kung-fu action fighting in For-honor styling then you sure as hell are welcome here because the combat in this game is super tight, super cool, and mostly intuitive with a super high skill ceiling and dynamic deck building letting a good player be pretty damn good. I can't find any glaring issues in the combat and they're updating it fairly consistently as it goes on. So why not but Absolver?Here is a list of my gripes with the game:-The drop system is like super dumb. You get several copies of equipment that you don't want and with a glut of equip slots you're going to have a pack rat nightmare in no time flat. This can be fixed by making duplicates go under their own drop-down cache represented by a single copy of that item or maybe use a TF2-style item cruncher to turn your garbage into ♥♥♥♥ing anything else.-The soundtrack is dull. I don't have a complaint about any particular track but not even one of them caught my ear. It's so dull in fact that I just used LISA: The Joyful's soundtrack in its stead, which fits punching dudes in the face pretty well. The current soundtrack never really comes alive and might as well not be there.-There are just enough minor features missing in the UI to tick me off. Can I get a minimap so I don't get lost in maps that twist around like a dying python in a tumble dryer? Can I skip text dialogue that is one sentance long but stays on your screen for 15 seconds? Can I skip cutscenes so the ""Shut up and kick my♥♥♥♥♥quot; problem stops being a thing? Can the map show pathways so I'm not just trying to navigate across a brick? Can me wanting to quit the game end the game instead of quitting to menu? Maybe add a quit to menu button?-EXPLAIN THE ♥♥♥♥ING STORY. Loadscreens or something man, If there even is a story I didn't hear of it. The game makes up terms left and right and ♥♥♥♥ you if you want to understand dialogue to invest more that half a♥♥♥♥♥♥into the story. From what I've gathered the story is Pyre but with Kung Fu and it holds up but if you're gonna do that don't set up the boss characters to do some cool unexplained♥♥♥♥♥♥and then let it remained unexplained. Also make it last more than 4 hours please. Also also ♥♥♥♥ that dude in the hood you don't know me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.-The moves are cool and all but building a deck is not easy when you don't tell me the nessecary information or at least give me a legend for the weird heiroglyphs you smeared all over every move. Yeah, I know about sheild blocking and♥♥♥♥♥♥but when you tie damage to either dex or strength then tell me which attacks use dex and which use strength or I'm just using the class ones and hoping for the best. And some way to organize aside from the current method which I can't begin to understand would be nice.-♥♥♥♥ that cliff arena. No. You know what happened in For Honor. Don't play dumb.-1v1 combat is fine but they're skipping 2v2 at least for now and going straight for 3v3? It's easier to manage two schedules, manage two enemies, and listen to the chatter of only one friend than it is if you add another. 3v3 is going to be a cluster♥♥♥♥ any way you slice it and in a game style where being outnumbered is a trump card you have to know it's a bad idea.-Local text chat would be nice so I can differentiate randos trying to do their own thing from Infinity Franchise members who will kill anything that moves for the exercise. You don't need global chat but even a canned Armello-style phrase book would do wonders. And yes I know about the taunt reel but you bowing in front of a guy who wants to wear your torso as a hat isn't going to help much.All in all, do I reccomend Absolver? Do you care about minmaxing, item allocation, story and the singleplayer experience? Then no. Do you like a cool combat system, 1v1 melee battles with a decent skill ceiling, and kung fu? Then yes.The game feels like an early access game in everything except for the combat. I hope they don't just ring and run with this game because the combat is truly amazing and most devolver digital games give half a♥♥♥♥♥♥about the playerbase so it'd be nice if they adressed the glaring issues and just sharpened up the singleplayer experience in general.The combat in this game is so, so good and tense, and if they flush it down the toilet I'd be super ♥♥♥♥ing mad.The game as is I'd buy on sale, but if they can work it more towards its pricetag then hell yeah this could be GOTY material.Currently a 3/5."
,Recommended,473690,34627163,Posted: 30 August,all,iPaper,"-Skill Based-Customize your own character-4 main schools: Forsaken,Windfall, Kahlt & Stagger-Mix & Match 4 schools into your own moveset"
76561198087239530,Recommended,473690,34677518,Posted: 1 September,all,Irradiated Seal,"It's a quality game with diverse fighting and no perfect meta way to fight. That being said... The NPC Campaign thing that help you level up and fight with your friends is awfully short leaving you with mastering moves and fighting in the PVP. The servers are akin to a waste basket on fire falling out of a 26th story window. If they fix this and make PVP more diverse and add a good ranking system with a little more campaign content, i highly reccomend it."
76561197991647783,Recommended,473690,34697239,Posted: 2 September,all,True C1rca,"amazing pvp. no gimics all skill. alot of the downvotes you will see are complaints with the servers. you have to understand this game was made by a small dev team with like 6 people, and the game just launched so yes servers will be wonky this is normal for most any game ever. within 2 days they have fixed alot of issues where im at atleast, i went from not even being able to connect to the servers at all, to being on them all the time. still some lag issues but i dont think they were ready for the player size they got. this should be worked out soon. the other complaint you will see is the game is so short in terms of pve. this is to be exspected. the pve is just to teach you the mechanics and get you some moves. this game is mainly a pvp game, if you came for pve dont bother, go back to darksouls"
76561198060137364,Recommended,473690,34697444,Posted: 2 September,all,Alikir,The game is lots of fun. Very skill demanding but nonetheless extremely fun and complex
,Recommended,473690,34697259,Posted: 2 September,all,Mayor Ignaeon,"An incredible game with a nice, quiet soundtrack, Incredible open world multiplayer, and a deep level of combat skill and personalization. the servers are getting better every day."
,Recommended,473690,35002352,Posted: 16 September,all,Burst Lord,"If you're a fan of PVP focused games l recommend Absolver. The variety of choices when customizing your fight deck ensures each fight feels different, giving the main PVP mode huge replayability. I've been doing PVP for two days straight and I haven't fought 2 people who's styles were identical.Like most fighting games, once you get familiar with the mechanics it becomes very satisfying to employ mindgames using feignts. Fights become move than mindless rushdown once you and your opponent identify what strings are easily dealt with using your defensive ability. There are plenty of oppertunities to outplay or yomi your opponent into defeat, and the best part is the game is not mechanically demanding like traditional fighting games. Anyone who enjoys this genre will find something appealing about this game. Can't reccomend it enough."
,Not Recommended,473690,34634201,Posted: 31 August,all,Kafar,"My review for this poor ""hyped"" game is 4/10 :Gameplay - Fun for the first 20min then it's getting worse and irritating every min you fight.Lack of content - Few ""bosses"" and just a bunch of custom enemies with random skills that are totally unbalanced same as the experience they give you (same map, same spot and you can get 400-1000 exp for same enemies)PVP - If you don't use fast hits then you can forget about itServer problems - A lot of weird lags, mostly when other people visit same map as you. Stats are one big useless joke.Map - What is map? You can ask, in this game you won't find the answer. You need to memorize everything in the first 2-3h to know what is where, so good luck and wander around like an idiot to find your targets.Stats - Totally useless, no matter if you are level 5 or 40, they won't change anything.EQ - from all items you will never use ~ 95% of them, but still they look niceGraphic - Yey finally some + for this game and that's it. Ares, characters and equipment are nicely designed.Open World - It's not so open, half of the small world are stupid alleys that connects you to small open area then again alleys.Music - Very rarely you can hear something other than PUNCH PUNCH PUNCH sound.CO-OP - Yes, it exists in this game, but don't be fooled, here you can invite up to 3 people but when you punch them 2-3 times you have to invite them again and again. Lack of anything like a chat makes it really hard to find someone, because most of the time you see 0-1 ppl around."
,Recommended,473690,34768358,Posted: 5 September,all,Koigakubo,"This is, by far, one of my favourite games to date. Right up there with Mount & Blade and Neverwinter Nights. The learning curve isn't very strenuous. It's easy to pick up but difficult to master. Spamming quick, rotating combos will get you far, at first, but mastering the intricate♥♥♥♥♥♥will take you to the top, for sure. The graphics are gorgeous. So reminiscant of Journey in its mystery and intrigue. I couldn't recommend this game more highly. It is well worth the measly $30."
,Not Recommended,473690,34598626,Posted: 29 August,all,you can eat cactus,"the more i play this game the worse i feel about it.the bungled launch without oceania servers, long load times and overall lack of content really hold this game down.when i first saw it and played it, it was awesome, but when i figured out the singleplayer content only lasted about three hours, and that the multiplayer is iffy at best, it started to get boring.now when i boot up the game there's nothing to do, unless i want to sit through a very long loading time with a 50/50 chance of the connection actually working and not just leaving me in an endless load screen.the fact that the only way to get masks, which are what makes your character stand out from every other NPC and noob in the game is locked in the PvP mode means that i can't have a character that looks appealing, unless i want to sit through another long loading screen. and even then it's nowhere near guaranteed that you'll get a mask when you level up.the playercount has also died in the relatively short time since launch. as i write this review there's just over 400 people playing worldwide, according to GitHyp and SteamCharts. this really shows in-game, as you don't run into half as many people as you did around launch. this makes it harder to find people to verse in multiplayer, making it harder to get a reliable connection, level up, or get any masks outside of the three or four you can get in singleplayer.all in all, i'd hold off on purchasing absolver if you're in it for the multiplayer. low player counts and unreliable connections, coupled with long load times and a lack of singleplayer content really shoot absolver in the foot here.it's a shame because absolver could've been so much better than what it has become."
76561198109220635,Recommended,473690,34749592,Posted: 4 September,all,jarlupathingy,When the servers are working this game is great. you can play offline but you lose a lot of what this game has to offer. the fighting is great and very inovative. I hope they fix it up soon.
,Recommended,473690,34806724,Posted: 7 September,all,Papa_Kam,great game i like it a lot i am also ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but great game
76561198142434954,Recommended,473690,34744826,Posted: 4 September,all,Dragon,"Absolver has a great combat system, a cool art style choice, and, in my opinion, an engaging open world despie it's small size.  It does lack a lot of stuff to do past the short story though; the only opion currently being a 1v1 PvP mode.  However, I would definitely recommend this game to people.  If more content is important to you then just watch to see what's added, but I'd argue that it's a fun game to just wonder around and fight in even after completing the objectives."
,Recommended,473690,34614885,Posted: 30 August,all,EvilTwinTepe,"I'm only 7 or so hours into this game, and while it has its own set of launch woes - it is great. I feel like a badass (to use someone else's comment on this game), and learning the new moves is fun and fluid. I DO wish there was a better intro/instruction/something to help learn the move sets and deck building, but I'm STILL enjoying even as I learn as I go - which seems par for the course for this game.This really can only get better!"
76561198064679582,Recommended,473690,34639304,Posted: 31 August,all,TrAsH MaN,"I have been having a ton of fun with this game. It's definetly more of a fighting game than something like for honor or dark souls, so don't go into it with that mentality, it won't do you any good. Campaign is pretty short, but its basically a tutorial for the rest of the game. Pvp is a ton of fun, and battles get really intense really fast. Everything feels balanced, i haven't yet fought an oponent that felt too OP for their own good. If you like brawlers, fighting games, dark souls, or for honor i would recommend this game. I know i said don't go into it with those comparisons, but if you're from either group you're bound to love the hell out of Absolver.Oh and fix your servers, this game is the best online but with the servers constantly crashing since launch it's been a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Regardless, love this game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34597853,Posted: 29 August,all,Tory,Boring.Unreal real 4 engine used so poorly here..Good effort but not worth 30.Cya gonna go play some dark souls.
76561198358612634,Recommended,473690,34634085,Posted: 31 August,all,xDMN8x,"So much potentialWe just need moreMore in game worldMore levels beyond lv 60 or the ability to prestigeMore XP - dedicated players should be rewardedMore movesMore game modes (for example 2v2 and 3v3)More mapsEverything in the game is greatIt's just not enough!!!!!So SLOCLAPGive us moreor we will be doing the slow clap for an overpriced demo of what could be the greatest fighting game concept ever. I would just like to see more RPG elements and the stats progression actually progress further, much much further, so if people want to grind for weeks on end they can. not just for 24 hours and bam finished =("
76561198074953099,Recommended,473690,34708628,Posted: 3 September,all,martyparty,"Great game, get it."
76561197996686855,Recommended,473690,34623373,Posted: 30 August,all,Tom Banner,One of the better fighting games right now.Get it bois
,Recommended,473690,34646277,Posted: 31 August,all,Oats,"the game is well made and i love just about everything about it, it doesnt hold your hand through the story, you need to think and act on your own. the fighting is the core of the game and its incredibly strong in that aspect.My single problem with the game, is that in order to get better and level up your character, you need to win fights. and if you have absolutely no fighting game experience the way i lack, then that can be quite challenging. when you fight someone, the moves they use to fight you, your character learns as you defend against them. after the fight, the only way you can hold on to that experience with those new moves is by winning the fight, witch most of the time when you are fighting someone with new moves, you won't... at least in my case. there are other ways to level up your character i suppose, but i fail to see how that can compete with simply winning fight after fight.I would have happily paid $12-$15 for this indie style game, but they put a big $30 price tag on it and im not at all happy about how much i spent on it.TLDR; game has incredible aspects and plays extremely well, price is too high for the content.would recommend if you have a fighting game background unlike myself.Also do your best to wait for a sale to come up for this game, $30 is just dumb.Future thoughts:I played a lot over a few days and progressed slightly into the story. my first frustration is that the game seems to truly shine when its you vs one other foe (online player or npc), but a larger majority of the time im fighting up to 3 enemies at once. esspecially during boss fights - i guess you would refer to the enemies around the boss as minions or something. Why is the game like this? its a martial arts fighting game where reading and learning your opponent is key, along with a good deck and good reaction time i suppose, but when all three of the enmies you are fighting all decide to hit you around the exact same times using completely different moves. it becomes un-manageable. thus un-fun. i found the online matchmaking feature where it wwill match you up against other players for a 1v1 fight best of 5 (first to 3 wins). why does the game match you up against people who have beaten the story of the game already and start using all three of the classes, plus the fourth hidden class of stagger method. id love to progress more into the game, and enjoy it at the same time,but thats hard when the only challenge is having enough health points to endure a non-stop hail of attacks from 3 or even more enemies at once and then deal massive damage after you get a free second."
76561198119726419,Recommended,473690,34709731,Posted: 3 September,all,A Gay Guy,Amazing gamebeautiful artamazing combat systemso much potential
,Recommended,473690,34710234,Posted: 3 September,all,randuds,"Great game, I love the mechanics and the style. I just hope they'll fix the servers for Asia PVP. Nontheless it's a 10/10."
76561198027859851,Recommended,473690,34695716,Posted: 2 September,all,The Monarch,"Excellent gameplay, despite the occasional bugs or server issues. Unique and inspired."
76561198058358781,Recommended,473690,34658175,Posted: 1 September,all,gumdrum,my block makes me dab 11/9 would buy again
,Recommended,473690,34614392,Posted: 30 August,all,lxThunderxl,"A Good Game but lacks contentHeads-up:I am giving this game a positive review because I believe it has a lot of potential and genuinly enjoyed it while it lasted. However I certainly do not think this game is for everyone.TLDRIn my eyes this game is a bit lackluster as of right now. The Visuals are great, the Mechanics and the Gameplay are fun and suit a game like this really well, however this game takes about an afternoon to play through. What would keep people's attention is the 1v1 PvP but I have doubts about this being enough to attract people.If you asked me if this game was worth it's price I'd say: Only if you really enjoy PvP fights comparable to Dark Souls arena matches.However the Devs did promise updates including more PvP gamemodes, more customization and content updates in the future, so please do look out for that, as this game does have a lot of potential.OverviewI am slightly disappointed by this game right now. I was looking forward to it a lot because of articles and previews that I found around the internet.Positive things to say about this game are definitly everything that concerns the mechanics. The game plays great and every fight is challenging. People compared it to Dark Souls in other reviews and to a certain extend the games do have a few things in common. As a Souls enthusiast I really enjoyed the difficulty of the game. No enemy you are facing in this game is defeated like fodder. Everyone can put up a fight and I really enjoyed that.The game's looks are stunning and I absolutely love the art style they went for. The Combat System is refreshing and feels amazing since it makes every fight looks cool in it's own and gives you as a viewer the impression that you watch an intense martial arts fight.However there are a few things that bothered me playing this game. First and foremost the play time. I played about 6h and I have seen pretty much everything the game has to offer as of right now, and about one hour was spent on trying to find a boss, which was most likely taken down by another player and did not respawn as I didn't rest in that area. Currently this game lacks content to extend the time you can invest in exploring the world.A small detail that bothered me was that it has a build in loading sequence at a very awkward position in the game, while everywhere else all the transitions from one zone to another were very smooth, even changes in daytime were done just while running. The exact place I mean will be in spoilers because there is more to be said about that part but might be seen as a spoiler for some people so I will put it as such below:When you walk up the stairs, nearing the end of the game, towards the last area you will find the game suddenly loading halfway through. It feels weird as all the other transitions from area to area have been very smooth before but not only that, looking down the stairs it looks exactly like just coming from where you were going, but looking ahead I found the path to look very different from what it looked like before the loading sequence. Additionally the whole area following this looks very empty, there are no enemies anymore up to the boss fight. The only NPC to be found tells you a minor part of the story again, but at the end the area feels empty.Lastly for the overview I feel like there has to be more explained about the setting. The story bits you get from talking to the few friendly NPCs in this game are very vague and I felt like I was left hanging by the game.CombatThe Combat in this game is very unique. You build your own Combat Decks (An attack sequence for every stand that are chainable depending on your stance). There is one for each style of combat (unarmed, Wargloves and Swords). Speaking about styles: currently there are 3 base styles in the game. They mostly vary on which Stat they relie on and what form of special way of evading attacks they have. There is one to parry your opponent, one to dodge attacks and one for absorbing hits. They all seem very different from each other and vary in difficulty.MultiplayerFirst off: you can turn off online mode in the main menu of the game, which is convenient for players that want to play alone. But keep in mind that currently the multiplayer is a very big part of this game when it comes to fighting PvP in the arenas.If you enter an area you will meet other players. You can attack them if you feel like it or cooperate. The game has a menu that will help you with this, letting you party up with people you meet, end fights that you might have started or ask them to duel you.The Multiplayer does have quite some influence in this game. You can not only party up to defeat stronger enemies but other players can ""steal"" those enemies from you too. Stronger opponents with names seem to remain gone for you after defeated by someone else. At least this is the only suitable explaination I have when it comes to me searching every inch of each area for the final enemy to open a gate and running through his location multiple times to find that he respawned after I rested in the area. Other normal enemies respawn eventually, at the latest when you left the zone and enter it again.Final ThoughtsThis game is definitly very unique. It has a very cool combat system that I have never seen like this before in another game. It is challenging but never frustrating. However I think that as of right now this game lacks content. After 6h all that's left to do for me is re-fighting bosses, for which you need to PvP regardless. And as long as re-fighting bosses does not give you any extra details about the story I think this is fine, but leaves the player hanging when it comes to the story. However if it does it might fill the gaps of information about the story that I feel exist, but might lock out players that are new to this game because they simply can't get there because they aren't very good at it and have problems in PvP. Additionally if there isn't much new coming I am afraid that finding people to PvP might become difficult.My hope is that the Devs will keep their promise of releasing more updates for this because the game certainly has the potential to become one of my favourite games ever. I enjoy PvP against other people but I also want to explore more of the setting this game has to offer.This game is definitly one of a kind and now it is in the Devs hands to turn it from a good game into the amazing game it deserves to be, with more content on both the PvP and PvE side so that the Playerbase increases and to keep people sticking to it in the long run.Any typos or spelling mistakes are easter eggs and may be kept by the one finding them"
76561197996134845,Recommended,473690,34583529,Posted: 29 August,all,ExE | nIcardo,####This Game is not for impatient Hack and Slash Player####World and colors looks beautiful and it took around 30 mins to get used to the evade and attack controls.(Better with controller)Deck system too will need some experiment on each player's playing style. Very much satisfied with the game
,Recommended,473690,34722972,Posted: 3 September,all,Mfman14,If you're a big martial arts fan you'll enjoy this game. The PvE is enjoyable and mainly there for you to practice and learn moves so you can be ready for PvP. The world itself is also intriguing but the best part of this game is the combat deck system. The combat deck system allows you to create your own unique fighting styles by combining a variety of different moves from different martial arts. This completely sets the game apart from other fighting games. Taking your unique fighting style and testing it out against other players is what will keep you coming back. I highly recommend buying this game if you're a fan of fighting games and/or martial arts.
76561198103212747,Recommended,473690,34722698,Posted: 3 September,all,Meh,"I've never typed a Steam review before, but this will be my first. Why?I really enjoy Absolver. It may be short, the servers sometimes fail me, and I wish there could be more meaningful online encounters with players. Your experience is basically isolated to you and your friends. However, the combat, the highlight and foundation of the game, is addicting if you're willing to sink your teeth into it.To me, I take the simplicity of the overall game as a means to focus on your character, YOUR journey. You are the most important and attention-grabbing...""thing"" in the world, and you'll meet many people with different philosophies and styles. What I love about this is that the game then forces you focus on the individuals, which results in an overall experience that involves self-improvement. If you don't have very good moves, get more and experiment. If you can't get used to your class' ability, practice. If you get beat by someone with a better combat deck, observe them, emulate, and adapt. You're essentially giving an identity to your Prospect, who has none. Are you one who gives up? Or are you one that rises from a nobody to a well-known mentor and Absolver? That's what makes it most enticing: making your own mark in the game.Which leads me to my point: why am I writing my first Steam review for this game? While I'm fully aware that this game isn't for a mainstream audience, and many won't like such a focused and ""incomplete"" game, that DOESN'T mean this game deserves bad reviews that lowers its status from ""Positive"" to ""Mixed."" This niche community NEEDS to attract more like-minded players that can appreciate Absolver for what it is."
76561198055609351,Recommended,473690,34600513,Posted: 30 August,all,Lord Snow,"Weirdest fighting game I've ever played. Not that that's a bad thing. Hard to play? Yeah. Learning curve? Not too steep., but there is one there. Intrigue? Yeah, it's thereA nice break away from the 2D fighters. I mean.6 forgotten 3D fighting games that came out earlier this year cough cough For Honor cough cough. out of 5."
76561198046690525,Recommended,473690,34619627,Posted: 30 August,all,Kleinstar,Finding bosses simulator 2017.Doesn't help that the map is about as useful as a waterproof towel.Good game otherwise.
,Recommended,473690,34647096,Posted: 31 August,all,Unknown,"just finished the story mode, this game is so good af, fluid animation and good graphics"
76561198124965393,Not Recommended,473690,35139162,Posted: 22 September,all,Hyrtz™,"might have a blast at first , but the pvp is rigged with dodge exploits and attack exploits that you cannot counter, lots of hackers too"
,Not Recommended,473690,35165212,Posted: 23 September,all,TastsyPwacebo1™,"Just buy DS3 or For Honor, exact same type of community (terrible) but with more than 15 hours of content and better controls. Maybe in a year it'll be good, but currently every match is people using 2 or 3 of the 20 viable moves,  or just trying to throw each other off the ledge if there is one. Although that wouldnt be as much of a problem if the spawns/ spawning mechanic wasnt terrible. If you die once your probably just going to get stuck into a combo or magic'd off a ledge cause you cant control your character as your spawning but you can still be hit."
76561198083760499,Recommended,473690,34764361,Posted: 5 September,all,Flyingbird,"I've wanted this game for a while. i got it. and im more than happy with it!The combat is so different from any other game i've played, and it feels awesome!The story isn't really good tho. in fact, i dont even know the story myself..But everything else makes up for it.The community is very kind and respectful.I feel like saying: ""you'll love this game"" isn't the way to go.. If you like martial arts, a challenge, something different.All i can say is, ""its a good game"".But i find this game to be very good!9/10 would play anyday"
,Recommended,473690,34705273,Posted: 3 September,all,strom,"Pros:Amazing combat systemCustomizable deck with attacks that smoothly chain with each other4 different combat stylesCons:Short storySmall & bland worldServers still need a lot of work____Overall, I'd recommend this game. It's still being updated, and much more to come. I see a lot of potential in it. The server issues hopefully won't be around for long."
,Recommended,473690,34804205,Posted: 7 September,all,яøb,"Dark souls meets martial arts. Excellent gameplay, exciting interactions with other players, beautifully designed textures as well. The only fault is the problem with connecting to servers. I've had many issues with connection, but that will be fixed in time considering how new the game is. Overall, I absolutely recommend this game"
,Recommended,473690,34804047,Posted: 7 September,all,Kawaii desu ne onii chan!!,"Unique take on a fighting game, the deck idea is well executed, ""beat"" the story in 5 hours though."
76561198036097144,Recommended,473690,34623347,Posted: 30 August,all,EnergeticLemon,"This game is absolutely great, I've been having a blast, progression is fun with all of the different moves to learn, classes are balanced, steep but climbable learning curve. 10/10 game imo, feel free to msg me if you have any specific questions."
,Recommended,473690,35143669,Posted: 22 September,all,Troy,"Ever try to:Figure out your minimum effective deadliness without weapons or armor?Dodge or evade attacks using emotes?Perform a tornado kick when nobody was looking?Join us at the shrine. We're waiting for you.This game has it all. Engaging combat, soundtrack, visuals. If you have friends, they'll be amazed by all the ways you can hit them in the face. You can found your own school and teach those wholack discipline!Learn from every hit you take(actual game mechanic)and eventually dish out some lessons yourself.What you learn is represented by these sick cards that will remind you of old timey instructional scrolls featuring painted stances and forms; Mix and match them to create your own fighting styles including weapon styles. While the game is not entirely focused on weapon combat you could design your character in such a way that you gain access to it faster than most. Weapons in this game can be used until they are sheathed, taken by force or break off on your opponent's face.You can toggle between online, invite only and offline mode. Co-op and courtesy in online play is common but be wary of your friend's fists of fury. Luckily these rules apply to everything else in the game which makes for some interesting encounters and strategies."
,Recommended,473690,34605309,Posted: 30 August,all,Joesen,"as of now, this game is only a few days old. people are too impatient to wait a little longer. if you're planning on buying, id suggest you wait until the game updates and fixes it current probelms. the game is, however, playable depending on where you live.buy this game now only if you're willing to put up with it's problems.i suggest you keep an eye on disccusions."
,Recommended,473690,34854591,Posted: 9 September,all,Officer Friendly,"The absolute BEST melee combat in a video game ever, truly a modern masterpiece. I could list all the pros and cons but when it comes down to it would I recommend it for 30 dollars. Yes, 110% yes."
,Recommended,473690,34708218,Posted: 3 September,all,Akkad G,"I was very hyped for this. It delivered. The combat system is very innovative and it is so much fun. 1v1 is tense and satisfying. The storyline is cryptic and short but you can return to previous bosses you encountered and challenge their tougher versions. The game has some minor issues as servers not being up all the time, the region lock, no oceania servers and all but most of these issues did not affect me. I highly recommend it to martial arts fans."
,Recommended,473690,34700787,Posted: 2 September,all,PupToro,"ABSOLVUTELY AMAZING! It's only day 3 and for a small shop Sloclap's doing a good job at addressing any issues that made their way through Alpha/Beta tests, servers are sometimes a bit wibbly but they've already released 1.03 patch and it solved a lot of issues, I expect that they're going to keep the momentum up but if not I'll definitely be updating the review to be fair."
76561198015198395,Recommended,473690,34624478,Posted: 30 August,all,Joshthunder2,"I keep seeing people say its like dark souls. the only ""dark souls"" thing in this game is seeing random people in your world. You dont really lose anything from getting killed other than not getting experiance from a move that you havent learned yet.I really like the game, but there are small things i dont like. I wanted to get it for the PvP mostly which is where the game is best played in my opinion. The only thing i really dont like about the pvp is the stun abilities. Especially the one where you lose more stamina when you use an action, and it stuns you. I dont mind the healing ability or the shockwave ability since you can interrupt the healing ability, and the shockwave ability does no damage to you, and the opponent does not get a free hit on you. I havent really seen anyone use the weapons yet so i cant say much about them. One more thing is there are some maps where you can fall off it, so just like for honor its a non honorable/skillful way to win.I havent beaten the PvE part of the game so i can't say how long it is, but another comparison to dark souls is the no map. This ANNOYED me since you will get lost trying to find all the people you have to beat, and back track so many times to find them. I guess this was made to make you explore the world, but adding a mini map, or at least a more detailed map would've helped SO MUCH.I really love the fighting in this game. Fighting games are my favorite genre since i believe most of them take skill to play. This game definently takes skill to play. I play the Forsaken class (parry class) that at first i thought was going to be broken, but is pretty balanced. If you fight the same person enough then you can study their moves and parry everything they do. I faced someone who had his deck mostly attack from the right side so it was easy to parry him. The weakness for the Forsaken class is that if they mix up their deck from attacking from left to right then i obviously can't parry as well. If i cant parry then i have to block all the opponents attacks which will lead to a guard break.I always wanted a fighting game that has a cool gimmik to it. I thought for honor would be one, but it needed more time to balance everything. This game feels pretty balanced and the ability to make your own combos is really interesting. It gives you the feeling that there are endless combos that you can make. The only thing they need to do now is GET THE SERVERS BACK ONLINE FOR MORE THAN AN HOUR!I would get this game if you really like fighting games, and want to play the PvP. The PvE is not as good as it sounds, but is good for practicing for online.IF YOU DO NOT LIKE FIGHTING GAMES DO NOT BUY THIS."
76561198127351463,Recommended,473690,34638667,Posted: 31 August,all,Dmatthew,"So far not bad,  As long as they keep adding to it."
76561198056481306,Recommended,473690,34620254,Posted: 30 August,all,080,This game is what for honor was meant to be. Every move in the game (all 180) can be used in any sequence you want! So far I've noticed no move is useless and all moves can be mixed into a part of a deck to be useful. This is a very important fact as it makes the game have a HUGE learning curve. The co op was fun and short (shorter than 3 hours) and I enjoyed all 3 hours. I'm now PVPIng and learning moves from my enemies (great mechanic btw) and enjoyin the game. If you enjoy a competetive fighting game with balanced moves and you enjoy analysing the game you play I strongly recommend this game. How ever if you want a casual PVE  game I do not recommend this game as that only lasts 3 to 10 hours.
,Recommended,473690,34594546,Posted: 29 August,all,Chonto,meet new and interesting people then beat them up
,Recommended,473690,35030648,Posted: 17 September,all,R3dWulf3X,"First off I'll say I enjoy this game though it has many obvious flaws. There are quite a few things it does right like the pvp and enconter system and I loved both. But through my journey which took no more than about 6 hours for me to complete I experienced a lot of bugs at least 9 times I was just walking down a main pathway and I just fell through the map and died. Along with phasing through objects and walls along with the bosses which would often multiply(more than certain the same boss shouldnt be in the same area like 2 of the same boss and 2 other enemies which are often stuck in their running animation prior to your arrival). But its a solid fighting game especially its community ive yet too meet any players who refuse to start off a battle with a friendly bow along with people often being happy to cooperate with randoms. I like how this game also rewards practice and skill In 1 v 1 duels the winner will almost always be the better player of course there are spammers and those who try to abuse armored abilities ( basically only Charged Haymaker) but there isnt a massive amount of them at least from my personal experience. I also have come accross bugs within the school system which keeps me from gaining experience in it. In short the system allows you to learn attacks and the defensive abilities of another class like if you start one of the 3 starters (Khalt , Forsaken , Windfall) you can learn the stagger style which though is fun is very irritating to fight. Out of the 4 combat styles I personally have enjoyed windfall the most fluent precise and fast but there is a lot of inconsitency with pvp like the tracking on some moves is just stupid and will follow you and your dodge no matter which direction you go.And the forsaken classes defensive ability parry is exceptionally hard to time so its not recommended for a beginner( didnt read the explanation at the beginning telling of its difficulty suffered later due to this ).  In the end through all its bugs and minor inconviences I'd still recommend this game. Its fun and has a good pace a little dissapointed in the story though didnt really expand much on the lore and overall importance of important characters ( I could also be very ignorant or its hidden 50/50 chance I'd say) but its a great game which succeeds where other games like it failed ( R.I.P For Honor )."
,Recommended,473690,35029146,Posted: 17 September,all,Chipotlaway,High learning curve but very fun PvP play. Always feels like you're learning something new.
,Recommended,473690,34626382,Posted: 30 August,all,Jet Riddle,"FOR THOSE WHO ARE NEW TO THE GAME, BLOCK LIKE CRAZY OR USE YOUR STYLE ABILITY TO LEARN NEW MOVES, I DIDNT REALLY START BLOCKING UNTIL MID-GAME AND I REGRETTED IT FOR A WHILE.Now, since that's out of the way;with 6.4 hours invested in the game over the course of about 2-ish days, these are my thoughts, opinions and overall views of the game as it is now. (Aug 30, 2017)Since it is the main selling point of this game, I'll start with the online functionality.It's iffy right now. The dev team has made it clear that they are working on fixing it, but currently the server issues can cause: Lag, world loading glitches, enemy loading issues (being in a completely clear area then suddenly being surrounded by 5 enemies) respawn issues (respawning with a black screen or not being able to hold F to respawn) and an overall jittery feel to the gameplay, however, about 3 of the hours I spent playing were spent online and I really only had issues when the servers started to crash. again, something they're working on. When the servers are stable, the PVP is fluid, fun and functional, allowing you to befriend strangers and practice or learn new moves. You can also add someone you've met in-game on steam through one of the many altars scattered throughout the world. I recommend doing this if you meet someone who's company you enjoy, asthere is currently no ingame chat functionother than the limited selection of emotes.Many of the reviews I've seen say the fighting in this game is just button mashing and hoping something hits.It's not? at all?while the AI is rather stupid and is generally easy to beat (especially any sort of non-boss AI) the bosses each have a unique fighting style that requires you to adapt by changing things up a bit. YOU WILL DIE multiple times while fighting certain bosses, it's just the game telling you to take a different approach.being able to have fast attacks ready after a dodge is important and certain abilities can turn the tide in your favor in both PVE and PVP.Timing your attacks is especially imporant in PVP, as waiting for a perfect chain will use less stamina and allow you to recover faster overall, the game punishes button mashing in PVP, because if YOU don't even know what you're doing, somebody who DOES will beat you. It's as simple as that.Weapons also spice things up a bit, providing a boost in damage as well as a different set of attacks. drawing a weapon in the middle of a fight can make your approach less predictable, as you can also withdraw your weapon mid-combo, finishing the combo with a different chain of attacks.Pros:A short but sweet singleplayer that teaches you the mechanics quite nicelyLots of secrets and gear for you to discover, rewarding you for going and fighting those guards instead of avoiding them.a very nice soundtrack with fitting music for each fight and new area.Lovely graphics that suit the somewhat cartoony styleFun PVP.Cons:Screwy camera angles when backed into a corner or fighting inside of a few areas.Currently unstable online gameplaya few oddly sloped areas that result in awkward deaths...a somewhat grindy method of learning new moves that punishes you for fleeing from a fightWhat I'd like to see added in the future:Add optional AI to the Meditation-bot that allows it to fight back in a specific way, maybe by being able to set it to the AI of bosses you've beaten?allow larger rewards for winning a fight when it comes to learning new moves; waiting and blocking the same attack for a while to learn it just feels lame if you start doing it late. (Like I did, don't make the same mistakes)More emotes! we could use a Wave, Sit and Point emote and maybe a few dance ones as well?A way to warp between Altars would be nice as well, but I understand why this wouldn't be added.More weapons (though, they've already said they will be adding more in the future)I recommend the game, it's fun, especially the PVP and there are plans for more content to be rolled out throughout the year. However, you might want to wait until the servers are stable which they should be soon."
76561197974001865,Recommended,473690,34719937,Posted: 3 September,all,TinyTarkus,"This game is one of those ""I wish there was a neutral option""-games.While the combat feels great and the idea of your own customizable set of moves is a well thought through breath of fresh air there are still things that just do no make me want to press the ""thumb up"" jet.I am playing the game. I will keep playing it. I still think the game need some work.I will go over the points I find good or bad breefly.First off the PvE is neglectable.The Area right now is pretty small and while I like the art-syle and the how the world is composed, there is not much of exploration to do. In one of the Videos before launt the Devs said it ould take you about half an hour to get from one end of the world to the other. It much rather takes half an hour to have seen everything. Also the world is just littered with random NPC that you fight just as you were fighting in PvP. While this a personal thing, that might not be negative for other people, I personally really did not like fighting multible opponents. The Bosses (3 main 6 mini to date) are nice to fight against, but tbh I had beaten every Boss first try while getting my♥♥♥♥♥handeled by the random NPCs multible times.Minibosses do come with their own helping NPC. Again I did not like fighting multible enemysThe PvE is more like a big totorial.Also the MMO-aspects are just not there at all.Running around the world you will share the map with up to 3 ppl at once. Never more. The world while being nice to look at does not feel alive. It feels dead and empty. Just random ppl standing around to have a fight with.I am jet to play coop at all, because there is just no reason to. So i can not say anything about thatOn the bright side we have the combat-deck you put together for your character.Basically you are having 4 stances in the game. Each stance has 3+1 atack slots. Each atack loops into another stance and can be put together to loop into each other.This is really what made me want to get into the game . I can spend hours to string together my combos. I love the system.The main point of the game is pvping. To date there is only one gammeode (1v1) without ranks.The pvp is fun. It feels satisfying. The response is fast and the controls work fine.The combat-deck makes it so that you never know what atacks the next opponent will have put together and what you are up for.BUT at lest at lower level of play (I'm far from beeing a great player) it boils far too often down to a spamfest and the winner is whoever put together more fast hard to read atacks. This can make fights really dull as all people do is spamming their atackbutton. There are alot of moves which are hard to see where they come from and a whole fighting school to be hard to predict. So at times I find myself unable to get out of a combo with my parry/dodge/absorb. And the opponent keeps spamming the fastest atacks that you can not react to if you are not having at least as fast atacks.Another thing that I HATE is the design of some arenas. There are Small platforms you are fighting on. Falling off means death. There is a quite spammable nova that pushes you a good distance away from the user. You get my point...I thought we would have learned from Froce/WoTG spamming in the Souls games or the godforbid warlord-ledgein in For Honor. But no here we sit and camp ledges again....The game has great potential. I really have high hopes for the game. I really really hope the next patch will bringhten things up and we dont see another For Honor again (great game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ decitions).so far. See you ingame.Personal sidenote: If the ***** heal ability plays the animation without getting off one more goddamn time i'll lose my♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,473690,34717967,Posted: 3 September,all,Ethan Tokes Kronic,"Phenomenal online fighting game. Deep combat system with complete customization behind every combo. Stats gear and weapons all influence damage types, amounts, speed and range. Weapons scale with certain styles AND stat combinations. All moves are learned by seeing them used against you and succesfully evading; the catch is that you must defeat the enemy for it to accumulate. This actually allows for higher tier players to train noobies directly through sparring, passing on their specific moveset. Mix different styles, start a school of martial arts(shortcut to the mentors deck), become known in 1v1 matchmaking; soon to contain 3v3s and other modes.It has a very small open world that is more of a tutorial and gear grinding location, but do not be fooled, the npc's here will beat your♥♥♥♥♥ They have plans to add more PvE content in the future.I highly recommend this game to those who wanted more from for honor.At the moment it seems they have been having some server trouble, fortunately you can grind gear, levels and moves offline.All in all, I believe the game has a lot of potential and the devs have already stated they intend to constantly update the game with new weapons, gear, areas, pvp and pve gamemodes. I am quite excited for the recently announced staff weapon. Now all these props I gave it have got me itching to play, hope to see you ingame!ps You can fight in the Drunken Fist"
,Recommended,473690,34750698,Posted: 4 September,all,Lord Socky,"Incredible combat, beautiful world that tells a story without holding your hand, and a wonderful community.  This game is wonderful to explore with a friend, or to make new friends as you go.  Players seamlessly drop in and out of each other's worlds as they explore, and you were welcome to compete or cooperate as you so desire.  Combat is extremely high skill and your moveset is customizable almost to a fault.  Many playstyles appear to be viable currently, from fast and nimble to heavy slugger, but the meta is far from settling.Servers are currently having problems due to much more demand than anticipated, but they are working on it.  Expect these issues to be resolved in the coming days and a fantastic game to be enjoyed."
76561198036569497,Recommended,473690,34750352,Posted: 4 September,all,bclmaster1,awesome game!
,Not Recommended,473690,34606438,Posted: 30 August,all,Viikatemies,"Game is a bit too restrictive on combat. You build a deck consisting of a 3 hit string which is executed by pressing square/x  you can ""change it up"" by either feinting or pressing triangle/y to do an alternate attack which you can also set up.  Parrying windows are very open so you don't have to worry about timing too much and it seems jabbing is a very viable option since it interrupts most moves and the moves that do counter it cause a reset.  I mean if you are looking for a very grind heavy game that makes you have to choose what attacks you want to use and in a PVP match basically become predictable because they saw your 4 strings then this game is for you."
76561198298156450,Recommended,473690,34886909,Posted: 11 September,all,Igneus,"This game has a great potential, the only question is whether developers will be able to implement it's fully or not. For now it lacks of content, pvp and pve as well, connection is unstable and a lot of bugs. Still, it's unique game with a lot of fun mechanics, which I personally didn't experience before. I say all this from perspective of person, who usually don't like fighting games."
76561197990291060,Not Recommended,473690,34740079,Posted: 4 September,all,The Immortal Iron Fist,"The game is good, at least its skeleton is. Good intentions, well executed combat system but lacks more for its story to be able to hold on its feet for its online mode is almost always not accessible, PvP is Peer 2 peer, which opens up to the worst PvP experience when fighting people who exploit it using tools to limit their connection upload and people with bad connection overall. You'll be frustrated trying to log in at your first try, second try, third try and eventually you'll lose your chance to ask for a refund. You know why? Because you wanted to check the game offline, you tried the combat against bots and ran around looking for the marked ones and boom, 2hours passed. You didnt experience coop, world pvp or 1v1 pvp at all.When they fix, if they fix those problems, i'll change my review. Meanwhile, dont bother.Its a good tip, trust me. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,473690,34740244,Posted: 4 September,all,Teekay,Servers are down far too much for me to enjoy the rest of the game. Low reccomendation until the game is able to hold connection for more then a day.
76561198042658508,Not Recommended,473690,35432944,Posted: 2 October,all,Corverean™,"Summary:I want to recommend this game, I really do, but I won't because it'll not provide enjoyment for those who purchase it at this time. For those of you looking for a 3D Fighting game with stellar balance and enjoyable mechanics, you've come to the right place, except for one exception to that anyway.The Story:You are a prospect from some distant land who has trained to a point where an ambiguous organization offers you a mask which will take you on a journey to a place of miracles. There isn't much else but there's pleanty of lore for you to read and piece together yourself. I actually quite liked the story.The Music:Excellent in all regards. Each track fits the area and the situation, often a somber tune as you fight many foes on your way to enlightenment.The Gameplay:There are a large multitude of attacks to master, each one falling into five categories. You have your standard attacks, with no special attributes other than dealing damage, your dodge attacks which will dodge in one of four directions, you have charge attacks wich can absorb one hit before getting flinched, you have interrupt attacks which will stop charge attacks and have great range but are low damage and slower, and you have guard break attacks wich deal large damage and extra damage against blocks. Slower attacks in general deal more damage against guards than faster attacks, so spamming is discouraged. When attacking you can time your attack to attack faster, hit harder, and consume less stamina. You can also faint attacks, canceling your previous attack and disabling the timed attack. There are four styles: Khalt, Forsaken, Windfall, and Stagger. Khalt style allows you to ignore the flinch of an attack and restores stamina if you time it correctly. Windfall allows you to dodge enemy attacks in four directions which will restore stamina and drain the enemy's stamina. And Stagger style allows you to dodge and attack at the same time, albeit with low damage. All in all, fairly balanced these styles. And then there is the counter-intuitive implementation of Forsaken style. Forsaken style allows you to parry attacks, that is to completely block an attack and stun an enemy allowing you to counter with a majority of the moves in the game, if you miss the parry you can dodge backwards to nullify any possibility of being punished, and stays out long enough that if you parry before an attack is thrown, it'll hit the parry. This allows people using Forsaken to simply make it a long battle of attrition only parrying slow moves and constantly blocking otherwise. Since there is no round timer Forsaken players can do this for an infinite amount of time, while matches otherwise with nobody using forsaken take about three minutes.The Netcode:It's surprisingly good, although on occasion you may have a bit of lag, that is very much in the minority of your experiences. And the devs are actively developing the netcode aswell.Conclusion:It's an incredibly enjoyable game, until you get to rank of greater than 60, where nearly every fight is the Forsaken battle of attrition since everyone who isn't garbage knows how to parry all of the moves on either prediction or reaction. Although when none of the combatants are using Forsaken is where this game shines, then it's a fast paced battle of skill and memorization of your opponent's deck and mastery of your own deck.Reminder:Surprisingly enough this is my opinion, don't stop yourself from looking up gameplay. However if you do decide to purchase the game please read some of the discussions discussing Forsaken first."
,Recommended,473690,34726809,Posted: 3 September,all,Storm,"I'm a part of the Dark Souls community who has been migrating to different games since the end of the series. I came across this game and liked the idea of a customizable moveset, but didn't really know what to exppect from it. I can now say that the base mechanics of this game are fantastic, and the many ones one can choose from will keep players experimenting with different combos for a long while. As of 9/3/17, there are many bugs that I have come across, such as invisible players, falling through the floor, etc. I expect these to be ironed out in the next few weeks, but it shows this game is not without its problems. The story is also very very short, and there isnt much content. However, with the incredible base gameplay, and free updates coming soon, I am very excited to see what this game will become in the future. I am thoroughly enjoying what it has now. I just hope the the new updates will be fruitful enough to keep the game alive.EDIT 10/3/17I've seen a lot of negative reviews about this game, but im glad that every one I've come across is fair and constructive. The game has a lot of server issues for a lot of people, and i was affected by this on launch. This is propably because sloclap was not ready for how many people were playing by launch day. It was very hyped up from primarily twitch streamers and dark souls/for honor players, and they didn't have enough servers up for everyone to connect. They are still working on this, but it is great to see that they are taking community feedback to heart. I think a lot of people don't realize that this is basically an early access title, but doesn't say it is. Pretty sure thats because devolver hates early access, hence their little earliest access parody in their e3 show.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqPT9hyPANsAnyway, I'm still recommending this title because everything above still applies, and they are adding new content all the time. Whether its worth it or not now is debatable, but it certainly will be in the future."
,Not Recommended,473690,34758670,Posted: 5 September,all,Mattborges1,"I'm not good with reviews but I'll give it a go.I'd rather give this game a neutral review, rather than a negative one, but since I don't have this option I'm sticking to the negative (which I hope to change).PROS:- The gameplay is very fluid and easy to understand.- The game runs well. I haven't experienced any problems performance-wise (NOT TALKING ABOUT THE SERVERS).- The fighting system is refreshing and every player you fight will probably have a completely different moveset than the ones before. This makes every fight feel exciting and a enjoyable.- The art style of this game is neat, simple and really beautiful.CONS:- My major problem here are the servers. They are region locked and the stability is abysmal. Sometimes you are synced with a player that will make your game totally unplayable due to insane lag, even if you are not playing co-op. NPCs will start teleporting like the Nightcrawler X-man, and they will start hitting you from afar. You won't be able to parry/block/evade/dodge properly because your timing will always be off.If you try combat trials and the other player makes you lag, well, prepare yourself for a frustrating whooping.I'm from Brazil and I tried playing this game with a friend who also lives here and it was impossible because the constant lagging. When I tried playing with a friend from North America, the lag was not really that bad.- The story is way to short and it ends abruptly.- There's no way to discard loot, so you will end up with an inventory that you can't sort out, full of duplicate itens and at the moment there's nothing you can do about it. Some of the items have identical names and description, but they will some will have different color, better condition and slightly better or worst stats. The only way you can know the difference is by comparing each one while going through that mess your inventory has become.This game got many things right, but ends up giving you the impression that you're playing an early-access game that didn't reach it's full potential yet... the only problem is that it's not really in early-access.I hope the developers will do more for this game. I hope they will implement more things into it.I hope I can change my review."
,Recommended,473690,34593046,Posted: 29 August,all,Valette,It's aight
,Recommended,473690,34593800,Posted: 29 August,all,Cartwright,"One of the best combat systems I've ever used... This game is a pleasure to play and I feel extremely badass when fighting.I would write more... but honestly I just want to fight more dudes, and learn new moves."
76561198413042882,Not Recommended,473690,34607599,Posted: 30 August,all,DidiJaja,Help! Why does the game shuts off automatically? I have a I specs on my PC. Please help me! I want to play to this game badly!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,473690,34607163,Posted: 30 August,all,Morkys_streamland,"I'm not even going to bother writing positive points for this game. Be warned, salt ahead.The multiplayer is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke. P2P in Australia? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me? Was nobody ♥♥♥♥ing paying attention when For Honor flopped?Seriously. If there is ONE other person in my zone the game is unplayable, even NPC enemies are impossible to beat, and you are 'happy with where multiplayer is now'???""b-but there is an offline mode"" I can hear some of you say. If 60% of your game content is multiplayer focused, you really really should make sure youve got some ♥♥♥♥ing dedicated servers.I might re-purchase and edit my review if the game is ever fixed."
,Not Recommended,473690,34607392,Posted: 30 August,all,sup_g,"INCLUDE AN AUSTRALIAN REGION OR DECREASE THE LAG SOME HOW WTF LOL. MY KICKS GO THROUGH PEOPLE IN 1V1 AND THEY BEAT ME UP WHILE TELEPORTING EVERYWHERE. FIX IT AND I WILL PLAY THIS FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE. IF NOT, ENJOY THE DEAD GAME."
,Not Recommended,473690,34607814,Posted: 30 August,all,ZULU AFRICAAN WARRIOR,it is good but after putting 6 hours in to one save and just have it forget after one hard crash that is not my fault i cannot recomend this to enyone who cares for progress -_-
76561198147316488,Recommended,473690,34903172,Posted: 12 September,all,mattqwe1,Really fun game but right now really buggy or that maybe cause of my graphics but all around a good game
76561198085189433,Recommended,473690,35506176,Posted: 5 October,all,Azeal,Combat system is outstanding
76561198044154590,Not Recommended,473690,34630909,Posted: 31 August,all,Grubios,Dog♥♥♥♥♥♥game get some ♥♥♥♥ing Oceanic servers for ♥♥♥♥ sake.First update came through... still no oceanic servers...Wouldn't suggest buying this game until they come through with what they've promised. A 2 hour solo pve game ain't worth the cost of this game no matter how good the combat is. PVP is literally unplayable because of the lag. I'd prefer P2P connection over the trash servers you're currently making anyone that would be using the Oceanic servers use.
76561198025897458,Recommended,473690,34714374,Posted: 3 September,all,Kreon,It's good.
76561197989399073,Not Recommended,473690,34605786,Posted: 30 August,all,The Tęa Mastęr,"The Game is good to buy for15€. Anythink else is aRip Off!Why?Because the Gameonly feature the tutorial Island in itand thatsallthere is!It seems like the Devs where working on a fun game butjust quit after the first part of it.You do the introducing quest to the game and get resetet to the beginning. When you think: ""Ok tutorial done, lets start the real thing.""... But there is no real thing,the tutorial is the hole gamebeside the PvP.Wait till it's 15 bucks or less and your good.Don't ever think of getting it for more anddon't support unfinished gameslike these!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34592839,Posted: 29 August,all,Miss Fu'Miga,"The game is fun and inovative. Melee-only punch style game that rewards you in a weird zen-like experience.Anyway it grows old too soon, it gives you the feeling there is a lot that was left out of the game and honestly it does not reward you enough for the price it has.EDIT: A couple of tries farther... Which Steam had refunds, even partial ones would be good... Just want to forget I spent so much money on this"
,Not Recommended,473690,34738958,Posted: 4 September,all,N7KOTE,until the lag in the game is fixed - there will be a minus._________________________пока не починят лаги в сетевой игре - будет стоять минус.
,Not Recommended,473690,34617332,Posted: 30 August,all,karbine,-Unplayable with controller despite it working fine in all other games-Horrible controls-Servers would never connect-Bosses are way too hard-You get ganked at every corner and you can't do anything-Basic enemies can take almost 100 hits to kill.. now imagine fighting multiple ones.
,Recommended,473690,34750989,Posted: 4 September,all,Men Cleopatrick,good memesbad servers and cant chatbut the rest is good memesi love how you can get past the loading screen without crashing and you dont need a buff computer too run
,Not Recommended,473690,34630745,Posted: 31 August,all,MAGUUMA MAGUUMA MAGUUMA,this game sucks
76561198119878663,Not Recommended,473690,34589981,Posted: 29 August,all,AllFoursTheBear,Ill change my rating if they fix these garbage servers
,Not Recommended,473690,34597539,Posted: 29 August,all,☽DANKEY KANG☾,Servers are down guess ill play single player PvE today...Oh after 4 hours i have exhausted all the game's content?Better try some PvP... Server's are still down.I really expected a loot filled open world game with some quests. But really its just a few items scattered in a tiny world with one mission that takes ~3 hours.
76561198045234623,Not Recommended,473690,34702541,Posted: 2 September,all,Pickle Rick,I spent 25 hours in this Game. log on to find my account GONE. 25 hours gone. untill my save comes back this is going to be a negative review
,Not Recommended,473690,34711321,Posted: 3 September,all,Nuckalovski,"Glitchy as ♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection in Australia. Worth on a sale, definitely not full price"
76561198054734183,Not Recommended,473690,34717240,Posted: 3 September,all,Emperor Eclair,"I cannot recommend the game in its current state. While the game is fun, very fun, incredibly absolutely fun, server issues and bugs are very prevalent. You can mess around with the world offline, but the AI isn't terribly smart. If they fix the issues the game currently has it will be amazing, but it's hard to say whether those fixes will come in time."
,Not Recommended,473690,34645561,Posted: 31 August,all,Mortem,"I really Really want to give this game a Thumbs up and recommend it.. but I can't.. I see allot reviews praising it simply for being diffrent.. But also reviews hammering it down as the worst game ever simply cause of some flaws or some desynch.What Is absolver? Well it's kinda like Dark souls, But It's kinda not.. It's kinda like For Honor.. But It's kinda not.. In idea It's an open world MMO fighting game. But It's kinda still not.. Easiest way of explaining it to explain how i went through it.You get some slight story aspect and sent in to this world as a Prospect, a guy with a mask that knows fighting. pretty much it. Then you get to a what could be called the Firelink shrine or whatever where you see a giant stone tablet or statue with a bunch of glowing lights on it. Each light represent a marked one which is a boss or well a special named AI fighter that you need to find and kill. Each one of them gives you a new abillity, Finding them can be confusing as there's hardly anything explaining well anything to you. There's also boss scenarios that you are forced to do solo that look like Glowing mist in specific locations that you interact with. Get a cutscene then fight a boss scenario.  Add that there are schools which actually are either player made or a specific stagger fighting style school that you can find and join. Thos schools can be leveld up by doing pvp in 1v1.. So far I not unlocked anything but 1v1..  And you learn new fighting moves by parrying them, avoiding them or blocking them. So spamming attacks may win a few fights but you won't learn anything new by doing it.That's all you do in this game... The overall story can be completed in around maybe 3-5 hours or faster if you sprint past all no named bad guys and use a group to gangbang the bosses..  As the Solo bosses are pretty easy to just hit, step back. Hit. Step back and keep doing so until you win.  The only thing that feels like it require any skills if you try to take on big groups of enemies alone or if you do pvp.. The game really has a lack of content. Sure It's not that expensive but It's a problem for me.What do I like? The fighting is amasing, The combat is fluid it feels very skillbased and there's allot of moves and combos you can set up and learn to really perfect yourself. Pvp is fun but allot of the arenas are instakill ring out and you learn a shockwave move that pushes people off very early. And It makes it feel very cheap when that happens.I finished the game in a few hours, but i spent allot of time just grinding pvp to get better moves. So if your coming for PVE and story.. Hold your money it won't last you long. Even Division had better and more PVE content. But if your a guy that don't mind jumping in to matches like in For honor and just do 1v1 or 3v3 over and over.. Then maybe you love this game.But Cause It's so short, the world feels very small. It's very confusing where to go and what to do.. The world is full of details but you can't interact with anything, There's not that many customise items and options, And pvp is pretty much a Rock paper scissor on who pushes who off the ledges.. And I can see pvp getting very repedetiv quick.. Cause of that. i will not recommend it."
,Recommended,473690,34733428,Posted: 4 September,all,ShrimpDawgy227,"[NOTE: This is a really in-depth review. If you want to see a TLDR version, I suggest you look elsewhere.]You can see that I do recommend this game... but not in its current state.Before you read any further, it is confirmed that the developer is in fact creating more content for the game free of charge... I recommend you buy this game when they do release that new content.That being said, lets get into what makes this game good, and what makes it so bad that I can't recommend it in this state.[SPOILERS AHEAD]----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- StoryAbsolvers is amazing... for the first 5-10 hours at least. Let me explain.You start out creating your ""Prospect"" and that Prospect being chosen to undergo a trial for him/her to become an ""Absolver"" which is basically a peacekeeping force. To start your trial, you are sent to the Plains of Adal in order to train to becoming an Absolver. In order to become an Absolver though, you must defeat 9 bosses in total, with 2 extra bosses in the world that you can fight. The premise sounds AMAZING, but where do they go from there? Thats the problem...Absolvers has a great premise, but the plot is non existant. I see people compare this to Dark Souls and Bloodbourne in terms of plot, but with those games it is more vauge and mysterious, and yoou can find clues of said story littered through the land as you defeat and kill monsters. In Absolvers though, it is more of an incomplete story. The premise is there, you know what you are supposed to do, but the plot (which is the main driving force for this game) is nowhere to be found.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Art Style and Open WorldAbsolvers is beautiful. There is no doubt about that. Sometimes I would just stare in awe and forget that I was playing a videogame and not staring at a watercolor painting.As I stated earlier, Absolvers is located in the Plains of Adal. For the first few hours, you are exploring the cast and varried world. From an old barn, to a swamp/marsh, to a large tower, the locations in Absolver are breathtaking... But that doesn't mean that the open world is 100% great. For an open world, the world feels small, and I can't help thinking of the term ""sandbox"" which I think is more appropriate.The Plains of Adal is densely populated however, alongside the 11 bosses, there are what is called the ""Lost Prospects."" I don't know much about them, except for the fact that they will whoop your♥♥♥♥♥if you are not careful, so be warned.Loot can also be found within the open world, dropping from Lost Prospects, or stone structures called ""Cairns."" There are many different styles of clothing that you can equip, but I will save that for the Customization section.Other players are seamlessly integrated into the world as well, as other Prospectss share the same goal as you in becoming an Absolver. The cool thing about it is that you can challenge them to duels, or even invite them to co'op with you in order to progress through the world. From what I have noticed so far, the more populated an area is with Prospects, the higher the number of Lost Prospects and even the bosses will have people helping. if you see this and there are people around, I highly recommend getting help from one of the other Prospects in the area.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- CombatThis is where the main bulk of the content for Absolvers comes in. When you create your Prospect, aside from changing their hairstyle and skin/hair color, you can also choose from one of three styles. Each style has a defense mechanism, which I will explain more of later.The first style is known as the Khalt Style and it is the easiest of the three to play, but arguably the least powerful one. It has more of a focus towards the Strength and Vitality stats (which I will get to later as well.) The special defensive ability for the Khalt Style is called ""Absorb."" This ability is able to absorb the impact of any blow, and if they are able to hit their opponent after absorbing the impact, they gain health back. (Note: When you are hit when absorbing attacks, you still take damage, but you will basically be CC immune to moves.) It reminds me more of a brawler type combat style.The second style is known as Windfall, and is the intermediate style, but it is very powerful. It has a focus on the Dexterity stat. The special defensive ability of this style is known as ""Avoid."" Like the name implies, you can avoid the attacks of any player, and if an attack is successfully avoided, you slow down your opponent for a short amount of time. It is reminicent of a traditional Asian martial art.The third style is known as Forsaken, and is the most difficult style to master, and is very powerful as well. It is mainly balanced, but has a slight shift to the Strength stat. The special defensive ability of this class is known as ""Parry."" Using parry on an opponents attacks  stops it completely, opening them up to attakcs. It is reminicent of a kickboxing style.Using your special defensive ability successfully grants stamina (which is used to perform combos and block attacks) and fills what is called ""Tension Shards."" These tension shards are VERY useful to combat, as they allow you to use special powers that are unlocked when you defeat some of the bosses (6 of them drop these abilities... it will be very apparent who these 6 are if you get into the game.) These abilities range from slowing down your opponent, healing yourself every time you hit an opponent, and my personal favorite; the aoe knockback. Each ability uses a certain number of shards, but again it can be refilled by blocking, dodging, and successful defense ability usage.Once you have chosen your style, you can go out into the world and beat people up. But that is not all. Progressing naturally through the game, you will notice a progress meter for a photo every time you dodge, block, or use your special defensive ability successfully. This means that you are learning a move. You can learn any move regardless if it is from the style that you chose or not.Moves that you learn or have is put into what is called your ""Combat Deck,"" which is essentially your moveset... yes, you can make your own moveset from the moves that you learn. Amazing. Different moves have different stats such as reach, strength, and speed, but also note that each move can be futher categorized into high, mid, and low attacks. The list goes on, as there are Charge moves, which allow you to get hit once and still perform your move, there are Breaker attacks, which are attacks which instatly break chargers, and what I call ""Dodge"" attacks, in where if you perform them, you can dodge a specific type of move. (For example, performing a sweep is counted as a low hit, and it avoids overhead attacks.) There are many move that I have yet to encounter, and I am still learning the intracacies of the moves that I have.(Note however, that while you do progress from dodging, blocking, or using your special defense ability, you lose all of that progress if you lose the fight or run away...)Putting those moves into your combat deck requires a lot of thought. Combat decks have a total of four stances which you can switch to freely. Each stance allows you to perform different combos. However, you can also equip ""Alternate Moves"" which you can perform mid-combo to switch your stance and continue the combo.The possibilities with costomizing your deck are almost endless, and you will be hardpressed to find somebody with the exact same deck... that is unless they are part of the same school.(I would love to continue, but I reached the word limit...) Damn..."
76561198125905936,Recommended,473690,34727131,Posted: 3 September,all,Mr. Blonde,"Dodge, duck, dip, dive, and die.Welcome to the place where the NPC's are harder than the main boss.11/10 would buy this cyclicle hell simulator again."
76561198093718861,Not Recommended,473690,34627427,Posted: 30 August,all,exoPsychologist,"(SEA Player. Not OCE)Cons before Pros----Cons arranged from pressing to petty1. It's an online multiplayer focused game. I'm getting terrible lag issues from roaming the map as well as playing the PVP mode. This is where the brunt of your time should be spent and I keep getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me because of my inability to react or even see my enemy's attacks. If you're living anywhere where the Absolver servers are NOT, then please wait until some pop up before buying this game. (This is an isolated incident; I can play Overwatch and MOBA's just fine)2. You can get permanently stuck in loading screens when accessing some online features or even loading the game. I'm not sure if this is tied with the bad lag that I experience.3. The offline features are very lacking. Again, it's a multiplayer-focused game.4. The lore is very unrefined. The game leaves you with a lot of questions and provides nearly zero answers for it.5. Inability to redistribute stats because I only learned how much each of the numbers mattered after downing about ten of them in the wrong place.6. Fashion is very limited. I need to be able to change my hairstyle at least, right? We all know how much fashion matters for endgaming lol.7. Very poor incentive to explore the world.----Pros arranged from amazing to eh1. Combat feels very fluid and seamless. Very satisfying sounds were put into the game to give each attack impact.2. The combat deck seemed daunting at first, but when understood was very fun to tinker around, especially when new moves are learned.2. Visuals are very ~*aesthetic*~ and give a very nice sense of wonder to the world. It's a unique art style and it's very refreshing to the eyes.3. Technique-learning system is fun and new.4. Enemy AI is challenging and keeps me on my toes.----Overall: I closely followed this game since last year, and after buying it, decided that I wanted to invest a lot of time in a very promising game. However, as much as I want to love it, the game is pushing me back with bad server issues and not much incentive to keep playing without it. Will update this post if (personally) my internet problems are solved. Will also be keeping an eye out for more updates on the dev team addressing this issue on a wide scale."
76561198009040292,Not Recommended,473690,34742681,Posted: 4 September,all,Rodge,"I wouldn't recommend it.+Decent combat+Feels and looks great+Deckbuilding is fun- PVP ends up with quite spammy with fast attacks due to low stamina drain, connectivity/lag issues and very quick attacks that hit in an area the attacker causing dodges to be very unreliable- Stamina recovery is too quick, thus enabling the spam mentioned above- Stats softcap at 15/20, thus every player you'll see will have close to the exact same stats at L60- Only 4 schools. There were 3 in alpha testing and it was said there'd be more schools at release. They weren't lying, but damm if only one more addition wasn't a disappointment- Completing the extremely short game leaves you confused until you realise the rest of the game is all about gathering the remaining moves from NPCs and kneeling in front of a stone configuring your deck and waiting in a que for 1v1 since that's the only option you have- No reque option after your opponent leaves the match. Really? You're forced to go back to your lovely little rock and requeue.- Very wonky connectivity. Maybe they should have launched it as a EA instead since that's basically what it runs and feels like?"
76561198064475058,Recommended,473690,34742619,Posted: 4 September,all,quebstion_mark,"First off I'd like to say that while this game is VERY good, the servers are pretty much constantly down and offline. They're working on a fix for it so if you're patient and are ok with playing offline through the PvE for a while until the servers finally pop up then yeah I think you should buy this now, especially since it would support the efforts towards fixing these server issues.Now about the game:(I haven't experienced actual PvP matches yet but I have fought against others in the open world PvE mode.)Pros:-Combat is satisfying for both the attacker and the defender-Weight of your armor actually matters and going full naked is a viable strategy-Lots of customization in terms of attack decks and equipment, as well as stat points, level ups, and special powers that charge up during combat-The deck system is like a puzzle game on its own - essentially, there are 4 stances and each stance can have 2 or more normal attacks and an alternative attacks. The final attack (either the alternative or the last in the normal ones) will switch your stance, which varies per attack. This allows you to chain together stances so that you can flow attack sequences together, bound only by your stamina bar. It's really hard to explain in words, which is why the game doesn't USE words.-Visuals are great and controls felt super-tight-Story is vague but interesting, however I do wish that they would expand on it a bit more as the PvE/story mode section is very short (3-5 hours if you know where to go) and the story is hardly mentioned.-You learn new moves by being attacked, blocking, or using your style's special ability against a move. It's a really smart and clever system that rewards cooperation between the lower and higher level players, as high level players can sort of ""mentor"" lower level players and allow them to fight against new moves to learn them.-During the PvE mode, you can have random encounters with other players, and the game has built in features for dueling and coop in these encountersCons-Server issues obviously, however this will most likely change sometime soon. It's essentially a single player game at the moment unless you get lucky and manage to be on when the servers come back.-PvE section is really fun but it needs more, a lot more.-PvP is the main meat of the game but there's only a 1v1 mode atm so it's also a bit lacking.-Getting ganged up on by 3 or more enemies is pretty commonplace in the PvE mode and while it's still possible to win against this, it's really really tedious to actually play it safe.Overall yeah I think you should buy Absolver. Server issues aside there's a really good game here, so good luck to the dev team in fixing these issues."
76561198180687130,Not Recommended,473690,34699877,Posted: 2 September,all,Elsonnico,"The game server is worst, I'm keep getting net lag even on 1vs1 match. However the gameplay is not bad at all, the battle skills is great, FPS smooth. Kongfu fighting ftw. The server ruin the great game.I paid for this sh*t, so please be responsible to fix this up ASAP! Btw I'm from s.asia."
76561198257762816,Not Recommended,473690,34770190,Posted: 5 September,all,Dande,"This game would be really good, good fighting mechanics, balanced styles and movesets, decent small open world but...Constant server issues and rubberbanding makes it so I mostly play offline mode this is simply not acceptable in a PvP fighting game, also some map designs for pvp seem that they are not thought out aswell I like dangerous maps where you fight near the ledges but atleast disable abilities in such maps who in their right mind thought having an AeO push and such maps will go well together.Long story short, fix the damn servers. I would give a positive review, but this is the one thing that you shouldn't fail in and you failed at it."
,Recommended,473690,34906916,Posted: 12 September,all,jest,"3d fighter + Dark Souls + a bit of Pokemon (travelling around to capture new moves).Instant PVP queues.Very accessible, as you can focus on coop/PVE until you have most moves.Combat is enjoyable, where mixups, spacing, and mindgames are all-important - though unlike other fighters, you have way more health here and there are no true combos (every attack landed is a mixup), and sparring/rematches are completely hassle free (just help your opponent back on their feet).Every move has several counters designed to defeat them eg. duck attacks beat jabs, jump attacks can beat sweeps, sweeps beat evades, charge attacks beat single hits, etc. If you're getting wrecked by someone doing the same moves over and over, it simply means you having gaping holes in your deck or your overall strategy - It's up to you to learn and adapt. Figuring out what you're doing wrong, designing your own deck/fighting style, adapting to shifting metas, is a game in itself which many find enjoyable.Very nice, I like"
,Recommended,473690,34965252,Posted: 14 September,all,Krishna,"Love this game, the gameplay mechanics are flawless, imo the only thing lacking is better server quality and we definitely need more PVE content, but apart from that this is a great game which I definitely recommend you should try."
76561198007262287,Not Recommended,473690,34646437,Posted: 31 August,all,Wrath,"This game is pretty cool but after a few hours it becomes so repetitive it becomes boring beyond tears... There is limited progression and the fact that the developer lacks the intelligence to expand the network so people can play during peak hours confounds me.  You would think they would gauge sales and plan appropriately.  Anyway, if you like repetition to the point of nauseum this is the game for you.  If you like sitting down to a game after dinner, you know 6 pm est or later and not being able to get online then again... this is the game for you.  If you do not have a job and can afford to chill at your house before 6 pm then you might just get to enjoy this game!"
76561198038018552,Not Recommended,473690,34623834,Posted: 30 August,all,piecewise66,"Eh. The combat feels weird, unresponsive and overall generally boring or misused.  Its got a dodge button, which is useless because it moves you like a foot and a half and has no i frames. It has a school dependant defensive move that you have to both react at the right time and the right direction with or you get hit. Which is a lot to ask, especially when moves sometimes hit odd ""areas"" that you wouldn't expect. But it is made useless by the fact that they keep forcing you to fight 2 or 3 enemies at a time. I can't really concentrate on reading an opponent when another enemy is circling round behind me. Whats worse is even if I perfectly defend against the one opponent, I can still easily get hit and stunlocked by the other guy. It just doesn't feel like a system set up to handle multiple enemies, yet they keep doing it.What this all means is that you'll generally be fighting in the safest yet most boring fashion. Don't dodge, don't counter or parry or whatever. Hold block and equip attacks that are as fast as possible. Then block their combo and boop them on the nose. Do that. Over and over and over again while wandering through boring environments and fighting the same masked hobos over and over and over. I just fought a boss (Two enemies at once, of course) and it was literally ten minutes of block and boop because anytime I tried to get fancy I'd get slapped out of it and combo'd for half my health.I dunno. Maybe its fun in multiplayer? But the story mode just seems half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and the combat really doesn't work very well in it."
,Recommended,473690,34584741,Posted: 29 August,all,Charger1968,"Absolver is a short, open-ended martial arts fighting game with an emphasis on PvP encountersPersonally this is one of, if not, the greatest multiplayer game I've ever playedProsSeamless co-op/pvpComplex deck building that makes senseThere is no ""most powerful deck"" so all decks are viableThe combat is fluid and moves flow really well with each otherLots of customization optionsThe world and atmosphere are amazingLots of hidden lore told through item descriptionsa la Dark SoulsThe way you learn moves is geniusThere's a reasonable degree of difficulty and a somewhat high skill capPlayers can make a join schools to learn or teach one of the 4 stylesThe devs are definitely making steps in the right direction seeing as the first 3 updates of the game were made to fix server stabilityConsFirst and foremost, navigating the world has been the single most frustrating thing so far.The world is so maze-like and most interconnected paths dont make sense at allI even had to google where to find the Sixth Marked One since I didn't even see that there was a hole underneath a staircase to drop down a fight himThe map they have that shows at altars and Guidance Bridge sucksThe soundtrack is very uninvolved and forgettable and is really really loud whenever it does decide to play which is usually in a boss fight or a fight with a Marked OneDepending on your style your defensive options are limited when going against certain decksWhat I mean is if you are playing Stagger you are going to have a tough time using Stagger's defensive options against a deck that utilizes quick attacks in rapid successionWindfall struggles against horizontal attack decksForsaken can be beat by any deck as long as the opponent knows how and when to feintand Kahlt wont do any good against decks with hard hitting moves or break movesThe PvE content is very short. It took me 12 hours to beat it and most of that time was doing Combat Trials (PvP). This isnt a major problem though since the game is based on PvP/Co-op and it becomes less of a problem later because they do plan on adding more PvE contenthopefully for freeConclusionAbsolver is amazing and im very glad the game lived up to the hype. Sloclap has done an amazing job delivering a truly unique fighting game to the table. I'll admit I was very skeptical at first since ambitious indie titles like this seem to become massive failuresNo Man's Skybut my skepticism waned a little when I found out Devolver was the publisher. Devolver Digital are good people. Also stop please calling this game a souls-like"
,Recommended,473690,34633591,Posted: 31 August,all,Nox,"This is a very solid practical fighting game with lots of pvp and accidental interaction.If you were the type to do a lot of pvp in dark souls, you might really like it.  It has secondary gameplay elements that are social, such as making good fighting decks and teaching those to your students as a 'school'At its core this is a 'more realistic' virtua fighter-ish game with heavy rpg elements.  It works for me, but it's clearly not for everyone."
,Not Recommended,473690,34586388,Posted: 29 August,all,biei,1 hour after release you meet your first 35lvl opponent. Why pre release owners are not wiped ?  Do not buy this crap in any way.
76561197983414381,Recommended,473690,34804461,Posted: 7 September,all,daveglhf,A deeply engaging 1v1 fighting game that will for some reason force you to fight 2+ opponents.
,Recommended,473690,34806301,Posted: 7 September,all,BMan,"Pros:Well made PvP battle system.It is close to ""Blade Symphony"" in style.(Not a player of ""For Honor"", not sure if they are similar.)It also tastes like FTG, in the following sense.You have to regonize and guess the pattern of your opponent and work against it.However, unlike FTG, the moveset of your character is designed by yourself.In other words, you have to prepare for different scanerios when you set up your moveset.Cons:Don't expect an epic story or whatsoever, only game play shines for this one.The system does not fit well with 1 vs n (n>1).You can only walk around to avoid fighting multiple opponents at the same time.Like other multi-player game, when it lags it really sucks.It is kind of grinding to unlock new moves."
,Not Recommended,473690,34724105,Posted: 3 September,all,Deputy Fuckface,"The complete dominance of fast attacks and complete inviability of slow strong attacks is sad to see. A terrible fighting game mechanics wise. It fails at trying to be dark souls, the inventory is something out of a high school cs project (you jsut infitely gain more random items - no discarding, combining, upgrading, anything.) More than half the moves in the game are worthless intrinsically, as there are other faster, stronger moves in the same slot often. I'm most sad, again, at how pathetically tested the fighting system must have been to allow such unfun play. If I have a fast deck I spam m1 and the enemy can never respond. If I go a slow deck I lose to whoever's faster. And fix parrying for god's sake."
76561198100742529,Not Recommended,473690,34797213,Posted: 7 September,all,Kawaii Killer,I really enjoy playing it but the lag is still a big problem when combating
76561198107968586,Not Recommended,473690,34783218,Posted: 6 September,all,Tai Long-Finger,the game is good but riddled with bugs so don't buy until its been patched
,Recommended,473690,34723006,Posted: 3 September,all,The Shekel Collector 9000,"Absolver is a fluid, martial arts inspired, non-linear, semi-open world figting game. It has a complex system of attacks and skills that can be polished to perfection with regular practice and a simple, but effective gear system. But more importantly this is the best looking game you will ever play. The beatifully stylised graphics leads to an experience to be reckoned with. The art style and art design is pitch perfect and the stunning enviroment design seals the deal.This game takes the idea of game and runs with it, there is little in the way of detailed exposition, and nothing that is explained to you feels forced. The fact that for some of the more complex concepts in the game you must work to understand them really makes this game feel rewarding.There is no mini map in this game, just one large map that can only be obsered occasionally, this means you must explore the game in detail and learn your enviroments. This means that after only a short time you have come to learn the world around you, a process which is often hindered by mini-maps and waypoints.All of this combined leads to a game where you really have to learn, like a martial art, and that makes this game one of the most rewarding you'll ever play. Practicing a new trick or combo until you get it right in the practice zone rewards you with a real, tangible skill which you can aply to your gameplay experience.The story is a bit vague and shallow, but the game makes up for this with expertly crafted atmosphere. Also due to the absolute non-linearity of the game, the story is forced to be unintrusive. SO, if you're looking for a story driven experience, this game doesn't really supply this. However, the game does form a story, through your unique journey.The game is, in terms of completing the story, very short but the rich and immersive gameplay outside of that is far more expansive.So, in terms of ratings:Art: 5/5 - Spectacular and breathtaking at timesMusic: 3/5 - Fits the game well enoughGameplay: 4/5 - Unique and immersiveMultiplayer: 3/5 - Interesting but underdevelopedCo-op: 4/5 - Fun with friendsRequirements: 3/5 - Quite heavyLength: 3/5 - ShortFunctionality: 2/5 - Often buggyPersonal enjoyment: 5/5 - Loved itEnviroments: 5/5 - GreatTl;drTotal Score: 37/50 - A unique gameplay experience with brilliant art design, interesting combat and spectacular enviroments."
76561198285292794,Recommended,473690,34699072,Posted: 2 September,all,Vulpes,"Although this is fun to play, with a middly easy to get combat an level up system, and so far no players that just kill any other person they come across, there are still quite a few technical issues like lag (even on lowest settings) randomly being tabbed out, the character not being able to move, or screen just going black with sound still there.I was looking forward to getting stuck in, but havent been able to so far. Hopefully with some fixes. One thing I would love though is access to a mini map (not just at the alters) or possiblye even quick movemnt between each alter point.Reccomended for the gameplay I have had so far, hoping for improvements to come."
76561197990283842,Recommended,473690,34724296,Posted: 3 September,all,Decipher,"Absolver is a meditative martial arts brawler that removes the flash, spectacle, and 12 fingered button combos of most fighting games. In their place, Absolver offers a fluid, rhythmic combat system that rewards tenacity, study, and exploration. Building and experimenting is key. Seek opponents. Learn their secrets, then defeat them.Pros:- Gorgeous, deep combat system- Lovely graphics. Runs great on my two year old PC.- Aesthetically pleasing in both style and motion.- Interesting gear system.- Mouse and keyboard works great!- Challenging NPC Boss fights.Cons:- Small, somewhat linear world.- No alternative activities outside fight, learn, loot, repeat.- Difficult to communicate with other players.Tip: Play your early levels in offline mode to get a feel for the game."
76561198074617415,Recommended,473690,34605670,Posted: 30 August,all,The Baby Catapult,"Very very fun game. Played very little and can already tell that is going to be great in the late game. First pvp match was super intense. If you like beating the crap out of randoms online, this is the game for you."
76561198059249949,Recommended,473690,34605673,Posted: 30 August,all,AlienXtream,"first and fore most, this game isnt for everyone. its an open world PvP game (with some NPC's to fight for leveling) that focuses heavly on melee and close quaters combat. the combat system feels very responsive once you understand it but can feel somewhat hap hazzard at first while you fumble around learning the game. moves and combo chains are baised of of stances more than ""heavy, light, fast etc..."" and as such has a very natural feel to it.its graphics, while typical of todays games, has its own charm to it thanks to its art style. to me it gives the impression that you are within a painting or some sort of painted world.the online needs a bit of work however as the player is often warped around sparadicly when ping drops and it can make it almost impossible to play online. im sure all of these networking issues will be resolved and ironed out as optimizations are made to the multyplayer aspect and for those who are affected worst of all the singleplayer portion is still a fun experience all on its own.overall, if you are a fan of fighting games like Mortal Kombat and Injustice then i would highly recomend you give this game a chance."
76561198145376357,Recommended,473690,34875443,Posted: 10 September,all,MiniTurtle,its ok
,Recommended,473690,34596861,Posted: 29 August,all,Kamahashi Uzumaki,"THE MOST FUN JET LI, jACKIE CHAN iP MAN KUNG FU GAME I'LL EVER PLAY IN MY LIFE IM IN LOVE AND WILL NEVER FALL OUT OF IT1000000/10"
,Recommended,473690,34585134,Posted: 29 August,all,Boom Boom Pow Po,"Bought it for 10£, it worth its price. If you are considering to buy this game, i think you should give it a try."
76561198066593047,Recommended,473690,34612762,Posted: 30 August,all,Claritas Candor,buy it you filthy casul
76561198010527692,Not Recommended,473690,34634411,Posted: 31 August,all,CPA | Nick,"lost interest pretty quickly, this seems like a game where in a week everyone will know the combos to uber cheese and then RIP any form of meta"
,Recommended,473690,34584573,Posted: 29 August,all,angrymetaldude,"Don't let the naysayers fool you- this one's a gem.The build-your-own kung fu is quite satisfying. When I'm not winning matches, it's because of my own shortcomings. Nothing is insanely OP, just favourable. Game feels optimized, and my only complaint is the servers. Once the server issue is remedied, this will be one of my favourite fighting games."
,Recommended,473690,34585051,Posted: 29 August,all,Pussy Wizard,Such a great game !Combat mechanics are really deep and offers the play lots of gameplay style !I really reccommend it !(btw i'm not having any lags)
76561198202507716,Recommended,473690,34584738,Posted: 29 August,all,ANA_MAIN,my hits arent even registering while the AI is eating my♥♥♥♥♥out
,Recommended,473690,34585016,Posted: 29 August,all,Emalor,"Game is awesome =)The game so far is awesome. Played co op with 2 other randoms and it was so fun. It's Dark Souls in a smaller scale meets Batman AK combat system. Game is very addicting, and i love the fact that unlike dark souls, the other players are all interconnected with your world, so you can Gank, or help others as they are fighting mobs, kinda like an MMO.PROS:GraphicsGameplay/CombatPVPCO OPGanking lolControlsCONS:Performance - Im running it ULTRA 4K, and it runs 60 FPS with some minor drops here and there. Once that's patched, the game will be perfect."
76561198280624131,Recommended,473690,34598634,Posted: 29 August,all,Toasted Breadley,One of the best games i have played in a long time. Although short the game has outstanding mechanics and a very difficult learning curve would. I would HIGHLY recomend this game if you were a souls borne player. has outstanding feels and is truly beautiful.
76561198370812778,Recommended,473690,35008055,Posted: 16 September,all,Sourmonster84,not as bad as you think
76561198091084414,Not Recommended,473690,34645236,Posted: 31 August,all,The Amazing Maurice,"The camera angles are so rough. I like the concept behind this game but I have had to leave 3 times in 93 minutes because of bugs. Also their idea of scaling up difficulty is just throwing in more enemies, which it really feels the game is not meant for. I am refunding but I would be more than happy to redownload if these issues are addressed."
76561198005772688,Recommended,473690,34606786,Posted: 30 August,all,Beast of the East DC United,This game is way better than I was expecting. The depth of the combat is staggering and it goes a long way to make you feel like a badass martial artist in a dark souls like open world. This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,473690,34615703,Posted: 30 August,all,Hundred Eyes,"Awesome game so far. Everything feels really balanced and smooth. all the styles are really fun to mess around with, schools are pretty cool. i've had more people randomly co-op me than try to kill me which was a nice surprise!Definitely worth the money so far.If you do martial arts IRL you'll recognize a lot of attacks in this game.I personally recommend using a controller, but keyboard and mouse will work just fine if you don't have a controller to use.There are currently some server issues, but you can play offline, and everything you learned offline will follow you online so it's really no big deal thus far.I'd say it's a 10/10 game other than the server issues, but it hasn't even been out for 2 full days as of this review so i'd say that's OK for now."
76561198041141334,Recommended,473690,34647891,Posted: 31 August,all,Ocean,"I really, really want to like this game. I was super excited for it and gathered up the money to buy it day of. It's beautiful, interesting, mysterious, and lush with good ideas.But...It's rife with horrible gamebreaking issues. Swords are way to strong for a game about martial arts, Windfall is leaps and bounds the best class, with not even a semblance of an argument for the other classes, doors will take minutes to open, servers crash constantly, etc.There's a lot of polish on the mechanics, the world is creative and beautiful with interesting designs; this all falls through when coupled with tedious gameplay, poor co-op settings, matchmaking problems, and balance issues.Buy this game if you like fighters, or if it gets fixed. This game has a lot of potential. It's just not living up to it in too many ways to give it the score I want.7.5/10, if servers and technical issues are fixed 8/10"
76561198090104948,Recommended,473690,34671408,Posted: 1 September,all,Well_endowed_penguin,"As a fighting game this can certainly appeal to more casual as well as skilled players, excecuting combos is an art you develop as you craft your deck. The casual player will spam, miss timings thus not properly connecting hits and will have an underdeveloped deck that you can beat 3 to 0 all the time. I love watching them just press buttons for the sake of it, it all looks fancy and appealing even if they're not quite sure what they are doing.To the skilled fighting game community, this is not a mash and spam game. The technical aspects of the game in high level gameplay are based on spacing, perfect timing of attacks, blocks, parrys and dodges. Crafting a deck of your own is very fun, each stance and the attacks you choose for each individual stances are correlated to speed, range and strength of a move that can even break guards, massively reduce stamina, avoid high or low attacks and counter against rush tactics. You cannot underestimate the use of weapons in the game as you develop the ability to materialise your own weapons out of thin air, of choice of course, with its own movesets and style at any point in a fight.What makes this game even more complicated is the idea that you can mix fighting styles together, making for some badass mui tai like kick combos or drunken wing chun style punches as well as learning other fighting stylesThe DIY aspect of making the perfect form of martial art is awesome when you consider you can be a mentor for an infinite amount of people, thus creating a school or a closed group of people who practice and use your own fighting style by influence.Yes there is a short story but amazing map where you can revisit all the bosses at any point to learn their moves or steal their clothes, alone or in co-op.In truth it has taken me four days for me to be a mentor which is the pinncle of the game, beforewhich you complete the story and then have to focus on PVP and learning moves to graduate and be a mentor yourself. I found myself kind of lost after that, it was pvp or helping people, finding disciples is not easy.I would give this game a 9/10, it took 35 hours for me to become a mentor and for the £20 price it is definetely worth it. We just need to wait for DLC for this game for it to really become relevant for more than a month."
,Recommended,473690,34649024,Posted: 31 August,all,I Hate Being Normal,"Absolver is a really hardcore combat game with really good fighting mechanics but note that this game does not have a full PvE experience, its fairly short with like 4-6 hours of gameplay depending on how much you explore,this game is about learning and knowing your combat deck better than your opponent."
,Recommended,473690,34862810,Posted: 10 September,all,Fraylor,"This game has a LOT going for it if you're into pvp. If they flesh the world out a bit more/add more lore (Which the developers have alluded to) then it's going to have a LOT going for it in PvE as well. The bad reviews if you go through and read them all pretty much say the same thing: Server issues. They're not wrong. The game was JUST updated on the 8th to improve stability and at least for me I've had no issue connecting since then. I'm sure this may not be true for everyone, but it's one of those situations of when it works, it REALLY works. I'll break down the other aspects below.So the game world. It uses the same type of map system as Dark/Demon souls, etc. It's the same type but a much lighter take on it. There isn't many shortcuts to unlock, and the world is smallish (You could probably sprint to the two farthest points in 20-25 minutes if you skipped every fight along the way.) It's still a clever design and that style can be pretty appealing in a game world.The Story: Without spoiling as much as possible the story is barebones, with most of the lore coming from items you collect (also ala dark/demon souls) random dialogue here and there, but what is there is very interesting and will leave you wanting more of it.Art style: I, personally, really like the art style used in Absolver. Some people may be looking for something more realistic but I think that what choices they made for the style of the game were good ones. The areas are all unique and beautiful in their own right, and they blend well.Gameplay: There's a LOT to say about the gameplay as it's amazingly in depth, and most assuredly Absolvers strongest point. If you're a fan of Monster Hunter, or yet again, the souls series partly because of that feeling of accomplishment and improving in your skill, you will find that itch sufficiently scratched multiple times in this game. I'll break down gameplay a bit farther.Open World gameplay: In it's current state it's solid. It's a fun PvE game even if you're having trouble connecting online. The AI is smart, often times they group up on you and alternate attacking and defending to keep you on your toes, but even one on one fights with the AI are challenging from the start. The world is a bit of a maze when you begin, with only a vague outline of a map to go off of so you'll spend some time trying to hunt down the areas you need to find to continue. This is rewarding though as you find secrets, NPC's, and interesting fights along the way.Combat Deck: The cream of the crop right here. With the amount of moves, move slots, and styles you have a gigantic amount of possibilities, I would estimate well over a thousand potential combinations. Instead of choosing the character you want in a fighting game you for all intents and purposes get to create that character from the ground up.Actual fighting: The hitboxes in this game are insanely good and allow for some of the most visually pleasing combat I have ever seen in any video game what so ever. doing a jump kick while your opponent leg sweeps and just seeing you both fly over and under each other is awesome every time it happens. Many of the moves you can use account for your positioning and allow you to dodge strikes from specific directions when you use them as well. This creates some really cool looking kung-fu♥♥♥♥♥♥That being said you will run into sometimes HUGE walls in skill. I'm currently at one right now. But the answer to that is to practice, change up my combat deck and improve whatever it is I'm lacking (blocking, dodging, etc.) Many people frown on this aspect (because again the server issues which are much better now.) but they do lock some PvE content behind PVP. This is (in my humble opinion) a good thing as it forces there to be a strong online pool of players to fight with, and it forces you to fight tough sometimes insane opponents and in turn forces you to improve and adapt. I know compared to when I first started doing pvp to my current self I would be able to trash what I used to be at skill-wise.And what's even better, at least from what I've experienced in the community, a lot of players are very helpful, often willing to add you on steam and discuss your weaknesses/strengths and what have you. And the top tier people tend to always make schools from which you can join to learn their movesets and better understand why someone trashed you so hard, and eventually later on help some other guy when he joins your future school to understand why you whomped him. It's a fantastic, and budding system that will continue to hopefully get fleshed out.Either way, even with promised content updates, you can probably finish the majority of the PvE in a few hours, 6-7 tops I would imagine. I literally just got to the last unlocked PvE portion at 32.0 hours playtime due to the pvp I did. This isn't completely accurate as I'm not the best at the game and lost more matches than I won probably, so that does slow you down in unlocking stuff.  You also get a lot of gear from doing PvP as well.Speaking of the gear as my last point before a wrap up there is a decent amount of gear and the developers I believe just added some more with this last update. Currently you end up with a lot of duplicates which gets a bit old but nothing gamebreaking, and I'm sure a fix is in the works. You can use this gear to change your appearance in just about as many ways as you can make combat decks, with their own levels of defense vs slowing you down. (It's not all too noticable though, with regards to the slowing down part.) The amount of masks in the game is awesome too. I think that's a really cool little addition to the game that definitely appeals to the collector in me.Overall Absolver is a game you're either really going to love, or it's just not going to be your thing. I would suggest trying it out and seeing if it could be something you want, but there would be nothing wrong in waiting to see how the developers handle the updates."
76561198061560224,Not Recommended,473690,34708465,Posted: 3 September,all,Propane,it´s so damn short...
,Not Recommended,473690,34738764,Posted: 4 September,all,INCREDIBILIS INFIRMUS ETIAM,It's like eating a burger with no meat.
,Not Recommended,473690,34593180,Posted: 29 August,all,Ben,"So, the devs put the game up from £22.99 to £24.99 (And no, the £22.99 wasn't a sale offer). Scummy.On top of that, all you need to do is button mash to win, the AI is ridiculously dumb and the netcode is broken enough that you won't be able to play PVP.The combat system is absolutely ATROCIOUS. It feels like the devs took the For Honor system, made it more complicated, then made it less functional. Parries are worthless, and that's if they even bother hitting even when timed perfectly, and there's no penalty for spamming moves.Oh, and for some reason, a fall that makes your AI opponent take about 25% damage manages to kill you if you make the same fall.The community""s also cancerous as all hell. I stated in the game's Discord that I wasn't enjoying myself and was thoroughly attacked by multiple people for having an opinion on it, being told to get out and that I wasn't welcome there. Honestly a really bad way to start a so called ""community"".Refunding now, avoid at all cost. Go play Chivalry or For Honor instead. Hell, play Overgrowth instead of this.Edit: My refund request got denied for no reason whatsoever so I'm stuck with this worthless cash grab. I expect the devs to sort me out with a refund directly but with the state this mess is in I highly doubt it.Edit 2: As expected, the devs have ignored every single attempt I've made at contacting them. They're absolutely vile and don't deserve your money. AVOID AT ALL COST."
,Not Recommended,473690,34649931,Posted: 31 August,all,DankMemeMaster,this games gameplay PvE is fun but there is not alot of PvE gameplay mostly pvp which would be fine because i love pvp games even if i suck but this game is so terably lacking in content and the pvp is very unbalenced at this point i would rather play for honor and thats saying somthing.
76561198047479200,Recommended,473690,34699929,Posted: 2 September,all,ItsaMobiusLife,"Currently as it stands, even with me recommending this game, I have to say that I would wait on buying it. With the bulk of this experience being focused on PvP the current state of the servers makes this game hard to recommend. However, when they are up and working, Absolver is one of the most fun games I've played in a long time. The overall sense of progression, skill, and challenge that is presented to you is a blast to climb through. With a fairly easily accesible concept and low floor the game is a breeze to get into, and when you begin to learn the intricacies of combat the game shows its true colours and its immensly high skill ceiling. Overall, when it works, Absolver is a solid 7/10. With a reviting combat, skill based multiplayer, and great presentation only being hampered by what I would consider being a slighly lackluster and unfullfilling PvE mode as of right now. However, as it currently stands (9/2/2017), the server issues are to steep a hurdle to overcome and keep this game from being truely great."
,Recommended,473690,34660733,Posted: 1 September,all,PapaSmurf,Probably one of the better fighting games I have played so far. I just want to keep playing it. The combat is super satisfying and super in depth with the combat deck. There is so much you can expirement with when you edit the combat deck. The servers are getting better as the days go as well. I love this game so much that its really hard to stop playing. Most of the bad reviews are about the servers but the devs are on it. Few games nowadays where I see devs actively trying to do something about fixing the game This is one of those games.
76561198138983417,Recommended,473690,34585948,Posted: 29 August,all,CHABA THA FUCK?!,punch people to deathgg
,Recommended,473690,34584534,Posted: 29 August,all,Sucy Q,"I think the most descriptive thing I could say for this game is for those who just want a brief synopsis is, think Dark Souls, except they made it into an actual fighting game. I've played Absolver for the 2 hours one would normally play before the refund is invalid and honestly say I've throughly enjoyed my time. In terms of progress, I've defeated 2 of the bosses, achieved level 5 in the arena, and dueled numerous players in the overworld. I am also playing as a Forsaken, one of the harder classes that you are given at the start, and have had no complains regarding the combat, connection, or ui.While I do recommend this game, there are various problems that can arise that could ruin the experience for those looking to buy this, such as playerbase, connection issues, and server issues altogether. My experience has been great so far, but I understand that not everybody has had a wonderful time like me. People have been reporting rampant bugs, connection issues, and region locking that does not allow people to connect to other regions even with an invitation from another player.My take on the region locking is while I do understand why it is in place, the region locking helps make sure people aren't connecting to servers that are super far from where they are. Disallowing people to join even with an invite is stupid since someone has to make an active effort to invite this person to play with them. If the connection happens to be bad as a result, it should be on their side, or the servers should actively be trying to fix it. I hope that later down the line the devs allow these players to join wherever they wish as long as they are invited.In conclusion, I'm personally going to wait on my refund despite my enjoyment of the game because I want to see what the playerbase will be like after the inital hype train. While this game is extremely fun, especially for someone with a fighting game background like myself, there are too many factors that could lead to this game dying prematurely and I hope that the devs make an active effort to keep the playerbase alive."
,Not Recommended,473690,34747179,Posted: 4 September,all,A-Mac,"TL;DR - Dont get this game until it is either cheaper, or has more contentProsGameplay is funYou can build your own fighting style by adding different moves to make up different combos - no player will fight the sameAesthetic is very nice. The game looks like a paintingNpcs are somewhat skilledConsThere is little to no story. Just fight 4 ish bosses then fight another boss and you get a cloak and that's it. can be done in under an hour. The bosses have no backstory and there's no character development.Theres just nothing to do besides gank other players in the game world or go to duels.The servers have been on fire since release day. I can't even get online now."
,Recommended,473690,34773280,Posted: 6 September,all,BOOO,Good Melee game fight .. but i dunno how to play this game anymore
76561198019195732,Not Recommended,473690,34784649,Posted: 6 September,all,Joker,"Im sure if i spent another 3 hours i might have liked this game. However, its just so BORING, at least until you get more attacks and even then it feels like a spam fest. obviously i should have just played the PVP, but i cant if i dont have any attack moves like everybody else. So you are forced to either trudge through PVP learning attacks from them, or boringly beat mundane AI who glitch around constantly. I had to restart this game multiple times just so the enemys wouldn't glitch out. Just like For Honor it is a great concept. A shame it was not made well. If this game gets patched and they add some new features i just might come back, i really wanted to like Absolver, but it is just too boring for my taste as of right now."
,Recommended,473690,34770359,Posted: 5 September,all,Subsparx,"This game has quickly solidified itself as one of my favorite games I've ever played. It's everything I wanted as far as a dark-souls esque world but with more focus on PVP and matchmaking. As a former martial artist myself I love the styling of the game world, outfits, and the moves and how they flow together feels incredibly solid.There are a lot of parallels with Dark Souls and rightly so. This is a game that rewards learning mechanics. Everything in the game can be countered, if you take the time to learn how to do so. You also have only 16 slots for moves, so you might not have a good counter to what the opponent is using, and have to just play better in order to succeed. Nothing is completely safe, and there is a huge variety of ways to deal with anything the opponent could throw at you. It really is a game about reading, adapting and countering your opponent, with a huge emphasis on reading and learning how you opponent plays in order to be successful.Great game. Major launch server issues but that's pretty standard for the launch of a multiplayer game. Even major blockbuster games like Destiny 2 have a queue to login right now. That will eventually be resolved and outside of that I have absolutely no complaints about the game."
76561198043601957,Not Recommended,473690,34778633,Posted: 6 September,all,Sawan,"I'm usually pretty tolerant when it comes to indie games having issues when they have been released recently but in this case it's too much : i have been experiencing ctd, infinite loading screen and massive lag ( which I read where a common problem for many players so I'm certain this doesn't relate to my internet connection).On top of it, even when the game run smoothly I found it's difficulty unbalanced.It's a big deception as I loved the concept of the game when I first saw video's of it. I found the combat system really cool as long as you're just fighting one enemy. But when it comes to fighting more of them it's just near impossible to have a good fight without tricking the AI.Anyway the pretty near constant troubles that i have been listing up above killed the vibe for me.I'd recommend waiting for patches before buying it."
76561198031247517,Not Recommended,473690,35190277,Posted: 24 September,all,junkyardfool,"You will love everything about Absolver. The atmosphere, the fighting, the character progression, the cryptic lore, the interactions with other players, the expression the comes from building a custom moveset in your favorite style.Then late game comes. The only thing there is to do is fight other players 1v1. Over and over.Many hack. There is little to no effort to prevent this. Look up one of the hundreds of youtube videos on it.If your opponent isn't cheating, they'll all use the same style and similar movesets. Abandon your dreams of being a bumbling drunken master, a heavy hitting slow brawler, or anything other that a fast-move-spamming parry bot if you want to win. Say goodbye to the personal expression, joy, and wonder you experienced expressing yourself with a unique style that satisfied whatever kung fu fantasy you had.Perhaps if there was some sort of matchmaking system so that after 15 or so losses I could play others wishing to live some fantasy other than fast-move-spam parry fast-move-spam parry.This game made me believe, then it pooped on me for it. Absolver is a cruel lover that will abandon you when the fire is hot. Enjoy the chase if you wish. I don't recommend it."
76561198071764676,Recommended,473690,34747187,Posted: 4 September,all,Crobi,10/10 always fun
,Not Recommended,473690,34707385,Posted: 3 September,all,Queen,"Update 1 (6 hrs of gameplay):Sadly nothing really changed.Finished the (turns out) only map in game and killed the main boss (kind of) thing.Boom, I am an Absolver now. So I can go back to the same map and unlock the skills, only 1v1 is available that it currently stucks on loading screen for me... :-(LF more content.----------------------------------------------------------------------Brilliant game however at this state I would not recommend it (just yet).At the moment the game feels a bit lifeless.In a nutshell:Pros:- Nice graphic style- Unique game- Chill atmosphere- Skill learning system- Have not experienced lag or server issues like othersCons:- Graphics: even thought I understand the style it feels a bit lifeless- I get the concept of exploring but not having an actual map with you can be REALLY frustrating- Every time you die the game kicks you from the co-op and have to re-invite the party member- Every time you accidentally hit your mate, your have to re-invite the party member- When you get lost you are lost completely. No marks anywhere apart from the altars (if you are lucky to find them again) and if you die you end up on the same checkpoint. Sometimes this made me quit the game because I ended up in the same route and was not able to get back anywhere near any altars. Then died as I could not flee properly so again, from the checkpoint.- Would have been happier with some kind of cosmetic item for pre-purchase and not some really fancy looking clothes I have to change after 10 mins of play because of the stats.This game has potentials but it is clearly not finished yet."
76561198077336274,Not Recommended,473690,34707584,Posted: 3 September,all,logen1995,"In its current form the game is not worth the money they are asking for it, and for that alone i cant reccomend it. The game is full of glitches, bugs and errors that just break the game. For example, while fighting one of the ""mini"" bosses (who all have about 3-4 guys helping them) i knocked him off the edge, he fell and glitched into the wall, from where he was spawned 6 guys from nowhere, while i was trying to deal with them fists appear from inside the wall and kick the hell out of me.Not only that but good luck trying the beat the game solo, after the halfway point in the game no fight is 1v1 its always at least 1v2, near the end of the game its consistantly 1v4 which is near impossible.good points are the fighting system works well and the AI makes even 1v1 challenging."
,Not Recommended,473690,34737490,Posted: 4 September,all,.:{KinoriaN}:.,"Right now, not recommended. PvP is a total mess because connection issues are everywhere. Also, serverside duels shouldn't be a thing, spam decks annihilate you if you don't have a smooth connection, can't even fight the AI when you aren't sent to the right server. Also, a gamebreaking bug where genuinely the only thing I can do is guard after a big lag spike. Can't hit, dodge, parry, nothing. Only move and guard, which should be fixed ASAP. Also would like to address rubberbanding when you guard against an attack which is extremely disorientating, ESPECIALLY on that one platform arena where you can fall of the sides.But, I'll give credit where it's due. The fights are insanely fun and satisfying (provided you DON'T have any connection issues). Everything from parrying to dodging to doing that sweet jump kick over their low kick. The community is pretty friendly and pacifistic (of course there are exceptions, with ganks still being a thing). The singleplayer is nice though kinda short and the AI does become predictable after a little while but it isn't the focus of the game.TL;DR - Wait until they fix connection issues or sale, if you're going to buy be prepared for connection issues out of your control."
,Recommended,473690,34794974,Posted: 7 September,all,Monocly Man,"I love it. The combat is amazing, I've never had a problem with the servers, and genuinely enjoy the PVE. That being said, many people have trouble with online connectivity, the campaign is really short, and it is a bit overpriced.I love this game and I'd be willing to pay full price if I didn't get the pre-order discount, but if your wallet is running a bit thin then I'd recommend holding off until a sale."
,Not Recommended,473690,34597143,Posted: 29 August,all,LokiFM,"The combat in this game feels really good and it plays really well, the world looks beautiful given that you like the art-style.Having said that though I can not currently recommend the game. Unless you are going into this game EXCLUSIVELY for the PvP.The game world consists out of aStarting area (tutorial)The main world area - which has 2 ""boss"" encounters and about 6 ""elite"" mini-boss encounters.The tower, which just is littered with no-name enemies, that can be ran past, and then a tanky boss at the top.That's it. After you beat what is effectively the 3rd boss in the game, that's the game; you are now an Absolver. Enjoy being teleported back to area 2 and continue exploring and fighting (blocking and dodging) attacks to unlock the moves being used by the enemies.While I do agree that this can be seen as a lead in to the PvP, which once again is really fun, I do not feel as though this is currently a satisfying gameplay cycle for me.Also I don't think there is currently a PvP rating going on (in 1v1 matchmaking)... so get ready to run into people of wildly varying ranges of skill. I've personally not lost a match yet after about 10 matches and keep being matched with people who have probably not finished the game yet and don't understand the various damage avoiding mechanics in the game, but I'm fully expecting to run into someone tomorrow who has way better of an understanding of the game then myself. Which once again leads me into wanting a proper PvP RANK not a level that always goes up, but a rank that goes up and down. This is something that I feel should be in from day one and not later down the line.With the AAA hell incoming in the coming months I would suggest, depending of course on how much money you have available to you, to keep your money for the upcoming very busy game period. (Given you're interested in those games)I do highly recommend Absolver when it eventually goes on sale for anything less than €15,- .Verdict TLDR;I was hoping for more world to explore more than anything, I love exploration in these games and while exploring is rewarding and fun in the current 1 real explorable area there is (The 2nd out of the 3 areas) I was just simply hoping for more area to explore and fight AI encounters in. - Instead we get a world that can be /finished/ easily on your first run in less than 3 hours and it leaves you wanting for more... you paid €30,- after all. But there isn't really more other than the PvP, which does feel great and but currently is only limited to 1v1 matchmaking and annoying people in the open-area who aren't wanting to fight you.---Just a quick edit; There are multiple tiers to the bosses given you grind your character level up, supposedly these make the fights harder and they also have unique cutscenes. So there's that, I'll get there and see what it brings to the table. I do not think this will add more areas so my main complaint still stands."
,Recommended,473690,35015344,Posted: 16 September,all,steggy,"I usually wait until I 100% a game to review but mastering all moves will take me a while, so here it goes.Absolver is a pve/pvp fighting game with very fluid and rewarding combat, a gorgeous art style/sound track, and a surprisingly honorable community. Upon launch you choose one of three styles (Forsaken, Windfall, Kahlt) based on various real life fighting styles. You're then thrown into the world with little to no context other than ""beat these bosses move on"" and while not having a very present story may be a turn off to some, it allows people to create their own lore and background for their character. The combat deck system is a very interesting one. You learn moves by successfully absorbing/parrying/avoiding/guarding moves and then have to beat your opponent to solidify that experience. While this does create a grind, it encourages you to seek out new opponents and explore new areas. The actual combat is very fluid and well animated, and depending on how you build your combat deck you can easily master your moves to be as effective as possible. The main bosses themselves aren't all that hard (I beat Risryn, Cargal/Kilnor, and Kuretz on the first try) the marked ones put up a slightly tougher fight. The ai in this game is bipolar, however, sometimes they're braindead punching bags who go down with little to no resistance, and other times they're god like kung-fu masters. The other Absolvers (actual players) you meet along the way tend to be very friendly and will assist you in your fights, or just stay back and watch out of respect. The PvP is very fluid and besides launch day I've had almost no connection issues. A couple of the PvP maps are annoying (The Oratian Quarters, The Adal Tower) with their ledges that people can knock you off of in a couple of hits. Lastly, as much as I love the game, the loot system is god awful. There is almost no rhyme or reason as to what drops at any moment, and you're going to be getting a lot of duplicate starter/low tier clothes. The devs have addressed this and said they will be adding a rarity/coloring system and improvements to the drop system, but until those patches are pushed through this part of the review will stay.tl:dr - Absolver is a must buy if you like PvP focused combat that allows for full customization in how you fight"
76561198107862074,Not Recommended,473690,34848698,Posted: 9 September,all,Emotion Kid,I'd rather fight a gladiator in For Honor than anyone using stagger style in Absolver.Servers still need work
76561198031473302,Recommended,473690,34747357,Posted: 4 September,all,Kaneyyz,"I recommend Absolver.You're looking to buy Absolver? You want it just for the PVE? Don't buy it. I would mainly call this game pvp because you need to PVP just to keep fighting the bosses. Absolver has amazing fighting mechanics, the only annoying thing about fighting is when people do incredibly annoying combos where you can't move or block because the animations aren't fast enough. You literally can do nothing (Most of the time.) If you're looking for a PVP Martial Arts game this is it. Oh, and it's really pretty."
76561197998140643,Not Recommended,473690,35229714,Posted: 26 September,all,Talent757,"DIsappoint, a big disappoint it is a shame. I had high hopes for this game. But there is no way to beat the spammers of quick jabs and sweeps and once you do get it the game will ""lag"" all of a sudden. (If you didnt know you can pull you ether net cord real quick and cause the game to lag giving you the advatage) When you block a person combo think you can punish them for it? Nope they just side step and spam a quick jab until they get stamina back and they are back at there combo again while you lost your stamina and cant do nothing but watch. $30 wasted if you like to waste money go ahead and buy it, just have your blood pressure meds near you cuz your gonna need them"
,Recommended,473690,34599238,Posted: 29 August,all,K.A.R.Despair ,"Well, for me it goes like this1. Log on2. Create character (don't worry it's not that detail it just take me a long time before deciding what am i gonna use for style, ended up making every style with different character lol)3. GET IMMERSED WITH STUNNING ATMOSPHERE4. Finish the tutorial place after died twice because can't figure it how to parrying (Yes i was Forsaken)5. Meet Random Bro!6. Fighting along side the bros.7. Reach new area with a lot of though enemy and cliff with random bros.8. Helping the bros.9. Concentrate for kick the enemy and Accidentally kick the bros out of the cliff, yes woops..10. Getting bullied by AI because the bros was died fall off the cliff and left me with 4 though AI and meet shame deathAnd that was my story so far.I know Absolver from my Friend, first time i saw this i'm not that interested because i think it will gonna be the same like For Honor, well what did i know? i keep stalking the page until i found my interest, for short i bought this game in the same day that my interest got spark, have a lil bit sceptical about the gameplay, but once again what did i know right? i mean the game was not even release yet, when it up i downloaded it right away, and the first time i go in the Absolver world it was like Whoa..Right, Absolver was an interesting game so far for me, it was like remix between For Honor and Dark Souls but not♥♥♥♥♥♥ it take a time to readjust the mechanism but you will get it eventually, at least while in tutorial area, the mix of martial arts combo that you create by yourself (similiar to remember me) make you have to use complete strategy to win, just picture it like you the one who's fighting, you have to choose what move that you wanna use to not die, what i mean is SAME STYLE DOESN""T MAKE YOU HAVE THE SAME MOVE SET HAHAHAH, so when you fight someone it was not Style VS Style but YOU VS THEM, The AI tho, they will gave you a hard time if you play alone, you can kill them but it's though, make friends, join school or team up with random bros was the best way to get strong fast, me myself already fough the first story boss alone and it was take me like 30 minutes just to figure how to defeat him in the center of enemies crowds, see have a companion was nice.Pros :> Stunning Landscape and Atmosphere> Cool gameplay (For thos who seek kungfu style combat system)> Combo (Move) Editor> Though AI (not that Ai who's got punch easily and moving like a retard, this AI can read your movement and broke your guard, make this very challenging)> Great ConceptCons :> Area (Because this game was like dark souls, you won't know what is this area until your punch was giving enemy small damage, it mean you was in high area, the area seems connected so we won't know if it was high area or not)> Friendly fire system (It was not that bad it just, if you in small area and there was a cliff, your punch can easyly knocked up your friends off the cliff in the sake of punching the Enemy it will make you hostile)> Hostile Action (I don't know what it is)>Character Creation (I think they should make this more detail/complex so people will have their unique looks)So far Absolver was good game, great even but it just the Initial Release, Let's see what's the update will gave us.10/10 would rider kick enemy off the cliff again"
76561198091332550,Not Recommended,473690,34760960,Posted: 5 September,all,Jester,"I played this expecting there to be a whole other area, and much more content after the final boss but there truthfully isn't. I bought the game the day of release and when I heard people saying they've already completed the game I just was in denial. I was certain there was more content past the few mini bosses and the 3 actual bosses, which all feel the god damn same might I add. If you enjoy being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and wasting your time just to lose in PVP to someone thats in a school designed with the perfect spam combat deck then give this overpriced piece of garbage a chance. I went in loving the game and after the short period I've played I'm already out of things to do unless I PVP and just getting online is already a big enough♥♥♥♥♥♥off. This game is an overpriced heaping pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's unfinished, and unoptimized. Frames drop excessively in certain areas just at random, and I've had to twiddle with my settings more times than I can remember just to have it look half decent and run smoothly, which it still doesn't. I don't understand how a game that looks like it was made out of cardboard on the Unreal Engine 4 runs like it was made for the playstation 2.Overall:Fun game for the first few hours of content. Then it's rinse and repeat until you gouge your eyes out with a plastic spoon and try to give yourself an excuse as to why you wasted $30 on a game that works less than For Honor and looks worse while doing it.Save yourself the money until it goes on sale, or the devs actually update it with some content. As of now it's strictly PVP based, and if you're looking to play this game offline then by all means spend that $30 for 4 hours of gameplay depending on how♥♥♥♥♥♥you are, but even then it's such a cookie cutter experience it just astounds me how anybody could go into development of this game and leave feeling like they made something worth playing. Pitiful."
76561198026505356,Not Recommended,473690,34756914,Posted: 5 September,all,Zordex,"Buy only if you've got plenty of spare time and nothing (literally) else to play. The mechanics is more complicated than playing Tekken for first time (hysterically pushing all the buttons and enjoying the show) - tons of combos, memorization, re-customization and re-memorizing it all over again as you open new moves (or realize that some of the existing suck so hard you can't even hit an NPC with it)And by the way, don't count on the Steam refund option because this game's play time counter is broken - I've played 1.5 hours and Steam says 13."
,Not Recommended,473690,34749481,Posted: 4 September,all,Blacknife,Servers are still♥♥♥♥♥♥and the devolpers stopped talking to the comunity about it. Dont buy it unless u like lag and hackers.
,Recommended,473690,34584654,Posted: 29 August,all,Yan Zhaoge (Xenon),"Sadly, because of technical difficilties I didn't managed to play long, but so far I like this game.Many people complain how ""hard"" this game for them. This is not really true. This game just do not use system common for MMORPG or majority of actions. System here a bit similar to japanese 3D fighting games but with chinese atmosphere.System here is actually same as in real martial art. Learn moves. Counter moves. You can't? Too hard for noo... I mean, first time player? Fight a bit with the enemy, see what moves he prefer, make so that you are under minimal risk of suffering his attack by using apropriate moves. If there is less than 3 enemies against me, in most situations I suffer no more than 2 blows ever. Same with bosses, they are stronger and more agressive but not faster.If it's too hard for you, I suppose you should use heawy armor (good luck find it fast enough thought) and make strength build.Also, while you making you own build you shouldn't try too use moves with biggest damage of the time, I recommend for you to make your stile ""flowing"" instead, especially if you are, like me, choose to play as nimble figher, with style!Game also do not have any money system whatsoever, at least I do not encountered it so far, so all that you should do is fight! Cultivate from fighting different opponents! You become better from fighting, your character become better from fighting (and I am not talking about how you also recieve a bit of exp, that you can use to increase stat of your choice (which making character a little bit more powerfull too)).I really HOPE that they fix server-side problem prompty, along with loading bug."
,Recommended,473690,34583217,Posted: 29 August,all,root,It's a good and complex game.
76561198014111837,Not Recommended,473690,34765695,Posted: 5 September,all,Bot Elmer,"The game is fun and pretty good overall, without the connectivity issues i would not have refunded, i was demolishing a player and i got defeated cause of latency from his side.he jumped around all over the place and i was not happy.Wait until they fix the connectivity issues"
,Recommended,473690,34696171,Posted: 2 September,all,Kung Fu Tree,Better than For Honor !
,Recommended,473690,34766072,Posted: 5 September,all,Swingecko,"I really want this game to be loved by everyone.Absolver was an amazing experience for me, but I get why it's receiving a lot of negative reviews, the online often sucks and when the game is laggy even the npcs are laggy, so fighting while teleporting everywhere is....not fun.BUT I have hope for this game, because the game itself and its mechanics are amazing to me.I love the feel and look of Absolver.I'll recommend this to fans of fighting games and also fans of souls-like (yeah, awful term) games.Here are some extra thoughts:Pros:-The game looks amazing, it brings a refreshing art style with stunning visuals-The soundtrack made every important encounter tense and 10x times better-Moves and combat styles are beautifully animated and are varied-A lot of customization and ""Fashion"" options-The community is fun and cooperative(this review is obiously based on my experience, but this point more so than others)-The boss fightsCons:-The online often SUCKS making the game unplayable-Some people can't even play online because of server problems-Sometimes the game takes way too much to load, and I mean IN-GAME: it happened to me several times that I found myself surrounded by enemies because they took too long to loadBut, in my opinion, the pros outweigh the cons, and if your connection can ""handle"" (and by that I mean if servers are working in your area), go for it."
,Recommended,473690,34785694,Posted: 6 September,all,PuNk!,"Community on this game are amazing:See another player fighting NPCs...Cautiously approach and stare at them like Michael Myers from afar.They notice you.You bow.They bow.Suddenly an offer of cooperation pops up.You accept eagerly.You fight the hordes of NPCS together.Much later your companion walks to the exit.You exchange a long stare at each other.You share a thumbs up and a bow of gratitude.They leave the area...You watch them leave...They don't look back.You carry on.And throughout the whole of this time, no voice communication or text chat is exchanged. You just have a mutual understanding in this world via gestures and working together. Amazing.10/10  ~ Would bow at strangers randomly."
,Recommended,473690,34827315,Posted: 8 September,all,Zel Lok,It's like Hybrid Heaven for the N64 grew up into an awesome fighting game.
76561198281911128,Recommended,473690,35149137,Posted: 23 September,all,NefariousAvocado,"I don't know how else to put it, it feels like the Devs are just players like us that care about this game being what it can potentially be. They listen actively and constantly to the community and work hard to get the game where it needs to be.Is it perfect? No. Is it worth it? Definitely."
76561198071710965,Recommended,473690,34666842,Posted: 1 September,all,Jiggy McNelson II,"I see a lot of negative reviews on this game with empty details.I haven't experienced server issues at all. Only slight lag spikes that go away after a minute.I haven't ran into any glitches.Multiplayer has been fun as hell. Even if you want to take part in PVP, you don't have to enter another server. You can just duel with the people you meet in Adal, like I've been doing.The combat is fun as hell, definetly worth the money I paid for.Absolver has a very Dark Souls type gameplay. You have no idea where you're going during your first time playing the game, but you figure it out with more experience you put into it.Marked Ones and bosses can be very difficult to defeat, depending on your combat style, if you're cooperating with someone, and what level you are.Your first few hours playing this game is gonna be filled with joy and anger. Joy from the innovation and how cool the combat feels. Anger from constantly getting pummeled by other players and bosses (Dark Souls).It feels like one of those games where you feel obligated to train yourself, earn more experience before taking on more difficult Marked Ones and bosses.Absolver is a game that's certainly not for everyone, but for people who are fans of martial arts, people who are drawn to difficult challenges, and people who are willing to put in a lot of time to learn the game.I approve."
,Recommended,473690,34908747,Posted: 12 September,all,Zt3alth,"A very in-depth fighting game, with some souls-like aspects. It's pretty focused on pvp, since after you finish the short story thing, there's not really anything else to do but just kill the same enemies over and over or do pvp.The game looks good, it has some pretty good atmospheric music, and the fighting system is very enjoyable, although it is exploitable, so you will come up against some very annoying decks.People have also experienced some pretty heavy lag, but I've only had two instances where there was lag, although I do live in central Europe.Overall, if you know what you're getting into when buying the game and still want it, definitely get it. It seems like the devs have a lot of work planned for it, so if you want a game with good, fun, in-depths fighting mechanics that you can spend hours upon hours on, I would certainly recommend it."
76561198030847182,Recommended,473690,35147628,Posted: 23 September,all,Khamal,"Punish button spammers? Great pvp game, idc about story, pvp, fair combat styles, fast attacks only isn't the best(have decks proving otherwise), having a nice couple decks comes in handy, great for pvp aspects, just needs more pvp modes before balancing, 2v2,3v3,great game for it's price, had bugs but most are fixed aside from the occasional trials getting stuck,stagger ftw,games still in progress for many things, great game at current state, hopefully even better in time9/10!"
76561198109751279,Not Recommended,473690,34786746,Posted: 6 September,all,Borgabro,"Until they fix the multiplayer lag, there's not much you can do after the story line... The lag makes this near impossible to figure out what's happening (myself being a forsaken the lag prevents me from  being able to parry at all) other than that I found the story to be extremely fun, but for 30$ it's not enough..."
,Not Recommended,473690,35320131,Posted: 29 September,all,Flowers,"I want to recommend this game. But I just. Can't.The best 1v1 fighting I've playedCool looker at-ers that too many people care about but it's nice in this game I supposeThe game doesn't accomplish anything other than those positives.I only play fighting style games like this because every bit of it looks as interesting and explory and expansive as dark souls but it just wasn't. It wasn't anything. It was a 1v1 platform sitting on a pile of vague stories and nothing to do post beating the boss. Unless you want to fight the same bosses again.Wait you actually want to fight the same bosses again? Well you don't get to enjoy that either unles you love spending hours of 1v1s (and I do mean hours, i'm 5 hours deep into the grind that is allowing you to progress  and it's JUST 1v1s)The game also reeks of those projects released too early because the devs got a big head. There's literlaly a cliff face of content after the final boss. Just 1v1s to drag your feet through a maximum of 50 to fight just ONE of the 3 bosses you already fought again. 50 maximum for the next and so on. It's gross, and it smells gross.It's like they couldn't decide to make a pve or a pvp game so they slapped together some random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ts on the opposite corner of the maps. Put 3 different type of enemies with hard versions randomly replacing themselves inbetween and told you ""Find your own value in this game peasents""Thats not even going to get into the fact that you can't turn off bumping into other players without going in offline mode. WHich may seem just fine but don't forget, the content IS the 1v1's and guess what you can't que for in offline mode. Yup. Sit in your ♥♥♥♥ing empty♥♥♥♥♥world with bosses you already beat or login to a buggy (I've literally fallen into pits where the map didn't load and fell forever. There's no kill floor in OB in this game fun fact, so hard reset is required), laggy mess of a pvp system and wade through the people who will charge attack you as you're running along or smack you in the back of the head as you're fighting the bosses you were sent out to kill.""But the 1v1s! Just wait the devs are doing something"" the devs have devolved into nothing but bug fixes and tweaks to the 1v1. No story expansion, no 2v2, schools a ♥♥♥♥ing mess, the world within the game too ♥♥♥♥ing tedious to traverse. It's like they don't care about anyone other than the 1v1ers. Which is cool if you're one of them, but I personally wish that the content wall wasn't so far into it. I played only pve past my return limit and now I have a useless game in my collection because I'm not sitting through any more stressful 1v1's to play slightly above average pve."
,Not Recommended,473690,35188477,Posted: 24 September,all,More Tea,nearly impossible to play with mouse and keyboard.
76561198018985835,Not Recommended,473690,35249824,Posted: 27 September,all,Corthos Fellrin,"I'm not much for long typed reviews, but I made a video on it instead. The TL;DR it is fun when it works, but it has a lot of bumps... a lot. For the amount of content given it isn't worth the money. Wait for it to have more if you really want it.https://youtu.be/H75TwdtyzRs"
,Recommended,473690,35111348,Posted: 21 September,all,digits,The best online fighting on the market.
76561198160204901,Not Recommended,473690,34651835,Posted: 31 August,all,MeowFat,"Combat is 11/10. Lots of fun, plenty of ways to play. Would buy again.BUT THE CONS ARE SO BAD:Overall level design is ****ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Bossesare hidden. The map doesn't tell you a damn thing. No landmarks to travel by. oh and trying to guage direction based on the sun? Oh that moves around so gg get lost... literally.EDIT:3/10.  Seriously think about how much you want to fight in hand to handthe reason I lowered the score is because I wanted to try pvp, and I almost lost to a naked guy who was spamming the same move set the entire game. Absolver you bunch of bumbling fools you made that possible?"
,Recommended,473690,34585318,Posted: 29 August,all,SirBlazington,Game dope
76561198053799432,Recommended,473690,34586966,Posted: 29 August,all,Emaniplex,"This is really neat. To defeat the NPCs you block a few of their attacks and study their patterns, then try and adapt to their tempo. The same might be for defeating other players, but I'm not at that level yet. The aspect of attack customization functions incredibly, and if you put some effort into it, your moves can glide along each other without you even really having to change your stance.EDIT: Essentially, if you're into the thought of For Honor-like combat with loads of customization and beautiful animation + graphics, taking place in distinct maps connected by paths in a small, semi-open world, this game's ""campaign"" will give you four to five long days of immense wonder, meticulous thought, and excitement.After that, it's about honing your skills, fighting other players in the arena, and searching for those few moves and gear you still haven't discovered, perhaps even exploring other fighting styles."
,Recommended,473690,34601645,Posted: 30 August,all,NMBR1MRTL,"Less than an hour in, it's like For Honor.Only better."
76561198129723770,Not Recommended,473690,34667065,Posted: 1 September,all,TheWonderingNoob,"This is a dying game look at the player base, the devs say the care about the game but if they did why are they letting the game die. the game should of been an early access game so they could redeem themselves by adding content but now i feel like the game will never be played as the devs focus on the wrong areas of the game."
,Recommended,473690,34728504,Posted: 3 September,all,TheNarthexRex,Server connection failed. Do you want to retry?[ENTER] Yes         [ESC] No
,Recommended,473690,34757464,Posted: 5 September,all,Behn,punch kick
,Not Recommended,473690,34601234,Posted: 30 August,all,yes,When you sell a game on regions without servers where people can't play but you do it anyway cuz.. Money.
,Recommended,473690,34596923,Posted: 29 August,all,Gordon Ramsay,"Have you ever wanted to feel like the legendary kung fu master Bruce Lee? Well this game makes you feel like him since you literally go around fighting people with insane flips, kicks, and punches (there are also melee weapons) just to make yourself stronger. The art style reminds me of Aragami since it looks like you're playing in a painting. The controls are pretty responsive and the game does support contollers so yay. Online is kinda unstable right now along with a ton of bugs and points in time where th e game lags so much it's unplayable. The game is still very young so it's bound to have problems but hopefully the problems get fixed. With all the move customizations and the ability to choose the way you play basically makes you unpredictable. The story is pretty simple just kick♥♥♥♥♥and git gud but frankly it's a bit too short but how big can a story be when all you do is beat the hell out of random people? There are boss fights and mini bosses but you'll have to find them throughout the map which is pretty garbage since you don't know where you're going or where you are but that's just me. I give it an 8/10. It just needs some refining and a better map but other than that it's a really solid game."
76561198060489529,Not Recommended,473690,34725579,Posted: 3 September,all,Derry,"This game is pretty fun but the game breaking bugs that dont let me progress in the story is literally unplayable. the servers are down most of the time and when they are up its so laggy it feels like im playing portal 2. The online is so buggy none of my hits land and i have people teleporting like minato doing his yellow flash. Sometimes i cant even hit and my character is stuck there with his finger up his♥♥♥♥♥like if hes stuck under a genjutsu, i really dont recommend this game unless the devs fix all the bugs. Im supprised the game wasnt tested before the release."
76561197974844200,Not Recommended,473690,34726460,Posted: 3 September,all,DoomCraft,"I wasn't going to write a review about this game but I feel compelled to save people their money. This is a $10 game at most, it's not worth the $30 tag.Sure, visually it looks good. Sure, it has a good concept and appeals to people like me who used to enjoy playing games like Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter. However, this game has a couple massive flaws.- Online servers are offline way more than they should be. For a game that was just released to the public, the servers shouldn't be down as much as they are.- Combat is ok but not mind blowing. You grow tired of it after about 2 hours of playing and start looking for other things to do. Which brings me to my next negative.- What the hell else can you do in this game? No real map to help me navigate, the story is less than 3 hours long and why is there literally no depth?? It feels like no mans sky launch all over again.Sure, some will disagree. Save yourself the time and wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,473690,34793244,Posted: 7 September,all,Tomoko Kuroki,Great combat. But really laggy and unbalanced for the moment. I see people teleproting everywhere in PvP nad i cant even hit back. My latest 5 pvp matches have just been the enemy teleportign around me doing moves i cant even see.
,Recommended,473690,34783141,Posted: 6 September,all,Meat_Grinder,"In one sentence this is good old (not the new crap) Mortal Kombat on steroids and online.Do not buy it for the plot. Do not buy it for the storyline. This is not an RPG. Do not go online with the idea of having a couple relaxing matches. There absolutely nothing relaxing about this game (other than planning your move set).This is an amazing ""make-your-own-combos"" hardcore fighting game. Buy it for teeth-clenching stand-offs, where both you and your opponent do your best to perfect chain combo each other into oblivion, strategizing, planning future guard breaks, dodges, power-slides even if you are going to lose this one fight. Buy it for the excitement of improving your combo set and finally taking it online for baptism by fire. Buy it for the incredible emergent combo sets that you encounter. Buy it for the great fights.P.S. While this game supports mouse and keyboard, you should really use a gamepad. Drastically improves the experience."
76561198041771493,Not Recommended,473690,34630784,Posted: 31 August,all,rob,"Game is Way way to hard, need to be able to switch targets better or not have attacks so focused on the main target i keep getting wiped out when attacked by more than 1 opponent. game needs to be easier especially in the beginning area. need to be able to move away from combat easier to reposition better against multiple opponents.  i dont think i can even beat one of the marked ones. game totally needs better balancing in combat, longer blocking, and longer chaining of attacks.  Switching of stances needs to be way more intuitive. Computer controls are good for switching stances one keystroke, but trying to play with just keyboard/gamepad sucks. on ps3 controller switching stances is 2 actions which is not intuitive, switching stances should be done with the directional keys on the controllers, switch the other healing/powers to the 2 step process, don’t make me think too much about how to get in to different stances in the middle of combat , switching stances should be 1 button.  If i cant even beat one of the quest targets im stuck never progressing anywhere, always to respawn again and again like some bad remake of groundhogs day….. The dev’s need to go back and play the ps2 game rise to honor to see how to make a great combat system."
,Not Recommended,473690,35035245,Posted: 17 September,all,Uncle Lizard,Don't buy it
,Not Recommended,473690,34750196,Posted: 4 September,all,Nikko,bad servers
76561198249064874,Recommended,473690,34599748,Posted: 30 August,all,Prizmata,"Enthralling combat system. Great visuals. Story...... well, unfortunately they sort of skimped on it.... leaving plenty left to be wanted... hopefully they add new content.... *crosses fingers*. For what it is, at its price point and the great fun i just had from day one.... bugs, and day one problems aside... it's hard not to rate this game highly. It's like dark souls light had a baby with kung fu, and for honor.Visuals: 9/10Combat: 9.5/10Story/campaign: 7/10 *coughs* hard to really even call it a story or whatever it is. a combat simulator? but whatever it's fresh and dynamic... leaves you to figure stuff out rather than spoon feed it too you like a baby.Coop: 7/10 clunky but fun.Pricepoint value: 9/10overall: fun and worth 30 buckeroos. 8/10"
,Recommended,473690,34829091,Posted: 8 September,all,Loki The Damned,"PVE To learn moves. Meet a naked guy that only wears a black mask and get slapped by him a bunch. PvP to watch lag switchers and other shinanigans.Patience is KeyNeeds more martial art styles, can you say DLC goldmine.Fun9/10Aggravation8/10(getting knocked out of the map by random stuff) 10/10 when fighting people that just lag around everywhere."
,Recommended,473690,34848347,Posted: 9 September,all,givanse,"PvP is really fun. The movements system is highly customizable. You can interrupt, block, dodge or absorb attacks. The skill cap is super high. Every time you fight someone you have to observe what their regular move sets are and adapt to those."
76561198210240493,Recommended,473690,34748686,Posted: 4 September,all,Albus DumbleDick,Good game
,Recommended,473690,34723377,Posted: 3 September,all,Hailstone,Delicious!
,Recommended,473690,35315777,Posted: 29 September,all,Duckmeister,"This game is one of the most cleverly designed competitive games ever.  Almost perfectly balanced from launch (amazing!)The deck system turns the game from purely reaction/mechanics based into much more of a thinking-person's competition.  You know how in most fighting games there are two phases, the first where the players are still learning the mechanics and combos, and the second where the mindgames begin?  This game skips the first phase and goes straight to the second.Not only does it go straight to mindgames, but you have to PLAN your mindgames out beforehand by building decks with specific strategies.  The depth on the level of strategy is huge, while the mechanics are dead simple, and that's why this game is an instant classic.The mixed reviews are due to bugs and lack of singleplayer content.  If you come into the singleplayer thinking it is anything more than a tutorial for a 1v1 online 3D fighter, you'll be somewhat disappointed.  As far as bugs, there have been 3 patches in the first month, and the devs actively listen to concerns.Sale or no sale, you cannot go wrong with this game."
76561198187637293,Not Recommended,473690,35278747,Posted: 28 September,all,chetu6565,The game is unpolished. Too many bugs and glitches. Should not have pre ordered it.
,Not Recommended,473690,34688272,Posted: 2 September,all,Baioretto,Would be a fun game if multiplayer worked properly.
76561198026910604,Not Recommended,473690,34627273,Posted: 30 August,all,Tom Bombadil,servers unavailable simulator
,Recommended,473690,34896328,Posted: 12 September,all,ILoveMaryJane,I like scooby snacks.
,Not Recommended,473690,34686674,Posted: 2 September,all,Godhood,"the game is region locked, and none of my gaming friends live on the east coast. so refund. this is gonna be a huge detriment to the game"
,Not Recommended,473690,34788547,Posted: 6 September,all,xab,"Absolver is a stylish game for sure, but to me it feels unneccesarily complicated and sluggish (while the characters ""look like"" they are hovering above the ground a couple of centimeters and the wind could just blow them away, even the ones in armor) - while I loved fighting games (from all the Virtua Fighters, Tekken, Fighting Force, Sleeping Dogs etc.) and replayed all three Dark Souls many times, this one just doesn't work for me, sorry."
,Recommended,473690,34625457,Posted: 30 August,all,Vashyu,Really fun and deep gameplay and high skill based PVP game.
,Not Recommended,473690,34796949,Posted: 7 September,all,♥ღbrianaღ♥,"It is a great for about 20 or so hours, of literally pure fighting.However:- This is not an Open World.  It is a very small, restricted path map of handful of areas.  You cannot go ""anywhere"" except the paths.  Step in knee-high water == die.  Jump to a building not part of the experience == death.-  There are no NPC's for anything other than combat.  No villagers, merchants, etc..-  Controller required unless you have lifetime Mouse/KB skills and a high DPI mouse (i keep my naga at 8000 for absolver - I have a Xbox One and Steam Controller as well).-  The social aspect of the game is non-existent and more alive on the discord than in the game itself.-  Farming moves gets boring.-  Game bugs can give you immunity and allow you to farm every single move in the sector you are in.-  PvE mode is about 10-15 hours of game play, then you are PvP exclusive for furhter progression (which can be fun for a short bit until bored)."
,Not Recommended,473690,34651383,Posted: 31 August,all,Pent,"Look, this is a great game, it has so much potential and the devs seem to really care about it.However, it is PVP oriented, and since they didn't have an open beta to stress test their servers, there are ton of disconnects, server crashes, server reaching capacity, which all leads to a bad online experience. So right now, I don't recommend this game. They've made promises to fix the online issues, and they said it'll be more smooth as early as next week, so if this holds true I'll change my review from negative to positive, but as of right now this just isn't worth it unless you really really really want to support the devs."
76561198232402628,Not Recommended,473690,34595015,Posted: 29 August,all,Hexer the Hacker,"Needs a patch, pretty bad atm. In the 2nd area I walked through multiple objects like stairs and I think even walls, weird loading glitches and on my first death I couldnt respawn, just got a black screen with no prompts for several minutes.Would love to play it more after at least a day-1 patch, which is sad to see become so common place in todays gaming industry.EDIT:After completion of the game and it's first patch being released, I can say the game has great potential especially with how well crafted the games mechanics are. However, the issue remains that virtually every other aspect of the game needs serious work. To be frank, this should be dubbed an early access, not a full release."
76561198029382446,Not Recommended,473690,34589170,Posted: 29 August,all,Corgi,"I bought this game hoping for something it was not. a pve adventuring game where you have a huge world to descipher and discover, instead you can go through ALL THE ZONES in under 4 hours and relies on you grind blocking bosses / enemies to learn their move to use that in the ''real'' part of the game wich is the PVP. sadly im a casual and bought this game hoping to fill that little hole that dark souls left in my heart when i was out of dungeon crawley action typed pve adventure game. So if you are a fan of pvp, go right ahead, if you are not and wants this game mainly for pve wich can be pretty flawed and abominably short, i'd rather tell you to go look somewhere else.(Random disclaimer, once they fix up the servers i can admit that the pvp part can be pretty fun so i really do mean it that if you like pvp fighters i'd recommend you to play it but if you come in hoping for pve you might wanna go look for another game!)"
,Not Recommended,473690,34875590,Posted: 10 September,all,shaklebakle,"I have no words for how garbage this game is. I played for hours to bump a character up to a strong level, I had a healthy amount of moves to work with, and then the game in its infinite ♥♥♥♥ing glory deletes my character I've but 10+ hours into over the course of a week and a half. The servers don't work, the game on a technical aspect is clunky, unresponsive, flimsy and flaccid, and the entirety of the overworld is just as bland as white toast. Skip this game, seriously. It's not worth whatever you will pay for it."
76561198131484643,Recommended,473690,34586832,Posted: 29 August,all,living like Larry,"Fun fighting, fun social aspect, and fun looting. I have heard of people having problems with online but it has run very smoothly for me from the start."
76561198041783636,Not Recommended,473690,34789954,Posted: 7 September,all,Armoured Duck,"Bad game from start to end. Wish I had listened to my gut in the first two hours over fan boys saying to ""give the game a chance""."
,Recommended,473690,34583579,Posted: 29 August,all,Jadebrise,"that feel when you avoid, mmmm yeah."
76561198018789221,Not Recommended,473690,34686887,Posted: 2 September,all,Besensac,The game is region locked. You cannot play with your friends from other regions. The devs of this game are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that did not even bothered to add an option to change the region so I can play with my friends.
76561198043416947,Not Recommended,473690,34677334,Posted: 1 September,all,John Kain,"Proof that a game with dedicated servers can run even worse than “For Honor” without ones.From a pattern recognition standpoint - if Dark Souls and Jade Empire had a child raised by uncle For Honor that would be Absolver.If he was a brat and mediocrity that is. Because both Dark Souls and Jade Empire are great and Absolver sadly isn't.Or PVP+PVE fighting RPG with a shared map if you prefer it by genre names.About the game:Absolver is a small game in terms of it's content.The world consist of three pretty similar biomes (ruins, forest, fishing village) and a tower. You can run a full circle around it in 20 to 30 minutes.It will probably take far more than that to get familiar with the navigation though, because the map implementation is quite awful.There are around half a hundred items to farm and about a same number of fighting moves to learn. Learning those moves is a tedium incarnate. You basically have to block/dodge them about 30 times. It can take up to half an hour of blocking singe mob attacks to learn one move you need. Exiting isn't it?Farming for items is a bit better, because at least you will kill stuff.There are five NPCs with few fixed lines of dialog to offer. There is no player chat. Just a set of emotes to show your intentions.If you are looking for a rich story or character interactions Absolver is a wrong game for that.It is a right kind of game to look for PVP. That is if you do not mind PVP being unbalanced and with precocious few viable options (max agility & attack speed + spam single button to win).Overall it feels very indie in a bad kind of way.Lack of overall polishing, constant server-side problems (teleporting mobs, invisible hostile player, random deaths due to desync), save files corruption, balancing issues, etc.As an added caveats:1. Best looking gear is exclusive to consoles.Want a nice leaver jacket or a dark red mask? You wouldn't get them. They are PS4 exclusives.2. Regional lock.3. For a developer that “is dedicated to improving and expanding Absolver based on community feedback” there is about 0 communication with the community and very slow reaction to even most atrocious gamebreaking bugs.Outro:Game has a lot of potential to improve and become something good.(considering the sales and a decent size playerbase it actually can happen)But right now it's not. It's fun for few starting hours, but falls short after that."
76561198302708240,Not Recommended,473690,34602820,Posted: 30 August,all,smac919,"The videos and stuff make it look A LOT cooler than it actually is. There is ZERO voice acting for the cutscenes, the character creation is crap (ive seen Mobile MMORPGs with better creation) the combat is lack luster, the sounds for punching sound like light slaps. Will be applying for a refund asap. I would maybe consider keeping this game if it was like $5 or free..but $30 is wayyy too much."
,Not Recommended,473690,35092611,Posted: 20 September,all,smauels been russeled,"In the beginning this game was very fun, going through the story, fighting all the ""Marked Ones"" and bosses. Once this was complete the game became stale. It turned from a fun story game into a 1v1 only oriented game. The only thing left to do is pvp, and the only way you can fight the bosses again is by pvping. Basically to completely go through this game and fight all the bosses at all their stages u NEED to 1v1 in combat trials. Much of the community is very nice and honorable (bowing before fights/ after), but you often can find people that initiate fights and if they do kill you, not revive you. The community is not the games fault though. In conclusion, I do not recommend this game if you're buying it for the story (there really isnt one) or to fight NPCs and bosses. This game is really only a pvp game based around your deck and style."
,Not Recommended,473690,35092153,Posted: 20 September,all,KTPNNCWBY,"Fantastic combat system within a game that I'm not sure knows what it wants to be, and further marred by latency issues.If it's a PvE game, I wish there were more to do rather than grind out moves.If it's a PvP game, why is an even playing field to know who the best is gated behind a PvE grind?The UI is clearly designed for console; navigation issues galore, like why are there so many steps to get to editing your combat deck?I wish I could enjoy it like I would a fighting game (yes I know it isn't one) or in a PvP without having to grind out so much, if at all."
,Not Recommended,473690,34687200,Posted: 2 September,all,lnsmhntr,"The game is currently unplayable in Japan. Once it starts requiring an internet connection, even the NPC enemies glitch in and out making it impossible to hit them or avoid their attacks. For now I can't recommend this game, especially to anyone living in my part of the world. I get the feeling that this is a brilliant game if you're in the right region though. I've asked for a refund and will consider repurchasing if server coverage improves."
,Not Recommended,473690,34723839,Posted: 3 September,all,brzuu,preordered and online was broken every time i tried to play it
76561198004484646,Not Recommended,473690,34748828,Posted: 4 September,all,Xelatross,"I was very hyped to buy this game, so much that I pre-ordered it, and I don't do often. But Absolver left me nothing but  frustrated gameplay the entire time.One major thing is that it's a multiplayer game, but for some reason, I'm always offline, and cannot connect to servers. I've heard many people have this problem, so I wasn't surprised when it said I couldn't connect, and I live in North America. For a fighting game that requires Online PvP, this was disappointing.Honestly, the style of the game is amazing. The art style looks and feels very nice. The combat, though, is something that let me down. As I've seen plenty of times, the combat is supposed to be ""fluid"" and ""crisp"". However, upon fighting my second boss, Revario, the real frustration began. When the game began, I chose the fighting style Windfall, so I depended on dodging my opponents attacks. But whenever I dodged an attack, a good percentage of them locked on to me and made contact anyway. More and more deaths followed, and I just couldn't have it anymore. Maybe it's me not being good, but I took the time to learn the combat as best as I could, and practiced all the decks I could. Unfortunetaly, I couldn't get Revario below half his health without him slaughtering me. My temper got the best of me, and I won't be picking up Absolver ever again."
,Not Recommended,473690,34678366,Posted: 2 September,all,ChOnTENt ChOp,"Oceanic servers"""
,Recommended,473690,34807410,Posted: 7 September,all,frgvn,I am not going to support this game until they have proper or even halfway decent 21:9 aspect ratio support. As of right now there are pillarboxes in the game with the hud stretched and hovering over those black pillarboxes. This is horrendously incompetent.If you are playing with a 16:9 aspect ratio then it is just fine. The game seems to be worth th $30 price tag and the developers have said they will continue to support it and add new content. Only time will tell.I am refunding but will repurchase when it has proper 21:9 support.
,Not Recommended,473690,34867450,Posted: 10 September,all,Awpteamoose,"This game is a mess.Very evidently, it at least started as Dark Souls-like with karate instead of swords (the first location even has a shortcut door that opens from one side), but somewhere along the line due to a lack of time, money, talent or unified vision, it changed into a 3d fighting game of sorts, but without getting rid of its Dark Souls roots.There are stats you can level up, equipment with weight and defences that you have to find in the world, as well as ""moves"" which you have to learn from NPCs enemies that use them on you. None of this is bad, learning moves is actually an interesting idea, but also none of this has place in a fighting game.I really wanted to like this game and both the premise and execution show a lot of promise, but it just feels like an overblown demo rather than a full game."
76561198162533304,Not Recommended,473690,34620659,Posted: 30 August,all,baby yo,once you complete the game your left to grind on bots or fight 1v1 mode where they pull the plug when ur about to win.
,Not Recommended,473690,34890790,Posted: 11 September,all,Tron Paul,"Biggest dissapointment of the year for me.The artsyle and music are really nice but that's about it. The singleplayer portion of the game is absolutely laughable, being able to be beaten in under 5 hours. The AI is buggy and constantly switches between being completely braindead, to literally reading your inputs and being untouchable. Online fights boil down to one of two things: mindless spamfests, or people turtling the whole fight until they can bait a parry. You only get to experience this riveting pvp when the servers decide to work, which they still have problems doing.DO NOT let the cool art and interesting concept fool you, this game is trash."
76561198119091413,Recommended,473690,34720414,Posted: 3 September,all,Lyon,I've had fun.
,Not Recommended,473690,34587592,Posted: 29 August,all,Strong Dog,"If you wished every encounter was Graverobber, Varg, and Cerah from DS2, this is the game for you.I have a little more time now, so I'm going to elaborate. This game is really fun in 1v1! The PvE in this game is never 1v1. Enemies seem to be linked together in groups, so even when you try to aggro one you get charged by at least three or four, including enemies coming from around blind corners. There is little opportunity to learn the mechanics as you are almost always either up against another player or an entire squad of AI.When I found the first boss I thought it would be an opportunity to get some duel experience in, but halfway through the fight he summons four minions that respawn infinitely to come fight for him. It's very disheartening and I do not like it."
76561198329808896,Recommended,473690,34849771,Posted: 9 September,all,Overlord.GH,i love this game. have nice gameplay
,Not Recommended,473690,34592209,Posted: 29 August,all,ActuallyFBI,Ive been excited for this game for a while big dissapointment its a buggy mess and is just well its boring you run around a map beating up extremly easy enemies even the first boss was super easy to defeatontop of that in my 60 minutes of playing i ran into 3 game breaking bugs1. Fell through map numerous times randomly2. Randomly started the boss battle i was in when i was SUPER far away from the boss starting point3. After sed boss battle the entire game turned into black and just didnt let me do anything
,Not Recommended,473690,34588723,Posted: 29 August,all,Wonhan,"Until content is added, the game is not worth the price tag. If you're into 1v1 fighting, you can pick up many wonderful fighting games that allow such an experience for a much lower price.The game is neat, but the PvE is so little and the PvP can only give you so much fun with the limited playstyles the game has to offer."
76561197970616823,Not Recommended,473690,34698803,Posted: 2 September,all,ssandulak,"Solid 6/10. Would be a 7 or an 8 if not for so many bugs.***Update***Actually going to lower my score to a 5/10. It's an average game with some glaring problems. More bugs have crept up, such as falling through the ground, areas not loading, servers seemingly getting worse. Not to mention little quality of life things like having to log in to quit the game? Not sure who thought that was a good idea. I'm on a pretty decent computer with a good wired internet connection and it's just inexcusable for a released game to have a lot of these problems.And while a lot of others have said they've ended up enjoying the game more after a certain point I think I'm actually going in the opposite direction as it's more frustrating than fun for me now.***End of update***It will constantly hang when loading into or out of combat trials (pvp). As others have said, the servers are hit or miss and I'm in one of the better areas apparently (West coast of Canada). The content is also fairly sparce. Took me about 3-4 hours to beat, and a lot of that was just finding the bosses needed to open the final path. It feels like it should still be in beta to be honest and if you're on the fence, I'd say wait for a decent sale. You'll likely come into the game when it's been polished up, with some more content to boot.A more detailed review:A fun game, especially if you're a sucker for martial arts. That being said, the pace of combat is measured and fairly slow. Difficulty in pve seems to stem from having more than one enemy to fight at a time when the fighting system just isn't well set up for such a thing. I like that the enemies don't just wait their turn from an outside perspective, but in practice it's more frustrating than fun. Collecting/unlocking moves is a clever idea, but is a little tedious (block/parry/dodge to learn moves).The hits feel meaty with real weight behind them though. Many a time I pumped my fist after a particularily nasty jumping kick sent my enemy to the ground in defeat. And pvp feels pretty good most of the time. You'll rarely run into a person with the same moves as the last person you fought.Art style is...fine. They set up a semi interesting world that doesn't really go anywhere. Think a Dark Souls-like story approach, without all the lore...so basically just wandering around fighting folks for no real reason.I've heard the combat compared to both Dark Souls and For Honor, and the former is definitely apt as you're managing stamina and every hit is deliberate. I haven't played For Honor, but from what I saw of the game it had a similar looking parry/block system, but this game could have used the actual indicators of where the opponent is attacking. Some moves you'll swear you've parried it correctly but you'll just get smacked and you're not sure if it was just the wrong direction you hit, or the wrong timing.Customizable loot is cool, and I see a healthy variation from other players. That being said, the drops are RNG based (it seems) so again, it can be a little tedious to unlock that cool mask/vest/etc etc.Final Thoughts:I was looking forward to this game for a while, and it's not a bad game...But in a year like this, with amazing games slapping you across the face (in every genre, on every system) you're better off elsewhere imo. Lots of potential, with just enough weird quirks/annoying bits to keep me from really recommending."
76561198012243143,Not Recommended,473690,34982921,Posted: 15 September,all,Animal Mother,"Servers are still completely unreliable, great core concept, but is heading down the ubisoft path of denial."
,Not Recommended,473690,34594210,Posted: 29 August,all,white wood oil,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME IF YOU LIVE IN ASIA! I'VE GOT MASSIVE LAG /my internet is fast enough, other game works perfectly, there's no internet problem rn/"
76561198107929738,Not Recommended,473690,34616959,Posted: 30 August,all,Prince Pipi,"So far I have spend enough time trying to connect to the servers so I can't refund this game. When I do connect, there is no one, is absolutly empty, I just run around punching some A.I if I do find some. I'v glitched many times such as, falling somewhere for no reason, A.I/boss glitching through walls and getting me stuck in boss fight, textures/meshes/model not loading properly. So far it feels like I paid 30$ for a pre-alpha game.They say they might release a big update to fix server NEXT WEEK. And I was betting a lot on this game to intertain me before divinity: original sins 2. It better work next week because the game looks fabulous and the animations are smooth."
76561198088187524,Recommended,473690,34591768,Posted: 29 August,all,🔥Autumn  Jynxz,The game has such fluid combat it is amazing. It feels amazing. And those moments you duck under a high kick or jump over a low kick just make it that much better. Playing with a friend is nice but not needed. PvP is not an issue. People are very kind in Adal and rarely do you run into ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The world looks beautiful and the story is short but captivating and is very satisying when you finally become an Absolver. Cannot wait for future updates to come.
76561198087752868,Recommended,473690,34700129,Posted: 2 September,all,THE FOOKIN' LEGEND,"TL;DR: If Dark Souls and For Honor had a baby, this game would be it. Buy it.-----I don't write reviews, ever; but this game warrants so much more than a simple review. It warrants our thanks.The main draw of this game is its combat... and it's done incredibly well. It's pretty much the quintessential martial arts fighting game. Sloclap really outdid themselves. It truly is hard to describe how well done the combat is done in this game, but i'll try.The combat is easy to learn, hard to master. There are four stances, Front L/R and Back L/R each with 3 attack slots and an alternate attack slot. There are over 150+ moves in the game that you can learn and your 'Combat Deck' can be completely customized to how you like to play with different moves you learn throughout gameplay. I have yet to meet someone that fought exactly like I do. There are 3 Styles: Windfall, Khalt, and Forsaken. Each one of these starting styles begin with a basic moveset and a unique ability. Windfall players can avoid attacks, Forsaken players can parry attacks, and Khalt can absorb attacks. There is also another style in-game that can be unlocked that is in the style of Drunken Boxing. All players can feint and dodge attacks. Utilization of these mechanics along with the customization of your unique moveset is really what makes this game great.I can tell the development team worked a LONG time on the combat in this game. It is the exact opposite of clunky. Most moves flow together seemlessly and effortlessly. With a wide-range of moves to collect, dozens of hours can be spent to hone your martial arts prowess and develop your very own style. You can even become a Mentor in-game, which allows you to open your own school to share your movesets with your students. Amazing.The PVE aspect in this game is short, but fun as hell. The world map was designed similarly to Dark Souls. All of the different areas connect together to a main hub. When you begin, you can choose to go any path you like, and it's not invalid. From what I can tell, the NPC's scale to your level.The main draw to this game is the PVP. Currently, there is only 1v1 arena matches, but I think they will release new gametypes as the development continues. Fighting other people in this game is truly a unique experience. Each match is different and engaging, because everyone's style of play is different. Some people like to play deliberate and defensively, others like to play aggresively and wild. Each of these has their weaknesses that can be exploited if you utilize all of the tools that the game gives you. After playing this game a while, you really start to feel like a martial arts master.The community in this game is amazing. There is no chat function, akin to Dark Souls, which I think is great. But people communicate through emotes and context clues. I met a lot of really great people that have helped me in this game; it's really comforting to know that the community is non-toxic, because that could really destroy a game like this.Some reviewers have mentioned some kinks that need to be worked out. This is definitely true. But the dev team is working diligently to solve these problems. The game only just released, so it should be expected there are a few bugs that need to be fixed. Just be patient. Keep fighting, learning your characters, and solidifying your style of fighting. New content and bug fixes are forthcoming, but it should not deter you from buying this game. It's worth 2-3 times as much as you pay for. Don't miss out on this hidden gem."
76561197993981981,Not Recommended,473690,34746327,Posted: 4 September,all,Folk,Poor control custimization for left handed KB + M players.
,Not Recommended,473690,34670195,Posted: 1 September,all,FouR,this game is amazingthe fighting style is so good but theres a really big issue and thats the lags that make the game unplayable. what is wrong with your hosts and even u cant choose witch server u want to play i dont know even there is a server so unless they fix this lag and server problems i have to refund the game because its unplayable>>> I will buy The game For Sure if they fix these problems and i recommend u do that too <<<
76561198138700608,Recommended,473690,34733343,Posted: 4 September,all,Apollo Trollo,"Do not buy this game!Why? BECAUSE IT IS DIGITAL OPIOUM.  If I recommend this game it'd be equivalent to a heroin addict recommending you try heroin.Yes, the servers have had serious problems.  But I will tell you the truth, I am happy about these initial server issues.  Because otherwise, I would have played 100+ hours the first five days.  This is how I can prove to you that you should avoid this game: the servers are broke, the developer has said that they are working on fixing it, but there are a ton of people (myself included) who just sit in the title menu spamming ""RECONNECT.""  It's a damn opium den.  Stay far away from this thing.Why is it so addictive?  It's fun.  Pure and simple.  From putting together your move list, learning new moves, and finding new masks, to beating the living crap out of some guy who keeps cheesing you with the Haymaker and also the times you cheese the living crap out of somebody.And all the problems people keep pointing out?  They are real.  But all of its problems are fixable.  And there is a lot of room for improvement.  This game has so much potential it's scary.  The Dev already said they will be adding moves and content.  So, my friends as you can see, stay away from this game.  It's a powerful addiction that will only get more powerful.  Please, do yourself a favor and go play Street Fight 300 or whatever.  Additionally, if you buy this game I will probably smash your cheesy face into the ground.By the way, I feel like a damn heroin addict when it comes to his game. So, forget what I said earlier,  I RECOMMEND THIS GAME 100%.  Try a taste, nobody has ever gotten addicted to anything from just a taste, right?"
,Not Recommended,473690,34758002,Posted: 5 September,all,L0VED,"I can't recommed Absolver as of now. The server issues are far too consistent and the lack of transparency around the connectivity issue from the devs is concerning to say the least. I want to like Absolver, I just can't play it."
,Not Recommended,473690,34747074,Posted: 4 September,all,mental,"The online doesn't work half the time, can't recommend for the state of game right now."
,Recommended,473690,34742674,Posted: 4 September,all,Grimhof,"Fun game up until I fought in Trials, Stagger stance is to op. Servers are a little bad at the moment, but the game has just come out, future patches might fix. If stagger stle is fixed along with the hit boxes I would give 8.5/10."
76561198040346040,Recommended,473690,34659868,Posted: 1 September,all,Zergjerk,"This game has some issues! To be honest all games have some issues.   I personally haven't had any lagg issues or glitches, but some ppl have had em even reseting healt bars on bosses when someone joins the zone you are in.This game is not for those whom want a hand held on rails like Rambo. Open world and ur only goal is kick npcs/players butt and learn new fight moves then customize ur move deck as u like it.I do like this game alot really fluent movement, nice small hitboxes, really nice animations. Bad♥♥♥♥♥combat system.Thou there r minor things that would make this more fun atleast for me.- Minimap  (getting lost is fun sometimes )- proximity voice chat like in planetside 2  would be great with an option to turn it on/off if u want.- in depth tutorial- end game content like shaolin monstary raid. would be fun to have 50 ""drunk""master monks vs 5 players  with a totally hammered end boss  =D"
,Not Recommended,473690,34704308,Posted: 2 September,all,Lord Nikon,Just not any fun.
,Recommended,473690,34704147,Posted: 2 September,all,Archon,"I love this game, fighting is fun and learning and building your own style is great. The main draw for this is the pvp however. If your coming in as someone looking for a primarily pve experiance you may find the game a tad short as of right now."
76561198069673339,Recommended,473690,34626050,Posted: 30 August,all,Swollwonder,"-New to game-Find guy fighting NPC-Curb stomp NPC together-Go on my way-Guy follows-Guy hits me from behind-Proceed to bash his head in-Laugh as I could revive him but don't11/10 would bash frenemies head in againTL:DRPros:-Very Good Balance-LOTS AND LOTS AND LOTS (AND LOTS) of customization possibleNeutral-Lack of actual story made up for with atmosphere (think Dark Souls with a worse ending).-Grindy progressionCons:-Servers are potato right now (temporary launch issue)-Region locked (temporary)-Stats are locked. Once spent, thats it.-Game is hard until you manage to unlock more movesPros:- EXTREME amounts of customization. Armor gives stats and there are nine armor slots. Trade out damage for defense and vice versa. But the real king of customization is your combat deck. Learn moves, use them however you want, and make your own sweet martial arts combos. Want to use all punches? Go for it. Want to use a bunch of fancy flying kicks? Nothings stopping you. There is a ton of customization in this game. If you're someone who likes to try out every single combination in order to find the best one...good luck.-Balance is pretty good despite when you first start the game and think Windfall is op. Forbidden and Windfall seemed balance. Khalt may need a slight buff.Neutral things-Story/Atmosphere The game is basically Dark Souls in this regard. You're in a strange land, given a task with very little about the why, and there are crazy people everywhere. Unlike Dark Souls the ending is...well its not really good. Kinda cool but also not. I'm putting this under neutral because some people will like this and some will not.-Grinding moves. To learn moves for the combat deck, you have to guard against them. Some NPC's you don't even need to block and can take down quite quickly which doesn't help with learning anything for your deck. Some people like the grind, others don't so it's under neutral.Cons-The online play is awful right now. Like terrible. Servers have, in my case, barely been up at all. When they are up they've been fine but that require thems to be up. Should be temporary-Building your deck is painful at the beginning. Once it gets started you notice how much better you are but being limited in your moveset sets you back pretty signicantly.-Stats are locked. Moves scale like dark souls, corresponding to different stats like strength and dexterity. This means if you start spending stats and mess up, you're done. Need to have a build in mind when starting. That said, it is possible to beat the game without investing heavily into your stats. Still an issue.-Game is region locked for friends. Devs said they're going to fix it.It's a good game especially for $30. You want a good For Honor? Absolvers for you."
,Not Recommended,473690,34635186,Posted: 31 August,all,Nomaru,The game is literally unplayable outside of the tutorial area if you're in oceania.
,Not Recommended,473690,34605154,Posted: 30 August,all,Mr.Potato,FIX THE ASIA/SEA SERVERS PLS
76561198024637567,Not Recommended,473690,34593947,Posted: 29 August,all,~Matt,"Says PVP based connection. Most players are American or European (I am Australian) I'm lagging like garbage. Glitching every where, can't land shots or time parries gg."
,Not Recommended,473690,34590598,Posted: 29 August,all,SickLilSlug,"Came into the game not knowing what to expect, I seen all the hype behind this game but it wasnt enough to make me get behind it, figured Id give it a shot at launch and I gotta say..sent in a refund request pretty damn quickly...I was expecting to atleast get some fun outta this game, I didnt think it would be even close to a game I would want to refund but boy oh boy is it bad..Okay so its not to bad...well it wouldnt be if the issues I have with the game would be fixed. The online server is hard to get a connection to but thats to be expected on launch days of games nowadays, I also have issues with ghosting a bit no matter what graphical settings I use but thats still not my main problem. My problem lies within the gameplay and really 2 big parts of the gameplay that make this would be fun game unplayable for me. The Camera and targeting system are the worst designed parts of this game. The camera gets clipped in soooo many walls and gives you horrid angles  when locked onto a enemy that its impossible to tell where others are alot of the times. This combined with the overly complicated way to switch between targets(Which doesnt even work unless the enemies are side by side), and having typically 3+ mobs at once makes a enjoyable experience only frusterating."
76561198046535781,Not Recommended,473690,34593210,Posted: 29 August,all,Instinction,Region locked.
76561198053988784,Not Recommended,473690,34591718,Posted: 29 August,all,Stephen,"PvE experience is far too short for players that were interested in that aspect. I was under the impression that is would be a game more akin in design to Dark Souls, with an expansive world, larger numbers of enemies with unique styles and weapons, and the risk of other players preying upon you. Instead, theres a single, fairly small but complex map with a few bosses and a strong emphasis on matchmade PvP."
76561197970677431,Not Recommended,473690,34593973,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr. Death,Buggy hot mess with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers. I will try again during the winter sale.
,Recommended,473690,34624718,Posted: 30 August,all,IllmaticK,"The first day was pretty bad for Australian servers. But now that the developers have brought the OCE servers online, it is lag free and amazing to play.The story is it's weakest point, but the gameplay, mechanics and co-operative aspects of Absolver are it's strongest. The fighting styles all have their weaknesses and strengths and they all seem pretty balanced but I have yet to play the Drunken Style as of yet.In summary7/10 would recommend today, on launch no. Credit to the developers for bringing the servers back online in two days after promising that there would be OCE servers on day one. It shows that they recognize community anger/feedback and are quick to rectify them."
76561198029288288,Not Recommended,473690,34659912,Posted: 1 September,all,Reavion,"First of all I would like to say that this game has amazing potential and the idea behind it is great. However I am very disappointed in the state of the game. It feels as if you're playing an alpha test of a game instead of a full release.The devs say they will update regularly adding new stuff to the game, but I wouldn't recommend it as it is right now. There is barely a story being told and it's all very vague and hard to follow. Not to mention that after 5 hours of derping around, me and my brother finished all the marked ones including the tower and 'the secret'.There's too few things to do and to explore so the game became very dull and repetitive after finishing the PvE content.Combat trials are boring as hell cause 9/10 people spam fast attacks and knock backs to make you fall and die. Lag also helps those spammers to become close to invincible.Overall it's got good potential but currently not worth the $30."
,Recommended,473690,34700575,Posted: 2 September,all,Captain Cockslam,Its fun
,Recommended,473690,34623929,Posted: 30 August,all,Orbsa,"I've finally beat the main storyline so I'm writing a review.Pros:Great PVP gameBeautiful WorldFashionIt's actually balanced *Cons:Servers (currently)Short Main StoryA couple bugsMy aching knuckles from playing so intenselyThe game is well worth the purchase. For now, while the servers are having issues, it's still fun to play offline mode and explore the world. I know there is plenty to do even after the main story is beat. Most of the bugs will be fixed in future patches and I fully believe in Sloclap fixing all gamebreaking bugs shortly.The PVP is intense, and although I wish I could type my feelings to 'ButtSword69' I find that the emotes are actually a neat feature as it keeps most contacts to something different from most games (Really like DS). If there were text/voice it would probably end up getting pretty toxicI really hope we end up getting free DLC as well as other updates. I'm fine with world expansion DLC costing some cash ($5-$10) as long as it doesn't end up giving new moves that some would consider unfair*Yes, It is balanced. Some people are complaining that a great combo or really fast combo is unbeatable, but that's not true at all. I'm may not be good at the game, but if people are keeping up the same combo, It's really easy to hold your block, and watch. Learn there combo. They can't edit there deck midgame. Find out the perfect time to counter and do it. The best advice I can give is to study your opponent.I'd easily rate this atleast 8/10. While I'd like more story, I also can't wait to enjoy PVP more when the servers are functioning smoothly.Also, Goodjob sloclap for making traversing the map as confusing as possible"
,Not Recommended,473690,34698640,Posted: 2 September,all,McCree from Gamecube,"Un-fun game that almost seems confused with itself, good luck trying to do anything in this game, because if the complete lack of information on how to do anything except move and click doesn't get you, the crappy servers will."
,Not Recommended,473690,34723089,Posted: 3 September,all,RetroBoss,"Great game, cursed by too many bugs and poor servers. Will recommend in about one month's time, if updates are regular."
76561198329564980,Not Recommended,473690,34705611,Posted: 3 September,all,Yung Bean,"This game as is, is awful. The PvE is bland and uninteresting. There is pretty much no story to the game whatsoever and the story last maybe four hours but that's only because you get lost. The PvP has a lot of potential to be fun, but the dev doesn't seem to care about the problems at the moment. The match making is awful. i'm currently 5 levels under max and i'm either fighting people who are level 33 and have no moves, or max levels who know the game inside and out, there is no in between where i feel like the gameplay is actaully fun. And the way you learn moves isn't really well thought out seeing is how you have to either grind blocking a bot, or beat grind another player who has it and then also win that fight. Also, the beta was exclusive to streamers and now the server pretty much isn't there. In the 13 hours i have in the game maybe 1 and a half has been online, and like i said the PvE is ♥♥♥♥ing awful and boring.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL THE DEVS FIX IT"
76561197977496310,Not Recommended,473690,34717142,Posted: 3 September,all,Corpsed,"This game is about memorization. The only way to progress past tough enemies is to spend potentially hours memorizing their moves so that you can react to each move with a the corresponding dodge or counter. You also need to memorize your moves and what stance you finish your move in for your next attack.  Other games get away with being too tough by having nice graphics, a compelling storyline, and a cool environment/characters. Instead, you get faceless characters, a pointless storyline, and graphics that look like they are from from Sega Dreamcast. If you're not fighting, then you're running around an annoying map (that often forces you to run in circles to reach your destination) looking for your target, with nothing interesting happening in between.The combat does look really cool sometimes, but at the end of the day the game is brought down by a boring memorization grind. If they had given the game a long, engaging storyline and put the difficulty curb on a scale where characters sort of learn the moves and get better at the game at a natural pace over time(this is call fun), rather than being forced into tough fights where they literally have to die, rinse, repeat while they memorize each enemy move, over and mover and over, then it would have been a nice ride.I really tried to like this game... unfortunately it's unforgiving and boring."
,Not Recommended,473690,34708035,Posted: 3 September,all,Jester,"This game has alot going for it. In all honesty if the map was not so hard to navigate on, some moves being so easy to abuse (can't avoid that) or the fact that half the time the special abilities your class get arn't responsive to your mouse movements make it incredibly hard to overlook that this game needs to be ran through a polisher a few times before even being realised into beta. Great artwork movement syncs and everything but alot of moves are to easy to spam due to low stamina cost and quick movesets with INCREDIBLE TRACKING, making dodging completely useless and a .05 second time between using the ability and the time to hit them is incredibly hard to parry or set up an absorb. You also get stuck on walls at times and there is absolutely nothing you can do to get out of them except die and respawn elsewhere. Don't even try to team up because you will be doing more damage to your friends than the actual enemies. Overall i'd pick this game up for around 5-10$ at most 15$ until they release more content."
76561198324313619,Recommended,473690,34716432,Posted: 3 September,all,Notorious,i love this game but there are some serious issues that i need to address the game crashes and freezes when i try to explore certain areas near the colloseam and near hunting path and everything else in that direction you may experience abit of lag on online servers depending on region i personally think the npcs on offline mode are too easy but thats just me this game is amazing and when everything is patched up and working as well as it looks in the trailer on all servers all regions and on all compatible machines this is by far going to be the best game on steam its already a title contender but the lag when online and you may experience a few freezes and crashes here and there but otherwise the game is amazing and definitely worth getting
,Not Recommended,473690,34728843,Posted: 3 September,all,RemyBlas,"The game seems great, fun gameplay and beautiful graphics... at least from the few hours I could play. Now it's stuck in ""server connection failed"" every time I try to play. If they ever fix this issue and I'm able to play again, I might change my review. Till then, I wouldn't recommend it."
76561198090309652,Not Recommended,473690,34659799,Posted: 1 September,all,Qyl,"As much as i like the game, a technical problem comes up every time i open the game. Either it doesn't load and have to reinstall the game, the server is down, it crashes, it gets bugged when i try to change controls settings, the server lags and i can't attack for some reason. And this in like 3-4 hours of playing. If it wasn't for the technical problems it would be a great game. Hope it'll get some fixes cause right now playing this game just makes me angry."
,Not Recommended,473690,34591715,Posted: 29 August,all,Paladine,REGION LOCK!IF YOU ARE PLANING TO BUY THIS GAME TO PLAY ONLINEDON'T BUY THISDON'T  WASTE YOUR MONEY IN A OFFLINE FIGHT GAME.SAVE YOUR MONEY!
76561198020624678,Not Recommended,473690,34644169,Posted: 31 August,all,Gronkar,"I really wanted to like this game, the art is good the idea is nice. The combo building is sooo good. However... trying to play solo is like a boss battle, every single time you fight 3 or more enemies, which is often. The boss themselves feel easier, just because you can read their movies and dodge accordingly. But, the random mobs? or even a boss with multiple mobs... like 1v3 is just To hard in this game. Match that with a Very clunky dodge system and imo, anything outside of a 1v1 is just a complete mess.Now, a 1v1 on the other hand, is glorious. It's fun gets the heart beating. Gotta think, a lot to win after a 1v3 against mobs almost killed you. Then it comes to the amount of cliffs and instakills..... there is just way to damn many. every single zone has a place that if you fall, you prob gunna die. and some have more than walkable pathways. And what is worse? if you push an enemy off, and they don't actually go off and just kinda sit there, but your character ""falls"" to their level, even if it looks like it's the same height, you can't attack, and just get beat to death.Lastly, the servers. We on day 3 now and the servers are down, again? This is why most games have a ""beta"" weekend for the preorders, or even a a free for all week to stress test their servers. It's ok when it's laggy then, because hey it's not ""released"" yet. But to have this issue still? It's only been 3 days, so I guess it's not That big of a deal.... but it's been 3 days... I bought a game that claimed to have online modes. So far been playing single player because heeyyyy online mode is broken.Last thing is the story. If you are expecting a story told to you in a way you can understand, think again. Be prepared to wonder wth is going on, and figure it out mostly by yourself through what you see in the game. The opening cutscene for example has no words in it at all. I kinda like this, but only a bit more than the tradition story told, with voices. The fact everyone wears masks adds to the ""wth is going on""My main issue with the game is the clutchy dodge system. I was using a controller at first, and thought ""Man, I am just not dodgeing in time. maybe it takes to long to reach the thumb stick?"" only to play with keyboard and mouse, which btw is better, only to find out ohhhhh no. I am not slow in dodgeing, the GAME is slow with dodgeing. If you are in the middle of an attack, even a light fist boop, you can't dodge and cancel your attack to avoid an attack you REALLY want to avoid. Maybe this would not be an issue if all attacks had the same range? Or you could cancel your attack and just dodge, much like the block animation?The game is all about fighting, and to have issues with that is a real bummer. Even more so because there is not much else here."
76561198120827296,Not Recommended,473690,34692896,Posted: 2 September,all,Derpinator,"I had high hopes for the game but now that i have put some hours into the multiplayer aspect of it, all i can say is that the game is quite the let down, unbalanced matches, lag here and there, dodge is horrible, and spammers, i dont know if its intentional or if its a bug but the fact that there are ppl who abuse this 1 spamming move that the devs have implemented in the game is literally just A** i really hope this is something the devs did not mean to put in the game, but if thats what the devs did on purpose then shame on them. Highly recommend that u wait that this spamming, lag, unbalanced matches and the dodge that is horrible get fixed, after that it MIGHT be an enjoyable game, right now tho...i could say its worse then For Honor. And dont even get me started with the story, that story needs alot ALOT of content, simply put, the story is just you fighting very VERY hard bosses just to get some gear so you wont get instantly killed in PvP. The story lacks pretty much everything except the fighting, i even might say there is too much of it. The bosses in the other hand are just dumb, insane difficulty right off the bat, if you do some how manage to defeat the first boss with just your first try without any gear, (bcs thats apparently how your suppostu defeat it, without gear) then you a god. Other then that, honestly...at the moment the game is bad."
76561198391567975,Not Recommended,473690,34695936,Posted: 2 September,all,deniabletech6,The game is half way decent if the connection holds up for me most of the time i'm not fighting the npc's or people i'm fighting the games connection problems
76561198016062597,Not Recommended,473690,34695985,Posted: 2 September,all,Bocacha,"Online works like crap and is the 70% of the game, don't bother buying it right now, wait until devs start working on it seriously."
76561198086276188,Not Recommended,473690,34594388,Posted: 29 August,all,Triple,Poor npc mechanic along with being swarmed by 10 of them at a time then have a player radomly either come in to help you or help the npcs kick your♥♥♥♥♥♥in. have fun
76561198007506361,Not Recommended,473690,34596148,Posted: 29 August,all,Lodreus,"By all means the game is very interesting. I like the theme, combat style, meeting players but not the fighting mechanics or the AI. I'm so much used to For Honor. In For Honor I felt like I had more control over my character. It felt more fast pace and I really liked the locking on system. This on the other hand had the opposite of that. I feel very gutted that I didn't come to enjoy this.Gettting back to the AI. They are way too aggressive in this game, and I don't think your able to counter the attacks like you could in For Honor. It's more of a jab, dodge or back off and repeat till you bring it down to reasonable number to handle the fight. Which fair enough some can do that but for me I couldn't manage to pull it off. The AI is so grouped that your attack is gonna lead to getting hit by the 2nd attacker, which results in you losing HP. Call me sh*t or whatever, don't care. But I just don't like the way they act in this. Again, For Honor had better AI and better fighting mechanics. Just shame that the game is overrun by players playing same character because of its moves set.No doubt I'll come by checking on the game and discussions to see what's happening. I very much like to get back into the game but I do not want to waste money whilst waiting for improvements."
,Not Recommended,473690,34637837,Posted: 31 August,all,Fisiacik ♥,"For 30 euros you'll get a game that has almost no content, 3 hours long PVE campaing with 3 bosses and a PVP 1v1 mode where you quickly realise what an unbalanced mess this is (low attacks and quick jabs are stupid).It's a little bit better than For honor I would say, not much though.Game also suffers from constant crashing, horrible texture streaming and framerate that goes to zeros.Can't recommend this game."
,Recommended,473690,34595790,Posted: 29 August,all,[TLR] Pow-Pow (Mewtine),I like this game more than cheese and that means alot.
,Recommended,473690,34746919,Posted: 4 September,all,Shippage,rip servers
,Recommended,473690,34889592,Posted: 11 September,all,Slyphur,"""My kung fu is stronger than yours.""That's what this game is all about.Can you master the art, that is, your own?  Your failure is your own, your victory is your own.  If you've ever played a game called God Hand, then this is right up your alley.  If you have love for the PvP style of Dark Souls, you'll fit right in.  If you've been looking for a juicy fighting game to bite into to and will reward you for skillful gameplay, this one was made for you.Not all fights will be fair, just like life.  Sometimes you have to face multiple opponents, sometimes they will have better gear, sometimes they are stronger... but it all comes down to the kung-fu, and which one is stronger, which one is more skilled.The possibilities I've seen so far are quite endless.  What might be meta for a week will soon devolve into the next counter build or next step up.  The game is constantly changing with new updates and patches.  The developers genuinely care about their product, and that alone is worth putting your hat into this wonderful open-world fighting game experience.A bit buggy, but what game in the last five years hasn't been released a bit buggy.  The developers have been working hard and patching the game.  Give em' some love in an age of EA / Capcom corporation fighting game monopoly."
76561198005977174,Recommended,473690,34890118,Posted: 11 September,all,Kogirius,"Fantastic fighter with a dash of Dark Souls and Journey. You punch and kick your way through a short campaign through beautiful locations, training for the PvP duels, which are great thanks to the strong core fighting system, which is both deep and fun. Punches are weighty and satisfying, dodges are rewarding, and the community is nice. Hell, the only downside to the game is that there is not that much content as it deserves, but hey, it is a cheap one and the dev team is small. Lagging issues have been mostly resolved."
,Not Recommended,473690,34791842,Posted: 7 September,all,Serious asian businessman,game deleted all my save
,Not Recommended,473690,34735546,Posted: 4 September,all,Done,"Piece of ""hot"" garbage""Competetive fighting game"" sure, people can cheat with cheatengine.If you think EA servers are bad, you should play Absolver to unlock the ultimate cancer.Good parts; You can play without lagging if you go offline mode, 3-4 hours of play time to finish the game. Is it worth? No.Overall; Devs, go ♥♥♥♥ yourselves."
,Recommended,473690,34735679,Posted: 4 September,all,Van Geaux,"TL;DRI'd recommend the game, even with lags problem the moment this was written. It's still enjoyable in offline mode although you'll miss quite a lot if you don't go online.The GameAbsolver is, one of a kind, a unique try on mixing fighting and adventure genre I have to say. It introduce combat system you can customize and you can learn moves to enrich your battles, to become more unpredictable. Starting as a Prospect, you're given the task to beat bosses, The Marked Ones, and carved your way top to finally be recognized as an Absolver. In your way to them you will meet Lost Prospects, NPC Prospects, and other player Prospects/Absolvers. The world is made that you can meet them anywhere and it's up to you what to do the moment you meet them. The game is short and can be finished in a few hours, but there's much to it that the story itself. There's also the Combat Trial, a PVP ground where you can test your skill against other players and raise your school level.The CombatsEach moves aside from the ones you already know in the start have to be learned from your opponent. Each successful block/evade from your opponent's attack will give you more understanding to the moves they were using and eventually you'll learn them. There are also stances, which determine your block/evade type that you have to learn in schools owned by other players aside from the one you picked at the start. You can then build your moveset in the Combat Deck, and every moves you connect will have their own gimmick. Whether they'll connect seamlessly, give you ability to evade certain attacks, bypass your opponent's defense, and so on. It is very rich and dynamic there's no guarantee a build will work the same for two different person.The WeaponsThere are only two weapons in the game that is sword and gauntlet. The first one of each types you'll get on certain boss while the other you'll get once your PVP level grow. You can summon your own weapon and enemies also can drop their weapon if you hit them hard enough but you can't keep the ones you picked in field to summon later. Each weapon have durability and will break once it hit zero due to attacking or receiving attacks for too much.The CustomizationsIt was build not only around Combat Decks but also on status as in STR, DEX, STA, and so that you'll get a point for every level you gain. Stats, Decks, Stances, and the way you play the game combined will definitely make your character like no other. There are Cairns, chests if you will, scattered around the map that will give you clothing items. And they also drops from NPC and Combat Trials, the PVP arena. There are quite a bit of clothing items to choose from. And they vary from their color and the state they are in. Generally the clean/new ones are heavier and gave better deffense.The ProblemAs it is now the only problem I can point out is that the servers are unreliable. By my experience there are instances where you'll get lags. Attacks won't connect and you'll darting and teleporting around the place, sort of super saiyans fights as everyone likes to say. I don't think it's a regional problem. I'm in SEA and I did a test with my mate, we are using the same connection and equal machine and we did tests the connection in Combat Trials. Sometimes it was me that were lagging and sometimes it was him. In fields it's still bearable, but in Combat Trials I can;t do nothing 8 times out of 10. The moment they'll fix it the game will be very enjoyable.The VerdictSure, lag problem will kill it off for some people but to my opinion the potential value of the game far outweight the problem. It's a must have considering the price, uniqueness, and brilliant PVE and PVP enjoyment."
,Not Recommended,473690,34736287,Posted: 4 September,all,PoHx,"The game WOULD recieve a recommendation, if it weren't for a few key things:-High level and skill players camping low level areas and farming kills off of new players who are not against T-bagging and false reviving, trying to do anything resembling grinding prospects for gear requires me to set my world to invite only or I will end up being attacked from behind by two random dudes in a cooperation.-Connection to the servers can get extremely annoying when your trying to A, Actually fight someone, or B, meet onling with a steam friend.-Crashing and freezing happens more then it should (It shouldn't happen at all but you know what I mean).During the times the reasons listed above are not an issue, it's a fun game. But being new, there is still lots of work to be done-Not necessarily a bad thing, but the game is EXTREMELY pvp oriented. If you are not a fan of this and just want to play the game for what you could call a ""story"", after cutting out the time it will take you to find out where you are supposed to be going after running in very large circles at first, you can beat the games ""story"" in less than 3 hours, after which there is next to NOTHING you can do without doing Combat Trials."
76561198044116442,Recommended,473690,34893018,Posted: 11 September,all,Chad,Had no problems with servers. Good♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy if you like playing monks in videogaems.
,Not Recommended,473690,34724570,Posted: 3 September,all,Jet,A good idea. Visually appealing.Terrible execution.You can only win in pvp (the primary focus) via stunlocks.If you do not use stunlocks you will be stunlocked.So the only time you can have fun with this game and enjoy it is when fighting AI (who fight suboptimally most of the time) or new players who don't know the meta.The first gets somewhat stale after a while and the second will become progressively harder to find after a few weeks.Disappointing really.
,Not Recommended,473690,34891749,Posted: 11 September,all,GachiMuchi,Laggy open worldGrind fest for 100+ moves but only a dozen are viableOnly one stat build viableCool armor and masks only obtainable through Pvp rewardsPvp rewards are locked behind RNGHigh level pvp filled with tryhards and cancer spamfestNot the For Honor killer it was hyped to be.
,Not Recommended,473690,34705983,Posted: 3 September,all,mrv,"As much as I love this game I advise you not to buy it,I mean, the combat is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome but it stops there.The game has a ""storymode"" but after you complete it in about 3 to 4 hours, you have to do a ng+ and you can only do that if you level up in pvp, the thing is that is simply frustrating. If you manage to play on the servers (because they are down almost all the time) you're gonna experience lag, not just a bit of lag, a ♥♥♥♥TON of lag and basically you won't win almost any of your pvp battles, making the path to finishing the ng+ a grindy nightmare.As much as I love the combat and the atmosphere, I cannot recommend this game, the servers are bad, so bad that you'll want to kill yourself, in pvp battles the enemies will spam attacks and you won't be able to dodge because the server doesn't register it. If you still are considering buying this mess, just remember that probably you won't be able to finish your pvp battles anyway because the server will probably go down while you are fighting."
76561198104314126,Not Recommended,473690,34803136,Posted: 7 September,all,Flaching,This game is laggy af and the fact that you can fight people that are master lvl in your first session of gaming sucks. I don't think anyone should spend 30$ on a game as repetetive and bad as this one
,Not Recommended,473690,34627603,Posted: 30 August,all,Bookie,SCUM. Servers are offline almost for 2 days. When it's online - it's unplayable because of lags (even bots are lagging). PVP game without real PVP. Amazing start.
76561198072850612,Not Recommended,473690,34786592,Posted: 6 September,all,themashedavenger,"bit of a one trick pony.this game has a SOMEWHAT unique combat system that someone decided to cash in on and make a whole game based on that.it is very grindy and feels (and looks) like a beta, ""story"" mode is very short and pointless (though probly the most fun part), and apart from that the only other mode is 1v1 pvp... yawn.seems like they have tried to give the illusion of content by not telling you how anything works and making you experiment or ask around for facts."
,Not Recommended,473690,34629316,Posted: 31 August,all,mikha,"""Players will roam the world as their own independent ‘server’""Yeah... No.Servers are down for OCE, can't play coop yet. Will change upon patch."
76561198084097664,Not Recommended,473690,34627550,Posted: 30 August,all,Dr Hugh.G.Rection,"After playing for 40 min or so I found the Lag to be so bad I just set up for a refund instantly.Playing from Aus seems to be almost impossible, from what i've read and expirenced. I'll probably pick it up again if they fix the issuses but it's still disapointing was really looking forward to playing that game and the combat seemed like was interesting and cool for the bref moments of connection, shame :("
,Not Recommended,473690,34722930,Posted: 3 September,all,raymaru,"8h to finish the game then 1on1 all day, have fun, with spamming not interruptable skills or  another op attacks, stupid and boring pvp i ever seen"
76561198044303065,Not Recommended,473690,34863208,Posted: 10 September,all,Sayash,Can't connect anymore since the latest patch.Servers were already buggy before that.I was really hyped for this game...sadly it is unplayable for me at this point.
,Recommended,473690,34729568,Posted: 4 September,all,Zedaso,"Amazing game. Worth every penny. The reviews are mixed due to server issues, but the devs are active on Steam, Reddit and have their own official Discord server where you can talk to them. I have high hopes for this game and the server issues will no doubt be fixed soon, they are aware of the issues.The PvP in this game is incredible, most people compare it to For Honor, and as someone who played many hours of For Honor, this game is far more enjoyable. Some people even compare certain elements of the game to Dark Souls, so if you like those games, you'll love this one.The artwork, map design and animations are all stunning. The customization of moves and the huge amount of different combinations you can have along with the ability to create your own martial arts school to invite people to, and the ability customize your outfit and mask with loads of different choices, will keep you entertained for thousands of years."
,Recommended,473690,34730911,Posted: 4 September,all,Lord Sandisk,"Incredible! Fable meets Ip Man!The walking around and exploring side of this game is very Fable, coming across random people who are always up for a fight, the main area is mixed between online and NPCs - this is good!Then comes to the fighting ... Wow! A game that requires ACTUAL skill to progress?! Awesome stuff. I love battering my way through a couple of enemies at a time, playing with a friend is a bonus taking it in turns to bash the NPCs it's all very smooth and fluid.Customise your character, your fighting moves and your special skills!I've never felt like a game has ever deserved my time to say my piece about it, but this one has ticked all the boxes for me.Get it, master it and enjoy the challenge!"
,Recommended,473690,34585296,Posted: 29 August,all,Zeal,Good Game.
76561198093572752,Not Recommended,473690,34829429,Posted: 8 September,all,KrisCross,"Few hours into the game and it has me hooked, but it has a few things that bugs me and its very annoying.Would i recommend it? If the online functionality is fine on this new update i'll edit my review and recommend this game. :DThe art style is great, but there seems to be too little variety in how you can customize your character.Add some more hairstyles and hair colors, the roster is too small.The map is just terrible. Make it more obvious how one area connects to the next area.The camera is too close... When i fight more than 3 lost prospects, the camera becomes your enemy. Could you adjust the camera a little farther when you have to fight more than one enemy?Then the online aspect, my character just bounces all over the place in online mode. I play other online games but I don't have my character jumping all over the place when I block attacks and then my own attacks dont reach even though i clearly see it hit the enemy. So I can't utilize the online functionality on my end, and i have to play offline mode.The difficulty of the game is alright. Not too hard.The learning mechanism of the game is so familiar, but i can't remember where it came from. I love the idea but if you are a completionist you will find it frustrating unless you chose the easiest stance at the start of the game.Overall its a great game but i'd give it 7/10 because online function is just all over the place and the camera is too close. It also seems like the game is too short storywise."
,Not Recommended,473690,34867604,Posted: 10 September,all,Sarada,When your doing Trials and PvP Actually scale with your level i dont want to be going against ♥♥♥♥ing level 60-100s as a level 31. Like fix your pvp system so we can get paired with people at our level
,Recommended,473690,34586873,Posted: 29 August,all,Slothh,Got the♥♥♥♥♥♥beat out of me as soon as I left the tutorial. 11/10
,Recommended,473690,34621434,Posted: 30 August,all,Wares Thugdo,"Wonderful game! The alpha was amazing fun, as were the betas. Can't wait for more friends to get into this game!"
76561198120540428,Recommended,473690,34698075,Posted: 2 September,all,Spreelly,its fun offline you will get ganked by the AI alot but most of the time youll win.
76561198059166129,Recommended,473690,34590563,Posted: 29 August,all,Iori Namagashi,"Im a simple man, i see a new game i preorder."
,Recommended,473690,34611237,Posted: 30 August,all,Storm,basically the objective is to push the other guy off the cliff. yeah its an okay game i guess. 10/10 would buy again.
76561198044018246,Recommended,473690,34698237,Posted: 2 September,all,Mr.Mishima,"Everybody was kung-fu fightingThose kicks were fast as lightningIn fact it was a little bit frighteningBut they fought with expert timingThey were funky China men from funky ChinatownThey were chopping them up and they were chopping them downIt's an ancient Chinese art and everybody knew their partFrom a feint into a slip, and kicking from the hipEverybody was kung-fu fightingThose kicks were fast as lightningIn fact it was a little bit frighteningBut they fought with expert timingThere was funky Billy Chin and little Sammy ChungHe said here comes the big boss, let's get it onWe took a bow and made a stand, started swinging with the handThe sudden motion made me skip now we're into a brand knew tripEverybody was kung-fu fightingThose kicks were fast as lightningIn fact it was a little bit frighteningBut they did it with expert timingKeep on, keep on, keep on, keep onEverybody was kung-fu fightingThose kicks were fast as lightningIn fact it was a little bit frighteningMake sure you have expert timingKung-fu fighting, had to be fast as lightningKeep on, keep on, keep on"
,Recommended,473690,34697252,Posted: 2 September,all,SiDzinhu,:)
,Recommended,473690,34596819,Posted: 29 August,all,BobaWett,Good game. Fun but small pve world. PvP is a blast
,Recommended,473690,34597864,Posted: 29 August,all,VovOne,Just for statistics
,Recommended,473690,34625604,Posted: 30 August,all,Surly,"A strange blend of souls-era action-rpg, 3d fighting game, and deck building game - there is really just no other game like it. The combat is satisfying, challenging, and subtle in a way that really builds the feeling that you're on a mythic journey of martial arts mastery. Rad stuff all around.As a sidenote, it has some bugs currently (31 August 2017), but most of them are minor, and I refuse to let them get in the way of such a creative and visionary game. A small dev with an idea this great deserves a chance."
,Not Recommended,473690,34595777,Posted: 29 August,all,HCH,"I love the game, but if your an Australian, don't expect to have a good time PVE online. It just won't happen. Teleporting enemies, being teleported into punches, attacks through mobs like their ♥♥♥♥ing ghosts, other playings zipping across the map like some sort of Wu-shu poltergeist, it is just bad bad bad. On the other hand, the dedicated PVP encounters seem mostly ok, so there is that. All in all, the game is fantastic but so much of it is gated behind poor performance. :("
76561198147473423,Recommended,473690,34599705,Posted: 29 August,all,ObiJaunCanolli,"The game is great and has most of the things I was anticipating for weeks. However, the graphical settings could use an OFF options instead of low. Foliage for example, when it's turned to low makes almost no difference. It just has the same amount of grass just at a very low quality and that amount seems to lag up my computer. Please put in an OFF option for this. Turning shadows to low just makes it dark which I have no complaints about, but every time I turn, you're blasted with a huge blast of lighting from no where and it just makes it annoying. I really would like to enjoy this game for what it is and learn all the mechanics, but at this time, it's almost near impossible. I know that most people have a better computer set up than me so im still recommending it, but please take the little man into consideration and consider the OFF option in the graphical settings please."
76561198060486254,Not Recommended,473690,34584005,Posted: 29 August,all,Tenacious Tissue Box 11111113131,"Combat wasn't fun for me, but the art style was pretty cool."
,Not Recommended,473690,34622314,Posted: 30 August,all,xxplosivekp,Pass!!!!
,Not Recommended,473690,34642068,Posted: 31 August,all,Scivir,"If you're like me and at all any kind of degree invested in martial arts then I should inform you that this game makes them the most dull and meaningless possible.Unlike fighting games where they make the moves flashier or more suited to a character who performs his own versions of them while also being fun and cool charactersOr regular sports games that may involve UFC, Karate, or Boxing(Which aren't really developed nowadays) where the moves are incredible accurate to portrayal and mostly focused on technique and how you would look with proper training and what not.Instead this game has several moves that just seem to be ripped from ""fighting 101"" and the turning point of my dislike for this is when I had to perform a spin to do an uppercutNot only that as a amateur in boxing myself I noticied that I couldn't stack moves so I wouldn't ever be able to do a 1, 1, 2 with proper jabbing and generally most moves being ""Hook"" and then ""Spin Hook"" which is doing a 360 turn then punching them which is completely wasted movement.It doesn't feel like they even took inspiration from any kind of paticular martial arts either it just feels like they saw stuff in fighting games or media and though ""that looks cool"" but put it in without receiving any real input or proper thoughts on it other than making it incredibly boring.Ontop of that there's also something that bothers me in the fact that characters do not have different build types and if you know anything about fighting it's that different builds are suited for different ways of fighting and it limits customization for characters.This is only my thoughts and opinions of what I played and then when I refunded the game but I didn't think it would be worth it because of how boring I could tell it was going to turn out for me.Two things I want to add-onit's a good game for $15 not $30and you can't be a pro-wrestler"
,Recommended,473690,35019480,Posted: 17 September,all,Battlex,"I simply love this game, it does have it's glitches and server issues form time to time, but those are activly being fixed. The way the pvp works in this game no 2 fights feel the same, and I also love the art style. currently i would rate this game a 9/10 because of the bugs, but once those are fixed, it will definitely be a 10/10."
,Not Recommended,473690,34686054,Posted: 2 September,all,CureamyOsheen,"To be honest i was hyped, I was extremely hyped, Seeing a game that not only has melee fighting only (which is something i love) But is also multiplayer with story was amazing. But i soon find out that the darn servers are down. And the story is kind of boring, It was really something that took the satisfaction out of the game. I thought you guys knew what you were doing when there was a story and multiplayer, But it seems like you didn't... sorry but i just wasted some money. Don't fully release it yet, It isn't ready. Get some patches first and THEN go ahead and release it."
76561198123274641,Recommended,473690,34602096,Posted: 30 August,all,Wolfiie,best game 2017
,Not Recommended,473690,34601992,Posted: 30 August,all,Rocko,Don't buy the game expecting a Souls like experience because you'll feel extremely disapointedPros:-Pretty art style-Combat may look really simple but it's actually quite complex-A lot of customization on movesetsCons-AI is pretty raw and unpolished-the soundtrack is just generic-Bosses are easily forgetable aswell as their soundtracks.-enemies are all the same so don't expect any variety either-the devs probably focused more on a co-op experience since you keep getting 2v1 (I would've played with friends but the servers are offline since i started playing).I wouldn't recommend the game for it's PVE.Maybe when the servers go up i'll edit my review and write a lil bit about the PVP and CO-OP
76561198044483764,Not Recommended,473690,34772864,Posted: 6 September,all,Borealis,"I wish there was a neutral button as I honestly did enjoy the game.Although in order to do that I had to go into Offline Mode. Like I encountered warping, rubberbanding, lag spikes, people with bad internet connections in 1v1. So much stuff that made me just groan with frustration.The game feels like its still in Early Access. Such as with:1) Lack of ranked system.2) No end game content except for combat trials and rematches with a few bosses.3) A tutorial that doesn't actually explain much aside from the most basic of stuff.4) This next one will be a bit silly, but why does my female character grunt like a dude sometimes?5) The matchmaking balance is practically nonexistant. A level 9 could easily get paired up with a level 60 in pvp. Levels matter as they give you actual stat points.6) The fact that the story is so barebones that it basically serves as like a 2hr long prelude before the actual stuff happens. Like yeah Dark Souls 3 is barebones in some respects, but its like imagine your travel from the coffin to firelink shrine when you make a new character in DS3 and that is basically the majority of the story you are getting in Absolver.Yet I will give credit where its due:1) The world with a very simplistic art style helps you focus on the fight more so than on the enviroment.2) I very much enjoyed the ability to make a custom deck even if it did sometimes come out janky.3) Unlocking drunken boxing and playing with it felt rewarding.4) Its actually quite to partner up with other people when doing the content together, at least in the pve areas.5) That the world is designed on exploration much like a Dark Souls game and doesn't hold your hand too much.6) When you actually get into 1v1 pvp, its actually very fun when the stars align in such a manner where you and your opponent are close in levels and both have good internet connections.My recommendation: Pick this game up when its on sale and its been patched up. If you don't mind spending the full price, wait till the developers have fixed much of the server issues for a much smoother experience. Otherwise I just simply can't recommend it in its current state."
76561198100598820,Not Recommended,473690,34774219,Posted: 6 September,all,Sandy,"This game really was amazing at a first glance. I hugely enjoyed running around loading into new areas and getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked by an NPC. Then sudden this heroic figure would run in and help me fight. We both bow and end up teaming up.Despite the fact you have the option of killing people, most players will see you need help and you run the main story in co-op with them. I really enjoyed finding all the bosses exploring the beautiful map with strangers working together.However not much happens after this. The game just became a 1v1, player vs player. I don't need to talk about how bad the connection issues are as that's just obvious. However the game itself feels unfinished.After playing a long session, I stopped being able to attack, or block, or dodge and I'd be forced to restart my client. The first time I played within 10 minutes I was locked in a small area with someone in co-op.If this game was a lot cheaper I'd be hugely over the moon with the experience I had. Overall it's decent, definitely worth experiencing but not for that price. If you're looking for a game with a heavy 1v1 grind scene, this game is the one for you."
76561198108522237,Recommended,473690,34588589,Posted: 29 August,all,ColorPanic,Im enjoying it
76561198043457535,Not Recommended,473690,34587977,Posted: 29 August,all,Genryuu111,"I have mixed feelings about this game.Granted I have played just a few hours, and the mechanics seem interesting.But, and it's a big but, it's unplayable online.Not only they decided to region lock this (so, I can't play with my brother), but even if region locked, whatever player is in my game is very laggy. Not only laggy in pvp, but makes you lag in pve too.My brother, different region, is having the same issues. We both decided to just play offline for now.This game seems to be strongly encouraging pvp environment (much more than Dark Souls, for example), but as it is now, being online makes the game unplayable (and I have a 90Mbps in download and upload line...)It would be fine if I could play pve just with my brother, even if it was laggy, but like this it's just stupid."
76561198065293065,Recommended,473690,34588624,Posted: 29 August,all,Kreseus,Good game
,Recommended,473690,34588667,Posted: 29 August,all,zeimus ↟,Seems pretty dope so far!
,Not Recommended,473690,34638332,Posted: 31 August,all,GRT,"After latest update which is 1.03 it deleted my save file. Great Now I need to start again from begining. And I also I can't even join pVp, which was working yesterday. Now this is a mess."
76561198008113053,Not Recommended,473690,34774665,Posted: 6 September,all,A car has no name,"I've given this game a fair shot, I really like the concept and wanted it to be a mainstay in my games collection, but it just can't be. This would have worked well as an early access title, but being a full release with content to follow, it's not in a good state and has had a shaky release which will impact the player base a lot.The little PvE is decent and a nice introduction to multiplayer. Being able to find moves and farm for different gear if you're into fashion-souls esque stuff is good if you don't mind a bit of grinding. But all of that's just gravy, the game is meant to be a competitive online fighter and it just falls far too short in implementation as a full release title.In Australia at least, the game is just too laggy to be enjoyable. Input delay is incredibly frustrating with the slightest bit of lag. There's OCE servers now, but I've played against several Asian players and even two Russian players (???) after the supposed OCE server was introduced. Matches with good connections feel amazing, but it can take upwards of 5 matches to find that one good connection - not worth the time or headache. I also seem to have to quit out of the game every other time I queue for a new match because it will just refuse to load one way or another (stuck on 2/2 players with no loading, or stuck on loading screen).I hope they can fix the implentation because it's actually a great game, but I don't think I'll be trying it again personally."
,Recommended,473690,34661723,Posted: 1 September,all,Vain,"If you like fighting and trust Devolver, buy this one."
,Recommended,473690,34818398,Posted: 8 September,all,Nathan,This game is awesome! i love it
,Not Recommended,473690,34874967,Posted: 10 September,all,Voidrend,"Lets start with the good: Combat is interesting and fast paced but with plenty of strategy and mix ups to use. The moves are varied though some will be used more than a lot of others. And thats about itThe Bad: Literally everything else. The storyline is about as interesting as watching paint dry and even that can be more interesting. These are the worst hitboxes ive seen in a game, i will block a perfectly obvious attack and the game wont register it. But if i randomly block/parry from a directions its not even hitting, than it does it.AND THE SERVERS ARE♥♥♥♥♥♥ These are the worst servers i have ever seen and some of the worst developers i have ever seen work on a game. Laziest most inefficient individuals i have witness in a game development team. It has been out for several weeks now and they have yet to fix any issues at all and are plagued with issues and still have them to this day. Fix your goddamn servers"
76561198130243109,Not Recommended,473690,34875048,Posted: 10 September,all,MyCouchIsSoft,"Absolver is good fun. However there are some cons. As of right now, i wouldnt reccomend purely based on the lack of content and minor issues the game has. The issues are small but frequent and annoying. Wait until they add more and fix the bugs.Pros:Fun Gameplay (Similar to Dark Souls and For Honor but in its own unique spin)Neat Art Style (Very low res, beautiful, and fun)Cons:Lag and Server Issues (Personally i have had a lot of server lag issues)Not enough content (You can beat the story in about 8 hours and then all you have is regrinding through the NPCs and duels which can be annoying but for the most part are challenging and fun)Map/level design (in 1v1 duels, one of the hazards of dying is falling off the map which sucks when thats how you lose a match. to those who say ""git gud skrub"" well yeah i would but its hard to git gud when your opponent is spamming the shockwave attack trying to knock you off, or when theyre kicking you constantly and it just shoves you off."
,Recommended,473690,34959653,Posted: 14 September,all,Flamerider,"I put the thumbs up there but it's shaky.Fighting's really fun. Experimenting with combat decks and roaming the world is fun. It's laden with technical issues, the devs have communication troubles due to bad english, and when I finished exploring the PvE world I was left with a sense of 'That's it?' which is never good.Making your own school and roaming the world to take on students sounded like the coolest thing on paper but the implementation is really bare and you have to communicate to a mate playing the game to really insist on them joining your school in order to actually take on students.I have hopes for the game's future however."
,Recommended,473690,34957970,Posted: 14 September,all,JacobFlow3r,"*Turns on PC**Ignores spongebob-themed wallpaper**Starts Absolver*""Hey, it seems they fixed all net code issues!""""HERE WE GO WHATS UP MOTHERF***** YOU WANNA F****** DIE TO MY F****** FIST B****?!?!?!""*Gets instantly knocked off ledge""""ALRIGHT ROUND 2 MOTHERF****** HERE WE GO""10/10 would get knocked off ledge again"
76561198125074299,Not Recommended,473690,34593260,Posted: 29 August,all,Masterorochi10,Games glitchy and enemies are stupid and difficult.
,Not Recommended,473690,34593327,Posted: 29 August,all,Tavaine,"1. terrible servers. seriously. in PvP  u cant beat ur enemy, u cant invite ur friend `cause ""no one player in this region"" - ♥♥♥♥ING NICE start, devs.2. really? is it all story? 4 hours? devs, this is not funny, this is really ♥♥♥♥ing short! (""but this is pvp game!"" - okay, show me good pvp, pls)3. some bosses (5th guard) is really hard, no, not hard, it`s almost impossible!4. why so beautifull but unclear world design? i lost in first 5 minutes after the tutorial, srsly (and bad map, yep)5. and this multiplayer. mode changing in every locations on ""meeting"" (?), but I DONT WANT TO PLAY WITH SOMEBODY, but i want to play with my friends, so i play online but in close lobby, but game ♥♥♥♥s u and does what it wants to doIN CONCLUSION:i do NOT advicing u to buy this game.FOR DEVS:i hope u could fix servers, some problems in game mechanic and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CONTINUE THE STORY.Devs, u gave us this game like final version, it`s not early access or smth like that, so where is good game for our money? why didn`t u do early access? it could be better than it is, srsly.thanks for good game for my 630 rubles (that i can`t return because of 4,8hrs of playing) <3"
76561198053003844,Not Recommended,473690,34593943,Posted: 29 August,all,GlahhGlahhhPow,"Game is meh. Like its not BADD but its pretty bad.The ai is too good for no reason.Bosses are for masochists.I havent even done pvp but the pve was just BORING.On paper it sounded good but when you actually play its like id rather be playing something else.The camera is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Picking up loot feels like a chore, its hard to tell when you even have loot.There is no map, good luck memorizing where to go.The combat feels clunky.Combat is over complicated, you have stances but they dont really tell you what to do.Oh and those stances? It doesnt matter once youre in a fight since it switches non stop in a fight.Swords barely do damage.Good luck teaming up with someone, combat is Okay if its 1v1, throwing anything more in and its a nightmare.The defense powers are useless outside of the dodge one, you have to be precise on the other 2.And lastly while hand to hand combat is cool, it really makes the combat stale due to lack of diversity. Range isnt ever really a factor, more so timing. Its basically a mindgame based off timing which to me isnt a good time. But it isnt fun nor is there any diversity in the game. Id be okay with this being $10 anything more is asking for too much. Its just a hand to hand pvp game with lackluster PVE."
,Not Recommended,473690,34656234,Posted: 1 September,all,Gunslinger,This is first impressionsPlayed this for just under 2hrs and yes I have refunded why?The presentation/graphics are very nice indeed.  Lush backgrounds etc.  The animation is very good as well.  So why have I refunded the game.I found right from the start that they is very little direction of what you should be doing or where you should be going.  This is fine if it was an openworld game with lots of side missions.  As far as I can tell they are no side missions.  All you do is wonder around getting lost as no on screen map.  Fighting NPC's and sometimes other players.  Sounds ok yes?  No after you been down the same area 3 times and being jumped by 3 or 4 NPC's each time it gets a bit boring.  I found that I did not want to back track to try and avoid the NPC's as my health was low etc.  I defeated a couple of boss's I think again lack of direction.  Ended up back at an altar where you can try and I say try to co-op with friends.  Here is where another issue lies.  I bought the game and started same time as a friend who is on the other side of the world with hope of going around beating other peeps up.   At the time of writing this you cannot co-op with people in different zones.  I read they are working on this and they is work arounds so hopefully this bit will get sorted.   Also the camera takes a lot to get use to.  Does not follow you very well at all and I found I spent as much time moving the camera around as moving my character.But at the end of the day after 118 mins I found I was bored.  I know its alpha and I hope they use the money what I think is expensive for what you get. fix said issues and add a lot more features.Very little bugs so really good for an alpha game but for me they needs to be a lot more added to the game.  I will keep an eye on this game and hopefully will re buy later down the line.   They is so much promise fingers crossed
,Not Recommended,473690,34657456,Posted: 1 September,all,game-bell™,"you need some really stable connection....just fast connection wont cut it, stable will. or it will be lagging fest with you die everytime in respawn. AND THATS NO FUN AT ALL. GAME SUPPOSED TO BE FUN U KNOW"
76561198060879918,Not Recommended,473690,34657491,Posted: 1 September,all,CerealandSoda,It is a good game no doubt. But the lack of server being online most of the time and it being this way at launch has to make me not reccommend it at the moment till it gets fixed or if it ever will.
76561198025185951,Not Recommended,473690,34656593,Posted: 1 September,all,wheels29,"This game is pretty empty.  The combat could be good, but it's so basic that it falls into just a few moves every time.  Even fights against 2-3 people end up feeling the same around the 3rd time.  There just isn't anything here worth spending time with.  6/10 IMO, if it had any story or reason to move forward, it could be a 7 or 8.  A game with this level of gameplay shouldn't be able to get away with no story."
76561197999695604,Recommended,473690,34756742,Posted: 5 September,all,niin,AWESOME GAME butthey need to fix the server connection problem. Thanks to bots the game came be played offline and still be a challenge.The PVE story is short and can be beat in 6 hours or less.  The story is repeatable. The enemies get harder and wear better gear with each completion of the story and the cut scenes change each time.
,Not Recommended,473690,34641558,Posted: 31 August,all,Aether,It's such a shame... If you wanna play Co-op with your friend and he accidently hits you he is not in your group anymore. This happens often because the lock system is not any good. I really hope they fix this so i can enjoy the game with my friend
,Not Recommended,473690,34786244,Posted: 6 September,all,ConnorJamesDrake,"I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm going to: This game is too hard for me.I love a good challenge. I'm a big fan of both Dark Souls and For Honor, the two games people compare this to. But I've never had less fun being challenged in a game before. For some reason, this just doesn't click with me.I've watched videos. Read articles. And I just can't get the hang of it. Unforunately it took me 3 hours to figure that out, so Steam refused to refund it.It's probably a fun game for the right person. But I personally can't think of who that would be, so I can't recommend it. Again, I can't believe I'm saying it: But it's just too difficult, and the learning process isn't fun enough to justify the curve."
76561198028737213,Not Recommended,473690,34807023,Posted: 7 September,all,Troopster,"While I absolutely love the style and gameplay of Absolver, the server lag is comepletely unbearable. For a game that mainly focuses on PvP they really dropped the ball with their servers. Offline, the game is great; the combat feels fluid and fun. Online, however, is almost always unplayable due to teleporting enemies and massive input lag.Combat decks are a really in-depth system that kept me playing despite all the issues. I had great fun trying to find that perfect style for me. Sadly, all that buildup feels wasted once you actually try to play online. In both PvP combat trials and general ""seemless"" co-op the lag always wins, rendering the intricacies of the game pointless.TL;DR: Don't buy this gameuntil the connectivity problems are fixed.Edit: As of patch 1.05 the online lag has gotten worse. If this is what Sloclap considers improving connectivity and stability then I no longer have any confidence in these developers."
76561198130683080,Not Recommended,473690,34846083,Posted: 9 September,all,Dracon,"A lot of potencial, but ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers and a lot of bugs that act like obstacles for dispersal among people. Maybe if the developers fix the connection problems and bugs, I'll change my opinion."
,Not Recommended,473690,34706550,Posted: 3 September,all,zoffmode,"Really laggy. Confused as to what to do. I don't even see a map, any type of goal/todo list or anything. ""Here you go, figure stuff out buddy."" For an open world game, I'm also confused about any lack of ingame chat. Seems players are just big pests and nothing else. I wonder what that'll do to this game's community.KB+M controls are really absolutely utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Who thought an ability should be bound to mouse movement without any way to rebind it? Controller feels just limited, but I guess it has less issues.Could be potentially an enjoyable game if you dedicate lots of learning and reading to it. Assuming laggy servers are fixed of course. But it is frustrating starting out and I do not recommend it unless that's exactly your style of game."
76561198029143288,Recommended,473690,34706666,Posted: 3 September,all,ScacchoMattho,"If you like halloween drunk fight simulators, this is the game for you10/10 ""Would get beaten again"""
,Not Recommended,473690,34806587,Posted: 7 September,all,owlfrog,"Absolver is a very interesting game. I really like the aspect that it's more of an open-world sort of fighting game, and the combat progression is based around you as the player mixed with some RPG-like leveling & stat grinding. What I can't stand is the always online aspect of the game. Ganking aside, I don't mind having players randomly running in the world. However the servers are basically incapable of sustaining this kind of gameplay. Anytime that I have players in my zone, NPCs will rubber band, fail to animate, etc.. yet they will still be hitting me and fighting/blocking my own attacks. So I'm punching blind because of the server incapabilities. It just makes for a very unenjoyable experience."
76561198037994289,Not Recommended,473690,34836287,Posted: 9 September,all,LÖℕĒ￦ÖⱠF,i was really enjoying playing this game until patch 1.05 came out and now the game just crashes when entering the start menu. i thought patches where meant to solve issues not create them. very disappointing
,Not Recommended,473690,34940536,Posted: 13 September,all,BuriedFetus,Really good game when ... IT DOESN'T LAG.SKIP the video after 30 seconds to get what I mean.--> Proof of Disapointement : --->https://youtu.be/EBBgzw8bzHI<-----
76561198358866105,Recommended,473690,35026854,Posted: 17 September,all,Bryuu,"Its good. People need to stop freaking out about the servers though. This was made by a small company, stop expecting it to be perfect. I see people complaining about the keyboard controls, and its not that hard to master. Anyway its a great game, The combat is great, story is ok ig, and overall a good game so just buy it already."
76561198360666867,Not Recommended,473690,35030136,Posted: 17 September,all,TheTardWrangler3,"I got this game when it first came out and i have to say it was a pretty good game in the begining. The graphics were good the gameplY was fun, and the combat system was pretty well crafted, I come back to this game in about a week and the game went so far down hill words cant explain my disposition for not liking it. playing the story itself is fine on its own but then multiplayer duels is where this game takes its' toll. everyone playing the duels has no creativity when it comes to deck building. you want variation between fighters but you get combat decks with all the same attacks centerd around rapid sweeping attacks. The game itself isnt bad its just the community playing it."
,Recommended,473690,34588086,Posted: 29 August,all,愛 Rikka Takanashi 勇気,Bruce Lee Fighting Simulator 2k17
,Not Recommended,473690,34604565,Posted: 30 August,all,Moptopgames,https://youtu.be/hbNYaEgOYowAbsolver is and incredibly fun and beautiful game that at its core is heavily addicting. But there is a serious underlining problem with the length of the game as completing the main portion only took me about 5 hours to complete. Those hours were incredibly fun spanning a large Dark Souls inspired world with many path and secrets. But when I got to the end of it I felt at a loss. The only thing left to do is tedious pvp grinding in order to make your own school. I eventually gave up when I realized instead of using the many techniques you can learn in the game most people on pvp would just spam fast attacks leaving you no time to dodge or block no matter how fast you tap those buttons. Hopefully they build upon this addicting formula. But at the moment it feels like a husk of what it really could be. So if you’re looking for a kung fu Dark Souls game this is for you. But I can’t at the moment recommend the game in its current state. Even as cheap as the game is to buy most of the core gameplay is cheapened by other players you will fight against in pvp.First I want to talk about about the art design and if you enjoy games for just their beauty alone then this is the game for you. Everything is in a strange pastel pallet and while simple in design is utterly beautifully done in this game making the world of Absolver a beautiful game on par with set pieces from the Souls franchise.The gameplay is incredibly addicting and fun to the point that I played 5 hours straight and didn’t stop until all there was left to do was pvp. The closest thing I can compare the combat system to is that is similar to For Honor but actually good. You mainly fight bare handed but you can also equip either a sword or fist weapons to win combat as well as special abilities to help you in combat. Its based on a card type system where you build combos from different stances. You gain these cards by blocking or dodging a person equipped and using these current cards in their combos. It’s grindy but in a fun way I guess.The cracks start to show when you get to the actual end game when you officially become an absolver. The only thing left is to grind countless pvp matches. I understand it’s a mutiplayer focused game but I don’t find it fun to continuously grind pvp matches for hours on end with little to show for it besides frustration. I also had my game crash three times during my five hours of play. The third crash resulted in my entire computer crashing and having to reset it. It isn’t the worst I’ve had in the way of glitches but it is worth noting.I will be updating this as they make significant patch of the game adding content and more to do at the end game as it is currently lacking in the late game aspect of play.
76561198087081101,Recommended,473690,34807276,Posted: 7 September,all,Doty,This game makes me feel like Jackie11/10 - Would kick everyone's butt again
,Not Recommended,473690,34634419,Posted: 31 August,all,TrickiT,"Gameplay felt repetitive and dull, minimal to no story build up from the start, I simply saw no reason or apeal to keep playing. I was expecting more from this game as it seemed much more promising. Im sure it can be enjoyable to some but it was simply not the experince I was looking forward too."
76561198047471818,Not Recommended,473690,34851971,Posted: 9 September,all,RocksaltHero,"Not worth the money.The artwork is beautiful but, the combat is grindy and repetitve. The moves take forever to learn and if you lose a fight you lose all accumulated fight xp from said fight. PvP is frustrating at best due to extreme lag and the fact that if you don't have a rapid fire moveset that you can just spam for days you WILL lose. The story is only about 1-2 hours long and then you're just left alone to grind for moves or PVP.In general, if you're adamant on purchasing this failure, wait until its 50%-75% off."
,Not Recommended,473690,34836000,Posted: 9 September,all,Tally,"Pre-ordered the game as a last bastion of hope in the fighting games series of let downs. I was let down. (spoilers)I loaded in and didn't get any storyline let alone a intoduction. (sorta) walked around tried the fighting mechanic on dummies, then AI. Felt.... alright. Quite janky really.After the first ""training level,"" I was thrown into some strange small map with no way out. So what did I do? I just tried to explore what I could. (since no objective) Tried my hardest to pull only 1 enemy away from the 3-4 group spawns they come in. fighting 3-4 v 1 is impossible. As I slowly tried to clear these groups of enemies, suddenly players started loading into my world, (didn't know you have to fight pvp 10 min into the game) I tried my hardest to fight these players but many had weapons and/or a dozen levels on me AT LEAST. I spent more time dead than alive and couldnt even explore that small map, cause the enemies respawned, and more players loaded in.I wanted to make progress so so bad, but I just couldn't with swarms of AI, and overpowered players. It had got pretty depressing to respawn 10 times in 15 - 20 min.The games weird obsession with motion blur, (without a setting for) dropped my frames to 5-10 frames when fighting 2 opponents or more.I will be refunding the game, so thank god I didn't spend to much time in it."
76561198294418523,Recommended,473690,34871666,Posted: 10 September,all,elastique5000,"For the first time, a game that dont have ""Meta"", like ""for honor"" spam zone attack or ""Turtle"".every deck you made is special or unique.Good game."
76561198035504118,Not Recommended,473690,34737226,Posted: 4 September,all,SteelCanadian,"I really want to recommend this game but i cant at its current state, its crazy how the game is mainly online PVP and that has not worked properly since ints release, the game feels more like early access then an actual full game, alli can say to the devs is hurry up and get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together because this game has a ton of potential, FIX the online before this game dies out, i would love to see it become great."
76561198058676157,Recommended,473690,34911984,Posted: 12 September,all,Memelord Legion III Of Nigeria,"Absolver... Three words to describe it:Flowing.The gameplay is like a river; it is constanly moving and changing. The move changing mechanic makes for almost limitless possibilities of starters, pokes, jabs, kicks, heavy hitters, and even a slap to tell your oppenents to Git Gud. This allows for a PvP system that is unique. You never know what moves your opponent will make, and you have that same suprise factor to pull out.Heartpounding.Over my 40ish hours playing, I cannot count the amount of times I have been in a fight with another player and my heart jumping out of my chest. That moment where both you and your oppenent are at a sliver of health and all logic goes out the window as stances are constancly changed and attacks blocked and punches parried. That last killing blow after a hard fought battle is rewarding beyond measure.Strategic.While spamming one fast effective combo is possible, this method of fighting does not hold up in online play. You will be parried and punished. In order to win, switching your combat method is vital. Is your opponent using alot of basic upper body based attacks? Use a dodge move! Is your opponent using dodge moves? Use a sweep move along that line! This kind of response based combat is a blast to play, and when you figure out a players weakness, you can dominate.All games have weakness however. Fighting laggy opponents who teleport around the place is infuriating. I would say that the story was rather short as well, although what was there was enjoyable. Finally, getting all the moves is a grind, especially when trying to learn them off of bosses later in the game. I spent about an hour or so grinding out the level 40 first boss, and lost focus for a few seconds and got rekt, losing all the progress made in the past hour.In conclusion, Absolver is a game that has a few glaring weaknesses, but if you are really into Souls-like combat and enjoy PvP, it is a great purchase."
76561197990324133,Not Recommended,473690,34831336,Posted: 9 September,all,Wyrd,"Absolver is like a beautiful cake, hand crafted decorations on the surface arranged perfectly... but then you bite in to find it's a vanilla sponge with no filling.= The GOOD =The fighting is fun but punishing and requires you to learn how your chosen style functions. Crafting your own move set is easy and lets you really choose how you want to play; fast with small jabs and kicks, big punishing haymakers, maybe a mix of both?The locations have a consistent muted palette that looks great and makes identifying enemies easy. It's one of those games where when you stop and look, then yes, you can notice the lack of detail in the far-off background but it never becomes an issue, you're focussed too much on your surroundings.Grouping with players online is easy and quick and most of the community seems quite happy to cooperate, I have only had one instance of a player outright attacking me in the open zones. I have personally had only small issues with lag recently despite being in Australia and it seems to be when players with a bad connection are in your zone, which can be fixed by leaving and re-entering usually.= The DISAPPOINTING =The world areas themselves are small and fairly uninspired design-wise. There are very few ""secrets"" apart from a couple of spots you can drop off a ledge to get an item. The tutorial area has you busting down doors and beating a mini-boss to progress and this NEVER happens again. I spent a good portion of my first few hours testing every door I came across to see if I could do it again.Learning moves sometimes just involves holding block til they finish they're combo, letting go to get your stamina back, then repeating til you've got it. It would have been better to have had diminishing returns on this method of gaining abilities so that to finish the last ~20% off, you had to actually evade/absorb/parry the attack a number of times.There is no obvious way to gauge the strength of your enemies. There are a few ""higher level"" ones that are obviously wearing more flashy clothing but other than punching them to see how much health they lose, the only indicator would be to memorise their fairly bland character models.Adding to the previous point, the vast majority of enemies have the same Lost Prospects mask, which is disappointing. The item descriptions hint at all these clans and groups but you never see any extra mention of them, it would have been nice to have see a visible difference between the NPCs populating each area.Enemy AI is predictable in one-on-one combat but in groups they don't ""soften"" at all. In multi-player this is fine but trying to play single player, it means a group of two or three enemies are often more challenging than the boss NPCs.Customising your character requires finding enemies with the clothes you want and grinding them to get the drops. There is also no way to actually drop any items from your inventory, so you end up with multiples of items that you're never going to equip.= The BAD =The majority of Absolver's progression is locked behind online multiplayer. This would be fine, but even getting to the first tier of rewards to unlock a new style means a lengthy, boring grind. This effort is way out of proportion to the speed at which you unlock other things and feels like running into a brick wall.The balance on moves is woeful. There is an immediate ""meta"" around using the fastest possible attacks and using shockwave to distance yourself from the enemy to regain stamina and repeating the process, getting glancing blows as your enemy tries to dodge to create an opening. I understand there are established counters to this strategy, but it's so pervasive that it makes duels boring and frustrating. I wanted to play an interesting fighting game, not ""Button Mash to Victory; $30 edition""The single player content is an afterthought and the story is non-existant. There are a couple fights that lead with an interesting cinematic but to access them again, you need to complete (you guessed it) more bland online duels. NPCs you encounter in the world have zero personality and are literally just there to spout information at you.The map presented in-game is confusing at best, only giving you the absolute barest of ideas where you are. The majority of the ""marked ones"" you have to defeat are put in side areas, not in the way of progression so they're easily missed and they're indicated so vaguely on the map you can't be sure if there are more than one in a zone or if you need to try find another path somewhere (Hint; there is only one per area.)=========================Despite being reasonably enjoyable at the start, I found myself becoming increasingly disappointed with Absolver the more I played it. There is so much potential here but it feels so much like they had an art style and a framework for the fighting system and just phoned it in on the rest of the stuff, there are just too many small things that feel underdone to the point where they drag down the bits of the game that are actually satisfying."
,Recommended,473690,34888203,Posted: 11 September,all,kimoxz,i liek
,Not Recommended,473690,34849220,Posted: 9 September,all,Torment,"Unacceptable.I really like Absolver.The combat fluidity is umparalleled.The system of learning combat moves is progressively satisfying.The building of your deck, the crafting of an unpredictable, flashy or beautiful sequence is a really cool experience.Kicking your opponents butts with it its even more enjoyable.The world is small but beautiful, and I've been having fun playing dressup.Outside of this theres really not much else to do. Absolver needs moregame modes, aranking systemand adelete itembutton(PLEASE).Now the online situation is simply unacceptable.Most times I join a combat trial I get kicked out immediatly after the fight starts. It goes offline for about a minute then back online.At times you could stall on the loading screen for 2-3 long minutes then it drops back to the Altar.Other times the screen turns black and drops back to the altar right after the players get introduced.It has been like thissince 1.05 dropped... So basically this patch made the connectivity issuesworsethan before.ːsteamfacepalmː@SloclapI really hope you fix these issuesVERY soon, your game is not enjoyable in its current state, at least not the online experience.I cannot recommend this game until this feature gets fixed, sorry!"
,Not Recommended,473690,35230619,Posted: 26 September,all,Sagadeel,"I had been waiting SO LONG for this game: I invited my brother to play with me because we love Dark Souls and BlazBlue, Guilty Gear, and sometimes a little bit of Soul Calibur. I had a lot expectations from this game, and still have, but the addiction I had from the first week is now gone…Don't get me wrong, I like some of the gameplay, the concept, the art, and a lot from this game (thats why I bought it in day 1) but still I cannot recommend it to my friends or any other people, and here is why:1) First of all, a lot of players think this is like a “souls-like” game, but it isn’t, so if you are looking for that kind of experience, avoid it.2) Now, while this game is labeled as a fighting game, it has and hasn’t elements, which could be pointing to its current problem: the amazing variety of attacks on Absolver dooms itself to the “meta” and it doesn’t appeal to its own description of “construct your own deck”). It has a false sense of freedom, which clearly isn’t.3) Maybe the most important thing about it all: the playerbase. Many “pro” players tend to lecture the newbies because they don’t learn or understand the mechanics of the game, ergo, they are bad or don’t deserve to be in this game (they use “logical” words to say it, the “hardcore mentality” if you will). Those pro gamers don’t understand that if a product doesn’t appeal and isn’t easy to get in by your market by default, it means is failing. Remember that if a game can only be played in ALL its mechanics by the 10% of your market, CLEARLY is a problem, and you should be addressing it by your 90% of the possible players, not the 10% that doesn’t contribute to your sales or image in the world. The number of players in-game is criticized as “not showing the true playerbase”, but people don’t understand how these tools work in business. Have all this in mind.In the end I can recommend it to certain market, but in the long term, there are other multiplayer and PvP experiences that will eventually get your attention… just see how LoL, Overwatch, WoW and FFXIV have established their own niche in its own genre… I was expecting Absolver to define its own place in its genre."
76561197960907894,Not Recommended,473690,34888345,Posted: 11 September,all,Pwna,"It has the potential of being a good game.  However, in my opinion it's not even a game at this point.  The story line is weak and almost non-existent.  Once you clear the story all you're left with is 1 vs 1 combat trials.  It's disappointing to be forced to do these trials in order to move on.  There really is no end game.  You can learn all the moves from NPC's but that becomes boring fast.  The game itself seems great at first and the combat is good.  However, I don't seeing them being able to add content and make this game an even playing ground for others.  Right now the 1 vs 1 combat trials are dominated.  They released a patch in attempts to fix lag issues.  We can now connect to the servers but from my experience the in-game lag has worsened.  Now punches are looping in lagville and you have no idea how many times you've been hit in the process.  Great potential but I don't see them being able to save this game.  Waste of $29.99 that I wish I could get back.  Already have two max levelled characters and can't get myself to play either."
,Not Recommended,473690,34593886,Posted: 29 August,all,Roheryn,"I want to like this game, and I kind of did. Just... I didn't feel progression. I need to feel a sense of progression whether that means getting new upgrades and skills, but I don't feel this here. Yes, I get equipment and points to upgrade myself, but it doesn't give me that same feeling of accomplishment, because these things don't feel like they make a difference. I'm just not feeling what I think I should be feeling when things in the game happen. It may just be me, but everything just seems off."
,Recommended,473690,34809644,Posted: 8 September,all,Cummies,"TL;DR 8-10 Hour campaign which helped me more the understand mechanics and real PvP feel for the game.The PvP (combat trials) are incredibly fun, as you do not get dominated and it is quite balanced which rewards you incredibly for outplaying your opponent.Only complaints are that Stagger style/ Drunken Style is incredibly strong, as is Kahlt Style, and can do with reduced scaling, and damage. The game could do with some backstory, reduce in price for what is CURRENTLY available. (I am aware of new content being added.)"
76561198179589077,Not Recommended,473690,34923566,Posted: 13 September,all,STOP SENDING ME TRAPS THATS GAY,i got to level 35 got to level 20 on pvp beat the story and it resets all my stats
,Not Recommended,473690,34926247,Posted: 13 September,all,zak1151,Not worth the hype
,Recommended,473690,34985639,Posted: 15 September,all,MEMEchael,"Absolver:This has been a relatively hyped up game, and there is good reason for it to be. Good art style, music, and an amazing concept. I do only have 10 hours in the game at the current moment, and the count is probably going to go up. However I think that this amount of time is a large enough amount to share an accurate opinion.-----------------------So, the question you are probably wondering is:""Is it worth it?"" (Price wise, gameplay wise, etc.)Although I do recommend this game, the answer to that question varies from person to person.Core GameplayMelee combat, you've read all about this, you don't need me to elaborate too much. It has combat stances which each do different moves to attack the enemy, making for some really great combos. You can make combat 'decks' and master new moves, fighting types, etc. I haven't gotten too deep into the grinding and stuff yet, but I definitely will be if I can stay attracted to this game for any longer.You can meet players in the game's map and either help them or fight them to the death, which leads me onto the next point, the story:StoryThis is where the game lacks, I know it is a PvP game, and I do love doing 1v1s, however, the game honestly lacks in every story aspect.You spawn in the world and you have to find your way around the map and kill these bosses, leveling up before each one. The player runs from section to section doing this until he/she's beaten them all and goes to the final boss. If they beat this person, the character becomes an 'Absolver'There are great cinematics, fun boss fights, but you can easily complete all of this within 4-5 hours. This is where the, ""Is it worth it?"" question comes into mind for me. Unless you're the type of person to love Pvp fights (everyone can enjoy these, but when I say this I mean doing it pretty much every time you play the game), exploring (to a small extent), or grinding out combat decks, I don't think this game is for you. This is why I said, ""If i can stay attracted to this game."" above. I love stories, and I honestly don't mind it being highly PvP oriented, but I'm sure it will become stale for once I get about 5-10 more hours in the game.If you are here for the story, save the 30 dollars for something else, because you'll just get 4-5 hours of gameplay for little to no reward.By no means am I saying the game is poorly constructed, because the devs have obviously put a lot of work into this game. But, I think after a certain point in the game you develop an opinion of whether or not it's worth it. For me, I don't know, the experience so far has been fun, but I doubt that I will exceed 50+ hours on this game, maybe even 30+. This may change, but I don't know.I'm going to recommend this game because it has been fun, but I will warn people that they may not think the same."
76561197970419448,Not Recommended,473690,35070605,Posted: 19 September,all,Jikharev,"I played this for 14 hours. They were great, didn't really bother with the online thing as I just had a ton of fun beating the NPC's around and learning every move I wanted to perfect my fighting style. Very fast, it was, with strong finishing kicks that would leave a satisfying thud on the NPC's jaw. My character did everything I expected it to, timing was perfected and I knew every move my character would do whatever button I pressed. I was a god. 14 hours of just that and not one stale minute.Then the game crashed and I irreversibly lost aaaaaaall my progress. So no, I don't recommend this because even though it's an online game and you have to connect just to get to the starting menu, the saves are local. I'm not playing this again and wish I could either refund it because it let me down so badly, or simply get my save back.A very easy fix would be to allow more than one save per character and make backups every hour or so, overwriting the oldest one. But hey, that's just me fixing this recurring issue that causes so many of the playerbase to turn away and not look back.*Removes local files"
76561198039986249,Recommended,473690,34596893,Posted: 29 August,all,Shunejii,"This game is fantastic. It has some server issues but if you're looking for a really solid fighting game this has you covered. The mechanics aren't hard to wrap your head around and the game does a pretty good job of being straightforward with information. It's good for beginners too, you learn new moves by defending against enemies using them so you see what they do and learn how to counter them before you get them. As you play, you develop a sense of what attacks are good and which ones don't suit your playstyle.The only real gripe I have about the game is the inconsistency of the servers which I know will be fixed later.Overall, an awesome game if you like fighting games or want to get into fighting games. There is a lot on offer for $30 (looking at you Capcom!) and the game even has a full single player story mode which, albeit very basic, is still just as fun to play through as the pvp. Get this game! Punch dudes!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34667278,Posted: 1 September,all,Ayatee,"- ""avoid, block and parry"" hard binded on mouse (or stick) move which is painful and imprecise- no ""motion blur"" checkbox- teleporting mobs and players, ghost ranges- cheaters"
76561198097727641,Recommended,473690,34807815,Posted: 7 September,all,Lost boi,"AMAZING GAMEProsweet lootyou gonna get rekt, but you cant learn move in the processwhen you start rekting you feel like the iron fistpvp is what this game is about.NegIt's a hard game you might get jumped by players or mobsno min map, but it's also plus because it makes you really look aroundsevers go down sometimes"
,Not Recommended,473690,35074570,Posted: 19 September,all,Uninstall_Wizard,"This review is current as of 9/19/2017If you would have asked me several days ago if I thought I would recommend this game, I would have said yes. Now however the answer is a resounding no. I was willing to forgive the absolutely horrid launch state of the game server wise, I was even willing to forgive rng loot drops as a reward for pvp to keep people playing in order to achieve there desired ""fashion"". I looked past alot of bugs and the like because I understand that Sloclap, despite having the big name of Devolver backing them, is still a small studio. There comes a point however when it's too much.The combat, as most reviews have mentioned, is excellent. It's exactly what I had hoped for. I had some issues with some of the maps in the pvp rotation (specifically the prominence of ledges in them) but for the most part that was fine as well. The controls are excellent for gamepad, which is of course the way a game like this is meant to be played, and I feel that giving it a negative review because of the kbm controls is unnecessary given the type of game this is. The story is a bit lackluster, with just enough lore sprinklings to keep me interested at least. It is short however, so do not buy in expecting a full blown RPG. The dark souls comparisons I've seen from time to time I also think are inaccurate (although anything with even a moderate amount of skill required is ""like dark souls"" these days according to many) mainly because aside from a relatively connected central hub similar to firelink and an obscured story picked up in bits here and there, there are no real similarities.Up to this point my review may seem to be positive despite my negative recommendation, but we're getting to that. See, the problem is that although they are a small studio the game has been out for weeks now and there are still bugs that are absolutely gamebreaking. Today the game crashed not just itself but my whole computer. When I relaunched, my saves were gone. All of them. Eighty-four hours worth of progress. Nearly every unarmed move in the game learned. All schools save Khalt unlocked, story beaten, level 200-ish in combat trials, and gear that I had grinded out long and hard to get from that aforementioned rng, gone. This kinda thing happening this long after release is unacceptable. The devs are either incompetent, or just don't actually care. And why should they? The launch was huge, the money's there and they're now free to take it and run. The only real effort they've made to fix save corruption is a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt to back up player's saves in game that is obviously ineffective given that all of my saves are now gone, not just the last one I played.In conclusion, in it's current state I cannot recommend this game. You should only purchase it at this point if you are okay with all of your progress disappearing at a moment's notice. It's pretty fun, but I'll never get those 84 hours back and I don't think I wanna sink anymore into it knowing it could all go up in smoke again."
,Not Recommended,473690,34917566,Posted: 13 September,all,Watson Dynamite,"WARNING: Wall of text, TL:DR at the endIn theory, this game would be fantastic: A semi-open-world, Dark-Souls-esque fighting game with seamless transition between PvP and PvE, customizable movesets, and tons of move variety. However, it falls short of its promises. Here's why:Although the game's advertising mostly pushes it's PvP content, you're going to be stuck doing PvE for a long time, to farm levels, gear and moves, and to beat the story. However, the PvE content is very lackluster, unpolished and simply not fun. It clearly took a backseat in development so the devs could focus on the PvP content (which I'll get to), however you're simply required to engage in it too much if you want to stand a chance online.The world map is messy and doesn't lend itself to exploration too much. Environments are a labyrinthine mess of visual noise with very few rewards for exploration, only the occasional item box here and there, some paths that look like they lead somewhere when they don't and paths that look like they lead nowhere but they're fundamental for progression. The world is optimally traversed with the sole intent of killing the required bosses in the shortest path possible, that however is made impossible since the world is so hard to navigate and there's no map screen. You can only check your position in Altars which makes it difficult to understand what direction you're moving in.This is coupled with a mostly unenjoyable PvE experience. Difficulty comes not from clever AI, but from weird choices in the AI's behavior and placement. computer controlled fighters will mostly fight by ganging up on you in groups of 3-4, an odd design choice considering how the combat system is tailored for 1v1 fighting. As a matter of fact, most enemies that you can 1v1 are complete pushovers since they're allergic to blocking and have very one-note move rotations.Bosses are, sadly, not much more difficult. Once again, their difficulty comes not from good AI design or good use of the combat system, but from pumping up their damage, stamina and defense so that they have a massive advantage in relation to you. Other than that, they mostly use the same AI as the common enemies, with some random new move thrown in here and there so that you have a reason to come back and grind. Their variety is also sorely lacking: although there are plenty of bosses which use all four available combat style among themselves, battling against them still feels very one-note as the AI doesn't vary its offense, nor does it make any interesting moves, which makes most of the bosses completely forgettable. They simple have no personality, which is weird in a game about expressing yourself through your fighting style. What happened to ""Make your move""?The exceptions are a couple boss fights: one of them which will require you to pay attention to two boss fighters at once, and another which will have you fight a boss that can summon ""minions"" mid-battle, which while memorable fights, are so for all the wrong reasons, and very poorly designed as their arenas are very cramped, their AI is, as said before, very lackluster, and it's just more fake difficulty by having enemies gang up on you in a 1v1-designed combat style. The other boss battle is close to the end of the singleplayer campaign, in which you will fight against a boss who knows the defensive skills from all combat styles, and also uses a weapon to boot. This boss fight is the most enjoyable of the bunch because it actually employs variety, and feels like a good way to show you what every fighting style can do, and how powerful their skills are when put together. It also feels like a good final test of what you've learned while playing.Doesn't change the fact that you can cheese the majority of bosses by kiting them while running around the arena, healing up and taking the occasional potshot at them.Now about the PvP, and more specifically, the shortcomings of the combat system.My experience with PvP is still rather limited, however from a few fights I've had I can see some glaring faults in the way the combat system is designed. While the concept of using different moves and linking into different stances is very creative and an excellent idea, the combat itself seems to have had all its strategic depth removed in order to please people who don't enjoy traditional fighting games.First off, there is absolutely no reason to use any slow moves. Ever. They're reactable, dodgeable, parryable, and simply not worth it at all. Whatever damage they may do is offset by the fact that they're impossible to land against an opponent with the tiniest amount of reflexes. In traditional fighting games, the slower moves are used to extend or finish combos for some good damage, as they're fairly hard to land ""raw"", they need some decent frame advantage behind them so they can land. However, Absolver doesn't have combos, which makes the entire metagame revolve around poking your enemy with quick jabs until they happen to not block so they can take a bit of damage. Rinse, occasionally run away to use the healing spell, and repeat. Maybe you can throw in some stance transitions to screw over Parry users or to chip away at your opponents' block stamina, but that's really all they're good for.So essentially, the majority of the good ideas implemented in the combat system, like stances and move customization, are thrown away because the combat simply isn't designed to accomodate them. Why would I build long strings of attacks when hitstun is so low that there are no combos? even if you time your hits perfectly and do the flashing character move cancels, your opponent can still block mid-way and there's no fast move such as a throw (guard breaking moves are mostly very slow and very heavily telegraphed) to quickly mix up your offense and keep your opponent on their toes. This, to me, is a huge design flaw and thrown away potential in an otherwise very creative idea for a game.Coupled with a few issues such as shoddy connections and 3-player only zones, this combat system is simply poorly designed for PvP at a fundamental level, which makes this a fun, yet mediocre PvP game, and a tedious, one-note PvE game.ideas to fix combat:- implement actual combos. This will encourage players to experiment with the huge move variety. Scrubs will cry and complain at taking damage without being able to do anything, but such is the way of the scrub. Maybe make them interruptible by the shockwave or earthquake spells.- implement directional blocking. Maybe you'd have to match or mirror your opponent's stance in order to successfully block their attack? This would make the Parry move a bit redundant, but would make blocking a bit less powerful in the hands of a less skilled player yet more rewarding in the hands of a high skill player, and make matches an intricate ballet between fighters, instead of Left Trigger simulator. Alternatively, remove blocking altogether to make players have to rely on their style-dependant defensive move, which is a bit more complicated to use.TL:DR - PvE content gets stale, PvP content is exploitable and there's no reason to use deep strategy.Overall, I would not reccomend at this state. Wait for content and balance updates that will hopefully come and fulfill the squandered, dormant potential of this game."
76561197981947869,Not Recommended,473690,34811047,Posted: 8 September,all,TapoCa,"Great game, love the mechanics to bits; But fix your netcode.ONLINE MELEE ACTION is what was advertised, yet the only enjoyable way to play is offline. I have to kill the game process after about 3 pvp matches because the game simply wont finish the load. In-world PVP is a lagfest aswell, so thats really all we have. I will gladly write a long and tender review for this game as soon as I can consistently play it the way it was intended, advertised and sold.Oh and just to be clear cause people will think of this first: Im in central Europe, in a big city, with a perfectly solid internet provider."
,Not Recommended,473690,35070445,Posted: 19 September,all,The Hero,I have taken ♥♥♥♥♥ that lasted longer than this gameI wish I could check the box saying I got this game for free.but nah my money is gone and that suckswould say this game is maybe worth $9.99and I would be more understanding if it said early access but this is a full release.
,Not Recommended,473690,34808478,Posted: 7 September,all,Freaks its piss,went flying out of bounds and now my game wont work so feelsbadman
,Recommended,473690,35072272,Posted: 19 September,all,Confused,"Fantastic game, combines deck building from a game like MtG to a fighting game!  Not for everyone though, high skill ceiling and some server issues.  If you are on the fence on buying this game I would hold off until the fix the server issues across all regions and do something about the hacker problem.Solid 9.5/10"
,Recommended,473690,35074204,Posted: 19 September,all,Silvarren,"Making combos and smiting fools is fun. The story is intriguing, but relies largely on the equipment you find, and a few snippets of dialogue. The game itself is mostly intended as a PVP fighting game. You can co-op with people well enough, but the entire game is aimed towards getting you ready for the end game of PVP. So far, there are a number of planned features that aren't released yet, but the devs seem fairly active in terms of community and patch work."
,Recommended,473690,34594757,Posted: 29 August,all,Kjackice,"Absolver is a pretty good fighting game and it offers more depth then the other games in its very specific sub genre. However that is pretty much all Absolver is, its a good fighting game with loads of customization and replayability. I feel like the team focused more on the core gameplay then the story and I for one love that, so if you plan on buying Absolver your going to be buying it for the online PVP modes, not the story.ProsAmazing combat system with lots of variety in combosFantastic onlineGreat art stylelots of replayabilityMore content on the wayConsVery short story (5 hours at most)The Camera is just terrible at timesCurrent problemsServers go down quite oftenCrashingUI bugs"
76561197991141183,Not Recommended,473690,34660307,Posted: 1 September,all,Shazi,"Absolver is a really fun game, unfortunately it is riddled with bugs. Plenty of them are gamebreaking.Had it been a Beta, it'd be expected, but it's way too much for a supposedly finished game.If you can see past the bugs, then I would reccomend the game.But taking the bugs in consideration, I can't do that.My suggestion is to wait a few months, give the developers some time to iron out the worst bugs, and you'll have a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,473690,34801213,Posted: 7 September,all,᠌ ᠌ ᠌᠌ ᠌ ᠌ ᠌ ᠌ ᠌,10/10 Game of the Year. You can slap people to death. Must buy.
,Not Recommended,473690,34700056,Posted: 2 September,all,The Alpacalypse,"Honestly I didn't expect to have so many network issues with this game. My favorite one is where it dumps you on a never ending loading screen, I assume because it's lost connection to the server. Honestly just wait a couple of months before you buy into this game. The fighting is fun and there's a lot of fun to be had in customizing your fighting style. But the issues that I'm having are too great. I'll be refunding it and waiting for them to sure it up a bit."
,Not Recommended,473690,34739913,Posted: 4 September,all,Yakiniku Dick,"Very Laggy, Pls add proper servers for my country."
,Recommended,473690,35473271,Posted: 4 October,all,Synaptix,-Wondered into the world like a stumbling new born-Found the first few hours incredibly easy-Was luled into a false sense of confidence-Released into the full world-Completely♥♥♥♥♥♥on due to lack of skill-Broken and bleeding corpse left to rot-Savagely kicked while down10/10 Would play RL sim again.
76561198010582764,Not Recommended,473690,35483057,Posted: 4 October,all,Di,"If there was a way to say 'no' to some idiot who jumps you when you have no health and wants to fight, this game would be amazing.otherwise, don't bother picking it up, no content really either.  Its too addicting to put down sometimes, but if you want a truely awesome experience with the game, play it offline first till you get a good grasp of the game, your deck, and how fighting works, then go online.  Otherwise, its a game of 'who's going to jump me while I'm trying to fight this boss/marked one, and how long till they turn around and fight me because I have no health and they are ♥♥♥♥tards?'the answer: everyone, their mothers (who probably bought them the game anyways), their big brother (who is playing the game for them) and any other♥♥♥♥♥hole out there.  Don't listen to the 'honor code' thing that is popping up, that's only for streamers, not the average player.  I've had 5 players jump me when I was at low health after a marked one fight, last time I played, less than 30 minutes of online time.  Why?  Because they believe that interactions with players means better experience, well I'm sorry, if I don't lock on to or even defend myself, it should take experience away from these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rather than give them anything.But, the devs won't change that, because their player base will leave, well, the♥♥♥♥♥holes will, and since that's all that plays the game anymore, there we go, dead game.Can't believe I bought it twice, but I do like the game when offline, able to enjoy myself and the tense fight with marked ones/bosses.  But since the online scene is the only way to advance even in the single player version of offline play, there's no purpose to it.  After the game truely does die, and sloclap and devolver go on to other games, this one will get pushed off the servers, and no one can advance in the game anymore.I honestly wish I could play this game online, find some great players to play with, and not have these experiences, but since that's a now ancient history of online gaming, I'm afraid the online scene will probably die off entirely soon anyways, till a resurgence, then we are back in this♥♥♥♥♥♥hole, only now we are jacked into the game itself ala sword art style...Got off topic there...  But to wrap this all up, buy this game, play it offline till you are happy with it, then go online, and uninstall when meeting with those above people."
,Not Recommended,473690,34944892,Posted: 14 September,all,OneLastShot,"The game is like the reviews, its not bad but not that good either. The thing is do you want to spent a lot of money for something that is average at best? I could not even force myself to play the game after it got released and nearly forgot I even had it.The world feels not alive at all and I felt not conected, the NPCs are just copy paste with different move sets.I fell for the trailers and the nice fluff videos, but once in game you realize its not really like that."
,Not Recommended,473690,34608749,Posted: 30 August,all,LookAtMyRight,"I really enjoyed the game.The graphics and art styleThe ancient kind of settingsThe combat (which I still suck at)The ""It's just like Dark Souls""But why I didn't recommend the game?There's still a lot of bugs and issues especially with the frame ratesit's weird that even tho I toned the graphics down to low the FPS still the same as when I was using ultra graphics.Then sometimes when you died, you can't move and your character literally invisible, can't even press ESC to quit the game so I had to Alt + F4 which is messed up.Another one is when I got attacked by another player, sometimes I just couldn't move at all and I suddenly died.And the lag issues wow, there's a lot of desync going on here.So yeah I'll not recommend this game until those bugs and issues fixed.After all 4/10"
76561198033377946,Not Recommended,473690,35096840,Posted: 20 September,all,azuredreamzzz,"I would hardly call this a working game when it's 90% online. So much lag/rubberbanding, constant crashes, and too many bugs. each time the game patches it just gets worse. I can't recommend spending money on this. I do enjoy the concept. It would be great if it worked as intended but it doesn't most of the time."
76561198038714771,Recommended,473690,35237113,Posted: 27 September,all,YUNG DAGGER DICK,"Look, sometimes people lag and for whatever reason in this game it makes you lag. So far I havn't experienced too many of these. Theres not alot of content, but its a fighting game what the hell were you expecting. This game is really fun and what it does well, it does really damn well (when no one is lagging). All you should care about is the combat and PvP although the PvE is pretty damn fun. Combat feels rewarding, badass and satisfying, I could beat the crap out of random noobs all day. If you enjoy that type of game its an awesome experience.7/10 would kowtow again."
,Recommended,473690,35504136,Posted: 5 October,all,Jones,"I ran all three classes of character through the level and killed all the marked targets and it took about 22 hours. The game isn't over at that point as I had rushed the game and did not learn all the moves and unlock all the additional perks. I have only done a few PVP matches but they were a lot fo fun and I plan on playing manay more hours with PVP.I have played the games that people have compared this one to but never really got into them enough to complete them. I do plan on unlocking all the content and at least putting another 40 hours into it.There is a bit of a learning curve to configuring your fighter, but if you are the tinkering type it is enjoyable. I Out of the 26 hours I currently have on record I have spent probably an hour and half just messing with the character configuration.The one thing I can say might be off putting is a lack of specific direction. There isn't a lot of hand holding and you have find your way to the objectives with a rudimentry map. Your first play through you will get lost a couple of times  but once  you have completed the objectives with one character you shoudl have a clear understanding where everything is.For 30 dollars I suspect i will get 60 to 90 hours of gameplay out of it. I feel that I have already gotten the value out of the game and will continue to play.The biggest critism I have is the controls for mouse and keyboard, they don't feel right. However it plays great with a gamepad. I have been playing it on an old xbox 360 controller with no complaints."
,Not Recommended,473690,34622502,Posted: 30 August,all,Great Grey Wolf Sako,Clunky as all hell. Difficult to master controls (especially if you come from a Dark Souls Background). Friends who play Enjoy it. I just don't. I recommend to try it and refund within the first 2 hours if you dont care for it by the time you get to the first big boss of the game.
76561198046595247,Not Recommended,473690,34715074,Posted: 3 September,all,Microsoft Word,"Honestly, this game isn't finished. I'll level with you, i've bought it, played for 1h and a half, and refunded it. People comparing it to either dark souls or for honor are looking things that are not in this game.For honor have stances, this game does too. Is the gameplay the same? No.Dark souls have a cryptic story, this game... Have none. Well, there we go for that.I really wanted this game to be good, I really did. But this game got sold on false promises. It's NOTHING like all the games it has been compared to. All I got from it is a slow paced game, where the level design make no sense. It is honed for 1v1, yet, all the enemies are packed and linked together. It promote cooperation, yet all the people you'll meet will basicaly start punching you once the pack of mob is done. It promote PvP, which is a slugfest because there is basicaly no punition for a failed move.God damn I wanted this game to be good."
76561198058350085,Not Recommended,473690,34747345,Posted: 4 September,all,Patrick PornStar,One day I'll be able to connect to the servers.It's just not going to be today. Or tomorrow. Or ever.
,Not Recommended,473690,34590008,Posted: 29 August,all,Prune,one problem. OCE or australian servers are a myth.
76561197990321610,Not Recommended,473690,34681119,Posted: 2 September,all,ChillypriG,The server ♥♥♥♥ this game up big time.
76561198002019002,Not Recommended,473690,34706318,Posted: 3 September,all,Heidis Grandpa,"What the heck did I have in my mind when I gave 30 Euros for this ?Animations are nice but the whole fighting system feels clumsy.The game leaves you with nearly no idea what to do next.All in all it feels like an alpha state game.Simply : Unless you get it 50% off, don't buy !"
,Recommended,473690,34915350,Posted: 13 September,all,Lithuex,"Most of the negative reviews seem to have some things in common.1: ""PvE content is too short"". Maybe you should of done your homework and realized this game is a PvP fighting game. Look at the tags for Christs sake.2: ""PvP is a spam fest"". Honestly, if you think spam is bad, you really, really, really need to git gud. Get hyper armor attacks. Get parry attacks. Get avoid high/vertical/straight attacks. There is so much complexity to depth building and I can't believe all the negative reviewers didn't use the tools we are all given.If you want a PvP online fighting game where you can make your own fighting style, fight with it, learn where your weaknesses are and change your deck to shore them up, get this game.If you're a brainless moron who doesn't know how to block or read opponents' moves, git gud."
76561198064564805,Not Recommended,473690,34953566,Posted: 14 September,all,Akuno,Well designed game. Too many bugs though.
,Not Recommended,473690,34589990,Posted: 29 August,all,Pyromane,"As much as Idesperatelywanted to enjoy this game.. I can't.When I ""finished"" this game I sat in my chair speechless wonding if that was really it.Pros:Great environment and map design.Cool artstyle.Cons:The game isextremelyshort and the story feels very half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Very open ended ""ending.""It has a very Dark Soulsish feel, giving you nothing but the bare minimum of what todo.Theres only one map thats relatively small.The fighting while cool and interesting, is buggy and has a strong rock-paper-scissors feel to it.Repetitive.Lacking in overall content and player customization.Areas are restricted to onlythreeplayers."
76561198051318061,Not Recommended,473690,34642079,Posted: 31 August,all,JubNub,game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
,Not Recommended,473690,34664332,Posted: 1 September,all,Chef Boy RD,"Alright so this game looked pretty cool and people thought that it could be the ""Better For Honor"", they were wrong. This game pisses you off so easily and its Campaign is good and it took me 4/5 hours to complete it with friends. But the connection problems are just as bad as For Honors. Dont even try to play 1v1s cause the connection problems make it terrible. People are constantly teleporting and you will be lucky to be placed up against someone who is around your level unless you beat the Campaign. Dont buy this game for the 1v1. The Campaign is only about 4/5 hours worth of play time with friends. So if you only want 4/5 hours of fun for 30$ then its worth it too you but it sure isnt worth it to me. This game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.(I have only played the open and closed beta for For Honor.)Im editing this review to say that this game is fun. But annoying at times.Nothing to do after the campaign."
76561198273024836,Not Recommended,473690,34926751,Posted: 13 September,all,yoloswagkushbro,This is my first ever review. Don't waste your money on this game.
76561198101641175,Not Recommended,473690,34609678,Posted: 30 August,all,Gionzx,got 20mbps internet but lagging on my attacks... server issue? this is the only problem i have.. anyone on SEA servers might have a problem.
,Not Recommended,473690,34876655,Posted: 10 September,all,Terry Folds,Absolvers combat is great. But I wouldn't be able to justify spending 30 dollars for a game thats 10 hours long.Needs more content.
,Not Recommended,473690,34687383,Posted: 2 September,all,Agustin,"At the moment I wish I didn't bother getting it. But it doesn't have that many flaws.Tiny world, you can explore it all quite fast if you avoid the fights.The only weapons are war gloves and swords.Confusing NavigationCheatersRegion Lock, although it's understandable since it would be a pain to PVP with lag, it's not clear on the store page.Now you can invite people from other regionsPVE content is so little you may as well consider it an exclusively PVP game, if the servers are online to allow it.Dying community? Had over 10k concurrent users during the first 2 days, not they don't even hit 3k, it will probably be boosted by discounted sales in a few years."
,Not Recommended,473690,34721423,Posted: 3 September,all,grathgar,"Between server and game stability issues, this game is too rough to recommend."
76561197992193613,Not Recommended,473690,34763499,Posted: 5 September,all,Luke SkyLanister of Bel Air,"This isn't so much a review as it is a warning.The game is good... really good if you like a mix of RPG, co-op and fighting games, it's light on it's elements but had depth in it's competative gameplay.But according to many posts I have found online, people's characters are having save file corruptions and losing all of their progress. Until this bug is fixed I will be staying clear of this game, I trust the developers may fix this in the future. But as of right now I'm not interested in puring hours into a game I may not be able to continue at any moment. Dissapointed too, I bought this for me and a friend and I feel very dissapointed.EDIT: just to be clear, this HAS happened to me and is why I am not playing"
76561197974147950,Not Recommended,473690,34689660,Posted: 2 September,all,delmoreskag,"Marginal game disguised as a good one.  Spam <square> to win. It all depends on who can stagger lock who first.*edit*I think i need to clarify since I really want (and trying hard) to like this game.I should also note that I have not, and have no plans on uninstalling this game and getting my money back even though I have issues with it.  I think sloclap should be commended on what they did here.This applies to pvp (and lets be honest, that is 98% of this game's appeal):This also assumes that you have put together at least a somewhat coherent deck.There is a smaller stamina penalty for spamming attack vs blocking/dodging--so generally that is what you get in 1v1 fights.  Spam attack, staggerlock and win (especially the drunken boxer style which offers both avoid and attack at same time.  Lock on, spam attack and profit.  I have litterally locked on, and spammed attack while talking to my girlfriend, not paying ANY attention and won a round in 1v1).There is a heavier stam penalty for blocking/dodging--so if your goal is to win rounds, why bother?  Just start mashing attack.Ever watched a boxing match?  Ever seen the end of rounds when both fighters are gassed?  They dont swing a lot. It takes a lot of energy to swing--less to block.  But in this game, if you block you will burn stam way sooner than when swinging.  Its just unrealistic.The 1v1 fights where you actually get an opponent who is anti-spam (who actually dodges, uses special ability, blocking and attack all combined with a strategy) can be extremely entertaining.  Yes they do exist.   These encounters alone have given me hope for this game:  Do a few attacks, block a few, disengage and either try a different opening moveset or use the same one (depending how you did against your oppenent in the outset)--you know, like a real fight.But unless depletion of stamina on attack is forced in game mechanics (see: Dark Souls/Nioh) these encounters are rare, and you have to depend on your oppenent to play like its a real fight.So hopefully they balance the stamina use a little better and this game will be around for awhile, otherwise I think people are going to get bored as it takes little skill (see putting toghether a coherent deck) to win."
76561197987435934,Not Recommended,473690,34633462,Posted: 31 August,all,TheWell,"I have no idea what i'm doing, it's like dark souls with no gratification. The devs are touting a deep fighting experience, but it's all just button mashing. Having to to find other people to win fights is a complete pain. Devs need to write a better ""tips"" section that actually gives players a chance to understand how to play. When I won fights i had no idea why i won them vs fights that i lost. Feels and plays like an early access title, give it some time, almost smashed my controller this morning, hours of Dark Souls left me feeling less worthless than this game. Maybe I suck, but i wont be coming back to this for a while till the difficulty gets balanced out. In summation: ""not fun, just hard."""
,Recommended,473690,34608182,Posted: 30 August,all,justas,i'm in the credits 10/10
,Recommended,473690,34709780,Posted: 3 September,all,Boggybean,+ good+ nice- combat trials
,Not Recommended,473690,34780477,Posted: 6 September,all,Pineappleoverlord9k,"online didn't work and the combat while fun isn't for me.Also im a very story driven person so getting in and finding out the story isn't very drawn out made me kinda not want to play.however, for pvp this game is very good (if online starts working for me it didn't.) and to see good pvp look for the streamer peeve on twitch.however if you are trying to find something to play after playing dark souls which is what i have been trying to do for months trying to find a good game that resembles dark souls well this isn't it because this game even though compared to dark souls is nothing like dark souls.this game is a good game, but until they fix it i cannot recomend it, and i also did return it for that reason alone for the multiplayer not working.but when and if they fix it i will re buy iy AND change my review for this game."
76561198043909188,Not Recommended,473690,34747293,Posted: 4 September,all, w o a h ,Servers lul.
,Not Recommended,473690,34704367,Posted: 3 September,all,Slade,"Cool concept, but controls are eh to where I feel like it's hard to really have all that much control over anything and navigating the world is confusing. Not worth the money imo."
76561198038653373,Not Recommended,473690,34961117,Posted: 14 September,all,zeno39,"The combat system and setting are both unique and really fun.  It's just to bad that the online experience is just this buggy unforgivable mess with out there really being a reason for it.  You'll experience invisible enemies, infinite loading/black screens, constant d/c from 1v1, buggy loot drops/rewards that wont make it into your inventory, and my personal favorite constant death by falling through the world.  Don't buy this game until they fix this mess, but if you cant help yourself just don't play online."
76561198166269701,Recommended,473690,34988909,Posted: 15 September,all,ThatGuy,Great and fun game the only bad thing about it right now is the severs are♥♥♥♥♥♥and when your in a pvp or playing with a friend the sever with crash and everyone will be gone
76561198052376528,Not Recommended,473690,34666994,Posted: 1 September,all,vital,"the game is overpriced and feels unfinished, it feels like an early access, it came out with a lot of server issues and desyncing and the game world is really laking in content and direction the game combat is good but whats the point of getting better if you finish the game before you even got the chance to use youre new skills"
76561198140035754,Not Recommended,473690,34826900,Posted: 8 September,all,Treason,game had potential. its supposed to take 10 hours for you to become an absolver. i did it in 3. then you go an explore see if there are new areas. there isn't. you explored the entire game in 2 and a half hours. ok try pvp mode. gets old after about 30 mins to an hour. This game isn't worth 30$ at the moment 15$ at best.
,Not Recommended,473690,34950373,Posted: 14 September,all,Prof. Dr. Mett. Dent. Gaeb Nooel,"The game is about to die 3 weeks after release. At the time of writing this review the game has ~900 current players.I've played for 3 and a half hours and the game didn't keep me very interested because it's always the same schematic.Run through the world, fight weak people and then the b0ss afterwards.PvP has no content either, it's 1v1 all the way.Don't waste your dosh like I did, be smart and don't do drugs, mkay."
76561198061600381,Not Recommended,473690,34679411,Posted: 2 September,all,Redmacinton,i realy enjoyed playing this game for few hours but when you dont have that much time to play this game you can have some big problems in the pvp combat.here is some pros and cons.Pros+you can make diffrent Combat Deck and styles+Combat is smooth+Visual and atmosphere+Story is not too longe+other players can help you fight mini bosses and NPC.-+the world is open but not that big so its both con and a pro-+mostly a pvp and not much of pve-+the pve combat can be hard first but it will help you for pvp after some time to learn new moves and such.-+boss fights you wont get any help there from other players you just gotta fight him/them alone (special areas)here is the cons-there will be mostly lvl 40-60 right now-they havent fixed the lagging problems from other players they get and advantage from it-most players is using Fast attack decks so new players will have problem in pvp-there is only 3 players on each area so you wont see many players in one place-people begin to use spammer decks will be hard for new players but not for experiense players
,Not Recommended,473690,35011409,Posted: 16 September,all,Kanra,"Poorly optimized, and runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥Only fun to be had is co-op pve, even that lasts about 3 hours at max."
,Not Recommended,473690,34768197,Posted: 5 September,all,Gilean,"Had high hopes for this game because I'm a Souls fan and this one seemed very unique.   However, immediately noticed that it doesn't have Widescreen support (games several years old have that now) and I couldn't even make it out of the options menus and character creation without issues.   Refunded, and disappointed."
,Not Recommended,473690,34665292,Posted: 1 September,all,Kryptiko,"Pros- Excellent Combat Mechanics, fitting for a triple AAA game- Excellent level designCons- Horrible to almost non-existing servers,fitting for a triple AAA game- Too many bugs and glitches that can and will be abused.Is it Worth your money ?Solo campaign  - yesMultiplayer - not even if its free"
76561198166601490,Recommended,473690,34623379,Posted: 30 August,all,THETRUECOWBOY,This game has by far the best combat system.It is good how you change between pvp and pve and move up in the ranks to fight better players.Requires skill to play.Not for casual if you are one this is not the game for you.The bad is the server lag and lack of game modesGraphics great and great for its price.
76561198059809933,Not Recommended,473690,34596735,Posted: 29 August,all,Papa Bless,I've seen less bugs in my garden
,Not Recommended,473690,34714478,Posted: 3 September,all,Felraxus,"The game is a fantastic, the major problem is though is the lack of PvE content and server stability. I would love to hunker down and do some really challenging PvE content outside of running through the same 4 areas beating up everyone i see to learn their moves (and i know they have something in the works). Currently the only way to get to the next levels of bosses for more challanging content after you beat them the first time, is to grind out PvP matches. I think there should be an option for those who dont want to go toe to toe with other players on being able to unlock this content. The PvP in general though is very good, as i have read before its like a game of chess but with your fists, reading your opponents moves and countering from there using your skills in your arsenel.The servers in general right now are VERY unstable, during peak hours they are almost always down, whether it be from them being just flat offline or very very laggy. Making also grinding PvP to unlock PvE content very rough to do since you can't connect or fight properly in its current state.Overall the game has a wonderful infrastructure that can be improved on greatly truly making this into something to behold. As of right now it feels very much like an Early Access game that was released as full.  I would reccommend keeping an eye on this, but wait till they add more content and fix their servers before jumping in. That said, in its current state i cannot fully recommend this game, but in time it could be something great."
,Not Recommended,473690,34668248,Posted: 1 September,all,SlurpyDurpy,Amazing game with some of the most interesting combat to date. Good art style and music. A fun and challenging pvp game.However at the moment the game's servers are unstable and laggy. Half the time you end up fighting with a person across the map with magic atacks randomly hitting you from all sides. Also several hackers but those aren't too bad.The game is a gem howevert you should wait till it get's polished.
76561198100632025,Not Recommended,473690,34672682,Posted: 1 September,all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,This game is great but i wouldn't recommend the multiplayer. There are a lot of exploits and advantages in the game people take advantage of. A majority of those people do combat trials so if you don't do the trials then you should be good. An example of something I hope gets fixed are some of the sweeping kicks. A good amount of them are long range and essentially undodgeable along with being fast. All you got to do then is just take off all of your armour then you will utterly stunlock the enemy and it's impossible to get away from it. Until it gets balanced out I'm not going to recommend the game especially if you don't have friends to play with.
76561198139646224,Recommended,473690,34599537,Posted: 29 August,all,BachQuy,"If you're into fighting game, just get it. Once they add in a 3 vs 3 and rank match it will be even better. The only cons I see is there is no map,and you kind of have to learn thing by yourself as you go. But that is minor things, the gameplay is what important. And the gameplay is freaking awsome!!!"
76561197999946763,Not Recommended,473690,34690636,Posted: 2 September,all,Trenix,"Problems with the game- I HIGHLY recommend you to NOT get this game if you don’t want to use a controller. Currently in the game, having a controller gives you a big advantage. For example, using a keyboard and mouse, your special ability requires you to slide your mouse, so you’ll end up using it accidentally and most of the time, it doesn’t work when you want it to.- I played the game 1.7 hours and logged out. I wanted to think about whether I wanted to keep the game or get a refund. So I went out and thought about it. When I returned, I was going to get a refund, only to see I went past 1.7 hours. I went to task manager to see what was running on my computer and yes, it was this game. Therefore my decision was made by a poor game development. Make sure you shut down the game through task manager if you’re not having fun and are planning on getting a refund.- Game seriously should be tagged as an early access game.- Motion blur can’t be disabled.- The tutorial doesn’t teach you all the fighting mechanics that you need to know in order to fight correctly.- Servers are almost always down.- Using scroll mouse to rotate between enemies that you’re fighting doesn’t always work.- There is plenty of lag which ruins your fights. The lagger gets the advantage.- Game is heavily balanced off of 1v1, but the game keeps forcing NPCs to group up on you. Have fun being stun locked by attacks from multiple NPCs until you die.- Falling off of the edge and into water, which kills you, happens an awful lot even when you’re trying to avoid it. This is because of the quickness of attacks and dodges which don’t always act the way you want them to. If you picked avoid, this just adds to it.- Camera goes crazy when next to a wall, making you frustrated while your opponent obtaining an advantage.- Quitting the game in-game, doesn’t actually make you quit. It instead restarts the game, requiring you to press enter and then finally you can quit the game.- The lack of a map and being forced to go to a shrine to have a crappy one, is just ridiculous. There is also no teleporting between shrines, so you need to run all the way back and forth. Also you will get lost, it’s not fun, it’s REALLY annoying.- Armor isn’t MMORPG style, it’s not always better. Depending on what style you fight, depends on what armor you should use. So if you’re a fast fighter, you require light armor, which is usually early game gear, or no gear at all. So enjoy not using all the gear you find.- Game has no sense of direction for the campaign.- Even when you use your special ability correctly, sometimes you don't gain stamina for it.- You get duplicate items which do nothing but clutter up your inventory. They can't be removed, traded, or sold.- Setting up move sequences in annoying since moves are only filtered by end stance. You cannot filter them by damage, speed, damage type, style type, ect.- No way of playing offline unless the servers are down or you unplug your internet.- The way you learn moves is pretty bad. You're required to use your special ability or block to learn them, which is fine until a player online assists you killing the NPC you're trying to learn from.- There is no text chat, only emotes.- There is no voice chat.- Not sure if it's the lag, me using PC controls, or just terrible game developers, but moves never do what they're supposed to, most of the time.- There is no matchmaking system, you will go agaisnt people way above and way below your level.- Game isn't server side, therefore hacking is easy. Could be why level ones somehow have all the moves already while I'm level 40 and still struggling to unlock all of mine."
76561198088868626,Recommended,473690,34782343,Posted: 6 September,all,King of all Games,Friendly fire is always enabled :^)
76561198327164251,Not Recommended,473690,34843346,Posted: 9 September,all,Misen,"It honestly is a good game. However, it falls off after you beat the main story, which takes maybe 4 or 5 hours. The 1v1 PvP is unfair, as you lose just from falling off the map, which is awfully easy. After playing the game, and beating the main story, the game seems rather boring, and repetitive."
,Not Recommended,473690,35131450,Posted: 22 September,all,Son of Woden,"Well theres nothing to do but run around and get beat up by every player who has more experience than you. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game horrible tutorials, waste of money cuz you cant do anything that isnt pvp and good luck finding someone to teach you and not beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you over and over."
,Not Recommended,473690,34633556,Posted: 31 August,all,Tadpole Hunter,Liked the game when I could play it as intended. Lag... lots of it and it ruins the experience more than most games.
76561198050759707,Recommended,473690,34808088,Posted: 7 September,all,Blah146135,john wick
,Recommended,473690,34771260,Posted: 6 September,all,Bradsgotthis,"One of, if not the best fighting game thats come out in a decade."
76561198053514362,Not Recommended,473690,34849688,Posted: 9 September,all,bigscaryalien,+ combat+ animations- repetitive- lag- content
,Recommended,473690,34799661,Posted: 7 September,all,Forlion,"Once you get into it, it's like a better for honor.Don't expect much of the singleplayer. It's fun, and it's really nice to explore the beautiful world. But, there is only about content for 3 hours.This game is meant to play multiplayer, 1v1íng people online, or just going after bosses with random players feels really fun.I'd recommend the game, if you really love fighting games as such. But if you're still considering it, maybe wait till it's on sale."
,Recommended,473690,34892502,Posted: 11 September,all,Detective Fat Weedington,very fun game but the PVP F***ING SUCKS they will pair noobs up with pros and you will get absolutly destroyed dont do pvp till ur a prp at the game
76561198040308115,Recommended,473690,34892221,Posted: 11 September,all,Toaomb,"FINAL VERDICT ON ABSOLVER IS IT GOOD OR IS IT♥♥♥♥♥♥_____________________________________ITIS♥♥♥♥INGGREATSeriously, this game deserves a huge round of applause for being an incredibly well thought out, competitive, challenging and just plain fun game to play alone or with friends.The art is great, the music is great, the fight DEAR LORD THE FIGHTING, the customization of your fighting style.. honestly it's worth your time and worth your money. I could see this game lasting a long long time, keep up the good work devs everyone spread the damn word this is a *GREAT* game"
,Recommended,473690,34798759,Posted: 7 September,all,AcidGhoul,"+I really enjoy the combat system in this game.+Having complete customization of your own combat deck is extremely fun.+The overall atmosphere and art style is intriguing.+Enemies are fun to fight through the short campaign.+Overall my enjoyment has been fufilled for cost per/fun factor ratio.The only things I do think they need to add/revise which imo aren't deal breakers:-More PvE content, granted I know this games main purpose is to deliver on its PvP content.-People want to switch it up, and that also brings more players into the mix if they can get more feel for the game first before being forced right away to pvp after spending 3-5hrs to beat the campaign.-More masks, and more intestering unique items. Other then that I love the game.All in all, Absolver delivers a unique approach to the fighting game genre. Tell your friends about it.9/10"
76561197995615231,Recommended,473690,34799789,Posted: 7 September,all,Teek,"It's good fun, a bit of a rough start for me, enemies seemed to be a bit too difficult when they're in a group and you're solo. Once I leveled enough it become more challenging and fun than outright difficult. Visuals are splendid, map and areas take a little getting used to. The main negative for me is the lag, I believe I experience it at full force when i enter a new area, takes a few minutes to stabilize, but I can't be certain. PvP worked fine for me."
,Not Recommended,473690,34890622,Posted: 11 September,all,Aason1st,"This game has so much potential, It has amazing fighting mechanics and fluid combat animations but lacks in a good story. The story of this game is very minimalistic, completing the story only tacks around three hours and feels more like a first stage. As well, the tutorial leaves a lot of important information out.PvP can be a very fun experience if the system was a little fairer. People who are lagging will have the advantage since the works what the player sees and not what the server sees.without the story in mind 9/10, overall 6/10"
,Not Recommended,473690,34623846,Posted: 30 August,all,Approximately 12 Llamas,"The tutorial for this game is probably the ♥♥♥♥♥iest i've ever seen. Not because it's buggy or anything, but because it doesn't teach you how to fight. Sure, it tells you that if you click the left mouse button you'll attack. But that's it.Make your tutorial better. It's ♥♥♥♥ing useless."
,Not Recommended,473690,34650490,Posted: 31 August,all,XJAG,"i was looking for a laid back expierence, and this was not it, you just fight  but its not as easy as you think if you dont want to get mad at your screen like i was dont get the game because i didnt have fun with it, it was really difficult and thought it would be easy. I was also hopinh to get to have like a permanet melee weapon but it seems like for what ive played its just your fists and you cant get permanet ones.This is not for me and for people that want a laid back expierence, the reason im not recommending this game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34597340,Posted: 29 August,all,HurricaneScratch,"Played for an hour and then the servers went down for me and my friends for 4 hours, rinse repeat."
,Not Recommended,473690,34715825,Posted: 3 September,all,lebra,"Queuing up for 1v1 trials end up being frustrating & dull due to atrocious network issues & desync, possibly 5:6 matches. Open world PvP is way worse on a scale to be considered a joke, not worth going into detail. Offline/Singleplayer mode as you play through the story provide a couple hours of mere fun, else it gets trivial quite fast.Game has potential, but completely drained of all interest until networking/desync issues are fixed."
,Not Recommended,473690,34849217,Posted: 9 September,all,Mister Z,"Cool game,bought it and instantly played 15hrs in a row something i haven't been able to do for a while now with any game.But after just 15hours i already feel like i've explored everything and everything seems so repetitive so soon,not worth the price for the amount of hours i had fun.Game really needs a bigger world,a local chat,more arenas,more loot,more everything..As it is right now i wouldn't recommend it unless you can pick it up during a sale"
,Recommended,473690,34950902,Posted: 14 September,all,KroleBord,почти как  CoD11/10
76561198042060854,Not Recommended,473690,35077223,Posted: 19 September,all,J_strikes,"I tried very hard to like this game, but it simply isn't enjoyable. FILLED WITH BUGS, almost no content, and a pretty glitchy frustrating and overly complicated fighting system. Do you like punching people a thousand times only to be killed with three hits? Do you like being gangbanged by multiple enemys with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ targeting system so you can never hit the person your aiming for? And do you want to play a game with a bunch of 30 year old men that live in thier moms basement to only play absolver. The entire system is repetitive, lacking content, and designed to make you grind on menial tasks for hours. Not worth $30 not worth $0. go waste you money on another copy of overwatch"
76561198207996871,Not Recommended,473690,34731685,Posted: 4 September,all,Pastor Ssempa,"good game sh*t server. will recommend when more content is added with a solid OCE server-----------------After a few hours play, I found the matching system itself is irritating. I often find myself spend like 3 minutes in the loading screen and then hear the background sound of single player mode and kicked back into single player. Can you give us at least an option to keep waiting?Also, we need an option to decrease difficulty. I dont know how other badass players cope, but Im struggling a lot facing three enemies at one time. I know devs are trying to be soul-like, but this is a brawler game, you dont have any AOE attacks. All you do is lock on a target and get♥♥♥♥♥kicked by its allies.And yeh, single player is a grind, combat trials are a good option to spice it up. But at this stage (especially server issures), putting it compulsory for unlock levels in game is a bit too early.Allow player to close the game while in the game, not go back to start menu and hit A to get a 'quit' option.-----------------why is every dev digging into soul-like style?!?! for me getting killled and lost a thousand million times is just an endless grindfest especially when you are trying to unlock every move."
,Recommended,473690,35097883,Posted: 20 September,all,Jet Jaguar,Feels like an early access game as of the moment but it's promising.
,Recommended,473690,35051331,Posted: 18 September,all,Big Lincoln,"Absolver is an incredible game that is sure to separate the sore losers from teh rest of us. I know I'm not easily to♥♥♥♥♥♥off but I would recommend this to anyone who isn't about to burst from high blood pressure from their regular life. You can either meditate on this game, or it will destroy you from the inside out; just like the power of the Essence featured in Absolver. xD  eks dee dude"
,Recommended,473690,34748573,Posted: 4 September,all,Hitler,why is it when i run the game it says offline on the top right corner and then when i try to play it says connecting to servers and it keeps on loading and never works unless i turn off my laptops wifi so i can play solo and i really want to play online
76561198112539601,Not Recommended,473690,34620574,Posted: 30 August,all,one emone,so far on the second day of launch i have played though the singleplayer campaign twice and played a roughly 20 rounds of pvpso far i have played over half of these games verses stun lock decks that will hit you once and chain you for a large amount of time and total most of your healthand the worst part another 2 of these games have been cut short by my opponent alt+f4ing and breaking the game so the duel ends i get no rewards and cant queue up for another. the first time this wasnt a problem but since the second time i havent been able to re launch pvpwouldnt reccomend till they fix the pvp issues
,Recommended,473690,34580146,Posted: 29 August,all,HJam,Isn't a shooter game. That should be enough.
76561198244969684,Not Recommended,473690,34740084,Posted: 4 September,all,Daddy Pig,"Honestly, this game was fun for the first 20 hours, being a noob(ish) prospect and everything. Boss fights were challenging but not rage quit inducing. and then it came to the final boss, i cannot stress enough how stupid it is that 'the only way to beat her is to feint attack and then get a combo'. Says every website, but she blocks them and parrys them as she is a forsaken. This pisses me off so much to be honest."
,Not Recommended,473690,34740091,Posted: 4 September,all,Me,Good game...Gorgeus designGood design...Great combat when youre not against spammersBut then for the thumbs down...Right now spamming quick attacks will always win for you...Theres nothing you can do after they begin.Spammers are the thing holding the game back.YOu cant build a nice combo deck and have a skilled fight. WIth ducking doging and stuff.It is . What can you spam the most and make it impossible to Dodge parry or blockOnce done. There you go. Now you can win every game you play
,Recommended,473690,34822399,Posted: 8 September,all,NepNepZ0Z,"LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT SOO MUCH!!!It's my favorite game in wayy to long, but the servers need fixing"
,Not Recommended,473690,35427942,Posted: 2 October,all,Yakza,"This game still needs more content and some fixes.GOOD- Graphics- GameplayBAD- Wonky Camara- Low in content- No mini-map- No fast-travel- Even if you level up, seems to be always the same (you never really get stronger)Overall I don't recomended (maybe later if the devs add more content)."
76561198043797873,Not Recommended,473690,34910464,Posted: 12 September,all,Zenthex,"This game is great! So, why the bad review?Well, the game is somewhat buggy, and the bugginess is amplified by the poor connectivity. Some of the bugs I've experianced are:-out of bounds glitches-NPCs spawning multiple times (eg. fighting 3 of the same boss at a time)-unpredictable targeting (eg. targetting an enemy 50 feet away while 3 other guys mess me up)-being attacked while in meditationNow, all that stuff is pretty frustrating, especially because I don't have good internet to begin with. However, what really ruins the game, is it's poor design:-poor move balancing that rewards spam-y playstyles-multiplayer arenas where the easiest way to win is to knock eachother off into the kill plane-unclear mechanics, especially around the stat system-beating the game with the khalt method being much easier than the other two styles-multiple identical armor pieces-very unhelpful invintory sorting-lack of a helpful map, and even if there was, the game would be shortened from 5 hours to 2-combat not being suited for groups of enemys, which is the majority of encounters-useless weapons and magic-menus that break down at lower resolution-obaining new moves takes entirely too long, and by the time you've beaten the game, you're still usually using the same moves you started with. as a result, most players will never really be able to make a deck that is anywhere near unique.So, with all this in mind, why do I think this game is great? Well, because when it works, this game is extremely engaging. A good fight can feel like a game of chess, and even if you lose, it's still satisfying. However, because of the developers lack of design insight, good fights aren't something that happen. As a result, the experiance is deeply frustrating and disapointing. Had this game been given the same design treatment that it got in concept, it could easily be a masterpiece. But it's not, because it didn't"
76561198110406071,Not Recommended,473690,34751972,Posted: 5 September,all,zampa,"When Absolver works it's an interesting brawler with (imo) the best combat system ever build, to bad it's a tecnical piece♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashes, lag, clipping into walls or falling right trough them, will change my review when they fix it"
76561198334036349,Recommended,473690,34988643,Posted: 15 September,all,FreedomFighter Mugen,"This game is quite bad the first week that it got released. there were unbearable lag, but as soon as patches came out the lag slowly decreased and i can now play properly here in asia. the pvp is what makes this game addicting.- its easy to learn but hard to masterOverall i like this game allot. they are continually resolving some bugs but the games current state, its already  playale atleast for asians."
76561198027999544,Recommended,473690,34765573,Posted: 5 September,all,Sketchy Tank,"I know I dont have too many hours in the game but let me say this, this game is awesome. It reminds me of Dark Souls very much and I love Dark Souls so that should say something. Another thing is that it is also like For Honor, I also enjoy that a lot so to sum it up this game is like 2 good games had a baby. This game is so fun and I cant get enough of it, the PVP is very good and fluid in my opinion, the story mode is a little short but it gives a challenge and worth multiple playthroughs so you can grind this game. Buy this game if you like Dark Souls and fighting games, it is the perfect mixture."
,Recommended,473690,34992844,Posted: 16 September,all,Schaden,"I have followed the development of many games. I've suffered through numerous mediocre developers and enjoyed the work of a few good ones.Sloclap has been very transparent and delivered exactly what they promised. As it is, Absolver is very much worth the price. And it's only going to get better with each update.Absolver is a game made by people who wanted to play it."
,Recommended,473690,34696295,Posted: 2 September,all,denisgsv,"Well it's just great, combat is perfect and it's well worth the money"
,Recommended,473690,34581692,Posted: 29 August,all,cyric,(:
,Not Recommended,473690,35253702,Posted: 27 September,all,Roach,"Between the cheaters, and poor servers, I simply cannot reccomend this game."
,Not Recommended,473690,35382130,Posted: 1 October,all,Rocket,I wouldn't recommend it. Maybe when it gets 3v3.
,Not Recommended,473690,34725138,Posted: 3 September,all,Zen,Great game if you can ever really connect to play it.
76561197974315887,Not Recommended,473690,34590441,Posted: 29 August,all,Yurizle,"The idea for the game is simply adorable and it's amazing this company gave it an honest try. It's been almost over a week since the release, a full release and not an early access, and the server are down. While unacceptable but per todays standard this is how video games are released.The games mechanics are again super cute and the game does seem like it would be better played on a mobile device rather than a gaming pc or console due to it's core as you can be fully unlocked and bored within a day with or without boosting.This is not a dark souls feeling, nor should be mentioned as dark souls is a tired and outdone model, but more of the lines of for honor camera and age of wushu combat, both which are absolutely atrocious experiences even when you are having a positive win record and generally a good time with the game.A steep price for an alpha build but we can tell the playerbase is keeping the game because of it's simple, no brains nor thought involved gameplay and perhaps one day they will program the game to function okay.Absovler is something that I can safely call a ""mindless fun experience"" and it's a filler game at most."
,Recommended,473690,34746930,Posted: 4 September,all,Elk,Why did I buy I 30$ game that simulates me getting beat up when I can go to school and get beat up for free?
,Not Recommended,473690,34746782,Posted: 4 September,all,Miko!!!!!,"Australians all let us rejoice, For we are young and free; We've golden soil and wealth for toil; Our home is girt by sea; Our land abounds in nature's gifts Of beauty rich and rare; In history's page, let every stage Advance Australia Fair. In joyful strains then let us sing, Advance Australia Fair."
76561198093697995,Not Recommended,473690,34746958,Posted: 4 September,all,ÐΔЙΣ. 👁,"Fun game, but would not recomment untill they fix the servers......"
,Recommended,473690,34743560,Posted: 4 September,all,Hank me up inside,"It's pretty good.Servers crash frequently and people complain about how the game won't be fun because max level players with great stats will beat up new players.They're wrong because:1. Experienced players don't really fight new players because there isn't much fun to be had2. Leveling up your attributes gives you a menial bonus to your stats, the only function is character specialization3. Leveling up takes almost no time at all. I've played it for 18 hours and am almost max level. But even then, I still have more moves to master and more combat decks to make."
76561198069847586,Recommended,473690,34735060,Posted: 4 September,all,╔║Devour║╗,"Really fun game to play and progress in, just needs more story or endgame content but overall amazing gameplay."
76561198036995681,Recommended,473690,34733232,Posted: 4 September,all,Nebulack,"Just do it, theres no much content right now but later on this is gonna be insane."
,Recommended,473690,34703454,Posted: 2 September,all,ColdKid,"It's like for honor, but with honor"
,Recommended,473690,34715699,Posted: 3 September,all,TedikusGaming,"This is a really good game. If you like a challenge and you want to have fun do a challenge this is a game for you. The fighting is fun, the level system is good, the multiplayer makes the game even better, and playing co-op is probably the best way to play. The only complaint I have is that the game is a little bit glitchy but not too bad and sometimes the glitches work out in your favor."
,Recommended,473690,34716133,Posted: 3 September,all,SirBearington,"This is an extremely good game, but you need to keep in mind what this game is and what it isn't.What it is:An extremely deep, very balanced fighting game.Easy to learn, hard to master.A rewarding make-your-own fighting style experience.What it isn't:A good singleplayer game.A button masher.An easy game overall.At the time of writing there are server issues, but the team at Sloclap has already said there should be a patch out soon for it. Sloclap seems that they have a lot planned for the game, but obviously that is to be seen. One thing that is sorely missing but confirmed before the end of the month is ranked matchmaking.I see a lot of negative reviews on here raging that they lost or that the game is unbalanced in some way to their detriment. Don't believe them. The combat in this game is polished to a sheen and you will get out of it as much as you put in. If you are not the person who enjoys taking a break from the action to tinker around with your fighting style using all of the new moves you've learned, this might not be the game for you. If you love 1v1 pvp experiences and experimentation, this game is heaven.The singleplayer experience is obviously not the star of this game. The drop-in drop-out experience can make for some fun times, but it is mostly just a long tutorial for the multiplayer."
,Recommended,473690,34716458,Posted: 3 September,all,OG | Gigatron,"So after playing a bit I cn say I love this game. Of course not a blind faith that makes me ignore all of it's faults. It had a rough start but they put in more work than Ubisoft did with for honor in three days compared to Ubisoft's two months,Pros:Solid CombatGood AtmosphereDark Soul feeling about itNot linearFun Multiplayer (when it wants to work)Free UpdatesCons:Spammy at timesThe styles need a bit more balanceWonky serversShortOverall I think its a good buy for 30 bucks and has brought something new to the table. If they stay on top of it this game could gro into something even more amazing."
76561197989306474,Recommended,473690,34715911,Posted: 3 September,all,ScreamShotツ,"This game catches you and drags you in, fantastic atmosphere and fighting styles, Pve is all in all great. PvP is rather horrible"
76561197987589493,Recommended,473690,34716485,Posted: 3 September,all,stouffer,This game has simple controls with complex game mechanics. Spam is only an issue when you don't understand the mechanics. I don't understand them get rekt but still love this game. I will get you spamlords
,Not Recommended,473690,34716842,Posted: 3 September,all,Mumbzi,"I absolutely love the concept and gaemplay but there are two HUGE things that need to be updated before you buy this game:1. Connectivity - the servers are so patchy, half the time I can't even connect to the servers from Ohio.2. Balancing in online PVP - probably the biggest draw to this game is the online PVP, and quite frankly I feel like it's very hard to compete when you are a level 18 that gets matched up against level 45s that have all the equipment and moves unlocked.If you have the extra money and these two things don't bother you, I recomend buying the game because even offline gameplay is outstanding, however if you are someone like me that is drawn to games for the PVP aspect, then DON'T buy the game in it's currents stae. Hopefully the devs are responsive to all the criticism and the proper updates are pushed, it'd be a shame to see such a great game die to issues that were fixable."
,Recommended,473690,34601886,Posted: 30 August,all,panlakes,this game is heckin great
,Recommended,473690,34704166,Posted: 2 September,all,Bones,"This is a mix between the souls series and for Honor,but with a much more in depth Combat system.This is a pure PvP game . The PvE part of it is just to learn how to play,so in essence a 3-5 hour tutorial (depending on you skill) The Combat system works great,it's alot of fun to fight random people with different skillsets and mindsets. As of right now (roughly 1 week after release) the servers aren't too good though. The developers are working on it,and new content is promised to be coming once everything is properly set up serverwise. For 30€ theres not much you can do wrong here,if you enjoy Martial Arts or playerskill based PvP Combat.New Moves are learned by blocking or dodging enemy attacks (player or NPC) and added to you ""Arsenal"" after a certain amount of blocks. You get to pick and choose which ones you want to add to you Combat deck,which is basically your own custom made set of Skills and Moves. The possibilities are nearly endless,from a pure Fist-fighter (think American Boxing) to a pure kicking style (Taekwondo) to a mix of everything. The choice is yours."
76561198178890674,Recommended,473690,34704072,Posted: 2 September,all,Jabba,"Fantastic game. Low reviews due to server issues as well as some QOL issues. But the combat is unbelievable. I would recommend this game to anyone, and if they continue updating the game it will only get better."
,Recommended,473690,34704334,Posted: 3 September,all,Wolfdoggie,I punched so many peoples' pants off. My collection getting too big.
76561198039117362,Not Recommended,473690,34736572,Posted: 4 September,all,MysteryE,"Don't buy it....to many issues with the game, and it plays like a beta for $29.99...I cannot even get a refund for this game because Steam has a bad refund policy of 2 hours max. I tried to give this game a real shot, so I played apparently 14 hours, and my experience would be better if the game was stable. Wait a week or 2 before buying or watch streamers to get an idea of what the game is like. Do not fall for an incomplete game, with poor server stability."
76561198054351128,Recommended,473690,34618876,Posted: 30 August,all,Starscream,"I'm torn on this one.It does have good PVP and customisation, wich are at the center of the game.However, the rest simply isn't there.PVE ? Those are players. There is nothing else than character created with the same engine as the player (for gameplay reasons). Wich mean you will basically only see players in the entire game.Environments ? It's pretty, but there is basically 1 biome. Ruins with vegetation taking over. You have like 4 or maybe 5 ""biomes"" that are a different assortments of the same environments. You have the ruin next to the water, the ruin with bridges everywhere, the ruin with a pretty sunshine and the ruins with colors. Wanted snow, marsh, desert, jungle ? Nah. Ruins.The game is good at what it does, but to me, it's not worth the full price. I'd put out a positive review as PVP fans don't really care about the issues I have, and therefore will enjoy it. Probably a lot."
76561197989197906,Recommended,473690,34755187,Posted: 5 September,all,[神]CrownClown[神],"Great combat game (not an action RPG !!) (PVP BASED)If your looking for a pvp versus fighting game it's the game you need i really recommand.If your looking for pve game, the lack of content at the moment will bore you but more content will come in the future.I guess you already read or watch some content about the game itself, hre is my pros/cons :Pros:-combat system (fast, smooth)-move learning (180+/-)- Styles mastering (4 styles)-skillcap-creat your own move setCons:-need more pvp modes (they are on the way)-need more pve content (on the way to)-better UI- optimisation/network issues (work in progress)So if you like combat game and looking for a pvp game, i recommand 100%, if you looking for some action rpg PVE game you should wait cause you will be bored soon."
,Recommended,473690,34756622,Posted: 5 September,all,Poop Tickler,Good game. Devs are involved. Combat is rewarding and works well.
76561198047614779,Recommended,473690,34756789,Posted: 5 September,all,Mr Schwifty,"All you do is fight enimies and other players for better moves and loot over and over again, but i havnt been bored for a single moment yet. The game makes you WANT to grind and i can seriously spend hours making different decks."
,Recommended,473690,34751397,Posted: 5 September,all,dazaric,Pretty great game/10
,Not Recommended,473690,34742427,Posted: 4 September,all,Kirrlaos,"Game is fun, I didn't mind that there is no proper match making and I got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me (when the servers were up) but I got this game for the online part. Soon as they fix this and add some kind of match making .. I'll rebuy it and throw away this review, but as it stands the game isn't worth it cause lets be honest here. A pvp game where you have stats and move sets .. And you get put up again people 30+ levels from you sucks.And don't even get me started with the servers .. I know their being fixed, but as I said until both issues are fixed, buy at your own risk."
76561198338744021,Not Recommended,473690,34743998,Posted: 4 September,all,Deuces,"Ok, I will start by saying this. Mechanically speaking the game is amazing. The combat is fluid and nuanced. The moves are badass and building a deck feels like both a challenge to get the perfect combos and a journey to unlock all the attacks. PvP and PvE never seams unbalanced (there is always a way to defeat your opponent) Learn the combos and fighting styles of each player and build a character that works for you. You can create a character that is a mix of fighting styles and pairing certain styles together can create a style all your own.Now that i have said that, We need to talk about the insanely frustrating technical difficulties, and the reason i cannot recommend buying this game RIGHT NOW. Besides the short ""story"" if you can even call it that, there is very little to do in the game once you put about 4-5 hours in. Yes, you can grind your way to unlocking all the moves in the game by blocking over and over and over again agains the AI, but i want to unlock these moves organically by fighting other players. This brings me to my next point. As of right now i have NOT been able to get onto the servers for two days. Which is really frustrating. I feel like i was just getting good enough to hold my own in the 1v1 arenas, but now there is no way for me to log on and get better at PVP, which as of right now, is the only thing for me to do.I cannot recomment a game that 80% of the content is online, and there is NO WAY to get online!If you are going to market yourself as an ""ONLINE MELEE ACTION"" game, you should really make sure that your players can get ONLINE."
76561198323512187,Recommended,473690,34744764,Posted: 4 September,all,Fatal Water,*neo wakes up* - I know kung fu
,Recommended,473690,34760566,Posted: 5 September,all,Zuri campbell T,multiplayer didnt work
,Not Recommended,473690,34785110,Posted: 6 September,all,千 尺 ㄚ 乙 ㄚ 乇 尺,"- This game is so laggy.(I'm beating other player and the lags are coming. Then i lose the match because characters are teleportating.)- A lot of disconnects.I really like this game but if developers won't fix online, I won't play it anymore because it's boring when you are suddenly disconnected or your match is lagging.2/10 at the moment."
,Recommended,473690,34786986,Posted: 6 September,all,Sean's Son,gud game -servers
,Recommended,473690,34702783,Posted: 2 September,all,Ethird,"Damn, this game, fun. The art's nice, the fighting system is pretty satisfying, the co-op can be pretty fun, PvP is super fun! World is big enough to explore, story's good enough but a bit short though, finished it in about 8 hours with mocking about. Would recommend."
,Recommended,473690,34594778,Posted: 29 August,all,Debussy,Very good game!!!!!!!
,Recommended,473690,34595303,Posted: 29 August,all,John,"Pretty awesome online fighting game. Beat stuff up and it has a story that you can skip. Reminds me of Dark Souls. The big thing is creating your own fighting style which is pretty cool. Also doesn't force you to remember large button combos like other fighting games. Just two buttons that you can string together to build your own unique fighting style using your combat deck. Enjoyment largely depends on skill, though I wouldn't say that barrier is any higher than games like Dark Souls."
,Recommended,473690,34596804,Posted: 29 August,all,Who,"In love with the gameBut everything seem too short, is it PVP game? Ok story short is alright...But need more move, fighting style FAST! before it get cold!And yes, more story for more co-op is welcome! Expecting more from devs, traing for PVP now...Pls fix connection issue.."
76561198180626983,Recommended,473690,34595144,Posted: 29 August,all,Cyborgman,"They tried to make a good gameThey tried to innovate in mechanicsThey tried to make you learn kung-fuThey tried to make you feel the freddom without map and not quest trackingThey tried to make an open world in a big closed scenario with narrow pathsThey tried to make you to look foward unlocking all the movements of kung-fu for creating devasting and smart combosThey tried to use Paladins textures without melting your cpu or gpuThey tried to make you believe that there are 4 kinds of kung-fu styles in the world ...only 4, and they use similar movementsThey tried to fit weapons by invoquing them as a pokemon from a pokeballThey tried to make an IA with a lvl of difficulty that will fit with most of the players ...They tried to make a FAIR  and balanced 1 vs 2, 1 vs 3 , 1 vs 4, 1 vs 5 and even 1 vs 6  combat systemThey tried to you to not get bored after  hoursr of playing walking and fighting by sometimes discovering items and interative sculpturesThey tried to make a multiplayer game with matchmaking and free running too but in a peacfull wayAll what they have tried ... it's about 30% percent achieved.What will you do and try?You will try to find alone npsYou will try to figure out where are you going and waht is your next quest, task or waht ever that npc you text skiped said to you.You will try to lvl up for getting more skill pointsYou will ask your self if your character is broken when you realize that 1 point of skill gives you a♥♥♥♥♥♥0.1 -0,4 upgrade in statsYou will wonder if your hair style has soemthing to do with your slow reactionsYou will try to find out if you can change your fighting style when you get stuck with the npc at the tall towerYou will try to press ""I"" every time you want change clothes, and ""C"" when you want to see your statsYou will lately realize that it's not a mmorpg but also you have stats, skills and a weird inventoryYou will try to not give up, and will respwan x1000 times just to kill that npc is murdering youYou will try to jump, but there is no jump, only if you move the mouse within a specific fighting styleYou will ask your self if it would be easier to fight with your own hands instead of using that foking stick that is your character that can't rotate her self when a 2nd npc is aproaching to you from the backYou will try to remeber a combo or a special key combinations for a special ocasionYou will try to understand if it matters changing the guard by your self or just letting it changes automatic after a movementYou will try too much things and you will fail too ... but at the end after you get absorbed and you become obsesive of unlocking everything ... then you will become an absolver absolved of murdering people around a destroyed civilization"
76564537310869597,Recommended,473690,34790755,Posted: 7 September,all,SASSY-SACK,Is good but PLEASEE GET RID OF REGION LOCK!!! I can't even play with my friends. Other than that the game is fun.
,Recommended,473690,34791604,Posted: 7 September,all,Yeichi,"Kool gameSkill basedNot really that much PvE content, buy it for PvPThey patched the lil bugs in the first weekit's good"
76561198072020060,Recommended,473690,34596900,Posted: 29 August,all,Viip,1v1 scrub
76561198087253824,Recommended,473690,34594784,Posted: 29 August,all,Greedy,"This game, all I have to say is that if you are considering buying it, I say go for it, however something you should know, is that as of now, the story only takes around 8 hours to complete, as that is when I finished it, with a somewhat okay understanding of the game, and earned the rank of Absolver.  So far nothing seems to point at what that rank means other than you've beaten the game.  Also art design is somewhat creative, but can be a little jarring, and combined with the map layout, can make you disoriented.  Also I think there is motion blur, so be warned, as I couldn't find an option in the menus to turn it on or off.  I could be hallucinating, but you never know."
,Recommended,473690,34626041,Posted: 30 August,all,S U M F U C D E,"STAGGER STYLE is sick lol, but hard to get used too! Good game~add more more things for the story and the combat, including the masks owo"
,Recommended,473690,34640599,Posted: 31 August,all,John Smith,Accidently kick your friends in the face simulator 2017
,Not Recommended,473690,34583123,Posted: 29 August,all,Starcatraz,Game feels great..SERVERS HOWEVER make it unplayable.i will update when servers are fixed.Update:Game is not finished. Feels nothing but a grind. only 1 v 1 Mode for PVP nothing more.Servers for 1 v 1 are horrible.Not. A. Finished. Game.
,Recommended,473690,34606616,Posted: 30 August,all,ALLAHIN OĞLU DEANDRE,"I'm loving the gameplay and I believe that the game will get better with updates. Things that I don't like are;Fighting multiple opponents:I don't know for others but I feel like developers made the game for 1V1 combat and not fighting multiple mobs at the same time, all hell breaks loose trying to fight multiple mobs.Little to no help:Game doesn't tell you what to do, where to go, what path to follow etcetera. (( Can't tell if this is a negative side though, for me it is but for others it could be challenging. ))All in all, it is a fun game with great visuals and with such support, it -WILL- get better."
76561197989169783,Recommended,473690,34667284,Posted: 1 September,all,GreekSubzero**,Good game so far. But how long will it last..... make this game an open world.  The game will last longer.
76561198049638242,Recommended,473690,34589273,Posted: 29 August,all,Proxidist,oh
76561198101119460,Recommended,473690,34582344,Posted: 29 August,all,Heltich,"good game, the combat mechanic and the graphic are perfect, but it was fun until i found invisible guy who attacked me, i can only see his name but not the player, it moves very fast and hit me very fast, and i couldn't attack him.I wonder was he a cheater or just a bug, hopefully it was just a bug"
,Recommended,473690,34586348,Posted: 29 August,all,Hagi_DB,"Where do i start?So in this game...Everybody was Kung Fu FightingThose kicks were fast as lightningIn fact, it was a little bit frighteningBut they fought with expert timingThere were funky China men from funky ChinatownThey were chopping them upThey were chopping them downIt's an ancient Chinese artAnd everybody knew their partFrom a feinting, to a slipAnd a kickin' from the hipEverybody was Kung Fu fightingThose kids were fast as lightningIn fact it was a little bit frighteningBut they fought with expert timingThere was funky Billie Chin and little Sammy ChongHe said, here comes the big boss, let's get it onWe took the bow and made a standStarted swaying with the handA sudden motion made me skipNow we're into a brand new tripEverybody was Kung Fu fightingThose kicks were fast as lightningIn fact it was a little bit frighteningBut they did it with expert timingOh-hoh-hoh-hoh, haOh-hoh-hoh-hoh, haOh-hoh-hoh-hoh-haKeep on, keep on, keep onSure enoughEverybody was Kung Fu fightingThose kicks were fast as lightningIn fact it was a little bit frighteningMake sure you have expert timingKung Fu fighting, had to be fast as lightning..."
,Recommended,473690,34587906,Posted: 29 August,all,Wurielle,"> Takes forsaken> Tries to parry, gets hit> Tries to parry, gets hit> Tries to parry, gets hit> Parries, forgets to attack> Spams light attacksIntended playstyle."
,Recommended,473690,34585775,Posted: 29 August,all,Jordan!,"https://youtu.be/ayXDda-XUfMI'll update my review once I get a little deeper into this game, but so far I am very positive on it.It's combat system is deep but feels penetratable (unlike For Honor's was) and it slowly leaks out a loot treadmill that definitely makes you want to push forward through the storyline.This game rules. Aesthetically across graphics, soundtrack and gameplay I highly recommend any fans of fighting games or the like pick this up.Unfortunately I cannot test the online because it appears to be down, but again will update when I get hands on with that."
76561198126074907,Not Recommended,473690,34651069,Posted: 31 August,all,Viletsus,"Great game, just unable to connect to servers. I live on the west coast so Idk if that makes a difference. Also, I have beaten the 5th Marked one twice, and the final door still won't open, even though I have beaten every other boss in the game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34640003,Posted: 31 August,all,AGV,"Fix Aussie issue with connection, review will be updated until it is fixed."
,Recommended,473690,34624893,Posted: 30 August,all,NiteRL,Such Solve Many Ab Heckin Bork.
76561198014129119,Recommended,473690,34625704,Posted: 30 August,all,MagmaPanda,"The game is a lot of fun, I hope they keep pouring more content into this. Maybe best to wait to see where the Dev's take this game before buying. I wish the servers were working to get the full experience. I can only fight Jhinn so many times before I just stop playing until an update comes out or the servers are running. I recommend the game for now because of the price tag and the potential this game has."
76561198050956034,Recommended,473690,34630955,Posted: 31 August,all,Smiley Smiles,"Read all the good reviews, too busy enjoying the game here."
,Recommended,473690,34625504,Posted: 30 August,all,~Riingo,"I. L O V E. T H I S. G A M E!I currently have a character level 59 and pvp level of 39, i'm a forsaken wielding a deck that uses mostly capoeira and kickbox moves.I'll write my thoughts in this review and i'll be completely honest because of it.Absolver is a GREAT game, right now it has some bugs here and there and features that need to be implemented/tweaked, we also have  a couple network bugs quite frequently and i'm sure that they'll be fixed in no time, since we're talking about a studio that is just starting, but it has made such a great job communicating with players and fixing stuff as soon as they can.And none of these downsides can hide how much fun i had in this game, its incredible, its fun, its intense, its difficult, its absolver. Very good job making this awesome game!"
76561198354274344,Recommended,473690,34625667,Posted: 30 August,all,crabrivers120399,Gameplay is good.Excellent experience.Single player is amazing but online is very bug. It's almost impossible to dodge in online since I fly around ramdomly.Very lack server.Dark spaces are too dim. Seriously cannot see clearly. It's very difficult to fight in dark areas.
76561198253391911,Recommended,473690,34625566,Posted: 30 August,all,pickle G.O.A.T,dope af
76561198019486080,Not Recommended,473690,34651054,Posted: 31 August,all,Nox Vigintis,Servers don't work. I wouldn't recommend buying this game until they fix the server capacity.
,Recommended,473690,34663879,Posted: 1 September,all,Unco Papa Bird,"Very fun, expect a small grind to unlock the stances."
76561198160067462,Recommended,473690,34597013,Posted: 29 August,all,Dodorider,"Game is good, i didnt play for much, first experience was not being able to connect to the server, i just woke up and ill try connecting right now, post access or something, its a graphic setting, having it on low makes the game really smooth but it makes it really dark and you cant see anything, and if you are like me, having it bright, it will enable a blur effect that obviously destroys my FPS, i would love it if this game is able to seperate the option into 2 to reduce lag, or have an advanced option to reduce it tooother than that the game is seriously good, ill continue playing right now, i just had to make this clear for everyone."
76561198243736516,Recommended,473690,34775201,Posted: 6 September,all,Kepopo,"Not bad!  Those who in mad with kung fu, but never got an oppurtunities to practice.. go for this game! For sure! feeling like a bruce lee! I hope the developer deal with the lagging issue..  and update more expantion for it."
76561198062339623,Recommended,473690,34680590,Posted: 2 September,all,Gullyrob,Goodgame but until you balance those moves im not playing it. Just one guy spaming 2 fast moves and wins. You have to make more moves that counter fast attacks.
,Recommended,473690,34618680,Posted: 30 August,all,Missing Reel,Great fighting game with a lot of potential.
76561198045391499,Recommended,473690,34758465,Posted: 5 September,all,Cuck Killer69  4 2 0,Its like if For Honor let you make your own hero to spam attacks 10/10
76561198372450074,Recommended,473690,34758494,Posted: 5 September,all,Crispy_Hobo,"Wide as a puddle, deep as an ocean.Absolver has so much potential with its combat system. We already have the gorgeous open world and beautiful art style. The game just needs.. MORE.. more of everything. More bosses, a longer story, a bigger world, more customization, more game modes aside from the current 1v1's. (like the 3v3 they're planning to add later on). At the moment, it just seems like the game surrounding Absolvers amazing combat system is lacking. And it's a shame, the game could have offered so much more.The servers at the moment are also acting up so if you do plan on buying the game now, just keep that in mind. You can play the game offline but you'd be missing out on the best part - testing your combat deck against other players.I recommend waiting for a sale or at least till they fix the servers. Absolver is definitely worth experiencing putting aside what it could have been and it's current problems.My current score for the game: 7.8/10"
,Recommended,473690,34703466,Posted: 2 September,all,Farmer tim,good
,Recommended,473690,34625875,Posted: 30 August,all,spacemonster123,Great Game
76561198066573138,Recommended,473690,34623893,Posted: 30 August,all,M.W.T.,"The combat in this game is amazing, once you learn how to use stances and the deck sytem to create awesome combos."
,Not Recommended,473690,34601975,Posted: 30 August,all,Shillz,"Only content worth playing is the PvP. No variety in the PvE and no reason to do it after you beat the story in 3-5 hours, unless grinding what are basically cosmetic drops is your thing. Not worth the $30 price tag right now."
76561198073570296,Recommended,473690,34604345,Posted: 30 August,all,sickbeatskitty,busted a nut from all the kicking
76561198106276101,Recommended,473690,34616963,Posted: 30 August,all,Uiagneach,Tough but fun to play.
,Recommended,473690,34660284,Posted: 1 September,all,Mickyan,"Absolver is a fantastic game, but a difficult recommendation.If you enjoyed spending countless hours dueling in Dark Souls you will feel right at home.If you're looking for a pve/coop adventure... you'll still get plenty of enjoyment from the fantastic combat system, but unfortunately after the short ""main story"", all ""game+"" story content (what little is there) is locked behind PvP dueling. A LOT of PvP dueling.A missed opportunity, as the AI opponents are very competent and often feel not much different from fighting against a real person. The open world, seamless multiplayer encounters breathe a lot of life into the game, yet you're railroaded into instanced 1vs1 dueling to progress into the late game."
76561198014782295,Recommended,473690,34623821,Posted: 30 August,all,koalatea,Great fighting system.
76561198104326687,Recommended,473690,34623724,Posted: 30 August,all,xxxDaddy,good fix lag then great
76561198047172437,Not Recommended,473690,34624435,Posted: 30 August,all,octacom,dark souls except you fight like batman from arkham asylum.Start the gamecan't connect to the servers. Internet works and I live on the eastern coast of the USplay single playerpretty fun but I seem to just spam left mouse click (or whatever it is on control) when I'm surrounded by 3 peoplefound myself lost in a large but pointless open worldIt's ok-ish and if you like the game thats great but It's just not for me.
,Recommended,473690,34616898,Posted: 30 August,all,The Philosopher,New developer So they have had a bumpy start there new. Theres alot of thing that need to be fixed like the serversBut they will fix them Give GIVE THEM TIME! & from someone that was able to try the pvp ..........keep up the good workBut may I say a custome game mode would be niceAllso don't go into this game thinking it will be like For Honor cause its not....
,Not Recommended,473690,34629180,Posted: 31 August,all,Hot Borsch,AU and NZ players should just stop buying games all together. curse you speed of light~
76561197989929468,Not Recommended,473690,34620530,Posted: 30 August,all,craze,"The game needs balance, or this game will forever be just a spam-fest."
76561198131183326,Recommended,473690,34663982,Posted: 1 September,all,carrot,"I liked it so much. the cobat is simply amazing, while being super fast paced and competative. its very hard to get far in the game if you dont binge the game for 20 hours at a time. i got it the day of its release, best 30 bucks iv spent on steam. (not much is 30 bucks)Also, i do think that a problem is the difficulty of the story. I dont even know anything of the story either. You just spawn and kick♥♥♥♥♥ and until you beat like the first 7 or so bosses, you wont know (i dont even know if then)"
,Recommended,473690,34637200,Posted: 31 August,all,resonance,punch other players for nothing and start a brawl
76561198126606700,Recommended,473690,34595202,Posted: 29 August,all,sazpxt01,"Im enjoying it so far. No real hand holding, The combat deck system is interesting.Only complaint is the 3 or 4 crashes I have had today. One in the middle of re working my whole deck....3.5/5 so far. worth the money for sure."
,Recommended,473690,34595275,Posted: 29 August,all,retrorhett88,at first i wasnt sure then i got online and i am  having a blast killing people and getting ganked lol. would like to see this game have a long lifespan. people  just show up in your world u dont even see where they show up as far as i know its so kewl.
,Recommended,473690,34595141,Posted: 29 August,all,fady,looks promisingnow we just have to wait for a couple of years to get a proper dlc and ranked matchmaking
76561198035763897,Recommended,473690,34596807,Posted: 29 August,all,VictoryRpg,"I'll update this as I get more experience, but I've had a good time with the game thus far.  The matchmaking for duels has been finnicky and I don't like the way that ledges work, but overall I've had a good time.  I can't speak to networking issues outside of North America, which seem to be the most common issue, but the devs say that they're being solved soon.What I will say is that someone should invest a decent amount of time in learning the fighting style system.  I have a fair amount of experience in fighting and dueling games and it took me a bit to get the hang of it.  I can't say that I've created exactly what I want yet, but I haven't unlocked the vast majority of moves, so we'll see."
,Recommended,473690,34792974,Posted: 7 September,all,ขวัญเมือง People,This Game Is a good fighter game but i'm asia i can't play in online mode because lag pls added a SEA Asia server pls :D
,Recommended,473690,34595167,Posted: 29 August,all,beast,dank
,Not Recommended,473690,34613511,Posted: 30 August,all,TheBoulder,"Pros:Combat is fun and deep. There are a LOT of moves to choose from to create your combos. The art style is interesting.Cons:There are no directional markers in the UI and the only time you can see a map is at an alter, so you spend a majority of time trying to figure out where you are heading/facing. The world design is Darksouls-equse except most paths just circle back on themselves ultimately leading you nowhere. That combined with the affore mentioned problem makes the traversing this small world a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥The story, much like the tutorial, is practically non existant so there is no insentive to progress through it or to be invested in your character. 8 hours in and all I know is there are named NPCs somewhere in the world that I have to defeat. No idea why or what will come of it. I know its primarily a PVP game but if they are going to attempt a story then it should be coherent and at least passably good. Even traditional fighting games like Street Fighter, Killer Instinct, and Guilty Gear tell better more cohesive stories.Gear feels irrelevant. Each piece only modifies your damage by a fraction of point and increaseses your defense buy 1-4 points. The additional defense would be nice if not for the weight system which will lower your mobility and make your attacks slower past a set threshold. Theres no stat to increase your carry capacity (like vitality in Dark souls) so equipping more gear just makes you slow and succeptable to counter attacks.I put this last because I expect this to be fixed in the near future but there are major network issues. I regularly could not connect to the server and while I was connected the matchmaking would take upwards of 5 mins.TLDR: The combat is fun but I can't justify recommending it to anyone in its current state. Perhaps a couple months down the road (assuming they implement some changes and add content) it'll be worth it."
76561198227313444,Recommended,473690,34613726,Posted: 30 August,all,POWER,one of the most fun games ive ever played has an insane comabt system amazing graphics everything else is just mid level but for 6 developers this game is incredibly good
,Not Recommended,473690,34617818,Posted: 30 August,all,Strongest Man In The World,"Servers don't work, fighting multiple AI enemies by yourself (E.G. more than two) is an absolutely dreadful experience. Especially when some of these encounters involve fighting a form of enemy that seemingly has all three beginning fighting styles at their disposal. Maybe the idea was to team up with other players to take on these groups, but the servers not working for the time being makes that a question I cannot answer. I'd even say that the combat itself is clunkier than I had expected it to be, with the lock on system making it very hard to switch between enemies adding even another layer of bad design to encounters against multiple opponents at once. I like the idea of the God Hand esque combat deck, and the general Dark Souls feel this game was clearly going for, but all in all It's a big disappointment which led to me refunding the game."
,Recommended,473690,34600844,Posted: 30 August,all,Alex the Trigger,KFC and watermelon
76561198041309012,Recommended,473690,34617105,Posted: 30 August,all,Shun Lee,"If you like fighting games, this is a must."
,Recommended,473690,34620230,Posted: 30 August,all,Cormag,You get to punch people in the face what else do you want.
,Not Recommended,473690,34617748,Posted: 30 August,all,ironiczny studenciak,♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197972499190,Recommended,473690,34623360,Posted: 30 August,all,Panama,"Absolutely Fun and relaxing, found my sit back and chill game"
76561198053691407,Recommended,473690,34634382,Posted: 31 August,all,Cuddles,Very fun game. It'd be nice if the NPC Prospects didn't constantly gank you and you actually had to best them in more skill. But it helps you multi task.All in all it's pretty damn fun. Can't wait until more content is released as the game feels shallow for what it is at the moment so if you are uncertain maybe hang fire for a few months and see if there are more updates to broaden the game up.
,Recommended,473690,34982986,Posted: 15 September,all,The Shadow,Dark Kung Fu Soul. Awesome game play. Many styles with great options. Can't wait for more weapons and techniques!
76561198107815741,Recommended,473690,34584511,Posted: 29 August,all,bernardo--moore,BEST GAME EVER
76561198067053464,Recommended,473690,34616782,Posted: 30 August,all,blackz,"If you're into exploring a world and grinding your way to the top without having anything explained but figuring it out yourself, then this is the game you want to buy. The visuals are gorgeous, the combat system is deep and rewarding and it is so much fun expanding your equipment and combat deck. I would definitely recommend this game but I understand, too, that it is not for everyone."
,Recommended,473690,34690683,Posted: 2 September,all,Rio✝1Ʒ,Dark Honor.
76561198019147214,Recommended,473690,34771027,Posted: 6 September,all,Cephalon,"ProsGreat pvpAwesome fighting movesHeart racing boss battlesGreat art styleConsThe game sometimes has bad lag forcing you to play offline to even complete the gameSome reason you can end up fighting double of the mini bossesI recommend this game, if you love hard games that force you to git gud then this game is for you.Trust no one in this game one moment someone helps you out then they murder you just becuase."
,Recommended,473690,34771091,Posted: 6 September,all,sicks.,The combat deck system is genius. Great game.
,Recommended,473690,34616817,Posted: 30 August,all,Snownigga,"FOTM, that's for sure.I'm sure some autistic bloke has written detailed paragraphs on mechanics so i'm not going to.I will say this -The game has a bright future as long as the dev team doesn't drop it.*tips mask*"
76561198037827360,Recommended,473690,34982616,Posted: 15 September,all,Eupolemos,"Damn! - I'm reliving the glory days of IK+ with this game.Off to a rocky start, it now seems well on its way with community-attentive devs and solid gameplay.It only has a 3-4 hour PvE campaign (though you'll probably play longer to learn new moves) and it'll be some time before there's more of that, so maybe don't buy it at full price if that's all you want.But the game is something new for me (usually a RTS'er, but I can build moves and abilites and execute them with skill, or lack thereoff) and a joy I hadn't experienced since the days of C64 and IK+.Add to that a beautiful arstyle; IMO, very good for its price."
,Recommended,473690,34599244,Posted: 29 August,all,xala,Really fun game. Meant for PvP not PvP
,Recommended,473690,34616876,Posted: 30 August,all,Ambi // D Ξ S I G N S,"Great concept, Great combat, And great art style. Overall the game is amazing but it feels like its to short. Not much to do"
76561198065361570,Recommended,473690,34772179,Posted: 6 September,all,IBID,"solid, takes a fair bit of effort and time but overall, really solid"
76561198017707979,Recommended,473690,34983242,Posted: 15 September,all,Mitrasays,"Absolver is a fighting game first and foremost. It's not a sprawling adventure game with epic boss battles, upgradable equipment, and a story.This is a 3D fighter where you create your own move set, learn your opponents and (hopefully) predict and outsmart them to victory. I see a lot of parallels to Soul Calibur as well with the 3D dodge mechanics."
76561198014818365,Recommended,473690,34769524,Posted: 5 September,all,Layseyla,"Game is good, fighting is great.  But the game lacks content and the online servers are the worst.  At one point after you fight your last story boss to fight then again u need to fight online to gain levels.  Every 10 levels opens another attempt at one of the three main bosses.  Well you cant get online because servers dc you or dont even let you in.  And its been a week in beta and now a week live and no server fix.   I got no idea what to do but run arouns now and kill easy mobs in offline mode."
,Recommended,473690,34584415,Posted: 29 August,all,David,"Alright boys alright boys, Listen here. this is a pretty good game."
76561198028033871,Recommended,473690,34634438,Posted: 31 August,all,First Mate Buddy,"Awesome fighting mechanics! had a blast playing, doing 1v1s and doing the little story they got going...then i ran into these two dudes....killed me right? cool np, but when i died. i had to wait 10,500secs to spawn back into the game???!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?THATS 3 GODAMN HOURS?!? WTF IS THAT?!i'm hoping for two things1. its not some asshats hacking the game and screwing everyone over....2. it's not an actual in game thing...thats kind of stupid...(lets have these people play our game, but if they die to other players they can't play for 3 hours.)OTHER THAN THAT!It's fun, buy it."
,Recommended,473690,35006223,Posted: 16 September,all,fr1ng,"Great game and loads of fun! can't wait for the future, don't get stressed if you can't do fine at the start, the payoff is amazing!"
,Recommended,473690,35012748,Posted: 16 September,all,Gooby,"A challenging but well-polished and fluid fighting game, without the technical struggles of fightstick input.  Great game for people who are interested in fighters but don't like Street-fighter style, or who have issues that prevent them from using that input effectively."
,Recommended,473690,35007213,Posted: 16 September,all,Gireloth,"Dark Souls meets a more ninja version of Mortal Kombat and you create your own combos, fighting styles and techniques are realistic and awesome."
76561198122226040,Recommended,473690,35009185,Posted: 16 September,all,Purple7089,Probally like the only fighting game for PC and built for PC. It is great! The server issues have been resolved and the community is pretty good. Good game.
,Not Recommended,473690,34702469,Posted: 2 September,all,Ozymandias,it would be really cool if i could stay online for more than fiveminutes at a time....
76561198094371037,Not Recommended,473690,34721840,Posted: 3 September,all,Witcher_Eskel,"DO NOT BUY THIS, unless you have more money than sense. The story is only 2-3 hours long at best, and the end boss just cheats for difficulty. It wants to be a dark souls esque game but fails totally. The combat system is good but gets dull quickly, especially when you need more than 10 hours to grind new moves. The art style is uninspired and lazy. the game hinges on multiplayer but when its against other people all around the world your cool slick combo wont mean a thing when you've got 50ms of lag. To top it all off the price is way too high if it were £10.99 I would be ok, but £24.99 just takes the biscuit."
,Recommended,473690,34632228,Posted: 31 August,all,xgunkill,10/10 would bang
,Recommended,473690,34617961,Posted: 30 August,all,Andrew_Bones,"Building own combos is awesome. Every fight is unpredictable, you have to learn on the fly how to fight your opponent.A few problems though:Keyboard + Mouse controls are quite terrible. One of the key moves (parry/absorb/avoid depending on your style) is done by moving the mouse in a certain direction. However, sometimes it triggers on the smallest mouse movement, often interrupting your combo. It is not possible to rebind this at the moment.Similar thing goes for stance switching and target switching. Some keybinds are hard-coded which is quite terrible if you do not like the defaults.I definitely recommend if you own a controller. If not, maybe wait a bit and see if they add better KB+M support to save yourself some frustration."
,Not Recommended,473690,34966946,Posted: 15 September,all,naby keita,"PROBABLY the worst hype of ma life , the connection sucks , and how tf the NPC has usain bolt stamina 8 attacks in 1 row ."
,Recommended,473690,34650426,Posted: 31 August,all,Puckish,"After a long streak of wins from the start, I was finally defeated, by bob the builder.This game is my vice."
,Recommended,473690,34722058,Posted: 3 September,all,TheJStrickland,"I see a lot of negative reviews that consist of people complaining about content and a lack of story. It's almost like the keywords 'online multiplayer combat game' in the description above wasn't clear enough, so any review like this just go ahead and ignore. This game is definitely for lovers of combat games so if you don't fall under this category then don't purchase the game, simple.This game is brilliant, and does exactly what was promise, executed perfectly. The combat system itself is phenomenal. It isn't a fast paced game but in no way does that mean it is boring. Timing and combat moves have to be timed so perfectly that you will forget it is slow paced. Learning new moves also adds to the playability of this game as you'll forever be learning new tricks and moves. By what i've seen, the developers will also be adding new moves etc, so your gameplay will not die out quickly.Definitely a game to give a chance if you love combat/thinking games."
76561198071645932,Recommended,473690,34650477,Posted: 31 August,all,Mocah,"Versitile movesets, no fight gets boring.  Needs more maps and single player campaign, amazing if you are looking for a pretty much only PvP fighting game"
76561198190081001,Recommended,473690,34970374,Posted: 15 September,all,Notev52,"The game is without questions asked one of my best game i've played since an old game i used to play went down.Everything is smooth and what the best part of this game is the mechanics on how you fight, seems complex but this iswhat makes this game even more intressting to play. Everything else is a bonus to this game. Keep in mind that this is a pvp game so dont forget to check it out before buying. Else id recommend it big time if your a fan of Fighting games!"
76561198329429060,Recommended,473690,34581259,Posted: 29 August,all,IIISWIFTYIII,"This game has definitley tried ripping off dark souls.....but I'm totally cool with that!The way the area's are laid out, the way the combat feels, the leveling up system, unlocking shortcuts, and just the general behaviour of the NPC's.All these things make me happy!But it doesnt seem to have the same level of difficulty as Dark Souls, but whatever....Its has its own unique twist such as the animation and it has an MMO feel to it, I was running round the map and seen loads of real players kicking the sh!t out of each other.So far, so good!Only complaints so far, cant seem to get the game to go above 62FPS even on a 1080ti, no matter what graphic settings I change, and no 21:9 ultrawide support"
,Not Recommended,473690,34648447,Posted: 31 August,all,Nekromancer,Another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pvp game....every player you come across is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and starts attacking you. Any game where you can freely be attacked by other players is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ the community and ♥♥♥♥ this game. open pvp is a terrible idea. humans are scum
,Not Recommended,473690,34606589,Posted: 30 August,all,freedg,"Long review, I wrote this pretty late at night5/10First Impressions Reviewtl;dr:The idea of the game and the visuals are great, but the lack of a map makes finding objectives very difficult, and parrying is hard for new players.I currently have beaten three of the first eight marked ones. As I progress in the game, I may gain new knowledge, or the game may get updates that address issues I have right now. This review is subject to change.It has lots of room for potential, but in its current state, I must say that I would not recommend Absolver, as the short comings of its gameplay outweigh the things done right.I would like to start out by saying that Absolver does do a lot right, the game looks amazing, fighting is fluid and the hits are satisfying. The fighting system is unique, and seems to have lots of potential for high skill play. The shared world is cool, allowing for co-op or fun battles. It can also be turned off, allowing you to play the game without connecting to any servers. You can have multiple character saves at once.Absolver’s design seems to revolve around minimalism, seen in the flat visuals and a small HUD when not in a fight stance. It certainly looks good, but it hurts the playability of the game. The only map you get is a very, very minimal map given only when you are at altar with no landmarks, save for the overall shape of the map. This is one of the major problems, and I’ve spent most of my time running around trying to find the next “marked one” (the mini-bosses needed to defeat for progression). Even just the small addition of a compass to point north, and a compass rose on the map would be an immense help.Warning: this section is basically me complaining that the game is hard. With enough practice, these may become non-issues. However, this review is my thoughts now, so it is staying in.The fighting is the back bone of the game, and while it is alright, it is difficult for new players to become great at. My main gripe with the fighting is with the parry system. I have some blame to take on this one, as it was warned that of the three systems (absorb, avoid, and parry) parry was the most difficult, but it feels like there is room for improvement. The timing of parrying just seems very off, delayed for just too long after you send the command. This makes the window to parry very small, small enough where many of the quick moves are not reasonably parried, but heavy alternative strikes take enough to wind up that they can be parried. If being combed by an enemy, the hits usually come too fast to hope to parry and interrupt until the final, large hit. I usually will dodge out, but that takes a substantial amount of stamina to do. Finally, there is no certain way to tell which direction to parry, so to consistently parry you either need very quick reaction time, or to bait out combos from enemies and memorize what direction each attack heads (which of course doesn’t work well on human players).A list of things that aren’t in the game that I think should be:A way to tell how much health/armor an enemy has. Just enough to tell “hey this enemy is going to be difficult”, or “this enemy will literally die in three hits”.A mini-map or compass. Also, area boundaries on the map would be neat.A warning to tell if you are headed down a path leading out of the area.Some way to tell where an altar is.A proper pause when in offline mode.When online, to not need to connect to the servers after quitting a game to exit to windows."
76561198080827995,Recommended,473690,34599249,Posted: 29 August,all,Lord Shimettakage,"I absolutely love this game.If you're like myself who has a deep love of Martial Arts movies, or even just reliving fond moments from some anime where the protagonist does a somersault into a head crushing heel kick, then trust me - you will love this game too.But as much as I do love it, I will admit that so far, that is all there is to it right now. People who are actively looking for a fluid experience will not find it here YET. The game has so much potential but there are a few flaws that I personally believe a few updates will fix.Nevertheless, here are my pros and cons:+Gameplay is unique and engaging+Combat decks are fun to customize+Fights are both difficult, yet rewarding+Art style and graphics are beautiful+Music in this game is light, yet great for setting the mood+Encounters are designed to be seamless, and really do make for interesting personal experiences-The story is practically non-existent-OCE Servers have yet to be implemented, making the seamless experience not so seamless for me and others alike. If that's the case, head to the main menu > options > online mode [OFF]***EDIT: Nevermind:https://twitter.com/sloclap/status/903019011306291201-The learning curve can be quite steep, if you can't pick it up, then you won't like it at all-Targeting system still needs a bit of workI'll probably update this review as it goes on, but at the price it's at - I can definitely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,473690,35003307,Posted: 16 September,all,lazydirt,"It is a fun game to play. A lot of possibilities with different combos and styles need to be mastered to really be a master of the game, which is a challenge. The game play is great, but a problem that ruins the game experience is the connectivity issue. I am rarly able to finish a Combat Trial without having the opponent or myself disconnect from the fight. The story mode part of it can be played offline, but the larger part of the game, which I am made to believe is the pvp section, is far from enjoyable due to this issue. The graphics are quite nice and the art style is also quite interesting. But like I said, the connectivity issue just ruins the game play. Perhaps one day when the issue is resolved, Absolver will be a game worth buying. Until that day, however, I do not recommend buying this game. But I will keep on playing this game until I find some fix with the connection issue."
,Not Recommended,473690,34676456,Posted: 1 September,all,Williams,"Just like For Honor, great combat and gameplay but holy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥servers"
,Recommended,473690,34998266,Posted: 16 September,all,cj,personal GOTY
76561198135024620,Recommended,473690,35010558,Posted: 16 September,all,Church,"This game has some AMAZING combat. I've played a few fighting games in the past, but this has to be my favorite. Every fight makes you feel like a badass even when you lose. You'll be fighting with an enemy in a 1v1, both of you trading blows with each other slowly learning each others combat decks until you can predict slightly what they're about to do and either; parry, windfall, or absorb the next attack and come in with a counter. This game makes you think quickly about whats going to happen next, are they going to do a low kick into a straight jab to your face? Maybe a heavy attack that goes into a quick jab. This game keeps you on your toes during each fight and it feels amazing.But, like some games there are always problems. currently in 1.05 (i think thats the version we're in currently?) there are some lag issues and some hackers; however, they're pretty rare to find in my opinion. I've played 40 hours and haven't seen a hacker that I could instantly recognize as a hacker.Anyhow this game is amazing and you should at least try it out"
,Not Recommended,473690,34944574,Posted: 14 September,all,Huron,"I love this game. Don't recommend it just yet. I don't regret the purchace, but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't a bugfest in its current state.There are good things. The design is beautiful. Atmosphere is great. I like how the combat deck is set up. But the bugs make it literally unplayable at times, like when an entire area is devoid of NPCs for no particular reason.I really hope Sloclap is able to fix the most glaring issues, and I look forward to what they'll produce in the future, but for the time being, hold off on buying."
,Recommended,473690,35020393,Posted: 17 September,all,MrPsychedelic™,"this game is punishing but rewarding, and a lot of fun in pvp."
76561198036390924,Recommended,473690,35014524,Posted: 16 September,all,PanzerSoul,While the PvE content is limited at the moment (devs will continue to add content) the PvP has potentially limitless content as you keep improving your skills and tweaking your deck.
76561198050254079,Recommended,473690,35019587,Posted: 17 September,all,chihuahua011,"This game is absolutely amaze me except one tiny little problem. Why are we allowed to use powers in pvp? I get it why are there powers in pve but in pvp? I'm trying to fight without the heals and stuff because that's the point in this. Who's the better fighter? And then when I almost got them they use the heal. I think it's unfair and annoying. Except this I'm in love with this game. Definetly worth a try!!Also I don't understand why people are whinging about that the game doesn't tell you what to do? If one wasn't grown up on COD with the in your face type of games then this should be no problem at all. Just wander around and LEARN the game as you learn the moves in it.So yeah do not wait for the game to tell you where to go or what to do, so if you don't like the sound of that this is not your type of game."
,Not Recommended,473690,35022076,Posted: 17 September,all,help.,"Fix your freaking servers!!!! It's been three weeks since release, and I still can't play online consistently. What the ♥♥♥♥ dude. If I could I'd return this game, this is ridiculous."
,Recommended,473690,34723590,Posted: 3 September,all,WhiteBones,"ATTENTION: IGNORE ALL NEGATIVE REVIEWS TO DO WITH SERVERS AND PERFORMANCEThis game had just recently launched and did not expect the sheer quantity of players it had recieved. More servers and servers in different locations around the world are still rolling out, be patient. There are a few bugs which are to be expected from a completely new type of game. chill fams.THE REVIEW: When it comes to actual gameplay, absolver is a solid, solid PVP FOCUSSED FIGHTING GAME, something those who leave negative reviews about a lack of PVE content do not understand. If you do not like hardcore, deep pvp, you will not enjoy this game, THIS IS NOT DARK SOULS, despite the many, inaccurate comparisons.When you enter the world of absolver, you are in control of a starter character, eqipped with a heal spell, a basic move deck, a special ability, and some starting armor. The PVE content of the game is meant to teach you the controls, as well as give you some levels, moves and equipement to start PVP with. Other players will be present, along with npcs in your world provided you are connected to the internet, of which you may befriend, or fight. Moves are learned through blocking, dodging or using your special ability on said move, as another character, npc or player, attacks you with it. Armor and other equipment is found in loot staches hidden around the PVE world, as well as from fallen npc characters and bosses. lastly, spells, which apply buffs, or debuffs to you or your opponent are gained upon defeating boss characters.Character customization in absolver nears endless posibilites, I am still unsure of how exactly the loot system works, but it seems you can find the same pieces of armor in different states of decay, colors, weight, and stats. Combat decks are fully customizable, each of the many moves starting in in either the 2 forward facing stances or 2 backward facing stances (left or right) and ending in one of the 4 stances, flipping depending on which side the move started on,ex) if you start your front right combo with a roundhouse kick that finishes in the back left, starting your front left combo with the same kick would leave you in the back right stance.Combos are mixed up with an alternate attack, which can be activated at any time durring your combo with your alternate attack button (ps cont: triange, xbox cont: ""Y""), these alternate attacks will reposition you to whichever stance they finish in, allowing you to easily switch between and mix up combos. combining this with the use of feints, blocking, special abilities, spells and weapons, makes for a nearly endlessly deep combat system, which differs greatly from other fighting games which are most likely 2 dimentional, and have characters with preset moves, combos, stats, and abilities.Weapons are another interesting feature which can further spice up combat, in the PVE world, players are able to find weapons on the ground, or take them from npcs which spawn with them or pick them up of the ground before you. Like with armor, Swords and ""war gloves"" can be found and equipped to your character as a spell, and can be summoned using shards (mana) that is gained through dealing and taking damage. ""War gloves"" are armored gloves which increase the damage of hand based attacks, such as punches, and as such, you may use any of your empty handed moves to make your ""war glove' deck. Swords are a different beast, they are equipped in your right hand, and have their own unique moves to learn. Empty-handed moves can be used in your sword deck, however it is best to learn as many sword moves as possible to maximize use out of said sword.Each move has damage scaling with either, strength, dexterity, or mobility, the first 2 are improved with stat investment, the latter by wearing lighter armor. the scalings of each move COMBINE into an overall deck scaling. once you have a deck you are happy with, look at the overall scaling of the deck, and build your character around that, not the individual moves, something I discovered a little bit late.Many for-honor-like and souls-like labels have been unfairly attached to this game, neither come close. Absolver is entirely new, aside from the souls-esque open world and bonfire like ""altar"" checkpoint sytem (which is very good). As long as the developers stay attentive, and add more content targeted towards longevity, such as a ranked pvp system, and a single player, or coop dungeon, the mechanics of absolver are solid enough to keep it alive and well for countless years to come. If you like fighting games, PVP, character customization, and the satisfying ""THWACK"" sounds that come from beating someone senseless, this game is a NECESSARY BUY."
,Recommended,473690,34598216,Posted: 29 August,all,Filosofem™,"git gud／ﾌﾌ ▔▔▔▔▔▔▔ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　　　　　　　 　）ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡ﾉ"
,Not Recommended,473690,35014500,Posted: 16 September,all,cbl.Owlbear,"i give it a 2 out of 10 Absolver is a extremeley short and  broken game. Feels really buggy especialy with the combat deck.This game started out good, but the more i play it the more i dont like it, my main issue with the game is  that it has moves you string together for a 3 hit combo each move have stats like how far it  reaches how fast you swing it and how much damage it does the problem is that even if you pick a move that has max speed and some one has a move with a lower speed 80% the time the slower move will  hit first it makes no sense. Also their is a dodge button in the game but some of the moves are actuely heat seaking missles for instance their is a high kick and a few low spin kicks that if you try to dodge even if you  do it right they will ignore that you dodged and stretch the attacking charecters leg and foot like they are Dr. Strange from the fantastic 4 and hit you any way.Also the lag sucks some times.I really wanted to like this game but  most of the moves seem broken if the game is on sale pick it up other wise i would avoid"
,Recommended,473690,35037953,Posted: 17 September,all,Auto Name,"The combat system is very well done and quite unique. You can spend many hours just building your own unique combat style alone. Fighting feels fluid (switching targets can be a pain) The art style is fantastic, and the music is interesting.However, the game needs to be expanded. There just isnt much content. You can beat it in about 10-15 hours first playthrough and after that its just PvP or running around the same areas over and over ganking and helping other players.There are also a fair bit of bugs. For instance my computer crashed after about 20 hours of playthrough and somehow my save got wiped. I remember crashing at least once for no reason too.Im only recommending this game because the core gameplay elements were done very well, its unique and doesnt carry a full price tag. Hopefully devs add more and fix some of the bugs, otherwise this game will probably be dead within a year."
76561198115339497,Recommended,473690,35037340,Posted: 17 September,all,moneyman3412,"This is the best fighting game ever. The fact that they have multiple fighting styles, not able to scream in game, awesome graphics makes this game worth it. The only problem is the fps and crashes but the developer's will probably fix that soon."
,Recommended,473690,35079662,Posted: 20 September,all,Sir Leo,It's like For honors big bro and Dark Souls had a godlike babyAnd I barely played it at the point of writing this review
76561198013491996,Not Recommended,473690,35138590,Posted: 22 September,all,Junostyles,"This game would be great if it wasnt for the constant bugs and game lag. One of the worst ideas was the timing chain for attacks that makes the game barely playable to someone who can just chain attacks and time perfectly with this stupid invention. Basicly no matter how fast your attack is, if they start chaining you have now reaction time. People will just say but you just block or dodge, you cant, block wears on your stamina and if someone is chaining the entire time then your stamina drains. you cant move or attack after that or block because that is all based on stamina. Forsaken has to be the cheapest style you can be due to the fact that you will be right 50% of the time in what you block with no moves that ca break it. No one plays Kahlt and windfall gets owned by Forsaken. Do yourself a favor and spend that 20 on something worth it. I wanted to like this game, I liked the idea, hell I like the style of it but its unfinished trash."
,Not Recommended,473690,35247219,Posted: 27 September,all,Aldri Ond,"Only being 10 hours into the actual game, I've spent at least double the time searching the web for tips and tricks, and about a dozen hours into figuring out how anything even works. This game is not friendly to new players in the slightest.Personally, I LOVE THE GAME. The concept, the artstyle, not to mention the (broken)freeflowing combat system.The ""singleplayer campaign"" was short, maybe even unnecessary, but it was merged smoothly into the sandbox.I love walking around as a nameless fighter, struggling to be the best. I get easily immersed, and seamless encounters with other players tries to fill the otherwise empty feeling the enviorment gives you. You get the opportunity to both team up with, or fight (un)lucky players should they cross your path. There are no communication methods besides simple body language, and there are about 10 different things to express.The PVP is where it's at. Imagine fighting someone you don't know to the death with sick moves straight outta the Matrix. You can choose between SOO many unique moves, and they are going to keep adding more. Just the thought should've made this game a hit, but apparently it's not.When it comes to the PVP combat, there are meta plays. That's the last thing a game built entirely on user defined customization needs. What's makes this system even worse is that new moves are often unlocked by fighting against them, which takes time, something newer players just don't have. I have personally beaten players twice my level when I was at 15, but also lost to players around level 10 when I was in the early 20's. This confuses not just me, but many players.The game left me wanting more, which is both good and bad. It's good in the sense that I will definitely stay updated on its future. It's bad in the sense that it didn't feel like I played a full game to begin with.All in all I will continue to play this game, however probably rarely simply because there's nothing to do for me but PVP at this stage. I don't think I need to explain why when there's a whole paragraph about it an inch further up in the review."
,Recommended,473690,34846834,Posted: 9 September,all,Edelwood,Masks. I like masks.10/10 would absolve filthy casuls from gittin gud again.
76561198049491501,Recommended,473690,34873492,Posted: 10 September,all,RPGhy,Can't wait for 2v2 and more
76561198013939454,Recommended,473690,34874090,Posted: 10 September,all,boarthephoenix,Bottom line this game is good. You are rewarded for skillful play. If  you are smart and adaptive you can play. The NPCs are tough the bosses are tougher. Learning the moves is a bit of a grind but if you compete enough you will learn them and you can always farm. I am lvl 40 and regularly defeat 60+s. This game rewards skill. Enjoy.
76561198046414045,Not Recommended,473690,34610632,Posted: 30 August,all,Fluffy,"Don't buy this game if you don't want to spend 5-6 hours in the singleplayer/co-op mode and the rest playing 1v1's where people cheese and try throwing you off cliffs. If I knew the world was this small, I would've not bought this game."
,Not Recommended,473690,35024466,Posted: 17 September,all,SneakyTeacup,"I really want to recomend this game, the combat is really interesting and it only feels like I'm scratching the surface.But the entire game is just riddled with game breaking glitches and lag.Multiple times in the open world I've come across enemies that can't take any damage, minibosses that spawn in multiple instances. (Fighting 3 of the same miniboss is just absurdly difficult.) and I've had minibosses respawn midway through a fight, with all of their henchmen.The VS mode is just downright unplayable at the minute. Random disconnects, people who appear to be one pace on your screen but are actually behind you so it's like you're taking damage from an invisible opponent. And I'm not sure if this is just something I don't understand how to counter, but it seems to be very easy to spam light attacks and catch someone in an unbreakable combo.The art direction is beautiful, the combat is engaging and the way you unlock new moves to add to your deck is inspired.But it doesn't mean anything when you can't actually play the game because ai enemies can't die and laggy opponents completely ruin online.Shame."
,Recommended,473690,34594357,Posted: 29 August,all,Asato of Vinheim,"Pros:- good PvP experience (too lazy too call all the points that cause it)- beautiful world and level design> beautiful artstyle- the lore and story seem to be quite interesting- everyhing about your character is customizable- interactions with other players are directly integraded into the PvE, simular to games like Dark Souls or Journey- the devs will constantly work on improving their game and delivering new contentCons:- PvE can be frustrating to annoying at times (and with ""at times"" I mean it mostly IS). Enemies nearly always engage you in groups and follow mechanics that make the fight massively more difficult for the player, like running away to their original location and regaining most of their health once the player backpaddels a little- Servers were sometimes laggy and had huge downtimes at launch- at time of writing the game is still plagued by bugs, of wich most are minor ones though"
76561198046046722,Not Recommended,473690,35126366,Posted: 22 September,all,Barry Chuckle,Would be a great game if you could actually play it without any lag. Sucks balls currently.
76561198063388018,Recommended,473690,34726425,Posted: 3 September,all,Salty Sis' 4U,"Great game, development underway. Should've stated as much, Devs.Even so, it's harsh to rate the game badly as-is."
76561198011028071,Recommended,473690,34735832,Posted: 4 September,all,KilgoreTrout,Lots of depth in the pvp and deck building. Can't wait for new content!
76561198068492994,Recommended,473690,34786638,Posted: 6 September,all,[TSL] Mr. Anengyst,Very great game and enjoyable combat physics easy to learn but hard to master
,Recommended,473690,34724968,Posted: 3 September,all,Sriracha Rooster Sauce,9/10
76561197993275712,Not Recommended,473690,34852647,Posted: 9 September,all,angrytrex,"The concept is really good, but the execution is bad.  There's not much more I can say beyond that.  I'de buy it only if it was on sale if I were you.There's a few problems if you are a keyboard and mouse user with keybinding, but the biggest problem I ran into is that it just seemed a bit boring to me.  I would log on, play a match or two, and then log off as the pvp just didn't hold my attention or engage me."
,Not Recommended,473690,35179807,Posted: 24 September,all,WildStyle*,"Really good idea, REALLY poor execution. The fighting is the only good part about it, However with the navigation IG being second to none, you will be struggling to even do that. I am a fairly decent when it comes to navigating in game maps, but this? It has a general shape of the map and then about 3 levels of it, couple of boss dots around the map and indication where Youare...So?Off you go, no map till the next checkpoint. Running around and fighting random NPC's is all fun and all, but I want to fight the boss. You see this checkpoint!?!?? The boss is right there?!!? Where?!!? I don't know I'm so close to the dot, but no idea where I need to go!!!It has nice RPG elements and you build your character from the ground up in depth. Each moves is different and does various things and leads to various stances which you need to incorporate into your build in order to defeat your opponents. It is not easy and you will spend a lot of time on it as you level up gain experience and unlock new moves by fighting opponents and learning their moves from defending against them and WINNING. It's all about Winning! Or so the game tells you.The game is not easy, however comparing navigation VS boss fight which are fairly hard the navigation is some NEXT level♥♥♥♥♥♥ I found that the navigation is the harder part of the game. Boss fight might be hard, but give it 5-10 minutes and you will be done as you will conveniently spawn on a checkpoint near by, provided you remember where the boss was. Granted they tend to be near those spots, however not always so obvious.Overall I'd say try the game on sale. And if they change the navigation IG I might just have to recommend this, but until then I was bored ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ waiting for me to accidentally stumble upon an boss. You know kinda takes away from the whole fighting game thing, when you are navigating for the most part, Which is hard when you don't have a map or any sense of direction, due to the design of the map.Note: There are some bugs, lag in the game and I did fall trough the map once (Need to quit game and go back in to get yourself out of that situation.). Like, I got nothing on this. Every game is like that these days..."
,Recommended,473690,34633629,Posted: 31 August,all,Etrius,"Very fun game. Good art sytle, Good fighting combat, pleanty of moves to lear, PvE and PvP, and winning a fight vs another players is sooooo satisfying but hard!The few bad things i would like to mention are, One the level design and map lay out are very cryptic and some will be frustrated by it. Another would be the sound effects design, its a little lack luster but the music is pretty good! And this one is only bad if you wanted this game for the PvE, its pretty short but thats only for now, they have a huge PvE content patch planned but its like 6 months out i heard.All in all right now i would put this game at a 7/10, if they fix a few things and add that PvE patch down the road i would easily give this game a 8 or 9/10."
76561197993672933,Recommended,473690,34633598,Posted: 31 August,all,Nogaxeh,"Great game with lots of potential. Australian player here, day two of release. Firstly, their oversight on not implementing servers for us from launch was borderline criminal. Thankfully they rectified the situation and here we are with our own servers.Unfortunately the servers currently are still hit and miss. Playing at the moment is really sketchy to whether you will get a good connection or an outright terrible one. There isn't much inbetween.However, I have no mixed feelings about this though. The game is great. Will it last without better connection to other players? Definitely not. I hope they get it sorted out soon. It really does need it, although, new content going into the future will still be a pleasure to play. The AI ranges from sneeze and they collapse to ""did anyone get the name of that truck.""The interactions I had tonight in the times it was running smooth were very cool. The jolly cooperation is unique in that you could accidentally kill the person you are trying to help. You can never quite be sure if that person running up and throwing roundhouses is there to help, hinder, or maybe they are just lagging... regardless...This game is fun. If you are looking for a really intense fighting game where *you* the player creates the fighter. This is it. Knowing which moves you put into your deck, and how to drag them out exactly when you need them is just downright fantastic, and creates something way more personal than your typical fighting game.Learning your opponent and lining up your sweep or jump kicks just as they are throwing that high kick or trying to crack your ankles is just a wow moment when you both miss and need to readjust.I'll try to remember to update this review if and when they fix the servers.Absolver! Good Stuff!"
76561198035793065,Recommended,473690,34662736,Posted: 1 September,all,Strelok,It's good.It's really good.
,Not Recommended,473690,34705510,Posted: 3 September,all,Ein,"Online is nothing but a spam fest. Complete unbalanced garbage with incredibly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ server issues. Maybe worth $15 for the cool idea, but definitely not $30."
,Not Recommended,473690,34908901,Posted: 12 September,all,"sk8 fast, eat ass","I love the game but, I myself cant get into it, the learning curve is large and higher leveled players can stay around the area you spawn and keep killing you. It's just too much of a curve for me to get into."
,Recommended,473690,34651015,Posted: 31 August,all,Venom Snakelol,servers are still downgood game/10 tbh
76561198044023118,Recommended,473690,34624444,Posted: 30 August,all,Saber[X],Kyenmaushipopo~
,Recommended,473690,35182326,Posted: 24 September,all,k-munnyDolla,"like dark souls, but not dark souls"
,Recommended,473690,34591327,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr. Stimpson,"Absolver is the perfect game for anyone that has ever wanted to create their own fighting style in a fighting game. With over 150 different moves, stat allocation, the ability to use a weapon or two, skills, and the ability to make the character look any way you want within the bounds of the item system, this game will give you hours of enjoyment just from character tweeking alone. Seriously, changing out each different move in your various chains just to see how they flow in your custom combos is very rewarding when you find that custom combo that fits perfectly with your play style and what you've going on already.Then there's the styles. There are three to start with, and one you can unlock while fighting against a certain NPC. Styles dictate your stat scaling, fighting stance and defensive ability. There's an chinese kung fu style with an evade dodge defensive ability that focuses on DEX, a Brute Force/Muay Thai style with an absorb defensive ability that focuses on STR, and a kick boxing stance with a parry defensive ability that's a middle ground I believe. As you play you can unlock more, so you're not locked into one forever, just from the get-go.Then you have the move collecting system. You start with only a handful of moves, then as you move through the open-world (somewhat like a Dark Souls-like open-world) you run into either other players (optional if you keep online mode on, which you can turn off) or NPC fighters. If you defend against a move that you haven't learned before, and XP gauge will fill (a little if blocked, a decent amount if you've used your styles defencive ability). When you defeat that opponent, you keep your move XP. If the gauge was filled in combat, you unlock that move to keep forever. All moves can be used by all styles, but some scale with different stats.As for the MP, the game is region locked I believe and there's some rubberbanding here and there. But when you're in the random 1v1 mode, things run very smoothly (for me anyways). Outside of that I can't say much about MP because I haven't played a lot of it.All in all I believe this game is really good. The developers seem to be really passionate about the project and have stated that they plan on releasing more content down the road such as new styles, skills, moves, and game modes. Try it out for yourself. But it's better to go into the game thinking it's a fighting game with a move collector/character customization system, than a full blown single/coop game."
76561197989551885,Not Recommended,473690,34750855,Posted: 4 September,all,Beelzebub,"i love this game , but the servers are always down. and all the good stuff is online..."
,Not Recommended,473690,34602310,Posted: 30 August,all,Dash,"This games a no for me until server issues are resolved. Was looking for a better option to for honor as a fighting game with decent connections, little did I know multiplayer would be unplayable for me in Australia. If I get news that oceanic servers are coming I may change my review."
,Not Recommended,473690,34602346,Posted: 30 August,all,Sk3let0n,"WOW the LAG, the♥♥♥♥♥♥content, I have no idea what im doing and the combat makes no sense. GG"
,Recommended,473690,34596424,Posted: 29 August,all,john from ts,havent had any bugs yet
,Recommended,473690,34641281,Posted: 31 August,all,Money Hustard,"Great game just needs more content aka bosses, maps, items, trading or scrapping all these duplicate items.hopefully 2v2's soon they already said they are releasing 3v3's"
76561198127301116,Not Recommended,473690,34641002,Posted: 31 August,all,Peanut,"So i love the art and everything, love the combat when its vs AI. But then there is thing thing called combat trial where there is people that just mash attack soo.... what is there to do? well, ♥♥♥♥ing block until you lose."
76561197964028658,Recommended,473690,34589105,Posted: 29 August,all,Moral Dilemma,yup
76561197991311425,Recommended,473690,34696212,Posted: 2 September,all,Orange doc McLovin Ponyta Cox,"If dark souls and for honor had a baby it would be absolver.Then for honor would abandon his child cause he's just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that way so absolver grew up to become his own thing.Then some day he found for honor and kicked his♥♥♥♥♥Seriously, if you like fighting games even just a little go for it. And if you are afraid of people being better than you, just go offline and enjoy the scenic views."
76561198045211978,Recommended,473690,34722523,Posted: 3 September,all,ChiefProphet,Like Pokemon meets Martial Arts moves. Gatta learn'um all!Find wild martial arts moves in the tall grass(anyware) beat them up then catch them to add to your combat deck(usable moves list).After that you can be a Gym Leader(Mentor) and teach your skills to other players and they get to use your combat deck if they join!Do 1v1 matches to be the best like no one ever was.
,Recommended,473690,35091560,Posted: 20 September,all,Jacksking,"Absolver has been out for a little less than a month and I've been playing it as much as I can. I wasn't able to play just after release but in the past week or so I've been playing pretty solidly, so understand that my review is written from the perspective of someone who has been playing since about patch 1.04.Overall, yes this game is decent, hell even great in some regards. The fighting is solid, very much what you would expect from a game centered around martial arts and melee and the soundtrack is also quite nice if that's your cup of tea. I also would like to give a shout out to the devs for being quick to respond to community feedback and also issues that rise up have been promptly fixed IMO and they are constantly trying to balance playablity with fairness so those older reviews that say ""XX fighting style is broken"" shouldn't be taken as 100% accurate anymore due to the gameplay/balance changes recently introduced.On that same train though, there are times where you will encounter game breaking bugs, again the devs have addressed and fixed a lot of these; even one that I personally experienced with losing abilities got patched after only 4-5 days of the issue.A common complaint that I will echo though is inventory management, you get ""outfits/clothes"" that give different stats and there are multiple items that will only change the color for instance or slightly altered stats, and that leads to a very cluttered inventory screen that you have to navigate through in the late game which is annoying at best and a waste of time. I do believe the devs said that they are working on a streamlined inventory system though so it should get resolved in the future.Bottom line is this, if you want a fighting game that does fighting well then give this a look and read more reviews and absolutely watch some Youtube videos to really cement your decision, don't just take my word for it."
,Recommended,473690,35450284,Posted: 3 October,all,Unstoppabro,"Great combat and multiplayer. Servers are wonky at times and the Singleplayer content is lacking, but overall a terrific fighting game"
,Recommended,473690,35069793,Posted: 19 September,all,Id,"For fighting game fans, this game is a must buy. I think it is an extremely interesting take on the traditional fighting game, its the closest weve gotten to a martial arts action RPG and I think it serves its purpose well enough given the price and size of the dev team. It is a bit of a drag to grind once you've beaten the main story which only takes about 4-5 hours, but the online 1v1 duels are the main meat of the game. Although there isnt an expansive amount of unlocks for you to strive for, there is enough to give you incentive. That being said if you arent the person who likes competition and you dont find happiness in improving your skills then this game isnt for you."
76561198003864441,Recommended,473690,35210648,Posted: 25 September,all,PrinceOfThule,Bow - Jab Punch - Cross Punch - Lowkick - Block - Evade -Body Blow - Curled Uppercut - Absorb - Fast Elbow - Fast Punch - Evade - Block - Evade - Heal - Jab Punch - Cross Punch - Jumping Elbow - Evade - Charged Haymaker - Victory Jump - Revive Enemy - Bow
,Recommended,473690,35212474,Posted: 25 September,all,Falkner,Amazing game the motion is so fluid and its an incredible feeling to dodge an attack and counter it immediatly after this game is if jackie chan and bruce lee had a baby pick it up as soon as you can. However i lost my player file so im looking to  play through it again
76561198386764802,Recommended,473690,35071390,Posted: 19 September,all,Lonewolf,Loving this game!Very fun and addicted to It.
,Recommended,473690,34765542,Posted: 5 September,all,Chunky yet Funky,imagine if dark souls was for honor but it was tekken instead
76561198305942428,Recommended,473690,34764645,Posted: 5 September,all,mob370,"fun game, too bad that it wasnt very long, but very addicting combat system"
,Recommended,473690,34765994,Posted: 5 September,all,Ezzy,a hit
76561198005265358,Recommended,473690,34811613,Posted: 8 September,all,FailSafe,"Most of the grievances are due to:1. Server instability2. Region Locks3. Short Story4. PvP centric gameServers, the server stabilty has gotten better, you can connect and play with friends, do some online pvp but there are still issues that spring up. Disconnects don't happen as often, and you do get some rubberbanding occasionally. I can tell the staff is working hard to fix the issue and I am confident they will soon.Region locks are going to stay as far as I know.Short Story, yes it's a very short story. But alot of the fun in the game comes from the gameplay, the combat, refining your deck of moves, and mastering your craft against npcs and players. What at first seems completely out of your ability to control, later with a greater understanding of the nuances of the combat system reveals you can control alot more than you realize. So if you play games because you enjoy the gameplay, this game will keep you very busy. I've logged a decent amount of time well beyond what it takes to complete the story and I keep going back because it's fun and there is still alot to learn and master.Beyond this, the staff does plan on expanding the amount of Absolver content in the near future.PvP Centric game, because this is a pvp centric game there will always be alot of complaints and mixed reviews due to the nature of the PvP genre. It's difficult to satisfy a community centered around PvP, where most people just aren't able to compete or can't invest the time needed or won't invest the time needed in order to master the game. Few people can admit they just aren't good at something and chalk it up to the game, saying it's a bad design, or it requires no skill,  or it's just button mashing. But the truth is, they just couldn't compete and got tired of losing and didn't want to invest the time required in order to get better. You are going to die alot, you are going to lose alot, not everyone is honorable in their victories, or their defeats, sometimes they like to rub it in your face. That's just how people are, learn, grow,  adapt, and keep at it and you'll do better.Overall I'd recommend this game for those of you who can not only see the potential this game represents, but also who enjoy pvp, who enjoy a good combat system, and those who want to truly master the game because you enjoy it. You will need to learn to weather defeat and grow stronger because of it. For those of you who don't have the patience or desire to do so, I would say move on to something else."
,Recommended,473690,34696408,Posted: 2 September,all,Ra-Ra-Ra-Roast-ED,12/10 wud♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198038339543,Recommended,473690,35444957,Posted: 3 October,all,Deida,"Had a bad day at work? This is a good game to let of some ""steam"" (see what i did there? ;))"
76561197994539026,Recommended,473690,35070139,Posted: 19 September,all,FordieBoar,"I think this game is great, although not alot of content yet and the endgame is just pvp brawls, But I like The style, remind me of back in the day playing in the arcades"
76561198367635576,Recommended,473690,34666558,Posted: 1 September,all,my nama jeff,who can stunlock faster simulator 2017
,Recommended,473690,35479186,Posted: 4 October,all,Arathann,"Overall, the game is absolutely amazing! Gorgeous landscapes and areas and great art style! The fighting mechanics are unique and interesting to work with as well as visually pleasing, although the game isn't perfect and there's a lot of things missing from it (In my opinion) but it's worth it for the price and considering that most games are at a way higher price point, it's worth it for sure. Also, even after all the hours i've put into it I still find it quite enjoyable and with the PvP aspect implemented into the game there are a lot of surprises and unique fight decks that players build. This game has tons of potential for growth and i'm very excited to see whats next and the general future of the game.Some things that I think would improve the game would be more areas to explore and a more in-depth story mode about what happened in the past and the general lore of the game, which so far is really quite interesting and creative. Another thing that would be great would be great is more ""end-game"" content as well as a longer story mode and more bosses to defeat. Additionally, the fighting is great and all but when it comes to fighting multiple A.I. it's nearly impossible alone. The A.I. just corner you and it turns into a ""bully beat down"" ( pat yourself on the back if you get the reference).I would also love to see more clothing options or maybe even a way to re-color your armor as well as a bigger variety of armor and weapons. Another issue that I have with the game is that I rarely come accross people who have hacks such as infinite stamina, infinite health, and infinite shards. This will definitely need to be addressed in the future as there will be more and more cheaters and we don't want that.Another issue i would like to mention is that the ""Stagger"" fighting style can be really annoying to fightl against because they strike way too quickly with the stamina bar and if they max their stamina they can block a ton of hits. Another annoying move is the spinning punch that deals way too much damage and if combined with the stamina boost it's almost unpredictable allowing them to get ""cheap"" hits on you.TL;DRIt's cheap, its fun, it's entertaining and can provide hours of entertainment. What else do you want?!"
76561198155831189,Recommended,473690,35506432,Posted: 5 October,all,Ekayy :),"This game's connection issues has improved and not only that, its a fun, skill based game. Even if you play on the keyboard like I do it wasn't that much harder to grasp the controls. Most of the dislikes are often about the story in this game being too short, however through time most likely Sloclap will add more to this game. It's a matter of patience I guess, but even then the PvP is really fun! It feels so nice being able to parry, dodge and hit your attacks on someone as well as baiting out someones parry. Overall so far I like what Sloclap has done with this game and I would recommend this game to anyone who is curious about this game."
76561198036559722,Recommended,473690,35229806,Posted: 26 September,all,SerHoneyBadger,Most issues the game has on launch are fixed. i never met a single hacker to my knowledge in this game.I find the negative reviews this game has to be silly some people saying this is a spam game. ITS A FIGHTING GAME WHAT DO YOU EXPECT??Though it is true this game favors some moves over others if you know how to use what works best for you you will wrap up a good win/loss ratio. after a good 25 hours of play i can safely say that you will have fun if you like pvp duels.The base game however kinda sucks the cracks really start to show when you fight large groups of enemies. the meat of the game lies in the pvp.
76561198031076968,Recommended,473690,35231287,Posted: 26 September,all,Stavros,Game works fine for me with very avarage iternet speed and pc. The game itself is very nice and I recomend it if you like martial arts. Some interesting moves and lore in the game.
,Recommended,473690,35356624,Posted: 30 September,all,shep,"don't listen to the complaining about controls, always try before you judge"
76561198173729578,Recommended,473690,35352166,Posted: 30 September,all,Crezarak,This is a great game and i highley recomend giving the game a try and i do not regret buying it.
76561198066381232,Recommended,473690,35190945,Posted: 24 September,all,Sir Spoderman,"Kinda like Darksouls meets For Honor-ish?You have little or no tutorial at all- or a real Map- which is kind of interesting since you start to go on your own, explore the world etc. but for real we are here for the fighting right?Its easy to learn, very hard to master. I guess, havent made it to the master part yet.First, you gotta understand how the ""combos"" work. Or that there arent real combos, more like a flow you create in your Move-Creator Tool (or whatever its called). The goal is to get a fluent Fighting Style, which isnt easy to achieve.It took me 2 Hours to understand what i gotta do, and 20 More to create something i can really fight with.Then I need to understand how I use my fancy new Set of Moves, and my ""Class ability"" (just watch the trailer its explained there I guess).Overall after 7 hours at this time, I am starting to know what I am doing, and it is really satisfying to smack the sh*t out of your opponent.But I mentioned Dark Souls didnt I?Thats because of all the Rage Quitting and suicidal thougths and stuff you experience during the Game.I HATE that I usually have no F****** Idea where Im suppose to goI HATE that the NPC opponent usually brings 3 Friends and whoops my a**.and also its just like Darksouls when you keep dying against a certain boss or something.Overall :I love the innovation; so many aspects which have never appeared in a game before, like the mentor system or that you ""steal"" the moves of the enemy by blocking his attacks and learning them.Fighting feels great, the world looks so calm and is very entertaining to walk through, and holy hell i want become bruce lee or somthing like that (at least ingame).Its not a game you learn in 1 hour, maybe not 10 maybe not 100 but it is so satisfying to get better and better once you understand the game. so bring patience or dont buy it"
76561198302445111,Recommended,473690,35233170,Posted: 26 September,all,.Octorad,"If there is one game that I hate to love right now, it's Absolver.THE PROS:The mechanics flow so smoothly.Fights are intense and satisfying.Deck building allows for insane mix-ups.The world is gorgeous.The soundtrack is minimal, but fitting for the game's style.Boss fights are well made and challenging.THE CONS:The world is empty and quite small.(This may change later, however I was very dissappointed when I discovered I had visited every major area within the first 3 hours.)Be prepared to get♥♥♥♥♥blasted. The AI aren't stupid and they're abundant. 3v1s and 4v1s aren't uncommon and they are terribly frustrating.There is very little guidance for new players. Lack of an in-depth mini-map and fast travel seems like a necessity in Absolver, but that could just be me.Repeating Loot. You'll acquire lots of duplicates of items, and without a trade-up system there's not much to do but keep it.THE CONCLUSION:An engaging and intense fighter, Absolver is one of my favorite games. But it's not without it's faults. Personally I think it's on the expensive side, but I respect the amount of work that goes into a game as deeply mechanical as this one. There's something really unique in this game, you just have to look hard to find it."
,Recommended,473690,35233816,Posted: 26 September,all,ArkhanLK,"This game is very challenging. I strongly recommendo for those who liked the Souls series and the fights of For Honor. However, the game is very short, grindy and there isn't much to do besides fight on PvP. Still, this game is amazing and I can't wait for new content!!!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34585014,Posted: 29 August,all,Clam Johnston,"If you're the kind of person who doesn't care about interesting and diverse character design, interesting game worlds, and you are interested in the combat mechanics, wait a week or two before you buy this game because it's a mess right now.If you enjoy interesting characters, enemies, and rich environments and plot, this game will severely disappoint you. It feels like the developers had a good idea for a fighting game, but shoved it into a boring and lifeless open world in a desperate attempt to add some meat to the game. This game will not scratch the Dark Souls itch. Don't get baited into thinking it will by people who compare it to Dark Souls. Dark Souls had passion and creative genius put into its characters, world, and plot. This game did not.The combat mechanics and customizable fighting style is THE only interesting feature of this game.I cannot recommend this game in it's current state. There are a number of technical issues going on with servers and region locking. There are things such as no option to toggle motion blur independently. It is placed in a ""post processing"" umbrella option which affects a bunch of things and the only way to turn motion blur off is to set this to low. People have been complaining about improper support for certain resolutions.Wait a while and see if the devs fix the issues. Until they do, do not expect to get your money's worth out of this game."
76561198018678159,Not Recommended,473690,34596914,Posted: 29 August,all,VII,Sadly i have to write a negitive review.The only reason for this though is simply because of the poor quality in ping for far away players.Game is simply a master piece in its own right but due to having bad ping on games that dont host servers close to australia(im in NZ) i always have poor experiances on games like this.Other than that this is one hell of a game
,Not Recommended,473690,34585115,Posted: 29 August,all,TOOONNAAAA,Super laggy pvps. Kinda unplayable...I don't know which region I'm in... What a disaster!
,Not Recommended,473690,34584228,Posted: 29 August,all,✪ KyleS02 | kickback.com,"Don't buy this game. It just came out today but it is extremely broken. There's a glitch which stop you from being able to attack or block until you die. Also, if you keep on spamming left mouse then your opponent is unable to block or fight back. My advice is to wait until it is developed properly, bugs are fixed and on sale. Also extremely laggy and people start teleporting with hits not registering. Game crashes frequently. DISCLAIMER: INTRO TAKES 2 HOURS TO COMPLETE ANYWAYS SO NO CHANCE OF EXPERIENCING THE GAME BEFORE YOU REFUND IT."
,Not Recommended,473690,34720309,Posted: 3 September,all,Laryakan,"This game is good... If you discredit every PvP elements. And since the game is mostly PvP...First : ATM, the game is mostly unplayable in multiplayer, even with a good connexion. Lag everywhere, the game seems to be some kind of DBZ with teleportation everywhere and hit you dont see. Some bugs here and then, most probably because of servers. Will probably be fixed soon or later.Second : PvE is quite balanced, hard, but balanced (the game scale with your skill and with the amount of players in the zone), but in PvP.... hahahaha (wrong laugh)... It's just SPAMFEST. To win, you just have to equipe the fastest strikes, mostly Windfall and Stagger (f**k this stagger style in PvP). Even without doing ""perfect strike"" (aka, ""strike with the good timing""), once you start a combo, its most likely unstoppablable (the guy against you can't block undefinetely), just remind to backup when you're out of stamina, but ATM, the guy against you is most likely to be very low HP because he tried to dodge or parry (if ""Forsaken"" style), but since you have faster attacks than him, you interrupted him everytime he tried something, even with a parry.I played Forsaken first, only with Forsaken strikes and some Kalht strikes. Without Stagger strikes in my combat deck, I wasn't able to win against another Stagger. Since you have no HUD element to tell you where to parry or dodge, and since the Stagger start a strike somewhere whoch ends elsewhere, you just have to spam until the opponent let a strike pass through his guard.At first sight, the game seems to need some good skill to be played, but it doesn't, because of a sh**t metagame."
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,473690,34625268,Posted: 30 August,all,Destyre,"Huge frame rate issues, latency problems, very dodgy controls when dodging, coincidently and the inability to turn of controllers, so you have to manually take it out or put up with it rumbling even if you prefer the keyboard and mouse.Button bashy too - no fighting game should ever be about button bashing.My main issue is when fighting more than one opponent - the targetting is horrible. You'll find your idiot character jumping closer to the enemy when you want to dodge away, or the targetting switching to another npc mid way through a combo. Just ruins it really. That and the unskippable cutscenes and dialogue. C'mon, you know you want to sit there watching your character slowly walk up down a road.I read people asking whether this will usurp For Honor - even in For Honor's horribly broken and unbalanced state, it's still infinitely more playable than this crap.There is something good about this game: the developer is called ""Sloclap"" You know: Slow Clap. This game is definitly a slow clap kind of experience."
,Not Recommended,473690,35047656,Posted: 18 September,all,Simple Pete,"!!! THIS GAME IS A TECH DEMO - DON'T PAY MORE THAN $3.50 USD FOR THIS """"PRODUCT"""" !!!Few points to make:1. Absolver's netcode is so bad that they purposely dont allow players to check their ping or to filter whom they're matched with (probably so the players dont realise that they've foregone regional servers for peer-to-peer $$$ savings).2. The singleplayer 'campaign' (Its actually more of a tech demo) takes just enough time to complete (4ish hours) so that you cant refund xdddd.3. The gronks in question, Sloclap, managed to slither their way through Valve's remarkably low game standards and masquerade their early access tech demo as a full featured product.4. Developers overtly mention, after release, that the sole purpose of the PvE map is as a lobby for their PvP content (of which, only 1v1 duels are avaliable) - and that apart from tweaking cosmetics and adding the odd new AI that they won't be further addressing the widespread networking issues."
,Not Recommended,473690,34593704,Posted: 29 August,all,Ovicior,"Honestly not worth $30. Maybe like $10. $15 at best. The game is pretty shallow other than the combat system, and I have no desire to spend that much money on a game where the only thing you can do is fight AI/other players. Buy the Witcher instead."
76561198161515138,Not Recommended,473690,34685575,Posted: 2 September,all,BOOM_MUFFIN,"Do you want a game that feels like a bit like Dark Souls with the ""skill-based"" gameplay of games like For Honor, with the added benefit of latency issues on par with(if not exceeding) the later? Then this is for you! An inovative new concept in PVP is character teleportation, along with fan favorites such as rubber banding! Both of which leaves all your would-be hits, dodges and blocks null and void! Come on out and try this all new, infuriatingly innovative game tomorrow(or whenever they fix these #!(%ing latency issues)!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34587712,Posted: 29 August,all,Machao,- Lag- Crash- Almost no music- No feedback on attack always the same sound you don't feel powerful at all- I fell asleep.
,Not Recommended,473690,34581632,Posted: 29 August,all,CollateralDJ,"As of right now this game has a few issues, one of which is gamebreaking. First off, whenever you die and choose to respawn it will take you to an infinite black screen even though you can hear that you've actually respawned and are in the world, the only way to ""respawn"" is to restart the game. #2 is that when you load a new area, it will lag horribly for about 10 seconds (It's on an SSD). Will be returning this until the respawn issue is fixed."
,Not Recommended,473690,34590377,Posted: 29 August,all,ＩＲＩＳ,Were is rank balance?
,Not Recommended,473690,34584176,Posted: 29 August,all,DurtyTirtle,"Game doesn't make any sense. When you block you lose literally about 6 attacks worth of stamina, so you pretty much can't block. A lot of PVE encounters have been at least 2 or 3v1 which doesn't make any sense.  It seems whoever can spam more attacks will win. Correct me if I'm wrong."
,Recommended,473690,34583643,Posted: 29 August,all,Bibncent,it GUD
76561198052239346,Not Recommended,473690,35100067,Posted: 21 September,all,Mr.Pupperoo,Bugged on release. Not enough content for a 30€ game. Just leaves a bitter aftertaste
,Not Recommended,473690,34666892,Posted: 1 September,all,Spud,"Too laggy at the moment, my player teleports and then I get hit by invisble characters. I would wait until they fix their servers."
76561198078139201,Not Recommended,473690,34672247,Posted: 1 September,all,Onyy,"Online only with servers down frequently. There is a small amount of solo content, but you have to pvp first to unlock it... which is absolutly absurd. Also for a fighting game its incredibly shallow, just plop all your stat points (oh boy stat points) into stamina, put in all fast moves, and button mash. Its that easy. Bonus points if your moves are from the flailing drunk style so they are near impossible to read.The game is also already filled with hackers and quickly becoming unplayable.This game is bassically just For Honor's ugly twin, but Daubeny never shows himself."
,Not Recommended,473690,34813199,Posted: 8 September,all,Balls,In need of massive server optimisation and better matchmaking regularly fighting people twice my level with no intrest in a battle who spam unblockable combos when they notice they have twice my stamina
,Recommended,473690,34636068,Posted: 31 August,all,NOS,Worth it.
,Not Recommended,473690,34757427,Posted: 5 September,all,nirhamer17,to be honst whne i first got the game iwasnt sure what to exspect but as time passd i started to relize how amzing and graet its combet sestym and with that i sadly also com to relize with a sad hart how terribul the servers in this game really are half the time i gotta try to long 3 times just to long into online 6/10 times i see lags even aginst ai and aginst people it can go anywhare from no lags to stright up talporting all over the man/seeing my attacks hit the enemy but its not regstierd as a hit also sadly a good part of pvp is domnited by who can spam more light attacks no its not to say spam is unbeatbul but now one has fun fighting a spamer and being as spaming is strong in the current meta youd see a good amount of it in pvp now i really want this game to be graet like i know it can be but  the develpors have to fix this horribul server crashs/and stright up lack of ability to conect to and relizing it take time i get it but untill the servers are brought to a stabel state i cannot reccomend this game
,Not Recommended,473690,34624428,Posted: 30 August,all,Capt.ChuAyo »»,you MORON. even PUBG with MORE Buggy and need fixed have a brain to put the server at ALL REGION.Need Freaking SEA/AS SERVER ASAP !!
76561197982916409,Not Recommended,473690,34585631,Posted: 29 August,all,Robaroo,Missing ultra wide support...
,Not Recommended,473690,34583464,Posted: 29 August,all,Teatime,"It seems like a very atmospheric and well-designed game, but because of the region lock I have no way to play it with my friend.I understand that its important to stop people from just lagging around everywhere, but there should still be some way to play this game together, even if its not on the global server. There could also be an option between a regionlocked and a non-regionlocked server.Disappointing."
76561198045005681,Not Recommended,473690,34749112,Posted: 4 September,all,Stuntlinxo,"Another game where I wish I could give a neutral rating.Pure and simple it's a fun Soulslike Fighting game, great fun if you enjoy Souls combat and mystery not so great fun if you're terrible at actual fighting games.It's got a great concept, interesting Mechanics and enjoyable combat but it feels like you need to have some idea of how to play a fighting game to fully enjoy the combat in this game.My friend and I played this for two hours straight, he loves Tekken, Guilty Gear, Street Fighter and absolutely adored the fighting style in this game.I on the other hand am not so fond of them and found this to be clunky for lack of a better phrase.Don't let this put you off it though I feel like this is a game that I would grow to love, much like Dark Souls. And would love nothing more than to be able to fully enjoy and recommend this game, I just don't want to have to learn, what feels like, an entirely new Genre of gaming to do so.It's also definitely not worth £25, with people saying the Game is only about 5 hours long, next to no real story line (at least one you've not heard before) and Gameplay Mechanics that have honestly been done better in other games.If you're looking for a soulslike game then I guess go ahead, but I would much rather prefer to just go back to Lordran.TL;DR Great Game in general, just needs to be a certain type of gamer imo. Go play something like Dark Souls to scratch that Itch and don't drop £25 on this game for gods sake."
76561198043473987,Not Recommended,473690,34583527,Posted: 29 August,all,ソードマスター,"region lock, because apparently p2p, and therefore lag on pvp. but gaem can set to pve. logik 0"
,Recommended,473690,34583662,Posted: 29 August,all,KURETZ,fun game. would game again.
76561197992710474,Recommended,473690,34583679,Posted: 29 August,all,SXN,How the heck can i communicate with the other absoluters?
,Not Recommended,473690,34630501,Posted: 31 August,all,Harzan21,"Okay, i have to re-review this game.The game is amazing, unique and different (in a good way). But for now, i dont recommend this game. to many hiccups and glitch, take a long time to multiplayer pairing and feel so empty."
,Not Recommended,473690,34761828,Posted: 5 September,all,Linkford,"Honestly it really wasn't that fun, just give it time maybe it'll get better."
76561198169209014,Not Recommended,473690,34801083,Posted: 7 September,all,DatPandaGamer,"It is hard to play a game when the npc are teleporting so you can't hit them, but as soon as you can get a hit in they will perry or dodge you immediately after they hit you with like three moves in a row. Plus this npc has about five of his friends doing the same thing all at once."
76561197984798640,Not Recommended,473690,34658043,Posted: 1 September,all,DmitryTheONE,"Absolver is a cool fighting game with great art, but now it is full a hackers, if they don't fix it - game is doomed."
,Not Recommended,473690,34583931,Posted: 29 August,all,Dahnyull,Controls are awkward and unresponsive. Completely unintuitive in general.
76561198043272649,Not Recommended,473690,34780436,Posted: 6 September,all,T-Rondt,"Pvp is broken, Your charracter flickers around and its impossible too play"
76561198318537212,Not Recommended,473690,34623101,Posted: 30 August,all,acnx1,"For the 30$ price tag, you would expect a game that was more... done.The story mode is barebones and can be completed in less then 3 hours. The multiplayer hardly works, and when it does, it is full of people who build their movesets to spammable and ultimatly will destroy you over and over. Out of the 3 initial fighting styles, only one is feasible and used because it allows for quicker spamming and stun-locking. The levels are sometimes confusing to the point where the final boss is hidden in a spot that seems to take an average of 3-4 hours to find (look at the discussions, that boss is the second most brought up question). Karate moves look and feel great, but again, if they arent spammable, you wont use them. The AI are good, but the targeting is bad, if more then 1 npc attacks you, it is extremly difficult to fight them and the camera gets stuck in floors and walls while trying to follow them. The biggest downside however, is the fact that the servers that were promised are almost nonexistent, and multiplayer (when it works for the first time in its release) is very laggy, npc and players alike will often dissapear or lag out from the game entirely, unleashing a flurry of attacks from an invisible location as their body stands 30 feet awayThe single player was the most fun part; for the most part everything looks and feels great, but the shortcomings listed above make this game feel like a concept demo. I personally grew tired of the game very quickly nd requested a refund. If the game improves or gets updated and fleshed out I would be more then happy to buy it again, but for the moment, this game isnt worth it unless you have money to burn"
,Not Recommended,473690,34858776,Posted: 10 September,all,TheManInRed,"No Man's Sky was as wide as an ocean, but had the depth of a puddle.Absolver has the depth of an ocean, but the width of a pinprick."
76561198096720582,Not Recommended,473690,34593160,Posted: 29 August,all,Midnight Fury.,"Why. I was so hyped about this game.. why soclap.. Npc are boring to fight, dodging is impossible, boss are ridiculous, online lag and the game as no finial goal. Please make something great of this game, PLEASE."
,Not Recommended,473690,34589682,Posted: 29 August,all,malaisling,"Game has a nice combat system. That is it.The game itself is very unstable. It crashes a few times in a few hours, and trying to exit the game via the menu locks the game in and there's no real way to get out of the window. So basically, exiting the game requires you to restart and or break your computer. The game has over a dozen different, common, ways of crashing which can occur and they are all very frequent and possible at all times. Not even exagerating, the game legitimately can break, crash, or lock up in any one of over a dozen common ways.The game is designed for controllers yet the sensitivity on the menus is ridiculous and cannot be toggled. Using the directional buttons makes it skip one option, using the analog stick makes it fly around far too quickly. Even in game, the analog stick movement naturally makes the character twitch out slightly everytime you try to turn them. This is all caused by using Steam controller compatibility with regular controllers, a basic concept that apparently the developers forgot to account for in their controller based game.The controls for using the gesture and interaction menu are unintuitive and barely explained as well. Which is pretty bad since you need to use them to initiate cooperation and such.The combat, while nice, is literally rock paper scissors. Half the attacks in the game grant immunity to other attacks, which means if you use that attack against said other you will avoid it and land your hit to win the exchange. The game massively favours spamming, especially light or sweeping attacks, and even has a mechanic which encourages button mashing. There's virtually no skill involved in this game, it is exclusively about building a scummy moveset that uses as much of the obnoxious and unfair attacks in the game as it can. That is entirely what controls who wins in a duel, is who has the moveset with the most and the best abused garbage in it. Charging attacks which grant stun immunity, fast attacks which interrupt everything, sweeping attacks which can't be dodged, evade attacks which make players half as likely to be hit. There is no punishment or restriction at all for choosing any of the blatantly superior and ridiculous attacks in the game, it's just reward.The game loves ganking the player. Maybe seventy to eighty five percent of all pre-designed enemy placements in the game involve ganking. Some involving up to eight enemies. It is obnoxious and borderline impossible to fight against as everytime you hit one enemy another hits you. There is no way to strategically counter many of the ganks as after a certain point enemies become aggressive enough that the ganks literally just involve mandatory damage, winning is barely possible. Maybe it would be easier to respond to with player allies if the games network and servers weren't so broken. The computer enemies have massive proc ranges, which go through walls, so half of the few one versus one scripted fights in the game are not actually one versus one since other enemies nearby will get pulled in. Even when you do get a one on one fight with the computer, it's not fun. Because the computer has the enemy camp behind their block perpetually, spam dodges, spam parries, and then randomly start spamming attacks before reverting back to one of the three previous things. There's no back and forth fighting to it, it's just each extreme end of the spectrum; which is what the player versus player is anyways. The difficulty scaling of the computer enemies is based on how much time the computer allows you to hit the enemy before it reacts and stops you. That's it, that's how they scale the difficulty.The map design is horrible. It is such a mess of weaving paths, players have no map, players must travel everywhere manually, and players must track down specific opponents to progress. Honestly, four fifths of the games challenge is trying to find where you need to go or where you haven't been. It is so, so, so unenjoyable and tedious to have to randomly run around trying to find where the new content is. It cannot be understated how much this ruins the game.The main campaign is roughly three hours long, and there are eight or so unique relatively small maps in the world as a whole. The developers ranted about their open world, befriend or attack other players game; yet the world only has three hours worth of content and most of that is padded with dying to ganks and dechipering the poor map design. So the main point of the game is literally just fighting players in the arena mode, over and over and over. There's no random dungeon raiding system players can participate in, no dynamic versus modes or settings, it's thirty dollars for three hours of obnoxious campaign and then a versus arena. And there is only one versus mode, one on one.Even the loot system is bad. The game can drop duplicates of anything players have, yet players can't actually remove duplicates from their inventory. Screw basic game mechanics right. Enemies in the game itself rarely drop equipment, and they rarely drop unique equipment. There's almost zero reason to replay through any of the singleplayer campaign since players are not actually rewarded in any way for doing any of it save for scraps of junk equipment and maybe some more unlocked attacks; if they grind. The only interesting aspect to the miniscule cosmetic possibilities to the game are the masks. Problem is, most masks in the game can only be acquired as extremely rare rewards for leveling up in player versus. There are maybe twenty masks in the game, and you can go from level one to a hundred and only get one or two. How do you get more, grind versus more.The game gives players a variety of magical abilities they can abuse in player versus as well. Some can knock players off ledges, others can disable them long enough to get free hits it, and of course you have the classic heal ability. When one player wins a round, the game doesn't hard reset. It heals the winner a bit, then starts the next round right then. So if the winner is hurt enough that they don't get healed to full by said heal, they are literally handicapped the next round. The winner also gets to keep their magic charges as well, so they have that advantage. So the versus is fundamentally imbalanced in the most basic way that virtually no other game has done, because every other developer naturally understood that in order for the game to be fair each round needs to be equal. not these developers though.And of course, the network connectivity is garbage. Besides the fact that region lock is enforced, the servers constantly go down, and aren't very good when they're up; when the game has a server fluctuation it will reset the health of all the enemies in the area or disable the players ability to attack until they exit the game. Sometimes it can spawn mini bosses twice as well because of it, which would be great if there was an actual reason to kill them after the first time.This is probably the most broken and badly designed game I have ever seen. It's not the most unfair or frustrating game, but in terms of the quality of its basic design, the balance and structure of the combat, and stability of the game itself, and the amount of content it doesn't have.This game should not be sold for profit. It is such a shotty piece of utter trash and incompetence, this should not be something any body profits off of and this should not be on a retail store. They should be paying players to experience this, it's clearly an early alpha."
76561198022099330,Not Recommended,473690,34727743,Posted: 3 September,all,Funky Duck,"I wanted to like this game, but the server issues make it impossible to play multiplayer in this multiplayer game, and the single player content is too short to justify even 1/4 of the purchase price ($30).Steer clear of this game: if/when the servers are fixed, this game's window of opportunity to catch on will have long passed."
,Recommended,473690,34586981,Posted: 29 August,all,GOLA,server sea pls
76561198059935984,Recommended,473690,34817735,Posted: 8 September,all,"Waffles, Banhammer Wielder","Negative reviews: ""lag, 0/10""Positive reviews: ""Brilliant game with an in-depth fighting system, highly recommended""I played this game, as of writing, for about 30-40 minutes. Discovering that my discount, four-year-old off-brand controller didn't work with Absolver, I filed for a refund. While it went through, I figured I might as well play it a little bit. Perhaps the kb/m controls were decent.And decent they were. Playable, at the very least, though the website explicitly states that it recommends a controller. After 40 minutes of playing through the starting area, I was hooked. Despite lag issues (caused by my weak PC and their servers in equal measure), odd mouse controls, and my own general lack of prowess in fighting games, I had a brilliant time. The fighting is very satisfying- each punch and kick landing with an audible thud that makes them feel weighty and powerful. The combat deck system rewards careful planning, and the wide variety of moves ensures that no two foes will fight the same. Sure, the single-player campaign is short, but the meat of this game is in the online (which, though it lags, is being worked on by the devs).Ultimately, I'd recommend this game, but not without a few caveats. OCE servers are either nonexistent or horribly laggy, and server connection in general isn't the best (though the devs have repeatedly expressed that improved servers are currently their #1 priority, and are making progress towards better servers). Player count has dwindled from 18k peak on day 1 to about 2.5k peak as of this date (9/8/2017). But if the devs can pull the servers together, and the community supports this game, I can see it becoming something excellent."
76561198089003618,Not Recommended,473690,34594169,Posted: 29 August,all,gayRay,"This game is a very bad game, they should have waited til 2020 to release this for honor copycat piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Hey devs, kys and dumb foreigners"
,Not Recommended,473690,34589235,Posted: 29 August,all,TigerBob209,"The insanely small aspect ratio is uncalled for, especially when cut scenes stretch out to a nearly full 21:9. Also Stance Mode can't be mapped to a key or a mouse button. That is ridiculous. I'm sure the game can be played fine with a controller,  or maybe even better with a controller, but many of the people that would choose a mouse and keyboard would do so because of the versatility of the mapping and also having a free key for push to talk in a voip client. The game is lacking basic features, and is poorly thought out and executed. The art style of the game could be appealing to the eye if done well, but everything that I saw in the game looked flat and dull. There was no vibrance to the enviroment or the character models. Flat and dull could also fit perfectly when describing the game sounds. The combat seems like it could be fun, but I'd rather have the money put back into my steam wallet, rather than continue playing the game to find out of the combat does indeed become fun or interesting.There are aspects of the game that I thought would fill some void that For Honor managed to leave out in a combat game, and it may indeed do so. The trade offs of weak immersion, a flat feel, and a combat system that in my opinion seems complex only on the surface, leaves me with no choice but to avoid the risk of completely regretting my purchase in the future."
,Not Recommended,473690,34590209,Posted: 29 August,all,Something Hank,"While I'm very interested in this game, I ALSO really want to play it with my UK friend. Unfortunately, with the region lock, we just literally can't play together. The region lock is an unfortunate dealbreaker for me, so I'm refunding and have to reccomend against this game. I was iffy to buy it in the first place.Should the region lock come off, I'll buy the game again to check on it and maybe rework my reccomendation. But unfortunately, I'm just not interested."
,Not Recommended,473690,34622086,Posted: 30 August,all,mazek,bad game :)
,Not Recommended,473690,34586412,Posted: 29 August,all,SpaceNavy,"A watered-down, overcomplicated Dark Souls derivitate.If you like fighting games that rely on a lot of combo using and also like Dark Souls its perfect for you. But its just not my cup of tea."
76561198184366319,Not Recommended,473690,34590013,Posted: 29 August,all,WastedHigh,So many people including me cant get online half the time even though thats the main focus of the game...review subject to change if they fix this.
76561198027626286,Not Recommended,473690,34598346,Posted: 29 August,all,Breyb Sowl,Getting your character's♥♥♥♥♥whooped while you cant do anything due to lag simulartor 2017.PS. RIP SEA Servers
76561198000896476,Not Recommended,473690,34594353,Posted: 29 August,all,PressOK,"If you buy, keep, and play this game for $30 USD, you have to be extremely desperate for a fighting game or insane.Simple solution - you can request a refund for any game that you have played less than 2 hours on.If you don't believe the negative reviews, just like I didn't want to (because I wanted Absolver to be good), try it yourself - but don't keep a game if it's unfinished garbage.The only pro:- Nice graphics running on smooth Unreal engine.Cons:- Unable to connect to server (potentially because it is launch day)- Game doesn't recognize my controller (8BitDo NES30 Pro), had to use J2K to get it working- Combat in PvE rewards button spam, can't even comment on PvP because it doesn't exist- The most you will find is a meaningless item here or there, level up to get a meaningless skill point- There is no plot- No voice acting- No characters- No objectives- No reason to playAnd this is coming from someone who had zero technical issues other than inability to connect to server. Consider all of the above, add it to the issues other people are having, and you have a game which is at MOST 30% finished.These studios keep hyping their own games, pushing the release dates, announcing their own games, and then releasing them before they are finished.People keep buying them because people are ♥♥♥♥ing stupid. This is No Man's Fight."
,Not Recommended,473690,34586521,Posted: 29 August,all,D@weCZ,"Created character, fought about 100 rounds with other players, lost 90 of them. Uninstalling and really happy for ""refunding"" policy on Steam for lame players as I am."
,Recommended,473690,34744685,Posted: 4 September,all,"Zack ""Hands-On"" Hampson",All the negative reviews are from people who aren't very good.8/10
76561198014028709,Not Recommended,473690,34597719,Posted: 29 August,all,A5N BlackBluRR,"Neat concept, but the implementation makes for a not so great fighting game"
76561197960534842,Not Recommended,473690,34598051,Posted: 29 August,all,Gogge,"Starts with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tutorial, 20 minutes later you're in a PvP/PvE area trying to kill some PvE mobs while constantly being ganked.GG uninstall, refund.Don't waste your time/money unless you like ""open world PvP"" and griefing."
76561198010869598,Recommended,473690,34743785,Posted: 4 September,all,Tamás,For me the servers are perfect... Oh and so on the game!!!
76561198172999797,Not Recommended,473690,34802996,Posted: 7 September,all,Onodrim,"I was incredibly excited for this game to come out, and I can honestly say it's been a huge dissapointment. The gameplay doesn't reward you for being smart about attack blocking and dodging, but rather favors button mashing and senseless attacking to a more careful, thought-out approach. I've encountered invisible enemy players who can't be attacked but can kill me endlessly, places where one can glitch through the floor, and such horrific lag from enemy players as to make the combat all but irrelevant. The world is big enough that I find myself wishing for a comprehensive map that I can look at when I please, instead of having to return to the bridge or the tower to see where I need to go to find a boss. The game can be finished in a matter of hours, but you've experienced everything it has to offer after 20 minutes. I won't lie and say there haven't been fun moments when the fights look almost choreographed, but these are so few and far between as to make the game hardly woth the $30.00 tag.  Animation is done well, and some of the fighting feels satisfying, but still shallow, as there isn't much room for skillful play. As much as I wish this game was good enough to reccommend, it frankly isn't."
76561198086966961,Not Recommended,473690,34821891,Posted: 8 September,all,AT_Hind,Welp this game can be so much fun. Except when you can't actually Fight against another player or against a NPC. The connection of the servers are kinda laggy sometimes. Atleast when mid fight the enemy won't get any damage then you know your going to get teleported.. I fell trough the world a couple of times now because it failed to load the ground there are alot of bugs actually XD. I would wait till its much better because now its not worth it at all.
,Not Recommended,473690,34803876,Posted: 7 September,all,Tomcruise,"By no means is this a bad game.A great game infact, it really is. By far one of the best melee combat systems ive gotten my hands on. I played about 2 hours and felt like i saw all the game had to offer. The lack of content really made me feel like i had to push myself in order to continue playing the game and found myself avoiding it in order to get my moneys worth. but for now, i refunded my purchase and will be on the lookout for a heavy discount. maybe by then some of the issues and content will be addressed. If you really want a brawler type RPG then this is your game, but again, the lack of content will eventually make you rethink your purchase. wait a bit."
76561198050446717,Not Recommended,473690,34653818,Posted: 1 September,all,That Guy,PLEASE NOT THE GAME IS GOODmy only issue is there are no Australian servers upon the arrival of Aussie servers this will be a positive reveiw. yeah it may be petty but us Australians get ♥♥♥♥ all mate.alright so the game.I spent the first maybe 10 minutes feeling out the controls and mechanics of combat after this I proceeded to run around punching the lving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of anything that dare move near me. at the moment the player base is a bunch of scrubs that were way too easy to kill. GIT GUD AND SEE ME.its also fun KO'ing the same guy 3 times over and reviving him.get this gamepawn noobs.
76561198126549716,Not Recommended,473690,34612486,Posted: 30 August,all,Skjalgrim,"games just ♥♥♥♥ing stupid and awaste of money n time,36minutes in and every mobis kicking your♥♥♥♥♥before you can figure anything out and the camera moves everywhere and cant figure out where your going and have 1 frame to work with to block or waste an attack trying."
,Not Recommended,473690,35002113,Posted: 16 September,all,Duayne Dibbley,"Untill they change charged attacks and their ♥♥♥♥ing knockback, im not playing this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just a bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥ass ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ playing at edges."
,Recommended,473690,34616862,Posted: 30 August,all,Kilo,Seems legit fighting game to meMost of the neg's are nubs getting rekt
,Recommended,473690,34599653,Posted: 29 August,all,High Priest Carl,"Great game of fist. Learn the ways, master the dad, be the fist.Launch has been spotty with servers being a little pissly but the devs have addressed the issue already before the day was out, and we will be getting server TLC and a patch to fix some♥♥♥♥♥♥ They seem pretty adamant on listening entirely to the community for feedback on how to improve their game, going so far as to not do any paid dlc or cosmetics unless the demand for such a thing and the content was shown by the community. Time will tell but this game has great potential with fun fisting gameplay of the fist kind and a great coop mechanic (that at the moment is region locked which sucks but i'm sure the Devs will get on it.).I recommend highly for a fistful of times.EDIT: as of this time,  which is 2 days later they have patched the servers and everything is running swank. They are looking to remove region lock soon so that people can play with their international friends as well with other fixes and content within the coming month or so. Slowclap is my dad man"
,Not Recommended,473690,34645084,Posted: 31 August,all,FREEMASON,I couldn't beat Raver*** so I use my martial art on my monitor10/10 would use martial art on another monitor againp.s I got a new monitor
76561198277916370,Not Recommended,473690,34606585,Posted: 30 August,all,seabug25,"Im sure its a great game, it was on sale when I preordered it (dont ever preorder, it was an accident, I thought it was released cause im drunk everyday), unfortunatly the game wont get past the ""New Game"" screen as it crashes with a bunch of error code. I have a decent pc so I feel it needs better optimization. Dont buy it unless its on sale. Gonna give it a Thumbs Down until they fix it a bit then i'll edit my review."
76561198042942760,Not Recommended,473690,34766601,Posted: 5 September,all,Chan,First review everNot worth 30$ and belongs in early access.- About a hour worth of pve content- garbage servers- Learning moves is tedious- KB/M sucks(can't remap a class special ability)- only 1v1- There's more but lazy
76561198138585582,Recommended,473690,34582523,Posted: 29 August,all,Trump=Almighty,Amazing
,Not Recommended,473690,34585899,Posted: 29 August,all,Ragwolf,Region locking makes it impossible to play with friends.
76561198044568093,Not Recommended,473690,34657746,Posted: 1 September,all,By Torbs Beard Garden Jesus,Dont make a online game if you dont know how to online.When the merica down vote you because they love all the free pvp wins.
76561198194605215,Recommended,473690,34912434,Posted: 12 September,all,Neo,u can sok any 1 talkin about ur mum right in the gabber m8
76561198057475439,Not Recommended,473690,34584003,Posted: 29 August,all,Rizzit,Very Bad Keyboard Optimization cant play without a controller.No Character Wipes = Streamers are full level very unfairDo not buy.
,Not Recommended,473690,34784861,Posted: 6 September,all,Uncle Julian,"Terrible AI fighting, almost impossible to win 2v1 since everyone always stunlocking you in combat. Wont be able to win without high specd gear and high stats too."
76561198048004091,Recommended,473690,34774432,Posted: 6 September,all,Git Gud,10/10 Love this game
,Not Recommended,473690,34949750,Posted: 14 September,all,Tiny,"Servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥ multiplayer is full of people who just have super fast spamable decks, locking the different levels of the bosses behind your PvP rank is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, it's fun but just cannot recomend at the moment"
,Recommended,473690,34599736,Posted: 30 August,all,Mailamea,"We Live here in the Philippines, here we don't have the very best internet, seems like the Asia data center doesn't support our country. Its a good game. But I can only play offline :( Whats the point. Lags at any place when someone joins the area :(Good game, killed by server, for honor :(I wanted to get back by 30$ but I played through campaign now when I tried to play 1v1 matches, Its always super lag for us here in Philippines :("
76561198200445429,Not Recommended,473690,35381764,Posted: 1 October,all,snee.scampers,cannot comment on other regions but if you're OCE then don't waste ya time.game is populated by a small number of people who have nothing better to do than sit waiting 24/7 for you to come online.even if you just do PVE you will be forced to face them in order to play the pve bosses multiple times since they require PVP level.so basically you have to suffer endless no fun beatings at the hands of several no lifers with nothing better to do inorder compleat a short and repetitive solo campaign.some of these people put in almost 40 hours a week so there's almost no avoiding them.
76561198068428431,Not Recommended,473690,34711222,Posted: 3 September,all,Mood,"1v1 seems good but when your up against 3v1 its not fun. at all. The AI seem to forevour punch the living daylights out of you. Found my self against 3 AI needed help to get past the to the next zone. ""Luckily"" there was another guy that just came in otherwise ill still be there now getting my skull smashed in. Perhaps within time i may be able to play this and put the time in. All through out the encounters i had For Honor was whispering to me, and with the short refund time frame im close to refunding.Not trying to praise For Honor as i believe For Honor isnt a grat game in my opinion. But when people say that this game tops it. Its very miniscule in comaprison."
76561198061433523,Not Recommended,473690,34639741,Posted: 31 August,all,skullsmash86,"THIS GAME IS UNFINISHED!!!!or atleast you better hope it is. There are some good aspects but very glaring bad ones as well.-Pros--Fluid gameplay if your computer can run it-great challenges-a functional multiplayer-good customization of both character and combat styles-Cons--The games only 2 hours long.....you think im kidding? The only thing that prolongs the game is-The Map is confusing and sucks-Some targets needed to progress are hidden and wastes more time-The game gets really buggy if you turn multiplayer on(Targets despawning, clipping issues, insta death, ect.)I HIGHLY recomend that you wait until more content is anounced otherwise the only thing here is just contstant 1v1 pvp on the same boring maps."
76561198040458471,Recommended,473690,34989993,Posted: 16 September,all,Absolved Goose,"So much fun, and haven't seen a single server issue that any review is talking about. Infinite combinations, every fight feels unique and there's something so satisfactory about beating a spammer into submission."
76561198060818665,Recommended,473690,35097309,Posted: 20 September,all,Hand Flying,The game is good.But Internet seriver is not good enough.
76561198139915756,Not Recommended,473690,35068674,Posted: 19 September,all,WhiT3 Tig3R,Very unique game and has potentialjust hackers all over one such player is risedagainst one shots me and if u block he does 1000 attacks
76561198022919875,Not Recommended,473690,35255841,Posted: 27 September,all,Schwiftyrick,"Do not buy this game, it may work for a small amount of time, and then you will never be able to connect to the servers. Worse, with all these negative reviews, Steam won't offer a refund."
76561198049274625,Not Recommended,473690,34727053,Posted: 3 September,all,Erinyes,"The game is great and entertaining. As someone who love martial arts, it is a spectacular ride.I don't even care about region locks, i tried to entertain myself as much as I could from this game.and in the end, it comes to PVP. Which is the worst, your opponents are warping around like a frickin' Goku and you can't do no♥♥♥♥♥♥♥So I don't recommend this game until their developers know how to run an online game."
76561198055526403,Recommended,473690,34717816,Posted: 3 September,all,Karma,Its good.
,Recommended,473690,34758184,Posted: 5 September,all,Chaos,"Really fun game that nails the martial arts combat that we see in films and even lets you customize your combos or ""decks"" so you can fight with whatever style you want to."
76561198048703318,Not Recommended,473690,34753805,Posted: 5 September,all,Miakuru,good game. online doesnt work most of the time. so till they fix it dont buy!
76561198102773800,Recommended,473690,34754739,Posted: 5 September,all,Owl,"Don't be fooled by ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews coming from butthurt Australians. This is a GOOD game, especially for the price point. It needs to be optimized a bit better, but that's about it."
76561198090505638,Not Recommended,473690,34767018,Posted: 5 September,all,toxicstinkbomb,"I really do love this game. At its core, the game is amazing. The combat is fluid and satisfying, the PvE is great, the PvP is amazing. Were it not for 2 glaring issues, I would be giving this game a stellar review. The connection is awful, several times, I have to sit on the main menu pressing enter to retry connection for several minutes while my friends are already playing in the same region. Second, After 20 hours of playing the game, leveling to 52, mastering Windfall and Stagger, I came back to my game file being corrupted and all of my progress lost. This would not be that big of a deal were it not for the patch that was just released to fix this issue. It was a real shame that this happened because I was really looking forward to this game."
76561198151735805,Recommended,473690,34625636,Posted: 30 August,all,blubla8,"The pve was pretty fun and the combat deck is an interesting feature.  Worth it if you are okay with a learning curve and enjoy fighting games.  I haven't done a whole lot of pvp yet because the servers have been a little wonky, but they are working on it."
,Recommended,473690,34699918,Posted: 2 September,all,navaraKP,Good fighting game that rewards skill and level.
,Not Recommended,473690,34832821,Posted: 9 September,all,first2b-me,Too much bugs.
,Recommended,473690,34595569,Posted: 29 August,all,dronJak,10 times better than♥♥♥♥♥♥Honor.
76561198037020550,Recommended,473690,34588123,Posted: 29 August,all,TEF2000,it is different but i like it
,Recommended,473690,34621414,Posted: 30 August,all,Vote No To Sin,When are OCE servers coming?
,Recommended,473690,34620948,Posted: 30 August,all,vinyl sprakle,"Only been playing for a short amount of time, but i love it. i'll probably update this review when i finish the main story, but it's a fantastic that's worth the price.The fighting was difficult for me at first, but when you learn it, it's super satisfying. The map and areas are huge and beautiful that i don't mind getting lost in it all.i don't regret preordering."
76561198042589403,Recommended,473690,34621431,Posted: 30 August,all,Misphit1,at times it feels as tho the fights your in are from a movie
76561198023942487,Recommended,473690,34621683,Posted: 30 August,all,Dead Rag,great game
,Not Recommended,473690,34786792,Posted: 6 September,all,François Flynn Long,Fix the servers and game breaking bugs please. I have no healing power.
76561198063647475,Not Recommended,473690,34639193,Posted: 31 August,all,phoenixaz,"You're constantly switching targets because you're attacked by four enemies at once plus a player, so five. Enemies will always kill eachother because the AI is a mess. The game goes from Very Easy to modertaly difficult when it comes to enemies. Enemy skill levels are way above what you are as they often will chain four or five attack combos while you throw maybe 3, 4 if you play the stamina perfectly.Players say pvp is where it's at, but the fighting is just pressing X or Y at the right time. All players will wait until you finish fighting the group of four (most mobs come in four) and then take you down when you have no stamina and a quarter of your health.I don't find the fighting satisfying.I find the game a mess. It's not for me and I can't recommend it. I haven't had fun yet. Three hours in and you would think I would enjoy myself."
76561197970285770,Not Recommended,473690,34639055,Posted: 31 August,all,Viper,The PVP sucks... single player is Ok but not enough content.
,Recommended,473690,34660420,Posted: 1 September,all,OmnipotentFox,I have beaten someone at max level while I had not even finished the main story yet. Any advantages are minor and this game all comes down to strategy and skill. Absolutely worth your time.
76561198012958699,Not Recommended,473690,34652654,Posted: 31 August,all,Cheeki Breeki,"Definately not a 30$ game, more like 10$"
76561198112838066,Not Recommended,473690,34675225,Posted: 1 September,all,Ark_Zilong,"As it stands now, I cannot recommend this game.While its gameplay is good and shows good dept, the offline content is horribly lacking, and online rarely if ever works; In my short experience with it I would either not be able to connect, connect but find no players, or find players bug get horrible lag issues, which I later found out where on the game's/server side.Even outside of that, it shows itself to lack in lasting content atm, outside of its good combat mechanics.I recommend waiting until more content has been added to the game and online issues have been fixed; if/when that happens I will glady re-purchase it and change my review into something (hopefully) positive."
,Not Recommended,473690,34674536,Posted: 1 September,all,Sackon,"I enjoyed what I played, but got tired of launching the game just to find that I can't connect online for whatever reason after 5 separate tries since launch. Only connected online once.  Refunded it."
76561198014390061,Recommended,473690,34595002,Posted: 29 August,all,usrlocal,"An atmospheric and minimalistic fighter game that feels like a cross between Dark Souls, Tekken every cool martial arts flick you saw as a kid. The mechanics are novel yet pretty fluid once you get the hang of the controls. As with Dark Souls, I wouldn't want to play this without a controller. The multiplayer aspect is super-cool. Also has some RPG elements in terms of leveling up your character, managing equipment, etc. Awesomesauce!"
76561198049159417,Recommended,473690,34689023,Posted: 2 September,all,[NrJ]babblewhur,"One of the best PVP experiences I have ever had.Enter arena bow to each other and proceed to try and outwit, outdodge, and out punch your opponent who while sad at the loss still gives you the thumbs up for the badass combo that you finished with a roundhouse kick.PVE is good fun and good practice but can be trying with more than 2 opponents, but other player are often there to jump in and even the odds. Campaign can be done in a few hours if you grasp the gameplay fast enough. But you keep playing for the main mechanics of the game which imo is the sign of a good game.ps... I know kung fu"
,Recommended,473690,34618061,Posted: 30 August,all,[DeusVult] Eisengrind,git gud
,Not Recommended,473690,34599135,Posted: 29 August,all,Life of Barrel Zero,the game is good 7.5/10 but the lag and severs are no good which break the game.  so un till this is fixed i do not recomend this game.
76561198023078135,Recommended,473690,34584672,Posted: 29 August,all,Lil Abortion,"Ok....anyone complaining about either difficulty or crashing in game... BOTH OF THOSE are a YOU problem not the developers...just because a games hard on purpose doesn't make it bad. SO you're stupid. Second the crashing isnt happening to me or like 200 plus other people thumbing up the game...so obviously its your fault and not thegames. THIS ISNT a game for cry babies. Change your SJW attitude and get over it and play, region lock doesnt make the game bad...thumbing it down for that reason and that reason only is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and pathetic..WAHHHHH you sound like the kids who cry about te fact that If i dont play games at exactly 60 fps ill die of cancer...game runs smooth as ♥♥♥♥....and the fighting is freaking amazing. This is a good game to play if you miss dark souls and want a different type of challenge. PVP is great and community besides the ♥♥♥♥♥es crying is very friendly. THE END STOP COMPLAING ABOUT SMALL♥♥♥♥♥♥AND PLAY."
,Recommended,473690,34616849,Posted: 30 August,all,The Entire Population of Europe,"Almost all of the negative reviews are from people that are whining about the abrupt end to the story or the fact that servers for the Aussies are yet to be rolled out (coming on Friday according to Sloclap). Do note: there have been scattered connection issues for other players too, if you have an issue in game with lag, attempt leaving the area you are currently in so the game can join another server/instance, else restart the game.This game is not a singleplayer only game, if you came here for quests and whatnot it's probably not for you. Absolver has a moderate amount of singleplayer content, mostly darksouls-esque roaming combat with bloody smart NPC fighters. The real draw of this game is the amazing interactions to be had with the community, players share the world with one another it is common to form a short term coop alliances to get the edge on that marked one (mini-boss) you've been struggling to take down. Do remember however, that not all prospects are friendly.Absolver is an amazing game with an amazing community to boot, the combat is deep and the deckbuilding/discovery system promotes refreshing gameplay to steer away from mindless button mashing. I recommend the Absolver subreddit for a better explained map of Adal than the one in game."
,Recommended,473690,34616835,Posted: 30 August,all,Gretsky,"Do you like Dark Souls, but feel like its too easy to cheese the AI by circling around them?Do you like fighting games, but don't enjoy the fact they're locked onto a basically 2D field?Well then this game is for you"
76561198126249606,Recommended,473690,34588144,Posted: 29 August,all,beginwithlove,"Pro- Fun Martial Arts Game, loot, customize your character with loot.- Seems pretty stable little lag- Open areas to explore and fight- Many Cons but still Fun, just patch it please.Con- DAY ONE players are already exploiting the PvP steals the fun away- Needs to be patched asap, needs tighter controls and rebalancing dosn't feel natural- There is not much at all to do, Needs personality, stiff clunky animations on some moves- Body language should hint to health levels not just an obvious health and stamina bar- No counter moves for cheap shot players, blocking is weak only just ""covers up""- Easy for a level 15 player to be pummelled to death by a 4th level player mostly using one move."
76561198048569348,Recommended,473690,34646436,Posted: 31 August,all,Drake,Buy this game its dope
76561198145840002,Not Recommended,473690,34754652,Posted: 5 September,all,Iver Edwards,"was utter dog wank honestly, got boring quickly, wouldn't recommend."
,Recommended,473690,35035296,Posted: 17 September,all,✪ Relic,"This is a great game. During launch it did have some server connectivity issues. This connection issue is always temporary as a game developer works to fix the issue. Outside of that, the controls take getting used to. If you are a new and entitled gamer then I do not recommend you play without a Steam Controller or a controller that allows for extreme control customization. To the rest of the gamers it is a blast from the past with a great modern kick to it.A complex yet satisfying fighter game with MMORPG elements to it. With more PvE content promised in the future this game will really shine.Pros:- Amazing Art Style and Graphics- Full Controller Support- Amazing Character Customization after creation.- Challenging even for Fighting Game Players.- Keyboard/Mouse Control Scheme is good.- Promise of continued PvP and PvE content.- AMAZING PvP oriented gameplay.- Complete Fighting Style Customization: No choosing a character and being forced to fight in its style. You can interchange the moves in your combat deck, how you see fit and are able to play.- Cost of the game is rather low compared to most new game releases.Cons:- Poor Character Creation: Choose basic skin color, gender, hair style and color and 1 of 3 base fighting styles which primarily determine your defensive preferences.- PvE Content can be completed rather quickly.This is an amazing game and I highly recommend giving it a shot. Specially if you like fighting games, or games that focus on PvP style gameplay. Keep in mind the controls take getting used to, but any fighting game player would tell you that is a no brainer."
,Not Recommended,473690,34619931,Posted: 30 August,all,Lo Wang,Nice Servers.
76561198136974343,Not Recommended,473690,34976617,Posted: 15 September,all,Spartecus23,"1. I love the game, absolver is a fun game with the 1v1 gameplay but at the end of the day.... IT GET'S BORING.2. I cannot stand how many times this game has crashed or just froze i have a top of the line computer so it is not me i get 100-120 frames and the game just stops working really get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together absolver team and fix this.3. The pvp is amazing you really learn how to watch for incoming moves and attack at the prime moment but yet again it is very annoying if people start teleporting all over the place and win you becasue of the lag.Overall I love the game but there are wayyyyy to many bugs in this game for me to recomend it.Untile the absolver team fix this bull♥♥♥♥♥♥I will not recomend this game to anyone do not spend money on this half ♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198128132941,Recommended,473690,34977015,Posted: 15 September,all,✯31eR✯,Yea boi
,Recommended,473690,34775652,Posted: 6 September,all,Tsunamisw,great!
,Not Recommended,473690,34742086,Posted: 4 September,all,absolutely,fix your servers bi tch
,Not Recommended,473690,35153572,Posted: 23 September,all,TeniaToDa,Never preorder.
,Recommended,473690,34786933,Posted: 6 September,all,"vox de ""why""",Fist the planet.
,Recommended,473690,34891547,Posted: 11 September,all,レタス,"It's a really fun fighting game, but since I suck at reading moves, its a very challenging game, which makes it even more fun!"
76561198046380410,Recommended,473690,34724951,Posted: 3 September,all,NATO.FA-TONE,♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers and bad lag are really holding this game back.
76561198288012831,Recommended,473690,34785768,Posted: 6 September,all,Zach Evans,"Very fun game, be warned this is majority PvP, while being enjoyable the story ( a term i use loosely) is short but fun. The real treat is going online in pvp to see how you and your deck can stack up to others. I have read a handful of reviews saying that the only meta is fast attacking your way to victory and that is certainly not even close to the truth, utilizing the four different stances and the decks you build you can make a multitude of combinations that will kick♥♥♥♥♥ Laggy♥♥♥♥♥servers is this games crutch right now so if you are worried about the game being abandoned then just wait a week and see for yourself. Overall i find this game incredibly unique and feel the beautifully designed and articulated combat system fills any void that could be left over a short story mode, even with 1v1 being the only available online PvP mode."
76561198085203407,Not Recommended,473690,35034535,Posted: 17 September,all,Slyvester,"TL;DR, game is boring because the combat just isn't that satisfying after a handful of hours.I haven't written a review before, but I feel this is something other people aren't saying. I really wanted to like Absolver, and even got to combat level 50 on the second day. I didn't lose a single pvp match before getting the hundred win achievement or whatever it is. As it is, I've lost maybe ten of the few hundred fights I've had. The reason is that the combat system isn't ""deep"" like advertised or talked about. It boils down to find a fast chain with built-in crushes and a couple of slow but high damaging moves to throw in when they start parrying. Other than that, just pay attention. Essentially every attack but the fastest jabs are parriable on reaction. If the opponent starts throwing in feints, just jab until they reliably parry the string and throw in some heavy attacks. Feinting is almost pointless considering the recovery time on parries is juuuust long enough to land spinning high kick or your damage move of choice if they expect a jab or the normal string ender. The combat isn't so much ""chess"" like many people are calling it; it's more like the most basic mixups in literally any fighting game, with a ridiculously easy parry mechanic that makes fighting boring pretty quickly. I've had fights drag on and on and on because of back-and-forth parries. The only reason there isn't a defensive meta is because the parries aren't really rewarding due to the servers: you basically just get stamina and reset the neutral, with no real guaranteed punishes. Regardless, this game's combat gets stale in a spectacularly short amount of time, and I don't really see how that could change in the future."
,Not Recommended,473690,34910123,Posted: 12 September,all,"Fucklord B E P I S, one with God","TL;DRI want to start this review by saying that the actual gameplay of Absolver is a ton of fun. As a fan of fighting games, I recognize why the genre remains something of a niche to the wider world. Most games feature fairly arcane mechanics and characters with movesets that must be learned in their entirety before even a basic understanding of the game can be reached. Absolver is a fresh take on what some see as a stale genre, and that's always something to be comended. That said, I cannot recommend it in its current state. If you find yourself interested in this game, monitor its future development and then make the call after they've fixed some of its issues. Absolver is seriously unfinished as of this review and will require substantial fixes and additions before I'd call it ""release quality"".  Let's get to the details.ProsThe deck-building mechanic allows complete player control over the way they want to play their character. A typical fighting game features pre-made characters (or movesets) that require the player to adapt their skills and understanding unto the character. The player character in absolver can use any move that they learn in the game. This means that the player can tailor-make a moveset to the way that they want to play, rather than having to find a character they match best with. There are no combos to memorize as you make the combos yourself. You always want players to feel like they are in control of what happens in your game, to that end Absolver might be the only fighting game to make that philosophy the central tenant of its mechanics.The fighting itself feels great. The game feels responsive and rewards players who avoid button mashing by having attacks come out faster and take less stamina if they are executed with correct timing. Despite only two button being used for attacks, the stance system allows for fairly complex strategies to be executed when fighting. For instance, you can end a combo early if your opponent has adjusted to it, and throw an entirely new combo at them. The gameplay is easily understood but provides enough complexity to make it highly engrossing.The art and sound direction in Absolver is notably strong. The game has a sort of painterly quality to it, especially when paired with the excellent lighting, that makes each area feel unique and filled with history. While the graphics themselves are nothing special, the game does a great job cultivating an atmosphere that elicits an emotional response rather than attempting to wow the player with pure technical greatness. The ambient creaks and breezes that fill the abandoned land complete the atmosphere and give each area a personality all its own.ConsThe game was never particularly stable for me, but it was playable. The recent patch has rendered Absolver nearly unplayable for me. The game features a very sparse campaign, one that I completed in around seven hours with substantial lollygagging with friends. PvP is the main draw here, as it is with most fighting games, so Absolver absolutely hinges on the quality of that experience. As of right now, this part of the game is abysmal. Out of the last 24 PvP games that I have queued, I have only been able to play seven. Of these seven, five featured such prominent lag issues that I might as well have not loaded into them in the first place. Players regularly teleport around the arena and attack hit or miss without any knowledge of the player. The game constantly crashes, freezes, and gets stuck on infinite loading screens. It is frustrating to spend an hour fighting the game for ten minutes or less of gamplay. Until these issues are fixed, this game is nigh unplayable beyond the extremely barebones PvE (which still crashes).The game isn't particularly well optimized. Certain areas seem to run very smoothly regardless of the number of NPCs, player characters and effects. An area that you would assume would tax the computer runs smoothly while a more basic area creates huge dips in fps. I've had friends with wildly different PCs reporting nonsensical performance problems. A high-end pc seems to not guarantee smooth and stable gameplay. Conversely, a lower-end pc might run the game just fine. You will be rolling the dice when finding out how Absolver plays on your PC.The single player is negligible. Think of it like an appetizer. It's something that's merely there to hold you over while you wait to play against another person. Beyond farming moves and leveling up your character, which are both achievable in PvP, there's not much to recommend the PvE portion of the game beyond getting your feet wet."
,Not Recommended,473690,34942954,Posted: 13 September,all,Barbequed Waffles,"Hey you. Like fighting games? great. Like bosses that gank you with other people? well too bad. Also there is a chance that when you beat all the ""Marked ones"" you won't be able to progress and you'll be stuck a rock in a hard place. This is a literal ♥♥♥♥ing game breaking glitch, and there is no way IN HELL that I am going to delete all of the ♥♥♥♥ing progress I've made so far just to fix it."
76561198086146917,Not Recommended,473690,34943449,Posted: 13 September,all,severe,"Short term good.  Long term Meh.   YOU NEED A GAMEPAD (xbox) to be viable.  Pretty,  but short storyline.  Replay value depends on if your the tryhard gotta be the very best type.Cons:  Hackers, Lag, terrible keyboard and mouse controls and limited rebindings.snakebyte (playstation) super cheap controllers dont work.... I have a suscpect theres a reason for that."
76561198116366466,Recommended,473690,34641384,Posted: 31 August,all,Lil Lit Bill,this game cold af thats all u need to know
76561198154346235,Not Recommended,473690,35027118,Posted: 17 September,all,Vengaarn,"I preordered this game 5 days before the release. It was my first time ever that I preordered a game. Now... I was REALLY excited for this game. It looked unbelievable good. When it came out I played it in total for like 9 hours on like 3-4 days. But then the content was almost over. The world of Absolver is extremely small. One day I just ran around till I was at the entrance of the big tower where a player was fighting against the final boss or something. I tried to fight with them. When he won the battle, I automatically won. So this was the final guardian of the grand  master or something. But I couldn´t believe that the story was almost over. So I went to explore world a little bit more. I was fighting against some other bosses and tried to battle other players and so on but after some time it was boring. There was simply no content. Now I paid 25 euros for it. The battle system is great but the game itself is not really rewarding now. I eventually just stopped playing it. But I would recommend to just wait until there is more content released. By this time it is just not really worth buying it."
,Not Recommended,473690,34750224,Posted: 4 September,all,Vihvee,The fact that you have to connect to another player instead of a centeralized server when doing the 1v1's and the battle all depends on who has the ♥♥♥♥♥iest connection wins is a serious issue. After playing through the main story (which you can finish in about an hour or so with one other person to play through you) you have to depend on these 1v1's to level up your combat high enough to run through another pve trial. Even though the game is very atmospheric it's runied by the poor connection between players (when changing to a new area the nps will be invisible to you until you've finally connected to whatever player and hope they have a good enough broadband line to have a stable connection after you finally do connect.) Along with that there are players hacking the game making themselves regenerate health without casting a heal skill and also (if they're attack isn't blocked) they will 1hit you and there is no way to report players for using said hacks (in or out of 1v1 matches). I would say give it a while until the first major patch/expansion.
,Not Recommended,473690,34772705,Posted: 6 September,all,likecookies,If you can connect to the server which really works (and steam can give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥) you will most likely be fighting a hacker or a spammer. Once in a while you will have a fight with someone that it actually playing the game but most of the time if you can connect and don't get a completely random crash they will be a hacker or a spammer.
,Recommended,473690,34719356,Posted: 3 September,all,Vormancer,"CatagoriesRankingSummeryValue$30It's early access so there's definately time for more to be added, that being said well worth the moneyGameplay8 starspretty solid if a bit grindyStory2 starsUh oddly enough theres next to no story. its pretty much like an open world Mortal combat without the supernatural powersSocial System$30there really isnt one that ive seen, not in the game anywayCommunity7 starstheyre not bad but you DO need to watch your back as even when your in  a party friendly fire is on and cannot be turned off... so its very possible your friends will kill you...Graphics10 starsamazing style, vaguely reminicent of Zelda: Windwaker, though not as childish in the art styleEase of Learning4 starsi admit that the deck creation is easy but its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to build one that looks super Jet Li Kung Fu masterishCombat Style10 starsas hard as it may be to make it look super fluid it doesnt matter its still awesome having all your moved blend together no matter what quadrant your attacking fromSoundtrack5 starsoddly enough i know there is one but i admit that it blends in so well with the game that i dont remember it. so when it comes down to it its pretty amazing as it doesnt interfere and distract you from the game but at the same time its also kinda ""meh"" as it's not recognizable"
76561198122502903,Recommended,473690,34606074,Posted: 30 August,all,CallMeBox,"Very fun game, Combat system is top notch and very engaging, Story is all right right but thats not the main focus of this game at all, the main focus is pvp. One of the downsides right now though is the servers. The servers could use improvment but the devs said they're looking into it which is great. So if you like fighting games which takes skill and patience and timing then this is the game for you :D 9/10  for me"
76561198059892603,Recommended,473690,34624742,Posted: 30 August,all,Cavernman,"Australians seem to be having a glitchy online experience.Here in California, I haven't been able to sign on at all since launch... ;)Good game, but get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together guys."
76561198123232427,Not Recommended,473690,34692003,Posted: 2 September,all,BlacKiMz,give kill and revive and kill agian so many timeso lag Playing a lot of punches can not hitdont buy it if u want pvp
76561198046558854,Not Recommended,473690,34595674,Posted: 29 August,all,Dad,Honestly this game is a bundle of unbalanced trash after playing for hours i've found AI have near unlimited stamina and attack much faster than you meaning you must endure vast combos that drain your stamina with no ability to punish slow attacks (cause an AIs slow kick is faster than a players quick jab) on top of that if you are hit evading out of the combo is not possible do to this games stun lock system this is a rant by the way oh also this game will force PvP on you harder than ape with a capital R if you buy this you'll see that you need to do PvP matches in order to do PvE bosses I was so excited for this game but its just another released to soon mess I sincerely hope they listen to the community and fix/add more to this game cause dispite all the flaws (massive flaws) I keep coming back to the game oh and its region locked multiplayer
76561198132357041,Recommended,473690,34596362,Posted: 29 August,all,IMnotGENEROUS,This is an amazing game for anyone who likes a good fighting game that uses skill and for people who like darksouls. Basically its a martial art deckbuilding/darksouls game with awsome pvp and the only downside really for this game is when you get attacked by two people and its just anoying and tiresome but playing coop fixes that and makes it all the more fun to play online.
,Recommended,473690,34696451,Posted: 2 September,all,Daeronth,"-- FIRST OF ALL --Don't listen to those who are being cry babies about getting ganked. Some people don't know the features of this game. I saw a comment like ""Not for solo players , if you don't have any friends to play with - just stay away from this game"" Well that's not true my friend. There is an offline mode for you to play if you want to solo this game. if you want to compete with others, well that's an easy task because nothing (not just players) can harm you whlie you are at a shrine and that's where you que up for duels. if you want to gank you can do that freely.Go offline if you want to play solo. it's under the options menu. (starting screen options menu)-- For the review --I have 30 hours on record and I am loving this game so far.Combat deck is a good mechanic to customize your character.You can spend hours into your combat deck and enjoy with the outcome of it. ( I really do enjoy that very much)in my opinion , combat deck mechanic is better than the ""most"" pesky talent mechanics where you end up the same build with nearly every character.Stances are good (every one of these stances has their purpose for real )Move learning is AMAZING both in logical and fun way. You will find yourself spending a lot of time in a combat even if you are able to finish it quickly. This learning mechanic blew my mind for real. Guess what? You can freaking learn these moves from other players as well as mobs and bosses.Multiplayer duels are good as well. I enjoy competing. A fighter game more than an rpg.You plan your moves, you edit your combat deck (with the moves you've learnt), you adapt to your deck and playstyle, you will learn the other moves and their animations for quick responses (reflex dodges / parries /absorbs and the other special skill) and the most important thing is, you will enjoy doing all these.Adapting to a new deck is alway challenging. Learning about which move leads to another, cutting your combos for another mixup, openers , life savers , quick ones and the strong ones. There are some different type of moves which can lead to a dodge/hit or parry/hit even an absorb/hit. Learning these and mixing up is amazing.Another thing is, you can teach your moves to someone. That means you will be able to become a mentor! I am not talking about school thing which I will later. You can actually teach people the moves you've learnt. There is not a chat or talk system in the game so far (as I know) but you can always use steam overlay or another voice chat to communicate.Joining / creating a school sounds amazing as well. Where people can join into you school and use  your combat deck even before mastering these moves! They won't be able to edit that deck but they can use your schools fighting moves.WOW!This sounds amazing!BUT,creating a school is not an easy task. You will need to complete the main story (which won't take much of your time) and compete with other players (well you will keep learning lots of moves and styles this way) before you can create a school. Just like the masters of arts! I like the system. Where you battle your way up to top tier before creating a school makes it valuable.Well I guess I'll keep playing this game for a long time and I am sure I will enjoy every moment.I highly recommend this game to martial art lovers, fighting game lovers and analytic players who like to customize every single step for their characters.---You will need a decent pc and a decent connection to compete with other players I guess (reflex moves are important like in every fighting game).---Hope to see you fighting your way up to top tier, making friends and enemies. Maybe someday we can shake hands as a friend or as a wothy rival."
,Recommended,473690,34926567,Posted: 13 September,all,thespacer14,"Is it worth $30? YesShould you buy it? DependsAbsolver is a fantastic game, the combat system they have made feels so balanced, so fun, so rewarding, and so complex. The key to playing this game is learning from your mistakes, adjusting your moveset, and having patience. Think of this game as a journey you take. In the beginning you win and then you get stomped, and then you learn. You learn how to dodge certain attacks, deal with different fighting styles, and new moves from the oppopnents you've beaten.If you care about a long enjoyable PVE experience then don't get this game. If you care about an excellent combat system which you take time to perfect your own unique moveset as well as enjoyable PVP then buy it.The game initially had terrible problems with the servers always down but since the patch I have had none of these problems. There is no guide to teach you how to fight, no friends to help you gank, no easily exploitable weaknesses. IF you have patience and the willingness to lean then definetly buy Absolver."
76561198021909770,Recommended,473690,34605488,Posted: 30 August,all,CarrancaX,"Beautiful atmosphere, amazing music, visceral combat and above at all responsive controls. It´s art.Prepare to grind moves and git gud."
,Recommended,473690,34594747,Posted: 29 August,all,John Stamos,Great game and it will be even better when there is more added to it.
,Recommended,473690,34722552,Posted: 3 September,all,A VERY Upset fgt,Gud gam
76561198052266906,Recommended,473690,35096833,Posted: 20 September,all,Hawk,"First things first, I think this game has a load of potential. They could do SO MUCH with both PVE and PVP, it could become one of the greatest fighting games of all time. I will admit, this game has its issues right now. Connecting to servers is sketchy, sometimes PVP or even PVE is so infuriating you want to throw your controller against the wall, the KBM controls are abysmal, and you'll definitely run into that jerk/jerks that team up on you when you've just started and keep killing you OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN UNTIL YOU DISCONNECT OUT OF DEFEAT!!!... But I digress. This game, at its very core, is fun, sastisfying, and enjoyable. I will definitely rack up more playtime as updates come and new content is added."
,Recommended,473690,34666178,Posted: 1 September,all,Gho$T® ☃,"First PVP fight:Fought against a level 5, he wins 3 rounds, i win 2, not badSecond fight:Fought against a lv 28, im only level 3, he wins first round, i adjust my tactics and win all 3 rounds!Thrid fight:Fought against another 28, im level 5, she beats me all 3 rounds, Rematch, i win only 1 round but i learned from it!So bascially, you can adjust your fighting style to fit your style, if you keep losing, you can edit some punches/kicks until you get a fighting style that works and you start winning.Lots of new gear and styles to unlock and so far no one has had the same combos!"
,Recommended,473690,34770272,Posted: 5 September,all,p3w p3w p3w,"A fantastic game that keeps all its promises and lives up to the hype in mechanics but not much more.  It's like they spent the entirety of their brainpower coming up with the fighting system then were like, ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ guess we gotta make the rest of the game now"".  This game shines in 1v1 combat with stable connection.  In terms of PvE content this is essentially restricted to the boss fights, which are adequately challenging and do require raw mechanical skill in the way the game is designed to be played.  In terms of PvP the experience is pretty shotty.  If there's a good connection then it's a great time, otherwise it's complete♥♥♥♥♥♥  Unfortunately, I'd say your luck is about 50/50 and there isn't much you can do about it.And now for the not so good.  The environment looks really cool, but unfortunately the wow factor wears off pretty quick when you find yourself running in circles with essentially no spacial guidance or on-person rudimentary map.  The fighting system as a whole is solely meant for 1v1 yet you will find yourself constantly fighting 3v1 or 4v1, with no way to bait just a single bot to fight you.  It's like the people who designed the world never once spoke to the people that design the amazing mechanics for the game.   The single player content as a whole is enjoyable if you can get past it's flaws, but this is primarily carried on the back of the boss fights...unfortunately there's not too many.  However, due to the challenge of the bosses and the way that moves are learned by fighting against them in combat there is actually a decent amount of replayability in the bosses.  At the end of the day you will be left feeling as though the single player content is as shallow as the mechanics are deep.  The devs try to spice single player up a bit for you by allowing players to randomly enter the same world as you, unfortunately this is plagued by the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ connection issues as multiplayer.  If you happen to be a big fan of grinding for items this game isn't for you either.  You pretty much get every single player item in the first run of the game which won't take more than a few hours.  The other items are unlocked in PvP which as mentioned is a coinflip on whether the game's playable at the moment.It really is a shame that as a whole the game is a disappointment.  It's one of those games you will always find yourself wanting to play when you get home, but always end up frustrated playing.  And that's expected for fighting games.  But with Absolver this frustration isn't due to the challenge of advancing your skills in the game, but rather with the countless problems littered throughout the game.  If the devs had applied half the brain power they did on the fighting mechanics to the rest of the game this would be an easy 10/10, unfortunately that did not happen.  I know they've said that there will be continual updates, and I'm optimistic that they will scrape the♥♥♥♥♥♥off the top of what is, at it's core, a gem of a game.Pros:- Amazing 1v1 fighting system in terms of both depth and variety (this carries the ♥♥♥♥ing game)- Cool items- Complex enough to be a successful multiplayer game in the long term- Great boss fights (even worth replaying IMO)Cons:- Not sure if the single player content is as shallow as a puddly or a kiddy pool but either way it's probably not something you want to dive head first into without knowing what your buying- Glitchy across the board- Connectivity issues in general...half the time I can't connect on the login screen which just means that you play offline which can honestly be a blessing in disguise- Non 1v1 fights through the entire goddam campaign with a fighting system ONLY meant for 1V1- Single player boss fights blocked my multiplayer requirements.  Which would arguably be fine if playing multiplayer wasn't miserable half the time.- While cool there aren't many items as a whole and acquiring them is pretty easy.  No satisfaction of finally acquiring oneShould YOU buy this:Q: Were you hyped as hell for the game and don't mind spending the money?A: Buy it.  While it has it's flaws, which are large and many, at it's core the mechanics are golden and that alone will likely make it worth your time.Q: Do glaring flaws drive you insane?A: Don't buy...in it's current state...wait for them to fix all the♥♥♥♥♥♥going onQ: (Multiplayer Centric People) Do you enjoy the challenge of learning a deep fighting system and are okay with rolling the dice on stable multiplayer connection?A:  Probably worth getting even now.  The 1v1 content is honestly amazing and you definitely get a sense of marked improvement from one play session to another.Conclusion:  As a whole for the average gamer looking at this game on a whim, this game is probably not ready in its half-baked current state to warrant spending $30.  If you are a fighting veteran, someone who was hyped for the game, or don't mind recurring issues with a game then I'd say go for it.  I can't wait for more content and basic fixes to come out in the future, that should have been done before the release.  Easy 'worth it' when the issues are resolved.  I wish I could rate this a meh as I feel like that is accurate in it's current state, but I'll give it a 'Yes' mostly due to the glorious mechanics that carry the hell out of the rest of the♥♥♥♥♥♥stained experience atm.  :)  Enjoy!"
76561198085063142,Not Recommended,473690,34642240,Posted: 31 August,all,WTFspiderman,"With such a terrible camera, lag, and horrendous lock on system, any of the combat becomes immediately infuriating no matter how well made it is. Anything other than a one on one fight in a large area becomes terribly one sided after one combatant eventually gets pinned against a wall. FIX IT"
,Not Recommended,473690,34605392,Posted: 30 August,all,яσgυє,too laggy to enjoy rn
76561198163736788,Recommended,473690,34641968,Posted: 31 August,all,ZiEXEN,The best fighting game eveerrrrrrr!!!
,Recommended,473690,35281653,Posted: 28 September,all,Way,"This game is nothing short of a good job. The way the fighting moves is so fluent and works so well. Overall I think this was a good buy.Pros-Nice hand to hand combat, like a breath of fresh air-Something new for everyone-A lot of customizationCons-Is sometimes very glitchy-Servers have been not so ok (as to be expected with a new game)-Fighting is horrible when fighting more then 3 people."
76561198190645725,Recommended,473690,35336582,Posted: 30 September,all,Idk?,Amazing game with amazing features But every game has its flaws like this one has a extremely short story
,Recommended,473690,35259491,Posted: 28 September,all,Number 7,"I love this game so much, beautiful visuals and graphics, friendly enviroment, smooth and semi realistic combat, so many moves.Overall I give it 9/10-1 for short (yet awesome) campaign, but hopefully it will be continued with updates."
,Recommended,473690,35319480,Posted: 29 September,all,Magnum,"This game is really fun, I just got into Scholar Of The First Sin, played a good bit of Bloodborne and I had over 400 hours on Dark Souls 3 on my PS4, and this is a really good Melee combat game. this game was a really refeshing experience, but I will say the story, and PvP is not as good as Souls. in my opinion, it plays more like a UFC game. There was a story to becoming an absolver, and quite a few bosses, but it just doesn't feel as good as exploring the world of Dark Souls. (my souls lore recollation is a bit rusty... I know it's not called ""the world of dark souls"") I also favored how souls did items. you feel like such a basass wielding bosses, and your favorite character's Weapons and Armor, and you feel like you actually accomplished something. absolver doesn't feel that rewarding. The PvP is way too straight forward. most of the time, it's just people swinging at you for no good reason. I liked how the fights were long and drawn out. people in Dark souls take their time, and adjust, but everyone I've ever faced on here just mashes buttons, and is way too agressive.overall, I think you should pick up the game if you want something mindnumbingly simple and fun to play"
,Not Recommended,473690,34582862,Posted: 29 August,all,bladechild,"The game is currently lacking very simple quality of life aspects.The game will make the average person feel sick when scanning the camera, and there is currently no options to turn of settings like motion blur.Lack of key rebindings is a major issue, and it's hard to believe they didn't think the current stance change method was not utterly stupid. All it needed was a way to cycle with a button press, but they couldn't even give you that.Controller setup is also broke. The PS4 controller won't work in big picture mode and it took a lot of tinkering to get it to work outside it so that button presses weren't bypassed.This game came out of the box feeling pretty rushed. Needs more attention.So I'll edit with a few points on the actual content... meh, it's a great concept which will ultimately be brought down with its PvP focus, but I guess you can't complain too much as that is what it was advertized as. That said, the PvE portion of this game is terrible. 1v3 fights were made for co-op play, and are incredibly tedious solo. The game is also incredibly short and shallow, offering nothing outside the endgame PvP.The combat itself is very deep, and probably will please a few PvP enthusiasts. However, it seems like there are a lot of imbalances. Dodging could really do with the minutist of i-frames and blocking weaker attacks could do with taking more stamina. And the way stamina recovers after a break doesn't look right either - doesn't seem like you are rewarded at all for beating your opponent into submission."
,Not Recommended,473690,34588390,Posted: 29 August,all,kanami,refunded immedietely
,Not Recommended,473690,34618269,Posted: 30 August,all,Cpt. Facetime,"Game has great potential,however no servers in oce makes the game an unplayable laggy mess.Wait for new servers to be added+build your own fight deck+graphic styleupdate:still no OCE serversno anti-cheat means hackers are having their way with prospectsSaved file corruption is causing people to lose their characters and progress.Bugs of all sizes;seems like the release button was hit a little early,"
,Not Recommended,473690,34582554,Posted: 29 August,all,Ronin,It's another terrible direct console port provided to you by former Ubisoft employees.  Any ultrawide user should avoid this game as it does not support 21:9 resolutions as well.
,Not Recommended,473690,34590744,Posted: 29 August,all,tito dick dickman baby,"deep combat system aka mashing 1 buttonthey couldnt make enemies challenging so they just put a lot of them against you for artificial difficulty, because game is designed to fight 1-2 enemies at bestsounds familiar, oh right, that other bad game, dark soulsi think youre supposed to make your own attack combos except ui is atrocious tutorial for it is non existent and figuring out which combos actually work and are imbalanced would take more than 2 hours so i wont be able to refund itoh also no matchmaking so you will fight ♥♥♥♥♥♥s who masturbated this game since jews gave it to them before everyone else was able to play and there was no wipe tooalso servers dont worknice launch r e t a r d s (i spelled it so its uncensored, you deserve it)"
,Not Recommended,473690,34707623,Posted: 3 September,all,Poji,"Sorry, game is waaaaay too clunky for me. honestly the animations are only okay. The linking moves, do not feel fluid."
,Not Recommended,473690,34766026,Posted: 5 September,all,Skeleton-Yoshi,BE WARNED. SPAMMING IS A HEAVY CONCEPT OF PVP FOR PEOPLE IN THIS GAME.i literally ran into somone named Press_X4_Sexhe spammed the whole match obviouslyother than the spamming issue the game is alot of fun !
,Not Recommended,473690,34585571,Posted: 29 August,all,Doum,ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,473690,34587093,Posted: 29 August,all,[Nomad] Sister,"Have you ever wondered what it's like to be the weakest inmate in a maximum security prison? Do you have aspirations of being 'Bubba's ♥♥♥♥♥' in the mess hall? Then look no further than gangbang simulator '17 where you'll be put into unarmed combat against the entire population of China with no ability to dodge, counter or defend yourself in any way. Here in the land of Absolver, numbers mean nothing as the enemy will surely outnumber and surround you in every encounter you find yourself in. So look no further and don't bother tightening that belt, weary traveler!"
,Recommended,473690,34582491,Posted: 29 August,all,Zavelin,gud game
76561197997640492,Not Recommended,473690,34581519,Posted: 29 August,all,SimLec,"i realy love the martial art part , the design is nice , the combat system is realy nice but : most player just spam and gangbang you so it endup frustrating like darksouls with the invasion but more often and without warning everywhere.i ask for refound because the game only have combat so  since i notice that i would be bored fast.... so the game is good and bieutifull ...but player just ..... i realise i didint want to get gud since it will become boring."
76561198131657173,Recommended,473690,34605406,Posted: 30 August,all,Dodozy,nice hocam
76561198112048588,Not Recommended,473690,34804000,Posted: 7 September,all,ImpulsiveSpoon,"Laging and unfullfilling plot, but hey, guess you can punch and kick stuff in offline."
,Not Recommended,473690,34707591,Posted: 3 September,all,KEGruber,"I came into this game expecting to refund it.I thought the combat system was the only cool part about this. What I don't understand is why the story mode pits you against 5 or 6 AI enemies plus one of the named guys you're supposed to defeat in order to advance the story, Maybe I just wasn't that great that being able to switch between multiple enemies well, but crap it was nearly impossible to do it.You can group up with other people, but no idea how to do it. I would get invites from others with no clue how to send an invite myself. Same with emotes. From what I could tell, no in-game voice chat.The 1v1 PVP portion seemed pretty nice until I got a map that has fall deaths on it. The exact reason why I haven't gotten For Honor. Would also randomly get pulled out of the math and then not be able to start a new session.So, after about an hour and a half of playing the game, decided to refund it. Not my cup of tea."
,Not Recommended,473690,34596421,Posted: 29 August,all,🅴🆁🆄🅴🅺🅰,Button Mashy and boring.No storynothing really there.combat is sorta fun but For Honor was better.
76561198139507564,Not Recommended,473690,34617843,Posted: 30 August,all,Akashi Seijūrō,this game has 2 hours worth of content
76561198314258228,Not Recommended,473690,34735374,Posted: 4 September,all,W34THER,"Enemies gank you in a game with a 1v1 combat format, falling down 4ft means instant death, basically every enemy has the same basic lol super armor skill to go through ANYTHING,And the severs are down constantly."
76561198208781640,Not Recommended,473690,34675219,Posted: 1 September,all,TietietheProfit,"I would love to tell you about all the pros and cons of this game, sadly I only know one for each.-ProIt looks like a good looking game from the main menu-ConI can't make a character.You can decide weather or not you feel like dealing with this headache.P.S this is the first review I've ever done for a game, thats how bad this problem is."
,Not Recommended,473690,34595424,Posted: 29 August,all,Bitvar,"Lukewarm VomitScummy developers advertise all their trailers in 21:9 format, and even say that ultrawide monitors are supported. What ""supported"" means is 16:9 on a 21:9 screen with pillar boxes. Frankly this is disgusting and I'm in the process of filing an FTC complaint for bait & switch practices (illegal). Not only that but 90% of the game, the online, is locked away due to the online simply not working. All in all I am highly disappointed. I don't know how Devolver Digital let this out under their brand without verifying♥♥♥♥♥♥works. I'll never buy another one of their published titles before launch again."
76561198056681239,Not Recommended,473690,34622919,Posted: 30 August,all,FurthestBen,"What can I say about absolver without sounding like an angry person....mmmmFirst things first let me start off with a positive. The game is fun, it's combat is amazing and the world is very interesting...if the game would work.Let me say that none of these problems will be fixed in 2 weeks or even a month. There are so many problems with the game right now that they simply cannot be fixed easily. The launch of this game was so bad that half of the people that got it cannot even play it.Don't let my playtime fool you, about 3.5 hours of that was in loading screens and trying to fix the game. The rest was expriencing bugs and glitches.Bugs and glitches -- 20+ min loading screens...I'm not joking. If you love loading screens then you will not mind...though you should just stare at a black screen for the past 20 mins. I can assure you it's free.- Invisible enemies and lost icons and images. These would either take a good amount of time to load or never load at all. You'd think expriencing a 20+ min load time would change that....nope.- Server problems left and right. Yep, if you are in some regions you simply cannot play online...have fun. Also the lag is pretty extreme. Like release day of for honor extreme, and for honor was a triple A company so expect it to happen for about a month with a smaller team of people.- loss of characters. You can randomly lose your character if you just turn of the game at some points...yep all that progress *pop* GONE. Enjoy breaking your monitor is rage after expriencing server problems, loading times and missing enemies before this happens.- Freezes and crashings. OH you think that was it!? Nope, time for crashes when you make that new character you lost for even more rage. You might find deleting the game is the cure...I recommend it...also refund it if you can.I could mention so, so much more. However I feel like I'd just♥♥♥♥♥♥off even more fan boys because the game works ""perfectly"" for them when the other half of the community suffer in silence when the rest decides to say ""f*** you"" to them.Short version: DON'T BUY THIS BROKEN GAME!*Opens arms for hate from fanboys*"
76561198005952118,Not Recommended,473690,34969073,Posted: 15 September,all,Nozdrum,Does not explain basic mechanics. If I you are fine with watching 2 hours worth of youtube explanations of how the basics of the basics work it might be playable.
,Recommended,473690,34621444,Posted: 30 August,all,(DG) SirAngry,"To start off i really like the game the graphic's the fighting the scenery the layout and the cloth physics are really good and beautiful i have only one problem im from the EU and i would like to play with my mate from the US but i cant. Region lock in my opinion is a bit silly if you want people to enjoy the game you would let them play with there friends instead of being separated, you might get more enjoyable reviews about gameplay if you would let people play with there friends. Overall a really lovely game just wish i could play with my friend."
,Not Recommended,473690,34698377,Posted: 2 September,all,Drogus►,"Absolver is a good game with great potential. It was fun running around with friends and fighting groups of enemies. The PvE is pretty fun. But the PvP is where the problem is at.Absolver PvP is meant to learn and adapt to the opponents move set. But the with mobility, it's a pretty big learning curve if you fight opponents that have high mobility and speed. I've learned that as a Forsaken, I'm commonly getting shredded by Windfall and Stagger due to the speed. It almost makes it impossible to parry or even dodge and more times than not I find myself being in a state where I can't even really hit the opponent. And even if I do manage to land a parry, it doesn't stun the opponent long enough to be able to strike. (I've tried different builds, and I've tried both normal and fast speeds, no different results, I believe it's just because of the Forsaken defense ability)That's coming from my Forsaken point of view. The first character I made was a Windfall character which I progressed more in to PvP. As a Windfall character I had a completely different experience. I was winning more than losing. Although I'd have somewhat difficult with Kahlts but most of them are pretty beefy so it's kind of part of their nature. Fighting against Windfalls as a Windfall is pretty intense and is pretty equal because usually if you kind find yourself dodging your opponents attack you can land a hit. But again with Forsaken, I would usually just shred through them without a problem.With how people are doing speed builds, it makes me hesitate to even try out Kahlt in PvP. I do enjoy the game, and I enjoy all the aspects of it, but like every other game, it has it's flaws. It's hard to learn how to ""git gud"" with slower classes if all you're really going up against is faster classes who tear through your stamina then proceeds through to your health.All in all, Windfall seems to just tear through everything because of their defensive ability and natural speed.Now for the not so PvP related things, there's plenty of bugs and there's just not enough content to be worth $30. The game isn't marked as an Early Access game which will lead some people to believe that there's still a lot yet to come. I do believe there's more to come, but at it's current state it's not worth the money. The world has many bugs that include you being trapped, falling through the map, game completely going black when you are knocked out(has happened to me and many of my friends), and the lag. The game doesn't really have a single player, you're put in to a lone world but people can come and go. Which is pretty bad because you're still constantly in a server which has the potential to lag. If the lag is on your end, you're unable to attack so you sit defenseless as the enemy beats you down.The game doesn't have a whole lot of bugs, but what bugs it does have, are pretty game breaking.The thought is good, and even though there's a lot of negatives, I'll still find myself playing it. But currently I cannot recommend it at it's current price of $30 with the PvP imbalances, constant server crashes, in-game bugs, and the lack of content."
76561198109693717,Not Recommended,473690,34752318,Posted: 5 September,all,Commander-in-chief,"Controls are bad, but controls with Keyboard and Mouse are just disgustingly horrible. Don't bother buying if you don't own or plan on buying a controller. Game also runs HOT on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ (but capable on running other more demanding games at under 90*C) system. The game is popular because it was heavily promoted on other fighting game YouTube channels (which i respect as a marketing strategy) alas it is nothing like those games. The only thing i regret is  trying to give it a chance to grow on me and waste time trying to tinker with controls since  that made me go over the 2 hour refund period and now it will forever rot in my library.Pros: None. You have skills and styles. You gotta catch em all and you wanna be the very best."
76561198056340581,Not Recommended,473690,34584250,Posted: 29 August,all,Ambra,"Something about getting gangbanged by 4 NPC's at once is not appealing, I wonder why. Refunded."
,Not Recommended,473690,34692467,Posted: 2 September,all,iloveroutine,"I wanted to like this game  so much. Visually it's very pretty, but the gameplay is way too frustrating for very little gain. The combat deck is quite an innovative idea, but you have so few moves to choose from initially and even then restricted by the moves to can have in each slot, that it's not quite as freeform as you might think."
,Not Recommended,473690,34767228,Posted: 5 September,all,ShamefulMoss,pve is about 5 hours max of gameplay if your slow and pvp is a broken exploit and hack fest ridiculouse that they expect £25 for this i completed the story and got to pvp in under 2 hours that is not even close to worth the money only good thing is it was so short i could still refund it
,Not Recommended,473690,34638276,Posted: 31 August,all,JuicyDog,"I'm a bit disappointed in the game TBH.Menus are super confusing, and I find that the combat isn't quite as good as For Honor. It's a bit simpler, but at the same time more complicated.In order to perform some moves, you have to move the wheel in that direction, but then some moves rotate in between each other where as others do not. It's not always entirely clear why. To edit moves as well, you have to jump through a few menu hoops which just feels slow and like it takes too much time to edit your moves. I can see theory crafters really liking this system.The game really is like Dark Souls as well, with no map, direction, story direction, or any sort of tutorial besides the first 10 minutes. Every time you die, you also lose progress in the level and you have to fight the same enemies over.In some ways, I just want to PVP, not play the single player maze levels to gain exp and level up. Fighting AI opponents isn't that satisfying for me. But it's needed to gain skills and the like.That's the thing about For Honor, the campaign was entirely skippable. (However, that game's PVP matchmaking was ♥♥♥♥ed beyond belief--and it looks like this game has similar problems till ranked is released).It's a shame, since I really like melee fighting games--or at least the idea. The social mechanics in this game seem really cool too, but I would have liked proximity voice chat to solidify the experience.It seems I just lost patience with this already, with the game's ""hardcore"" game design narrative, despite how friendly and approachable the graphics may seem."
76561198037646158,Not Recommended,473690,34759166,Posted: 5 September,all,phongn1,bad server for SAE
,Not Recommended,473690,34694020,Posted: 2 September,all,Maugres,"At its core the game is great but the several small issues surrounding the core fighting are enough to make ne not recommend this game. Let's start with the styles. At the time of writing this, the only styles whose effects are worth using are Forsaken (parry) and stagger (dodge into an attack). these of 2 of the 4 styles and stagger must be unlocked. the other two styles Khalit (absorb) and windfall (dodge) are simply lesser versions of the above two.That aside the only method to learn new moves requires that you prolong fights and let an AI hit your guard or to use your classes skill to negate them (note: absorb users would die to do this) and this take quite some time and is extremely boring as all you do is block in what is otherwise a well-paced game.Servers are copnstantly down and the times that they are up the multiplayer is laggy (though when I played with friends I had no issues)  and coop is constantly broken as hitting an Allie a few times starts a fight with them.All in all. the core gameplay is great but not worth the cover price and the game feels like it was launched incomplete. Get it for $10 or don't get it at all."
76561198204851504,Not Recommended,473690,34625128,Posted: 30 August,all,mRgOOdGood,"Its Dishonered 2 all over again, they just dont care about the PC ports.Oher than that its a great game, just wish they included nut shots.Thanks Devolver please clutch my♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,473690,34692520,Posted: 2 September,all,KABOOM,"Too Lag,Server need some improvement"
,Not Recommended,473690,35167555,Posted: 23 September,all,Fiskmixen ☁,"Really boring ♥♥♥♥ing game, no content and you meet people at max level when you are level 20. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game"
76561198023533244,Not Recommended,473690,34747194,Posted: 4 September,all,Finalspirit,Prosthe Strategy around the moves can be so addicting.pvp is a Git Gud :)Cons:Lack of Pve contentServers are Terrible in NAFashion is badoverall:altough all the fighting mechanics are really cool and the Decks amazing...pve to limitedstory is poor and pvp cant be played because the servers are a mess.cant recomend this to anny 1 unless they are try hards like me and whant to spend the time colecting the moves on offline mode like i am doing right now...
76561198092574782,Recommended,473690,34991703,Posted: 16 September,all,badbum,i dont mind its good but pvp is not that good because people just spam their moves and no matter what you do you still lose to their spam. i would probaly play it more if it was hard to spam.
76561198025334488,Recommended,473690,34596851,Posted: 29 August,all,MrSushi,~~~~~~EVERYBODY LOVES KUNGFU FIGHTING~~~~~~ HEYYEEAAH!
,Not Recommended,473690,35027892,Posted: 17 September,all,Kr0nas,Lag. So much lag. You can't play a game that requires time to lag. Can not do it.
76561198085517079,Not Recommended,473690,34743826,Posted: 4 September,all,thebestpupper91,Can't even play the game!
,Not Recommended,473690,34628386,Posted: 31 August,all,willlangford6321,I have been looking forward to this game since I heard about the release. I just picked the game up and played it for a few hours. the combat system is fun but can be very clunky and buggy at times to the point where even in PvE it is difficult to play. PvP is very well rounded but with the buggy and clunky combat system as of now I would not recommend this game. It has lots of potential and with a few bug fixes and some refining on the combat system I think it would be a great game. I can get past the graphics but if you are a person who likes good graphics in a game this is not that game. It looks like everything is Claymation. When the combat system is working as intended this game is very fun but then you get into the buggy parts and the clunky swaps in certain attacks and it gets aggravating. I hope to be able to give this game a thumbs up in the near future.
,Not Recommended,473690,34692085,Posted: 2 September,all,Metromurph,as you can see i have 0.1 hours on this game which is because ive had this game for 2 or 3 days now and have not been able to create my character because every time i click on new game it crashes so you know dont know what the games like but at heart the game seems promising if we could just fix the bugs and stuff it would be an amazing game but right now i do not recommend this game but this review will change once things are fixed
76561198144500930,Not Recommended,473690,34639477,Posted: 31 August,all,Unseen Shadow,"Boss didnt show up after cutscene,pls fix this quickly"
,Recommended,473690,34717295,Posted: 3 September,all,HiredHitman,"Simply put, if you dislike this game that is perfectly fine. That just shows that you do not have a open mind to take in the full experience. you dont have the open mind in which it takes to create complicated combos, and at that remember them.In this game NOTHING comes easy, thats why it satisfiying to win a fight or to find your rival. Eberything is a stepping stone that your anxious & eager to get over.(My first ever comment on steam, and its on Absolver..... Yeah definently worth it)"
76561198043599021,Not Recommended,473690,34645367,Posted: 31 August,all,12 blunts a day,"0/10 Stunlock simulator the game ladies and gentlemen.  All that happens is you get stunlocked you get stunlocked and you get stunlocked.  Thats thw whole game.  Theres no depth, just stunlocks, theres no fun, just stunlocks, thers no origonality, just more stunlocks.  Its♥♥♥♥♥♥ trash garbage, less than nothing.  it almost becomes bareable when you are in a 1v1 scenario (but even then 100% of attacks stunlock to death) but of course the game forces you to fight multiple people at once constantly and that gurentees stunlock to death from the first attack landed.  Absolutely do not buy, From start to finish theres nothing and I mean NOTHING but getting stunlocked."
76561198073079083,Not Recommended,473690,34734659,Posted: 4 September,all,RadioactiveCurry,"not really that great of a game. Its a bit laggy at times, but its prolly cause theres no sea servers yet. Also, matchmaking is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198313516482,Not Recommended,473690,34712941,Posted: 3 September,all,c.s.scott8,"Would not recommend it, the 1 on 1 figting is amazing, however, once you are being jumped by four different people....not so much. Played for two hours and promptly got my money back."
76561198056782715,Recommended,473690,34734264,Posted: 4 September,all,pitbugx,This is an awesome game!
,Not Recommended,473690,34612405,Posted: 30 August,all,The Police,nah
,Recommended,473690,34740382,Posted: 4 September,all,Icon,G u d g a m e
,Not Recommended,473690,34895458,Posted: 11 September,all,May,"Worst game ever.It says it is finished, but the game actually feels like a chinese indie game.Graphics are total piece of sh#t and game bugs and lags  like a living hell.If you played 2 hours or less, refund it.It is better not playing it. Serious.Maybe it might be better in the future, but now it is a bloody shi.t game"
76561198043287134,Not Recommended,473690,34850653,Posted: 9 September,all,Deleroko Lusida,"Dark souls 3 came to an end, a new title with something like it came out, got it and played it...I dont like it. Ill play it till my hands are bloody and eyes fall from my Sockets but never do I feel any less angry for any one screw up, thats just in PVE. Dont play and Fight in PVP... Its not Worth it.PVE at first was extreamly challanging. The first boss you fight before even entering the main online Area could hit you and block your attacks faster then human, plus hit for 3 times your damage at level 1 or 2... and it simple gets worse from them on.PVP. I have always hated PVP games I cant Always have the upperhand in. Dark souls 3 Always had Some upper hand over my opponent. This game has no such hidden Solution. Sadly the PVP is full of Spamming cheep♥♥♥♥♥tactice Scum. That a broad statment but ill clarify, Your Streamer that plays the game well. Sure he can be skilled and legit and tactical with his chooses, however when Someone they fight is just spamming♥♥♥♥♥♥attacks, they commplain. Sadly of those skilled players I only found one of that I could actually have a full match with with out getting spammed in to the ground. Out of three Characters, all with Diffrent movesets and even diffrent fighting styles. That was out of 10 matches between them all. 1 out of 10, thats my rating for PVP.Possitives. The games Relaxing when your not being fudge packed by players or two or three on one NPC placement... one on one fights to learn moves against NPC is about the only understandable thing. Block till they throw a final move then block or dodge that and repeat.Negitives. The Hole damn PVP player base... Yes I can be called skilless and A casual. I was in Dark souls 3 and I enjoyed that more then I enjoyed playing this... I died less in PVP in Dark souls 3 then in Absolver... Sure ill keep playing just to play in PVE but if anyone Dares to start a fight with me while Im trying to Relax. Screw what moves I was learning Im quitting the game on them. I will gladly sit and relearn something for an hour then give some♥♥♥♥♥♥head free XP.The date is 9/9/2017 9:21 evening of catigory five hurricane Irma and Spent my last 2 hours trying the PVP experance, Id rather have Sat in the 150 mile an hour winds and risk being impaled."
,Not Recommended,473690,34650999,Posted: 31 August,all,Romeo615 Playing In VR,I wasted my money on this...Feels like it was made in the ps2 era. Menu loading into 2 screens to leave a duel is so old school. The servers always go down. Not many people playing. And it down right feels sloppy and very dated. Controls dont respond overall skip this...NOT WORTH YOUR MONEYBe Warned!!!!
76561198309668182,Not Recommended,473690,34822063,Posted: 8 September,all,El King,"getting gangbanged by random ♥♥♥♥ in groups of 2-3 revied and killed again and again, attacks that track you so much you cant evan evade it. stunlocked for ever. and cancer pvp builds with shards give you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥permaheal. ♥♥♥♥ OFF, TRASH GAME BALANCER! buy onlyif you want cancer, idc."
,Not Recommended,473690,34702648,Posted: 2 September,all,Centurion Justinius,"So, what the ♥♥♥♥ was the point of a closed beta if this game is STILL ♥♥♥♥ING UNPOLISHED.♥♥♥♥♥♥SERVERS IN A CONSTANT ONLINE GAME DOES NOT A FUN GAME MAKE."
76561198036176871,Not Recommended,473690,34625868,Posted: 30 August,all,T7a7c7o,"Great, I love having to run for 3 minutes to rejoin my party after we die. Why would we just let you join groups? No, let's make it irritating enough that people will stop playing after an hour of struggling just to stay in a group."
76561197993398060,Not Recommended,473690,34602266,Posted: 30 August,all,Hugglez,"OCE  BEWAREI rarely ever leave reviews, but I was absolutely looking forward to this and grabbed thinkin my weekend was sorted. Game is amazing, was really starting to like the parry style, gfx are nice to look at, smooth as silk.And then I stepped into pvp.Wasnt aware there were no OCE servers. Refunding until they do."
,Recommended,473690,35230767,Posted: 26 September,all,heymanwhynot,This good game. Would recommend. Very good. I enjoy much like I enjoy life. life is good. so good. spent 25 hous offline grinding moves becuae life is grat. oh no the cops are here . gootaa go boys. and girls. I ain't no sexist.
,Recommended,473690,35506984,Posted: 5 October,all,Ginny Weasley,Its a pretty good
76561198058737002,Recommended,473690,35312507,Posted: 29 September,all,Phaon,yes
76561198133802503,Recommended,473690,35276377,Posted: 28 September,all,Nicho,"Thiss game is super fun if you're into pvp games and fighting games, if you're thinking about getting this game for the ""story"", don't lol, this is primarily a pvp game and unless that's what you want you probably will have only a few hours of fun time with this game. That being said, if you like fighting games, THIS GAME IS SO FUN!!! The pvp really allows you to play mind games and display skill and strategy in what can be fast paced exchanges or slow paced methodic matches xD I really enjoy this game :P If you're a fan of games like dark souls or for honor chances are you'll get a kick out of it too"
,Not Recommended,473690,34588584,Posted: 29 August,all,[DD] Aelyndir,"Absolver is an interesting beast. It's neither as good or as bad as comparable titles, fitting in somewhat of a weird spot.  The gameplay can be infuriating, annoying and clunky, Or it will venture over to pushing you against a wall and making the camera angle be as unplayable as possible. Sometimes, though, you reach a point of really enjoying it, forcing yourself through the iffy camera angles and the somewhat unfair ganging up of enemies. Frankly, 4 hours of play in and I'm feeling a migraine coming on with the way that the camera controls.Of course, people will compare this game to dark souls, and I'll do that only if to compare it's complete utter lack of story and lack of environmental clues to storyline. It's devoid of interesting PVE content, and could be completed in 1-2 hours if you put yourself to it.Visually, this game is unique, though not stunning. Character design is bland and items feel uninteresting, though fitting into the scene of the game. Level design was interesting in that it did make some interesting areas to fight in, not having it be a room to room arena trawl, but more of a crawling experience.Multiplayer elements are frustrating, you'll often find yourself getting ganged upon, forced into corners or generally ♥♥♥♥ed over, and if that doesn't push you into offline mode, then this next part will probably turn you off from the game entirely. There is absolutely no cross region play, whatsoever. This is a major turnoff, the fact that the game completely railroads you into playing in one region, with no possibility of switching.Tbh, just go play hyper light drifter, it's got better gameplay and character design."
,Not Recommended,473690,34581690,Posted: 29 August,all,Horn,"Game work quite well for me, graphic is beauty in it own way. But sometime it crash and I have to reload it. Hope you guys can fix it. Also please make your character able to swim, or atleast build something more logical. Like I mean a martial art can't jump to the other side while it only 2 meter far away. And the way they die in water very silly like a rag doll. I wouldn't suggest buying it at the moment. Maybe in the future. Especially when they fix the stupid spam weak attack of wind fall."
,Not Recommended,473690,34629704,Posted: 31 August,all,Pickle Dick,"I literally beat the game in an hour.. The only thing to do after this is either fighting regular ai or re fighting bosses, OR you can repeatedly fight in online PvP in 1v1's 3'3s and so on. This game is not worth the 30 dollar price point, 5 dollars would be more acceptable for a 1 to 2 hour long campaign which is only extended because youre confused as to where youre supposed to go the entire time. Not to mention the horrible servers to the point where my opponents in 1v1 are constantly flying across the map. Then again it did just release so that might change. The combat is really not that ""complex"", as long as you have a 10 hit combo where you just click one button constantly you can beat anyone. Ive had the same combat deck since the first renovation i made 15 minutes into the game. 6/10 good idea, wrong price point, not enough content."
,Recommended,473690,34626876,Posted: 30 August,all,Winstoned,"Game is great, people who disagree are bad."
,Not Recommended,473690,34762606,Posted: 5 September,all,Derek,DONT BUY SERVERS DONT WORK THERE IS NO PVE
76561198147966812,Not Recommended,473690,35096164,Posted: 20 September,all,Guggers,"The game is well, a total grindfest. Thats it. Your either grinding for moves or leveling up your combat trials. I have 20+ hours on this game. I finished it on hour 7. Thinking there was more i kept playing. To no avail. Dont but this game"
,Not Recommended,473690,34587185,Posted: 29 August,all,Stavros,"no descriptive walk through in tutorial, sorta guess your way path so terrible .... this review is 33 minutes in and i just wanted to gtfo of there. NO CHAT ... like why ? Tekken Meets second life without talking or cloths designing patheticwith all these positive reviews i call ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on this game its trash"
,Not Recommended,473690,34587442,Posted: 29 August,all,praF ☠,"Well first of all i would like to say that is a big mistake that you did not implement the market into the game. Lot/drop items to be marketable,even if that may influence the game at least there are people who farm on it.Overall i was kinda dissapointed of it...not even The Division pre-order was not that dissapointed like this one is...i can not recomend this game yet,you guys need to fix alot on the game. It is repetitive,you just punch/punch/press 4 buttons and 2 clicks and punch and punch again...lots of fun what can i say :)"
,Not Recommended,473690,34587283,Posted: 29 August,all,BLINGLE BLING BLINGO,"Okay, Here's the thing, I like Absolver. It's a really great game, and it is way better than that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥called ""For Honor."" But right now, Absolver has many issues, and if you haven't bought the game, you should defintely wait till these issues are fixed.What are those issues? Well let me till you them...1. Mostly 90% of the time you die, your screen goes black and you have to restart the game in order to fix it, this is the main issue for me that makes me unable to play the game and it needs to fixed immediately.2. Rubberbanding, Rubberbanding, Rubberbanding!!!!!!!!!!!3. Region-locked, not the biggest issue, but for an online game, I'm quite surprised that it's region-locked and I don't think it should be.4. A few annoying graphical issues and you are unable to turn some of them off. One of the biggest issues for me is the motion blur because when you moving the camera it's like a ghost is coming out of your player avatar. Other issues are assets not loading right away, but that problem is very rare.Now before you say, ""Oh, you probably need to upgrade your specs, let me list them out for you.""CPU: Ryzen 5 1600x, overclocked to 4.0GPU: GTX 1060 6gbSSD: Patriot Ignite 960gbRam: G.Skill 3200mhz (running 2133mhz now), 16gb.Either way, the gameplay is great and I love the combat deck system in the game, I absolutely fell in love with it, but unfortunately, I must say no to this game now for people who haven't purchased. Wait till the issues are fixed by the devs, and then get this game. You won't be dissapointed afterwards."
,Not Recommended,473690,34766823,Posted: 5 September,all,Ｃ Ｏ Ｒ Ｐ Ｓ Ｅ,"When you make a souls-like game, you've really gotta do it right. Absolver doesn't come close to doing it right. The game is like Lords of the Fallen, stuffed with enemies that are just downright unfair, and the game rarely lets you fight one at a time. I don't have friends that enjoy souls-like games, so I can't just gank my way through this title.Developers should just stop trying to mimic the success of Dark Souls, because they never come close. The only game that came close to being Dark Souls, but wasn't, was BLOODBORNE. Which was made by the same devs as DS!Some main factors of my refund on this game are that fact that it throws at least 4 paths for you to go on, they're litered with enemies at random, and there is no skill-type barrier on them. It tries to mimic Firelink shrine with some sort of... Hub, but fails. There is no ease into these areas, there's just a flat tutorial, some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who says he'll help you (but doesn't.), then BOOM, you're thrown into the world. Players join in and beat the ♥♥♥♥ out of you, AI beats the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, you find places with holes in the floor that you can't fall into, and places with perfect floors that you fall through. It doesn't feel play-tested. I might buy it again in the future, but they're going to have to beef up the mechanics and squash those bugs."
,Not Recommended,473690,34589950,Posted: 29 August,all,Transaction Jackson,"Very enjoyable gameplay, aesthetics, sound design etc.However to implement hard region locking on what is essentially a fighting game, including inviting people from your friends list, is idiotic.I'd have looked the other way if I could have at least janked together some 1v1s with my friends, but there's currently no way around this.If playing with friends from other countries matters to you a lot then be advised, if it doesn't matter to you at all go for it."
,Not Recommended,473690,34684617,Posted: 2 September,all,Louis,great game but the seriver too suck
76561198052353856,Not Recommended,473690,34868783,Posted: 10 September,all,LordPenelope,"TLDR; This game sucks. The narrative is nonexistant. The fighting mechanics are skewed in one direction, mostly never in yours. Item drops are rare and repetitive. Learning new moves is so slow Warframe seems like a fast paced game. 1 class to rule them all, if you choose wrong you'll pay for it over and over again. And most importantly it's not fun. It'll be fun for like the first two days but then you'll notice how aggressive all the other players are and you'll continue to lose unless you're fighting someone who is woefully wearker than you. Go buy something else.THIS GAME IS NOT FUN! Which is the point of a game. I started out loving this game. Then as I got deeper into the meat of the game that is their 1v1 fights all of the flaws this game has started to appear. If you're looking for a great fighting game with a supportive community go somewhere else. So whats wrong with this game?-The story is nonexistant. Which is a shame cause it's a beautiful world and they allude to a rich world filled with bad guys, magic, and interdimensional planes of existance. They did the same thing Destiny did, they built a complex world but then forgot to tell the player about it. Why should you care to become an ""Absolver?"" Well I don't know and nobody else does either.-Equipment is EVERYTHING!! And that sounds great at first but it just puts a huge dent into the game mechanics. If you want to be protected and agile in just the right way for how you play you need a wide variety of equipment to experiment with. Problem is, they give you almost none during the single player story and item drops from enemy NPC's are basically nonexistant. The only other way to get equipment is from 1v1 matches, which it takes 5 individual wins in a match or 5 match losses to get a single piece of equipment. And you are not guaranteed a piece of equipment you don't already have. Your inventory will be taken up by duplicates of the same item and you will probably use 1/4 of what you get.-Learning new moves takes way to long and the only way to learn them is to constantly block. You can sit there playing the game for hours blocking every hit you take and still only learn maybe 1 out of the plethora of moves the game offers. Along with equipment, your moveset is the most important thing in this game and after weeks of playing this game I have still yet to learn more than a handful of new moves.-1v1 matches are the biggest problem this game has. It's the only way you can possible get any good equipment but good item drops from them are extremely rare. But the biggest problem the focus of this game has is that it doesn't level the playing field between players. If you go in at level 1 there is nothing stoping the game from matching you with someone who is level 60, or if there is it doesn't work very well. Since equipment and move sets are everything in this game you will probably spend most of your time losing every 1v1 match unless you know somebody who can teach you the more advanced moves. If your advice is ""git gud"" I got one thing to say, you can't pit a novice against a master and expect them to learn anything. That's not how it works and yet this  games seems to think that. The AI are way too easy and when you play another player they are likely to be beyond your skill.-There is clearly one class that's the best. Out of the three classes you can choose from 2/3 are almost completely useless against the 3rd. The agile class is the worst, supposedly the fastest class with an emphisis on light armor and fast moves doesn't move any faster than the other classes. The defensive class will allow you to absorb damage and regain health back but it won't do you any good if you can't hit your opponent. The last and best class allows you to completely stun your opponent for a time period that is way to long. This gives way to contant stun spamming by adepts never allowing your to learn from your mistakes or to block an attack an learn it.To rap this up I uninstalled this game. It was a waste of $30. If you have the money buy something else like Hellblade or something similar. You'll have a better experience and you'll have fun."
,Not Recommended,473690,34785371,Posted: 6 September,all,stallwoe,Terrible match making.  Pros vs noobs all day.
,Not Recommended,473690,34779285,Posted: 6 September,all,NHK,кал
76561197983932401,Not Recommended,473690,34738108,Posted: 4 September,all,Store_Bought_Lettuce,Have had the game for 3 days. Have tried to play it 3 times. EVERY TIME the servers have been down. Cool to know i bought a game from a developer that has no idea what they're doing. Keep up the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ work guys!
,Not Recommended,473690,34605288,Posted: 30 August,all,Phazington,Disappointing.
76561198106296040,Not Recommended,473690,35363042,Posted: 30 September,all,Izanagi,"Yes i though this game was interesting but heres some things ive come to learn.1.It will get harder, and harder, and harder to beat your enemies the more you lvl and kill them, they just get stronger and faster.2.No matter how you start off it will still be harder than dark souls3.Enemies will still hit you even though you dodge, theyll just roll hit you.4.Enemies can basically infinite block/dodge all they F********* want.was this game fun as i lvled to lvl 17 on one of 3 characters, no, this game is very frustrating, but you must think oh boo hoo, youre bad, no, this game will kill you over and over and over with its bad hit detection and brokenly strong ai, yes its a very neat and cool game, but if you have a hard on for a torturos game, then buy this..."
76561198007533049,Not Recommended,473690,34598373,Posted: 29 August,all,LinkZeppeloyd,"I was looking forward to this, but I'm not really willing to get a console controller to play one game. I fully realize that fighting games are just sort of meant for controllers, kinda like M+KB is just physically superior for most other types of games, especially shooters.I refunded, despite liking aspects of it, because I could tell pretty fast that there are a few necessary moves types that are just going to be a nightmare on M+KB. Sucks, but as a PC gamer I need to not get fighting games anymore. Lame. LAME."
,Not Recommended,473690,34614145,Posted: 30 August,all,·Ręąpęŗ·,"Servers down on launchGame takes 6-7 Minutes to loadServers crash on 8.30.2017 at 12:46 PM CST.Mind you it's also made by ex ubisoft developers (i.e. Uwait)Refunded 8.30.2017, this isn't early access, a AAA title should be held to a higher standard."
,Not Recommended,473690,34614114,Posted: 30 August,all,Fishmonger,It feels like the game is still in Beta. Ive had bad online experiance. Im writing this review while the game is stuck loading. Laggy server. I also sometimes would get stuck in the terrain.
76561198103550291,Not Recommended,473690,34655508,Posted: 1 September,all,Dom,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,473690,34658941,Posted: 1 September,all,LY,"Sometimes during battles it gets laggy as ♥♥♥♥ and it doesn't work properly and you would keep getting combo'd and died, it has occured to me atleast 7-10 times during my 2.5 hour play. please fix"
,Not Recommended,473690,34674658,Posted: 1 September,all,spange,"Servers are Horrible. I con only play this game ofline, or else i get horrble rubber bannding."
76561198141030708,Not Recommended,473690,34724265,Posted: 3 September,all,Coool Captain,Just not as fun and got way too much hype
76561198365025831,Not Recommended,473690,34744678,Posted: 4 September,all,vivalapluto,No depth in gameplay despite a good basis. The risk/reward of class skills is ♥♥♥♥ed and the stats don't mean anything.
76561197994373346,Not Recommended,473690,34635034,Posted: 31 August,all,Dihada,"Button mashing fights, and the fights themselves arent fair at all since you encounter more than 1 enemy at the same time.and the camera/lock on system is too badly done to make it a fair fightSteep learning curveif you have to compare it to dark souls then its a shoddy martial arts version of itso dont waste your time with this"
,Not Recommended,473690,34663269,Posted: 1 September,all,vorpal,bad gameservers are constantly downalso steam wouldnt let me refund because i had 4 hrs on record when two of them were spent waiting in the menu for the servers to returnbuy at ur own risk
,Recommended,473690,34580525,Posted: 29 August,all,High_Yuza,"This game is something really special!Needs nothing, has this ZEN style of gaming. Approved!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34583069,Posted: 29 August,all,QHlorqua,Region locked.
,Not Recommended,473690,34615715,Posted: 30 August,all,Bot Swäg,There is no option to change all Keybinds which is a real nigthmare considering the rly bad controlls this game has with mouse+keyboard. With controller it isnt that hard but as a person who played now alot of time mouse+keyboard only it is rly hard to use a controller. So untile there is a full support for personal keybinds this game gets a negativ review
,Not Recommended,473690,34583093,Posted: 29 August,all,SwoodMadden,"Region Lock for co-op/pvp fighting game is just genious, give an award to the man who thought that was a good idea. Can't play with my friend in the same country even, nice.Also controls are super unintuitive and performance is really poor."
,Not Recommended,473690,34775833,Posted: 6 September,all,fubu,"Spent 2 hours testing the game yesterday and despite very high hopes and hype surrounding this release I got disappointed.Game indeed is beautiful, combat crisp and rewarding, however the way new player is treated is what made me decide to ask for refund. I know that this game does not hold your hand and encurage you to explore and test things, however it was infuriating being constantly attacked by 2 or 3 NPC enemies. Without having any moves learned, still being lost and trying to test things and combat I was constatly being forced to fight at least 2 and quite often 3 enemies that would just destroy me in matter of seconds. Revive, try to fight, die again, revive... you see the problem here...I did try to learn, I did try to experiment, but having to fight with multiple oponents was an extremely annoying and disheartening experience.Maybe I gave up too early, maybe I didn't give it proper run down, however I'm sure I'm not the only person that felt the way I did."
,Not Recommended,473690,34957907,Posted: 14 September,all,Ashroket,this game doesn't have any content. boring after 3-4 hours. and i told them about it and they told me to go ♥♥♥♥ myself.
,Not Recommended,473690,34614287,Posted: 30 August,all,Mhuay ツ TRADEIT.GG,Not worth for 29.99No oceaniaCan you fix Failed to join school?Bad animationlag
,Not Recommended,473690,34606840,Posted: 30 August,all,sexydadee,"As usual, launch day connection issues.  Don't buy.... yet.  Requested a refund just in case devs try to run away.  All of my 2 hours ""gameplay"" is stuck in the ""connecting to server"" screen."
,Not Recommended,473690,34764591,Posted: 5 September,all,Uurbaan,"Once you get into the PvP part of the game, just pick up the fastest drunken fighting moves and chain them together and spam away. If you try to strategise and learn your opponents moveset you are garbage. If you try to play defensively you will die because you are garbage. If you do anything but spam the fastest attacks you will lose because anything else is pure trash. This isn't a fighting game it's a game about who can be the biggest stack of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198214982893,Not Recommended,473690,34798684,Posted: 7 September,all,Ruairi5000,"Do not buy this game bought it day one and was not worth the money. The game only lasted 2 hours until I had completed everything, so I tried to get a steam refund for the game but could not due to having over the play time and this was due to server problems. Overall the game was very confusing and did not give any details relating to the story tasks, which were quite difficult to complete without the help of another player. Along with this the Party system is terrible as if you hit someone in your party a few times they will be kicked and a battle promt will initiate. Also the game lags very often due to server difficulties and the combat deck system requires hours of grinding before you can even perform any cool or interesting combos."
,Not Recommended,473690,34581833,Posted: 29 August,all,GEKHTOR,"omfg, so perfect game and SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥HUGE LAGS. I buy that game cause of multiplayer and i cant play online with such lags. i dont wanna to play alone, hey. fix or refundя рот его гонял чесслово, через массивные лаги получать лещей и ничего не мочь, ведь все, даже нпс, телепортируются.Я КУПИЛ ЭТО ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥О ЧТОБЫ НАДРАТЬ ЗАД ДРУЗЬЯМ И ВСЕМ В ЭТОЙ ИГРЕ, А В ИТОГЕ МЕНЯ Т""Р""А""Х""И""Р""У""Ю""Т лаги с сервераповремените с покупкой, подожди стабильной работы серверов"
,Not Recommended,473690,34753508,Posted: 5 September,all,Boochap,Doesn't support 4k when I have a 4k monitor and constantly drops below 60 frames despite having a GTX 1080 and I7 7700K. Very spammy combat. Wouldn't reccomend.
76561198079509604,Not Recommended,473690,34582719,Posted: 29 August,all,Platinum Excalibur,So i got my money back in 20 min thats 3 online matches and when you have a multiplayer game with attacks so fast that the person lagging cant parry or be parried. no thanks ill play an optimized game thanks.how is it not common sense to give the person lagging the issue not the person trying to play the game the way its meant.
,Not Recommended,473690,34727129,Posted: 3 September,all,Cricket,"Ironically, this is a combat-based game with a combat system that is extremely lacking and uninspired."
,Not Recommended,473690,34584678,Posted: 29 August,all,Scog,"region locked, LUL."
76561198023533447,Not Recommended,473690,34653912,Posted: 1 September,all,Aberon,"the games lagging everytime i play, when it come sto fighitng i keep flying here there, and die, the games nice the lag makes it, more unique"
,Not Recommended,473690,34727655,Posted: 3 September,all,Abradolf Lincler,"The game is extremly unbalanced... It tries to throw you into a 1v2 1v3 with no crowed control moves at all, expecting you to block attacks coming in at the same time from multiple people... Visually its outstanding but gamelpay wise it has a long way to go"
,Not Recommended,473690,34763737,Posted: 5 September,all,AngryDeath,"The only thing this game has going for it is the pvp, and even that is full of asshats that just push you off ledges. I became interested in this game because its game mechanics were said to be inspired by Dark Souls and For Honor but what I didn't realize that meant all the cancer and trolling from those two would be double in this game. Until there are some serious changes, I would not recommend buying it, unless being an♥♥♥♥♥is your forte."
,Not Recommended,473690,34655479,Posted: 1 September,all,The Decider,"PVE: 1v3 or 1v5 is the norm in a combat system that breaks when you go outside of 1v1, you'll also spend most of your time connecting to a host that lives across the world from you, leaving you in a laggy mess.PVP: Balance is nonexistant and it becomes a spammy mess until you lock someone in an infinite combo."
,Not Recommended,473690,34739107,Posted: 4 September,all,dtfe,"Way too confusing. I went in optimistic about the game, Came out disappointed. Fought against NPCs with much stronger gear. The game is confusing in general. Didn't know what I was supposed to do. Seemed like pointless fighting. The whole fighting mechanics seemed good, but problem is that I didn't see a reason to switch to the different stances. It didn't do much at all. The parrying/aborbing/dodging abilities are incredibly hard to pull off. The whole game doesn't really seem like a game in general. More like a fighting simulator with the difficulty set at realistic"
,Not Recommended,473690,34694518,Posted: 2 September,all,saint iven,"Dont wast your money on a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor game diesine, i saw it can be single co-op or mutiplayer. im so sick of games saying that, think of it this way its another for honnor. belongs in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. great game idea art work is amazing. just like for honnor tho they  clame co-op and single player when there isnt really. people gank you when your trying to play the story, so you go off line drop rates go down. in one hour online i can get about 4 1/2 drops a hour. on off line mode that drops to about 1.2 a hour, aka ♥♥♥♥ you we have our money. also if you want the cool gear that you can fine on the wiki ♥♥♥♥ you play on line 1v1, so you do. you start winning your fight feeling good and the persons about to die they turttle up.... ok just drain there stam then, WRONG! they pick the broken easy class were you absorb the strikes till there bar is fully white then they hit you 3 time that a full heath. they will drag it out too. the game does not reword you with there broken parrie and doge system. they reward you for spamming a... you know what its just warlord  think of it that way from for honnor. get the right move sets you can block and absorb to full hp and just spam your unstaggrable attack over and over agian. so ♥♥♥♥ you for puttin in so many hours into your combat deck to get it to flow and adapt to any moment in a fight. why? so every one can exsplote a broken move and passive. so you finnlly win a copple of rounds your feeling good after about 3 you go up a lvl you get the same broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gear you got from grinding the same mob for a hour witch is about the same time to lvl up your pvp also like a bosses armor, i got good news ♥♥♥♥ you too on that one you need to get your pvp rank up to fight them a second time in hopes they might drop something. save your money, i feel these guys are just another get rich quick off of for honnors idea while ♥♥♥♥ing over the player base more."
76561198109105763,Not Recommended,473690,34731732,Posted: 4 September,all,Tesuu,Charge Moves Grab Punch Mostly needs to be adjusted they take additional hits for no reason and still come out and for grab punch to be a turn around move with armor is just the dumbest ♥♥♥♥ing balanced mechnical ever no risk all reward it's fast and turns you around for free with complete iframes on their defensive ability
76561198062219481,Not Recommended,473690,34683704,Posted: 2 September,all,I love anime dude,to all the people crying about no oceanic servers its your own fault for living in the third world.this game is great
,Not Recommended,473690,35110482,Posted: 21 September,all,| R3Kning | ッ #NagLan2017,BRING ME SOUTH AFRICAN SERVERS!!!
76561198036630659,Not Recommended,473690,34655632,Posted: 1 September,all,senoj,Before you buy it.  worst lag ever in 1v1 match probably not recommended to all players damn i need a refund
,Not Recommended,473690,34580753,Posted: 29 August,all,Arrakis,I was punched so hard by an NPC it sent me to my desktop.
,Not Recommended,473690,34582821,Posted: 29 August,all,acnarf,Would rather buy winrar.
,Not Recommended,473690,34615710,Posted: 30 August,all,bdsw81,"Okay so I was determined to give the developers plenty of time and get more play time in before I wrote this review, however there is just too much that needs to be said to people who might be thinking about spending their money on this game.Lets start with the Pros:-The game is fun:I have honestly been enjoying the combat, it is not quite what I imagined it to be yet it is still wildy tough and satisfyingonce you figure somthing out you did not know before about your own deck. The deck system really is a great idea, it'scomplex and has so much room for growth and felxibility. On top of that you really feel like your building your ownfighting style from the ground up.-The game is pretty well optimized:I have a pretty mid-teir computer and on medium setting I get consistant and satisfying frames, the load times areacceptable and on top of that the game feels like it is running smoothly.-PVP is encouraged:A lot of people really love the PVP combat trials idea the game pushes. A game where progression on both PVP and PVEare linked and rely on one another is an interesting idea that I can get behind.-For a small indie company the game meets my expectations:I didn't go into Absolver expecting a AAA title and the best developers and completely perfect gameplay. And I gotexaclty what I expected and what seemed to be advertized. A somewhat fun game that I can see playing every once in awhile for some good fun with my friends.So with all the pros it is easy to forget that this review is a non-recomending review, however there are some serious red-flags and problems that can be a deal breaker for a lot of people, my self included.CONS:-The Dev Team lacks the dedication I have come to expect from good indie studios:I have played my fair share of small indie games and f2p studio games. And I can generally tell if the dev team is goingto be a good team to have behind the game I want to play. A lot of pople (me included) have had issues with the serverssince release, and while day one problems are normal and expected there are a few things about them I would like tomention. The server issues happened around 4pm for me. The devs did not make a post saying they were aware of suchproblems until a few hours after they began. As a consumer and customer to this studio I expect them to be monitoringtheir games relase with close eyes and trying their hardest to make everything go smoothly. Waiting for 3-4 hours topost about network issues and then having the post read (paraphrasing) ""we will fix it tommorow"" is pretty sad. Theyspent all this time setting up a game and getting ready to realeas it to push of day one problems until day 2.-The map navigation is awful:To find your way around the map for the majority of the story is harder than learning the combat system in this game.The map has poor indication of your location and where to go from it, you can only access the map from one of 6-7points on the map, and it is literally a birds eye shap with 6-7 points on it with no indication how how to get from one tothe next. Several times have I spent 3 hours trying to beat a boss and then resorted to googling how to beat it. Only inthis game have I ever spent that time looking for a boss and then resorting to googling how to find it. That is sad andpoor design. It is very obvious little work went into the map.-Specs and Respecs:This game has very little in tutorial and teaching when it comes to where to put your skill points and the effects they willhave. And this would not be a problem for me save the fact there is no way to undo the mistakes and re-spec what youdid before you learned what you were doing. It is very clear that the endgame here is PVP. But it becomes problematicwhen one or two misplaced points in the early PVE days can cause you a lot of problems when you get to the endgame.-Dialog windows:This is less of a game breaking complaint and more of a pet peeve. The dialog windows move soooo slow, and can notbe sped up or skipped. So you are forced to wait a solid 15-30 seconds to listen to one peice of dialog in the game.Overall the game has a lot of pontential to meet my, and everyone elses, expectations. But for now it does not, and the cons outweigh the pros for me. I don't recommend spending your money on this game and I don't recommend it as a game. I will continue to keep tabs and monitor it for now and if things are adressed I will re-visit and update my review. But for now it gets a solid3/10"
76561198001695405,Not Recommended,473690,34769143,Posted: 5 September,all,Masterrulax,Servers are really bad.Combat needs balancing.PVP is fun but lag makes it suckPVE content only lasts for like 10 hours? maybe lessNo end game what so everI was expecting more but oh well...Downvote me if you would but you all know this is true.Its a fair price for what it is.Still i dont recommend this.
,Not Recommended,473690,34718884,Posted: 3 September,all,Phracter,"Too expensive for 5 hours of gameplay, it was a fun 5 hours sure but really thats all you get out of it. May be worth the buy later down the road on a sale and when theres more than 5 hours of content perhaps?"
76561198078803589,Not Recommended,473690,34582776,Posted: 29 August,all,DirtyDude,Latency and rubberbanding is making the game unplayable.
,Not Recommended,473690,34604245,Posted: 30 August,all,Tank Burger,Online is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible otherwise its basically a not♥♥♥♥♥♥version of batman gamesinb4 they never fix the online problems
,Not Recommended,473690,34723375,Posted: 3 September,all,Asuzu,"The game can be beaten in 3-4 hours... which wouldn't be so bad if you could play a 1v1 PVP match without being disconnected half way through. There for, I can not recommend this game."
76561198243576866,Not Recommended,473690,34670822,Posted: 1 September,all,Loma,wait until they've fixed the game breaking glitches and terrible servers. The servers are down all the time and it gets kinda unbearable and the game crashes often. the campain is short with no real story. it has great combat and im sure they'll fix those problems soon but for now its sometimes frustrating.
76561198040679189,Not Recommended,473690,34581699,Posted: 29 August,all,Blood,Region locked piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,473690,35452395,Posted: 3 October,all,I GIVE UP ON LIFE,meh
,Not Recommended,473690,35361618,Posted: 30 September,all,_AsYLUM,♥♥♥♥♥was trash lol
76561198005832355,Not Recommended,473690,34614167,Posted: 30 August,all,"Jacop#Isack""""",unplayable while in online mode it too lag for me at thailandthe game was fun until someone joining in it can't play anymore how do i fighting with a teleport enemy !!pls solve this problem
,Not Recommended,473690,34658942,Posted: 1 September,all,✡mikrowellenstrahler,worth a refund or two
,Recommended,473690,34592698,Posted: 29 August,all,twitch.tv/OGDaMonsta,Just really wish I had something to do with my friends after playing for 4 hours...
76561198405828307,Not Recommended,473690,35093084,Posted: 20 September,all,OneEyedHodor,"VERY boring and repetitive. everything in the intire game boils down to fighting and thats it. the first few fights were fun but it became nothing more than button mashing fast. no real loot to work toward Poor story that barely exists with no map, no quests and no direction at all. I ended up wandering around the same maps fighting the same guys for hours. Is it really to much to ask for a map to find your way around? Or did you just want me to wander for hours memorizing where each path goes in a world that looks all the same. If you die you get the joy of starting at the last checkpoint with everything spawned on the map over again. This game is a huge waste of your money and time."
,Not Recommended,473690,34672743,Posted: 1 September,all,道義 Magicboxershorts 連盟,This is a fighting game without hitboxes.
76561198021357089,Not Recommended,473690,34775234,Posted: 6 September,all,Sgt.Turtle,Nothing to do after a few hours.
,Not Recommended,473690,34694133,Posted: 2 September,all,Death Star Pumpkin Guy,"TL;DR at bottom for my points.The sad thing is, I never bought this game for a 4 hour story, I bought it for pvp. When you beat the story they throw you back at the starting area, to keep doing pve, aswell as be able to fight players and mainly do combat trials. The issue here is, there is no new land to explore, sure tons of other games are filled with grinds but atleast they give you more and more areas to move onto. I never spent 33 dollars just to play a ♥♥♥♥ing 4 hour story to be thrown back to the beginning to keep grinding and leveling up. I would have liked to move on after I became an absolver, and to atleast have gone to a mega pvp area where there could have been hotspots and stuff like that along with the ability to do combat trials if you wanted to. The starting area could take maybe 5 minutes, to do a full lap of... Don't get me wrong, the combat is extremely fluid and I enjoyed it very much, I never seemed to get frustrated because I actually was extremely good at it and my friend said, when I was only level 28, I was better then most level 40's. He was level 37 and I beat him 6 times.This isn't the greatest review you could read but I just wanted to quickly get out some very big points here:- 4-5 hour story, throws you back at starting area again to continue doing nothing else but pvp and pve in that one area.- Fluid and amazing combat, that apparently can be very irritating to a big group of people.- Sometimes your opponant WILL alt f4.-  When you beat the final boss you feel a satisfactory feeling until you realize all that's after it is a cutscene of becoming an absolver.- Only thing you get when you become an absolver is a cape.- Grinding up in the higher level's is grindy.Verdict: For 33 ♥♥♥♥ing dollars (Canadian) I didn't sign up for 10 hours before repetition hits ya."
,Not Recommended,473690,34649943,Posted: 31 August,all,tflooms,"this game doesnt even work... getting punched by a dude who is 100ft from you, gtfo"
76561197960557968,Not Recommended,473690,34721107,Posted: 3 September,all,Spilly Phil,"Ya give me my money back. I was denied a refund because I spent 8 hours in what I thought was the tutorial but that turned to be the whole game(finding and defeating the marked ones). The PvP is a joke, everybody loads their deck with nothing but fast attacks and ducks/jumps. If you throw a power attack they will side step you and continue their fast attack spam. Also the camera is HORRIBLE. Get near a wall and you get a top down view which makes movement and parrying difficult, players know this and abuse it. You can't pan the camera either, so if you aren't locked on because you have multiple opponents you are trying to get out of the middle of, you get alot of bad camera angles where you only see yourself, and not your opponents whom you are trying to judge distance so that you may reposition."
76561198087018145,Not Recommended,473690,34767215,Posted: 5 September,all,strikemasterv,"Oh, boy! Where do I begin? If you guys thought you were gonna get into a game that was very technical and had a lot of depth, then...I'm am so sorry, dudes...This...This ain't it. 0_0""Build your own deck!"", ""Observe your opponent's style to counter!"", ""Skill and reaction time is key!"" <-- Buds. Peeps. Mah ninjas -- This was nothing more than The Man selling you pretty ideas for a quick buck. This game is no different than DFO, Dragon Nest, Grand Chase, Elsword, or any other Online Fighter RPG games that basically equates to: Best spam build/rotation to stun lock yo♥♥♥♥♥wins! -- Except unlike all those are games, this game makes you pay $30 bucks to come to that same conclusion, loool. All in all, I get on for 1-2 matches to keep me awake at night, and then log off. It's just a jump in and jump out game. Don't expect anything more than that."
76561198197384029,Not Recommended,473690,34693870,Posted: 2 September,all,toxicbatman666,the game chrashes every ten minutes amd is unplayble untile the devs fix it
76561198027434701,Not Recommended,473690,34715332,Posted: 3 September,all,MagicalHat,"It would be good if I didn't meet people that was soooo much higher lvl than me. I was like lvl 7, and the matchmaking makes me play against lvl 40+ to 60. The only thing I did was to rage!!!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34775522,Posted: 6 September,all,Vatsug,Boring
,Not Recommended,473690,34605491,Posted: 30 August,all,wikudo,"PLEASE FIX A TERRIBLE MATCHMAKING AND ♥♥♥♥♥♥ CONNECTION SERVER!!My dude is jumping all over the place, ♥♥♥♥!!!"
76561198052145286,Not Recommended,473690,34871538,Posted: 10 September,all,tofu0921,"Clunky combat, odd targeting sytem, game breaking glitches."
,Not Recommended,473690,34726238,Posted: 3 September,all,Wombat,43
,Not Recommended,473690,34742530,Posted: 4 September,all,rragh001,Went up to some gent to ask him where the nearest mask shoppe was - mine was quite...pedestrian...lacking flare.He roundhoused me in the face.DO NOT buy this game. EVERYONE is super violent.
76561198055770205,Not Recommended,473690,34879843,Posted: 11 September,all,LordScardi,game is pretty boring.
76561198081906054,Not Recommended,473690,34695207,Posted: 2 September,all,123,ive started playing this since launch not to talk about lag thats around all the dayu cant even invite your friends it keeps giving u stupid errors about regions and stuff and guess what? PVP is region locked ... so the game will die within few daysthe newest bug happening is all your spells are gone which is awesome after hours and hours people grinded pvp to levelup
,Not Recommended,473690,34708846,Posted: 3 September,all,^8O^4W^6N^3E^5R,Lock on doesn't work... at all.
76561198050209095,Not Recommended,473690,34696388,Posted: 2 September,all,Popolow,Had to refund this one. Its a fun enough game and I'm sure the lagging issues will get resolved but it's just too hard and no fun to try to solo this game. The game constantly throws at least 3 enemies at you anf if you're alone it quickly becomes frustrating what with the bad camera angles and all. I'll possibly pick it back up when it goes on sale.
76561198081672754,Not Recommended,473690,34731738,Posted: 4 September,all,WarcTNT,i don't support Asia or people who live out Americas and Europe buy this game because game don't support server out Americas and Europe. You will meet lag and delay in pvp. If you want to play for pve or for fun. it ok
76561198276829921,Not Recommended,473690,34701263,Posted: 2 September,all,datoneguyothin,Poorly made. Full of glitches.The only potential selling point for this game is the combat system and it's pretty terrible.
76561198049115254,Not Recommended,473690,34688508,Posted: 2 September,all,therr31,"I wanted to like this game but I can't. The sheer about of frustration I have experienced with this game is not worth it. A Game is suppose to be fun. Everytime I die I do not feel like I could have done something different. Instead I feel like the mechanices suck. Engaging two characters in single player is broken. There is no way for me to feel skilled with the delay I experience while trying to press the buttons. If I decide dto play with another person online I couldn't because the game with not allow me to,  it constanly says offline.The devs need to study up on Nioh a game that is hard but rewarding in single player.  The fluidity of batman when going between enemies is a must. I wish I could return this game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34635388,Posted: 31 August,all,ｔ  ｉ  ｍ    ｗ   〇   ｗ,instant refund...
,Recommended,473690,34598782,Posted: 29 August,all,Scarepenguin,It's just like dark souls if dark souls was a completely different game and was fun
,Not Recommended,473690,34583064,Posted: 29 August,all,<<|Scorpio|>>,ez refund
,Recommended,473690,34580424,Posted: 29 August,all,Bangkok Tom,"Got roundhouse kicked in the face, 9 out of 10 practitioners would choose to get roundhouse kicked in the face again."
76561198178907594,Not Recommended,473690,34581405,Posted: 29 August,all,Danteflax,honestly such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game controlls are♥♥♥♥♥♥on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ controller npcs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ broken and gang bang you and akward fighting system
76561198010771204,Not Recommended,473690,34602847,Posted: 30 August,all,Brotato,great tutorial
76561197999864970,Not Recommended,473690,34723374,Posted: 3 September,all,Willou,i realy want to love this game but at its current state is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥- unblanaced as ♥♥♥♥ if someone has the right moves they can just spam it-if you like a game where the PVE Isnt even 1v1 and always ♥♥♥♥ing bots ganging up on you thats your game
76561198078556398,Not Recommended,473690,34741621,Posted: 4 September,all,[R22R]JEB,Who want to play offline in 2017 ?
,Not Recommended,473690,34860821,Posted: 10 September,all,This is mr Cunt,dont buy this piece of garbage
00100161969348092,Not Recommended,473690,34643755,Posted: 31 August,all,Baboon,"TLDR the combat doesnt have any risk or reward so its just taking turns spamming, gear is a grind, servers are down alot, and the story is like an hour long.I bought this game expecting the combat to be a masterpiece. It is far from that. The combat feels like just a bunch of nonsence, all you do is spam your combat deck back and forth and on occasion absorb, dodge, or parry which dont reward you at all really. Reading your opponent should be very rewarding so its not just a spam fest and you actually have to think about how you could open up your opponent, but there is no real risk or reward so it doesnt even matter.The 1v1 mode is what I intended on spending hours and hours on but it has problems. The first thing is the combat I just spoke about, the second thing is that you have to kill your opponent 3 times in order to win. Doesnt sound bad but its just a waste of time really because whenever you or your opponent kills the other they heal, and you also have an ability that heals so even if you stomp them then lose by a hair you usually end up with 1 life each and full heath. so why couldnt it just be that? or just 3 rounds?The story was basically an unusually long tutorial because its like an hour long...so dont get the game if you want a story. Its so short I actually thought that it was just getting started but then its just like...you are now an absolver.Im probably the only one that thinks this so dont be discouraged 100% from my review but dont come from a game like for honor intending absolvers to completely replace it."
,Not Recommended,473690,34661423,Posted: 1 September,all,Janus,"uhhactually i paid 699 rubles for fine gameplay, and not to be laggy because of other players LOL---i really enjoy this game, but seriously. servers is just♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,473690,34585072,Posted: 29 August,all,Sky,Getting gangraped by 4 enemies isn't ♥♥♥♥ing fun. Refunded
,Not Recommended,473690,34723481,Posted: 3 September,all,Joseph Stalin,"Fun for people that like slow progression. This is fun, but for me it feels that I got no where and progress felt very slow. Which is the reason I refunded it."
,Not Recommended,473690,34816146,Posted: 8 September,all,KATCHMEHBOI,"Lag, Badly"
76561198025958778,Not Recommended,473690,34712421,Posted: 3 September,all,E-Modul,"you die? watch your corpse, have to restart the game...you die nr2? watch a black screen.... have to restart the game...♥♥♥♥♥♥AI, the devs put multiple enemies to give a challange. problem is: many attacks in this game are very fast and difficult to react, with multiple enemies it just becomes a spam fest...talking of spamfest....attacks have no ""punch"" its like every char can take beatings for ever and they do... so happy spamming till you get a killmost stuff is not explained, you just get a symbol... if you want to know the meaning? gfus....cheap♥♥♥♥♥ buggy, low effort game, mostly driven by the 'defensive meta' scare of For HonorNot to forget the constant ganking by highlevel idiots... good luck trying to fight here"
,Not Recommended,473690,34609700,Posted: 30 August,all,BeanDip,The game is over-rated and very quick to play through. might aswell go take a♥♥♥♥♥♥and everyone would have already finished the game.
,Not Recommended,473690,34771393,Posted: 6 September,all,Desert Punk,"Antifa's run amok in the ruins of a lost city absolving you of your flaws as you pass through the labyrinth of lost Children. Violence is the only answer. Knowlege is your real weapon.Many fingers will be pointed at the ground.Sounds pretty fun right? maybe. but after a little over an hour of waiting to connect to servers to be able to connect with friends I started to realize; This was fairly boring alone.Excellent concept, with odd, Although flawlessly smooth graphics. Nevertheless, I was unable to have the full experience."
76561198024969375,Not Recommended,473690,34583899,Posted: 29 August,all,jemoeder,"Was super hyped for this game. But... controls feel clunky and the world feels empty. Defintely not what I expected after seeing all the trailers and gameplay videos of E3. Maybe it will get better after a few updates. For now, I'd have to give it a thumbs down. :("
76561198004463957,Not Recommended,473690,34607037,Posted: 30 August,all,Rookie,Pros:-Art style is poetic-Decent combat systemCons:-Get bored quickly-Lack of story-Direct copy of dark soul mechanism but not as deepDoes not worth the price
,Not Recommended,473690,34583698,Posted: 29 August,all,Kitsue,the gameplay is pretty solidthe sounds ingame kinda made it seem lifeless to me or dull.after the hour i played i cant really get that engaging feeling that'd make me want to keep on playing.ran across a bug? where part of the world wouldnt render unless i die basically so the game reloads itself.all in all i'd say it'll be a very niche game that you'll either will get into it or wont get into it
,Not Recommended,473690,34609885,Posted: 30 August,all,DrFabulous,too laggggggggggg
76561198077041981,Not Recommended,473690,34647032,Posted: 31 August,all,Gary Fox,"Devs mistook combat complexity for depth, and the world isnt open at all. Boring."
76561197992800739,Not Recommended,473690,34698270,Posted: 2 September,all,SNAAAKE,Obviously released too early. Spam wins the day every day every time assuming you can even get into a pvp match without lag.
76561198077361979,Not Recommended,473690,35101847,Posted: 21 September,all,Loosak,"Very confusing, didnt get the hang of the gameplay. interesting backstory and graphics but not amazing at all"
76561198260793879,Not Recommended,473690,34797237,Posted: 7 September,all,Papa Ice 🚾,"Not a very good combat system, 4/10"
76561198049342557,Not Recommended,473690,34717309,Posted: 3 September,all,Baby Buffalo,it was♥♥♥♥
76561197963812113,Not Recommended,473690,34611007,Posted: 30 August,all,ninja_z,"This game is only fun for the first hour.  You run around, fight some NPCs, and run around some more until you get out of the tutorial area.  That's fine because the path is fairly linear.  Then you get dropped in an open area with multiple paths, and you have no F'N CLUE where you are going.  I've played for four hours, and I'm still running in circles.  You can hit up altars (which are sparse) to see your green dot on the mini map, but otherwise you are just alone running around like a fool and get jumped by two-three NPCs at a time.  Also, this game is very laggy and slow.  I turned all my settings to low, and this game still crawls.  I wouldn't say it's particularly buggy since I only had one crash.I had high hopes for this game, but now I'm just glad I only paid $30.  I need a time machine to tell myself to stay away from this game (and some of my ex-girlfriends.)"
76561198178691082,Not Recommended,473690,34691301,Posted: 2 September,all,GL1TCH_DRAG0N,"Dont waste your money.This game got my MMO hopes up so high...and then utterly destroyed them. Like, set them on fire, watched them burn out, and then set them on fire again.""Finally!"" (I thought naively) ""An MMO centered around REAL combat, martial arts, and looting!""I was a stupid, stupid child for believing they'd do something great with this. So here we go, Pro's/Con's time.Pro's:- It's not another tab/target MMO, so there's that at least.- Combat is kinda fun, AT FIRST.- Martial arts styles and animations are pretty cool.Con's:Oh dear god, where to begin...- This game feels EARLY ACCESS AT BEST.- Combat. Interesting at first, then becomes really, really, really, annoying. Really. I have no idea how they settled on THIS as the final version.- There is no story. None. There's a very vague-ish premise that you can kinda guess at, but other than that, nada.- I was annoyed at the PVP over PVE focus, but was willing to try go through it, til I realized there is virtually NO PVE. In fact, the PVE part may as well just be the Tutorial. I mean, seriously? I get that you wanted to make a PVP heavy game, but to this extent?- Gear System. At first, I was excited about fighting random AI mobs and picking up pieces of their gear, but then you find out that every time you make your Attack/Defense better, it WEIGHS YOU DOWN and you become incredibly slow. Annoying as hell.- No map, at all. You don't really need one after a couple hours, because the entire place is ridiculosuly small, but still. It's pretty annoying.- The art style. I keep seeing people compliment it, but I don't get it.Its...okay?I guess? But nothing noteworthy, just different.- Could go on and on.This really could have been a great game, the core concept was there and some of the game mechanics had a lot of promise. Then I assume they all just said ""F$%# it"" and gave up halfway through the development and slapped together whatever they could to make it functional. Truly disappointing."
76561198119059792,Not Recommended,473690,34734205,Posted: 4 September,all,ironjaw3d,theres a fighting style that has a skill where the enemy turns blue and absorbs your strikes. ths skill makes the game nearly unplayable
76561197971128662,Not Recommended,473690,34720067,Posted: 3 September,all,angusthescot,Another game ruined by liars.No absolution for these criminals.This game was sold as a multiplayer online game.  Since its release it has not been able to connect to it's own servers.  Does it actually have servers?  No proof they do.  Adults call this FALSE advertising and it's not legal and worse it's not right.Gamers you are currently being robbed by Early Access scams and worse please start sticking up for yourselves.  If you don't the entire declining industry will be a wasteland of unfinished garbage like this game.
,Not Recommended,473690,35326396,Posted: 30 September,all,The tings go skrrrra,"Simply, don't buy the game."
76561198221742196,Not Recommended,473690,34715365,Posted: 3 September,all,SD Doom,Couldn't even connect to servers. Friend that told me to get Absolver said that is normal for this game. Refunded.
76561198097686739,Not Recommended,473690,34580716,Posted: 29 August,all,Disco,Cant even play with my EU plebs
,Not Recommended,473690,34942963,Posted: 13 September,all,JUST GOT OUTPLAYED DUMBASS,game needs better servers and more stuff to do for me to recommend it completely but it is fun to play with my friend if my connection is good for an hour or two
76561198026578251,Not Recommended,473690,34697406,Posted: 2 September,all,Dungeon Master,boring asf
,Not Recommended,473690,34718820,Posted: 3 September,all,LummoxX,"I haven't ever played a game, that made me rage like this one. F*ck You!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34618389,Posted: 30 August,all,Blood,"Refunded only after 30 minutes of playing due to lack of effort. The janky controls for the controller are probably what made me dislike this game the most. Changing stances takes a lot of effort and in that time the enemy easily gets a least one hit off. In the beginning you already get swarmed by groups of 3 enemies after just barely learning the controls. The most useless feature in this game is the parrying. Even if you see some attacks coming way before and parry to the right sight before they land the hit, they still manage to do it. The AI automatically block as soon as you parry so there is no way to really counter attack. The matchmaking feature is also broken in a way. I was level 4 and the first time i matched he was very equal to me, but the second time this guy had tons of armor and I havnt found any yet.TLDR: Lack of effort, bad controls"
,Not Recommended,473690,34819569,Posted: 8 September,all,Omnyx,"Bought the game, got to the first area where PvP was allowed, got killed by an invisible person, refunded the game."
76561198343847848,Not Recommended,473690,34631847,Posted: 31 August,all,alkuwari_219,ITS NOT FUN AT ALL
,Not Recommended,473690,34639385,Posted: 31 August,all,$OUTH $IDE $UICIDE,0/10
76561198035424547,Not Recommended,473690,34695273,Posted: 2 September,all,Ghost Nappa,"its a complicated game, if you dont have a good graphics card or have the ability to run at a stable framerate you could suffer during gameplay here. the fact that anyone can attack you kinda is stupid. as a new player i expect to have some place to be safe but i havent seen an area combat free for players looking to learn, ive been ganked 4 times leaving the noob area by the same guy. If you get jumped in this game your dead at the beginning, unless you haave friends i would steer clear if your the solo player"
,Not Recommended,473690,34581067,Posted: 29 August,all,Please be patient I have autism,Horrible controls and just plain♥♥♥♥♥♥imo. Im going to refund LUL.
,Recommended,473690,34581379,Posted: 29 August,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561197999346452,Not Recommended,473690,34691011,Posted: 2 September,all,Cody Cigar,"Boring Dark Souls rip off, the ""seamless multiplayer"" is based on which area of the map you're on and releases a giant UI text notification that someone entered your area, combat is boring and uninspired rip off."
76561198132470607,Not Recommended,473690,34671176,Posted: 1 September,all,George,♥♥♥♥♥GAME FOLKS DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.
76561198058676302,Not Recommended,473690,34667999,Posted: 1 September,all,Major Tundi,"Hi Maury here and the lie detector results are in...You said there was a campaign... the lie detector results determined that that was a lie.You said that people couldn't spam you to death... the lie detector results determined that that was a lie.You said that the fighting style is like no other... the lie detector results determined that... you were telling the truth...*audience gasps*Hush now hush now... the technitian also would like me to say.... that the combat system is brilliant for one to one (when not being spammed by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that put all tokens on speed) however he did fail to mention that the game rarely puts you against one person... in fact you will often be fighting 3 on one.In all- suck♥♥♥♥♥learning curve, the online is ok when you go against someone who plays properly and if you want a campaign... you're better off playing Banjo Kazoee. Nice art style though, just make sure you appreciate it the 50th time you see it trying to find an identical enemy using a tiny map that is poorly drawn."
76561197987557092,Not Recommended,473690,34752650,Posted: 5 September,all,vic_viperman,"Garbage combat, garbage game.Poor performance with frequent fps drops and the campaign is only 2 or 3 hours long, consisting of fighting what is basically the same one NPC over and over again. (everyone mostly looks the same with the body of an emaciated crack addict.) PvP is very spammy and the combat feels flat.Don't waste your money on this unfinished game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34597833,Posted: 29 August,all,moltres,Broke as hell
,Not Recommended,473690,34691376,Posted: 2 September,all,==Greatnuke==,Pros: is game.Cons: Multiplayer not working.Conclusion: What point?Rating: 10/10
,Not Recommended,473690,34697402,Posted: 2 September,all,u dont deserve my big toblerone,"if you live in oce, do not buy this jew game until they - if ever - get oce servers running properly because right now this game is unplayable in the state it is supposed to be experienced in, which is online."
76561198190433767,Not Recommended,473690,34670709,Posted: 1 September,all,Allsword,"The game is like No Man's Sky in the sense it has ""Multiplayer"""
,Not Recommended,473690,34723429,Posted: 3 September,all,Leafdroid,"I saw the mixed ratings and I thought ""it cant be that bad"" but after trying it I can definitely say it is. 1 hour of gameplay and im already extremely frustrated because of this game, not to mention the first player I came across was invisible and onehitted me without me entering any type of battle mode.Cons:- Doesn't support UltraWide resolution.- Controls are extremely frustrating.- You take more fall damage than AI.- FPS stuck at 62.Pros:- World and graphiss are beautiful.- It looks cool.11/10 would never buy again. (Possibly in a year or two)"
76561198058263148,Not Recommended,473690,34877691,Posted: 10 September,all,Evil Puppers,I eat gays
,Not Recommended,473690,34718903,Posted: 3 September,all,Danddy,it ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
,Not Recommended,473690,34581427,Posted: 29 August,all,SirFancyPantsOfPantaloons,"You can not play with friends from other countries, the tag ""multiplayer"" is basically a lie. All you get is ""could not find the player in this region""."
76561198254400593,Not Recommended,473690,34581504,Posted: 29 August,all,Robro,"I really wanted to play this game, but unforunately i can't due to the unreal 4 engine crashing!, i can't even get to the character customization screen without it crashing!. This may only be a personal problem but i can't recommend this game if this problem persists.I'll change my review once this dilema is fixedEdit: I have reinstalled the game but nothing really changed, i also verified game files but to no avail, also the newest patch still didn't fix this problem. I'm starting to think that i should refund this within the next week if it still is a problem for me.My Specs:GTX 950AMD A6-6400k8 Gb of RamWindows 8.1"
,Not Recommended,473690,34680042,Posted: 2 September,all,Commandant,♥♥♥♥♥game dont buy
,Not Recommended,473690,34581139,Posted: 29 August,all,Higgenz,"LMAO CAN'T EVEN JUMP, ENJOY BEING TETHERED TO THE GROUND, WHAT A LOAD OF HORSE♥♥♥♥♥♥Also after an hour of playing- Versing other players is impossible, the lag is immense- Trying to connect to friends is quite the hassle- Once connected who ever joined the other will lag (idk if this is just for Australians)- Game crashed multiple times- Black screened multiple times"
76561198038548482,Not Recommended,473690,34581358,Posted: 29 August,all,xXxAngelxXx,This game is pure garbage !you cannot change controls !  which means you stuck with the RT as your stance ! which mess up every combo becasue you going to have hard time hold right stick and RT to combe .dont buy it game is bad
76561198028580883,Not Recommended,473690,34586991,Posted: 29 August,all,TheKazz,Lacks full keybind remapping support so if you're like me and can't play with standard WASD controls you're SOL. I'll give it the 2 weeks I can and hope they add full keybind support otherwise I'll be refunding.
76561198061803824,Not Recommended,473690,34602949,Posted: 30 August,all,Decim,Bad.
76561198400253455,Not Recommended,473690,34582124,Posted: 29 August,all,kkill,"i was super pumped for this game. but after playing one hour i am not very happy. the controls are just awfull on computer, i  tried with a controller and still bad. the game play is super repetative and the world just feels empty and dead. pve is ok but then u get 3 on you and it feels like your stuck in a corner getting slapped, i didnt get my preorder stuff,  pvp in the world is wierd too, just feels like button mashing, i was super frusterated right off the bat. i died like 20 time or more within my first hour and it just makes me angry. overall nice try but still a long ways off from a good fighting mmo style game"
,Not Recommended,473690,34620571,Posted: 30 August,all,grove,Cheap indie game. For honor + dark souls. Would strongly NOT reccomend. Graphics are bad. Characters have no voices. Welp what can i say... Not worth it.
76561198029272013,Not Recommended,473690,34581945,Posted: 29 August,all,Sephi,"I love the idea behind the game, and it feels very much like a Souls game. The problem with this game which cannot be forgotten is the fact that it is meant for PvP - and other as in a Souls game you have just 3 hours of Singleplayer material.Of course that wouldn't be such a big deal of a problem if the game would advertise itself accordingly. But still, even with a beat'em up like Tekken you have more than 3 hours of Story.The enemys spawn kind of random so it can be that you kill 2 enemies, die, respawn and next time you have to kill 3 enemies.Learning new styles, it feels like a hell of a grind to get them all - to learn a new skill you have to dodge or block it while fighting an enemy that uses that skill - and you have to defeat that enemy or the progress will be reset which you made with this enemy for the skill.There also is a party system which is more or less ok, but you can only play with people of your region, so keep that in mind if you plan to coop this game.For PvP there is no real Matchmaking, the as of now you get as lvl 30 matched with lvl 60 which is a problem because of the increased amount of stat points the higher lvl player has. I can't see this working better with the game getting older and more players reaching high lvl. (for beginners)The social system is lacking, there is no chat and it's only possible to invite people that stay in front of you. (let's hope that there will be a change)Overall it's an ok game if you plan to look for another PvP beat'em up, but not for 30€. If you plan to play it for the singleplayer (because interesting combat system) get it on a sale.Oh, and don't buy it if you don't have a controller. Keyboard and Mouse hotkeys are very restricted in terms of re-configuration."
,Not Recommended,473690,34636096,Posted: 31 August,all,MetaShawn,"Until you fix your unfinished game, this is my opinion!EDIT@Skeleton (and others who are not sure)Well here it is:Pros:- Difficulty- Controls- Fighting- Custom combat styles- NOT Toxic community (so far, School has started who knows...)etc.Cons:- Servers- Lagging (Constant, NO PATCH HAS FIX THIS SO FAR - 05. September 2017 after PATCH 1.03)- Super NPC's bug (They has no energy penalty when they near death)- MMORPG? (LOL What, why? ....this is misleading tag for this game, it is NOT near MMO game...this is MAYBE co-op game...)- Lack of content (Only one small map with ""not-to-much-to-do"" if you don't like PVP)If you are true fighting genre fan - you will LOVE this game, but if you are MMO adventurer like me, you will just LIKE this game, maybe when they FINISH it (add some normal content, some other mods....SOMETHING TO DO actually....maybe i will change my mind!Until then, like is said THIS is my opinion!"
76561198268815592,Not Recommended,473690,34673007,Posted: 1 September,all,PyroSharkDude,The graffics are horrific if your looking for a garbage game than you found one my suggestion is get a refund
76561198049530632,Not Recommended,473690,34612843,Posted: 30 August,all,marktulip76,spam tastic button masher.
76561198179390898,Not Recommended,473690,34581660,Posted: 29 August,all,vhaelen,"i am absolutly not happy with the game, the art is nice the music is nice the setting is nice the fact that you have to use buttons on the keyboard to change the direction off attacks or rather the combo chain you want to use is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the fact that you cant remap those buttons is completly mind blowing (yeah yeah i know devs said a controler is heavily recomendated etc and im fine with that but honestly how hard can it be to let me remap those ♥♥♥♥ing buttons? ... and the mouse does a single thing thats atleast for my school etc to activate the blue absorb thingy ... so mouse does in fight literary only a single thing but instead of using the mouse for the combo sellection thingy its put on keys.... i would love to be able to remap that to my mouse and put the special ability on a key that would be lovely but i would be even fine with just remapping them to keys i can actualy use , im german and there for i use a german keyboard which is 99% the same as the american only Z and Y are switches (and a few others but they dont matter for this one statement) even the buttons on the american keyboard seem a bit weird but atleast they are in reach of my ♥♥♥♥ing fingers Q E Z C on an american layout are near to the movement keys so its still dumb but atleast not impossible, like i said on german keyboards Y and Z are switched so in order for me to hit that button i have to either let go of my mouse and i mean it doesnt do anything ingame in the first place... or i have to take my fingers of the directional keys which is a BIG no no i write this comment for 2 reasons1. to ask the devs if they plan on giving us the ability to remap those functions (in the NEAR future)2. to warn all ppl who dont have a controler, if you dont have a controler wait untill you buy this game just wait if the devs are saying anything because honestly that cant be an option and its so ♥♥♥♥ing messed upso yeah right now im giving the game 30 minutes to 'convince' myself that this keyboard layout is indeed a good way to do it and afterwards im going to refund the game and wait untill i hear anything about this issue . this was the one game i was excited for that i had hope for but yeah seems like it just wasnt meant to be and if they fix the issue and i rebuy the game i will lose the pre order stuff but id rather loose the pre order stuff then to sit on a 25 bucks worth game thats unplayable without fixing that issueps if im just to blind or to dumb and you actualy can remap those specific keys i am sorry i looked for about 10 minutes and couldnt find it"
76561198054110075,Not Recommended,473690,34597860,Posted: 29 August,all,Blackridge[KGB],"Wanted to support the developer.  I appreciate what they're trying to do here.  Please don't submit for refunds on the basis of ""I don't like the game"".  I think this game is a hot pile of garbage, but will not request a refund."
76561198151892450,Not Recommended,473690,34591355,Posted: 29 August,all,ZaiB,"Really boring. Screen goes black when you die. Good idea, but not executed well."
,Not Recommended,473690,34597840,Posted: 29 August,all,Nip-Slip McGee,"Terrible game play, terrible bosses, terrible servers, terrible price point, all around terrible game. Dont waste your money."
,Not Recommended,473690,34580405,Posted: 29 August,all,Hox,"So far every fight has been a laggy mess, any other players even being around has meant fighting npcs is a lagfest too.The gameplay is great, the artstyle is great, but not being able to encounter others without suffering the above kind of ruins the fun. Can't recommend it if you aren't from the EU or US, I guess."
,Not Recommended,473690,34588548,Posted: 29 August,all,SchekelSchekel,Just a second for Honor with spamming and coward players. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥unless you want to grow a tumor in less than 2 hours
,Not Recommended,473690,34595891,Posted: 29 August,all,Wobbebong[DG]cs.money,THIS GAME IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME BUT STILL YOU CAN BUY IT IF YOU WANT TO READ 1V1 AND PLAY 1V4 OR ANOTHER ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GANGBANG
,Recommended,473690,34579450,Posted: 29 August,all,2D,Hitting your child simulator
,Recommended,473690,34589805,Posted: 29 August,all,T H I C C*(snifu),"its a great game, people are just plebs who cant git gud."
,Recommended,473690,34588844,Posted: 29 August,all,Daily,"i tried the game with controller and after 5 min. switched to keyboard. didnt like this game with a controller. the game feels very similar to gameplay of for honor especially picking your stance.pros:- good art and graphics/atmosphere- good fighting system, works well- open world game- NPC's are pretty hard when they gang up on you with 3-4 at the same time- 3 fighting styles and skills/attributes you can fill in- learn new moves while you fight in game and copy that into you combos (so far learned 1 new one in 3 hrs gameplay)- you can equip lots of gear that you find in the worldcons:- there is no guidance, you have to figure out what you have to do or where to go, you reach a door it says kill all the marked ones, but it doesn't tell you were they are. there is a map but to me it's very unclear where i can find what.so far these are my findings, i will definitely recommend this game! (1st day i logged in i saw 17k ppl in game, and when i look at stats from sales it says around 50k ppl bought the game so far)not bad for a 1st day!"
,Recommended,473690,34588505,Posted: 29 August,all,Childish Chazbino IV,"People complaining about the camera, use a controller, games plays wonderfully on one, and seems like it was built for one to be honest. Unreal Engine really does the game justice, great art-style, great combat, very in-depth might I add."
,Recommended,473690,34588854,Posted: 29 August,all,Cade™,"If Dark Souls and a ""Better"" For Honor had a baby. The camera controls are just fine, its not like for honor where you can just button mash until you win, it has all the great features of dark souls, and the PVP is so good. One of my favorite games of this year for sure."
76561198103643153,Recommended,473690,34589357,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr Nuggets,Beyond expectations
,Recommended,473690,34590366,Posted: 29 August,all,Lorkhan,"I was peacefully breaking some guys face near the water, when some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shows up and tackles me and himself to our deaths.I know Kung Fu/10"
,Recommended,473690,34590367,Posted: 29 August,all,Xaviuz,"If you like kicking people in the face, you'll love this game."
,Recommended,473690,34590385,Posted: 29 August,all,Icirrus,"Easily the best mmo fighting game I've played, great graphics and amazing mechanics"
,Recommended,473690,34590397,Posted: 29 August,all,Zan,"Great in-depth fighting mechanics that feel smooth, great customization, and at the end of the day what else would you want in a fighter."
,Recommended,473690,34590425,Posted: 29 August,all,Soob,Dark souls meets kung fu in a gorgeous landscape. Servers are finnicky but it's day 1 so who cares. I will update on MP once I experience it. As for solo play it is amazing. Definitely recommended
76561198066256349,Recommended,473690,34590428,Posted: 29 August,all,Shake n' bake,"Absolver is a wonderful advanced pvp game with good tactics and neverending combat. But though it's fun as hell and really tactful, it's laggy, and the Ai is only a threat in groups. I'd reccomend making friends fast because those enemies will gang you fast, and you'll probably need saving like I did. Overall a great game, but could use some work on optimization."
76561198180380561,Recommended,473690,34590641,Posted: 29 August,all,-S0lstice-,*Will update laterSorta Feels like if you had complete control of the combat from the arkham games instead of just pressing a button to parry u have to time the direction and speed of each attack.
76561198014465079,Recommended,473690,34590649,Posted: 29 August,all,SOMEHIPPIE,Love the games atomosphere and art work id just buy it for that... but thinking about it this is the steam review listDownloaded 3.9gb gamegot changed from workmanaged to downloadstarted it upkicked some tutorial bots IN THE FACEgot to the real online gamemet a friendkicked everyone IN THE FACEbowed(you always bow Always!)quit after 4hrs straight gameplay...slightly regret it... but what a gamehad fun thanks for reading my awful review(get it if u rly want it) :D
76561198058369472,Recommended,473690,34589568,Posted: 29 August,all,Buraun,"Unleash your inner Jackie Chan, Chuck Noris and Bruce Lee in this great Martial Art focused game! Take in the Combat Deck and build your very own fighting style by using the already excisting attacks. Fight in 1v1 to test who is the strongest or team up with random people or friends to take on the world itself!  I approve of this game and suggest due to the low asking price that you get it!"
,Recommended,473690,34589575,Posted: 29 August,all,Kamikaze Failure Rami,"Great game. Hopefully, they add more to the game soon."
76561198008051386,Recommended,473690,34590295,Posted: 29 August,all,Crafty Mario,"loving it so far, will return for a more indepth review"
,Recommended,473690,34590222,Posted: 29 August,all,AnalogFrog,If you love fighting in a beautifull place with a really nice and customizable fighting mechanic get this game
76561198048165650,Recommended,473690,34590260,Posted: 29 August,all,PJSalt,Love it.
,Recommended,473690,34590271,Posted: 29 August,all,Duffy The Talking Cat,Really good!
,Recommended,473690,34590276,Posted: 29 August,all,gumby,lmao this game is dope af:1. dark soul and for honor combined (kind of)2. dope as gear and best cape/cloth simulation engine ever3. you dont even need gear to win so it's an actual skill based game4. everybody i've met have honor (unlike one game that has HONOR in the name)5. just buy it you will know why it's so fun
76561198159573284,Recommended,473690,34588178,Posted: 29 August,all,Blastman1,Good looking combat game
76561198346466004,Recommended,473690,34589461,Posted: 29 August,all,Depressed Mouse,Graphics: 7/10gameplay: 10/10story:5/10PVP:10/10PVE:9/10overall: 9/10final thoughts: A fun martial arts game that lets you create your own fighting style and you can start a school to teach it the gameplay is very good it's like for honor mixed with dark souls the Graphics are very artistic it looks very pastel all though the game  doesn't have modern realistic amazing graphics it still looks great like firewatch the story is mysterious because it really doesnt tell you anything the setting is very intresting
,Recommended,473690,34589471,Posted: 29 August,all,BetaTester,Where a map?
,Recommended,473690,34589483,Posted: 29 August,all,♥P3R35AN5,Git gud kids.
76561198066807448,Recommended,473690,34589530,Posted: 29 August,all,andre19d,"CombatThe combat is enjoyable, IF you enjoy a certain sense of decision making with your attacks. Each attack has a different speed, power and range, which means you can do things like using an attack to get out of a combo or jump onto your enemy from afar to iniate a combo. It does have a slight feel as dark souls because of the decision making with your attacks, but getting hit is no where near as painful as it is in dark souls.The restThe art style, i find is beautiful and reserved. Like a mix between cell shaded and pastle. The world of the game does seem a bit lifeless though. There are small packs of enemies in most areas with a boss in each area. Once you run into other players though, it brings back the life of the game. So far almost every player Ive ran into hasnt been hostile toward me and was willing to work together to fight the bosses, so I havent had any issues with the bosses, like i read about others having. NOTHING LIKE SOME JOLLY COOPERATION!Seriously though the game is fun and i found myself losing track of time playing it. The AI can be hard if you run face first into them like a goober. So dont be a goober, because i get tired of reading about ""how hard the game is because i just ran into a pack of enemies thinking i could 1 shot them all but i died instead"" reviews of the game."
76561198060356804,Recommended,473690,34589951,Posted: 29 August,all,Jin,I just really enjoy the combat. Map system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but it's so worth it.
76561198052997680,Recommended,473690,34589888,Posted: 29 August,all,Lord Genome,Don't buy this if you want a story. Buy it if you want solid martial arts gameplay with a customizable moveset.
76561198040546775,Recommended,473690,34589902,Posted: 29 August,all,Piachu,"Combat feels great, and also looks great!"
,Recommended,473690,34589910,Posted: 29 August,all,Slicin Lunix,This is is great. I have technically beat the game. It has about 4-6 hours of story but it depends on how good you are at the game and if you coop or not. This game will need DLC for story hopefully free story in order to really make it better. Has connection issues but it's the first day. Other than that I do enjoy it a lot.
,Recommended,473690,34589922,Posted: 29 August,all,AshHole,Soild 8/10Game looks stunningCouple of day one issues as alwaysCouple of crashesAnimation is beautifulcombat is wonderfull and feels perfectoverall short game took 5hourse to beat every boss however thats without touching pvpthe Twins boss has a bug where one of the twins vanishes when (SPOILERS) Swords are drawnOpen world pvp is seamless as prommised.no fast travelBeautiful art bookAmazing OST
,Recommended,473690,34588035,Posted: 29 August,all,BaderSmile,"Very nice game! some buggs, some strange things but murtch funn. if your trying to play with a friend you will most likely not be able do... most likely ""can't find player in region"" then you cant join."
,Recommended,473690,34588042,Posted: 29 August,all,Sham,"It's too early to say if the game is any good on a long period of time, as I just begun. But with a combat system as refined as that, it's clear that this game can be a lot of good things he's not currently mature enough to be. Give it time, a wise enough supervision over time by the dev team, and it will be a masterpiece"
76561198071313485,Recommended,473690,34589596,Posted: 29 August,all,Drewid,"At time of writing which is day 1 of release,Buy this game if you're interested in a dark souls-style game with for honor-style combat and a very brilliant artstyle.Don't buy if you're looking for a rich story with lots of content, the game has about 5 hours of actual goal driven gameplay which then abruptly ends with a single boss fight (and not a terribly difficult one compared to earlier bosses at that)PvE is very interesting and fun, PvP at the moment is only 1v1's with long loading times.The customisation in the game is quite good but there's room for improvement, and the comabt system is very fun but has some balancing issues at the moment.In conclusion, most of the major issues of this game can be fixed with updates, I just hope they don't make further story content paid dlc (at least not highly priced) since there's very little in the game at launch."
,Recommended,473690,34589610,Posted: 29 August,all,D4RT,This is an amazing DS style game. Its highly based on pvp but there are pve elements. The gear is different original and graphical style is amazing. For me this game gets a 9/10 but it currently has a few bugs wich for some can be game breaking. It runs 60-70 fps on my 1050ti with 16 ram and is probs one of the best games i played in months! def get it!
,Recommended,473690,34589618,Posted: 29 August,all,KwennyS || CN,the only reason for negetive reviews is because they dont have a controller or a good enough pc.great game.
,Recommended,473690,34589635,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr.Been,UHhhhhhh Kung Fu pls
,Recommended,473690,34594122,Posted: 29 August,all,Pretty Metal,"if connection issues weren't a thing, it would be 10/10"
,Recommended,473690,34594147,Posted: 29 August,all,Homak,Don't try to kick somebody out or  you'll fall with them
,Recommended,473690,34592015,Posted: 29 August,all,Quit Ur Wah Wah,"Thumbs up because it is exactly what I read it to be.I do not feel this game was misrepresented at all.It is not a story based game so I do not understand why people are confused about this. The open world is basically there for basic lore and acts as a replacement for boring tournament ladders to grind levels.It feels like a hybrid of a few games in a way I think is fun. I admit I havent even touched PvP yet and I'm almost 7 hours in so I cannot speak about any of some peoples legit technical problems. I am confident this will all be worked out ASAP.I see potential growth and the devs show promise to come through with it if we all work together to help make this an even greater experience.Legit technical issues aside (I luckily have found near zero on my playing times) I think if you are a person interested in this game, do your research and take it for what it says, not for what you want it to say it is./bow"
,Recommended,473690,34592063,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr.BMO,"This game has problems but nothing major for me, i personly love the combat. but i feel 30$ is WAY to much for what this game has to offer in its current state."
76561198373440515,Not Recommended,473690,34604581,Posted: 30 August,all,ArudorinJuhi,The good is almost very satisfying except for server issue. Me and my friend will be enjoying if they will find a solution for this problem. PLEASE FIX THE LAG ISSUE.
,Not Recommended,473690,34604583,Posted: 30 August,all,Timmeh,"I had 1 fight against what I assume was a fellow Aussie and it was fantastic! I walked further into the map and then it all went to hell. Lag was insane, teleporting all over the map. This occured when fighting NPC's as well as players whilst online.The game itself is good, the fighting is fun and being able to edit your fighting style is fresh and exciting. However, in it's current state, not being playable online and playing offline feeling rather boring, I can't recommend to oceanic players.If these issues are resolved, I'd be happy to buy the game again and change my review."
,Recommended,473690,34605049,Posted: 30 August,all,μstic,"Great Game but thera are a few bugs. Once the World don`t load fast enouth so i fell threw the world and had to restart the game. Sometimes some Objects wasnt loaded. And if you are in a lobby with someone with a very hig ping, you cannot attack or change your stance.But at all the Game is awesome and i love to play it!"
,Recommended,473690,34605051,Posted: 30 August,all,DisasterMonk,A fun fighting game with an interesting overworld and a great combo building system.
,Recommended,473690,34600900,Posted: 30 August,all,mimocrocodile,"Okay, after another several hours with the game, desync and lag happened to me only about 3 times of 20 or so battles, can't say if my opponents experiencing it while i don't tho, cause sometimes they act.. well, out of the ordinary. I wasn't been able to lose a single fight yet and only two of them were actually a bit challenging. Also it seems that having lags depends on where you enter trials in the game world. Like, starting area gave me 4 lagged battles out of 5, and after i moved to the harbour and arena it happened only a couple of times in a several dozens. Go figure, either number of players and server load dropped significally or it really depends on the place.Fighting is fun, btw, so i change my recommendation to positive."
76561198263092933,Recommended,473690,34603658,Posted: 30 August,all,Meetmymain,Great and Unique Game
,Recommended,473690,34603861,Posted: 30 August,all,warshotcv,Absolver is a wonderful game. The combat mechanics and it's system is unique interesting and quite enjoyable. Visuals are good enemies are easy once you know their move set and then comes live pvp the most emphasized part??? So far i've played I'd rather play solo (which can be done going to an altar and making it invitational only) than play with others. Not because they try to kill/interupt me but rather the host/server/map change makes it annoying when i find new people entering and suddenly i see ai ignoring me teleporting people and ai and range combat (basically i can be hit far away by their fist although i am not fighting stance/range? Overall playing solo is enjoyable and i'd recommend it to play with friends especially when you team up with a random and both of you want to go in the opposite direction. 4/5
,Recommended,473690,34603520,Posted: 30 August,all,https://mail.aol.com/,"D A R K S O U L S L I K E(not really)Ok so this game is actually amazing but please realise this game is made by indie developpers and also realise that this game has just launched so be ♥♥♥♥ING PATIENTother than that the game is amazing and it runs fine,multiplayer needs work as you are hit with moves you didn't even see hit you.it just takes a long time to learn just keep at it and dont refund in the next hour just because the online ""dont work""this game is like a flower give it time and it will blossom"
76561198072545349,Recommended,473690,34603825,Posted: 30 August,all,NOT ME,"It's a nice game, different combat style and very fun. I would say that the skill gap seems really big, theres a good amount of mechanics in the combat system for you to learn and master, which extend the game date i hope. You also have a option to start your own ''Dojo'' and teach other players, although idk how it works, it seems like a good idea. I find the art very pretty, even the graphics being dated, the art is nice, the gearsets are nice and there's a lot of gear, which is also nice. The ''campaign'' it's really not the focus, you run around get to the boss and then proceed, you can get a bit lost but the map isn't so big, so it's fine. PvP which is the focus of the game, so far seems okay, sometimes you will come across some lag, the guy performs a attack really far away, and u still get hit, which is kinda annoying, but the only real problem so far is the matchmaking itself, if you go on the combat trials, there's a real chance that you will get paired agains't a much high level guy, which have high level gear and higher stats. Sometimes you won't be able to break a sequence from the drunk guy, because he's level 40~ and very agile, and you are like forsaken lv 7, yea it sucks. Other than that, i think the game opens the market for this kind of combat, hope to see more combat systems like this."
,Recommended,473690,34604413,Posted: 30 August,all,Max,"TLDR of all the reviews;+ives'Gameplay greatFluid and integrated combat systemLovely art style (turn AA to low)Easy to join friends (Invite through steam when at altar)Incredible attention to detail with regards to the number of moves and their appearanceI could spinning kick a dude in the headRich and challenging combat deck (This aint no button masher)-ives'Laggy multiplayer integrationLack of story and objective based play (creating a sense of repetition)Unbalanced arena matching (level 20+ vs level 2)Lack of a map on demand leads to some aimless wandering (although npc's and players will keep you busy)Feels a bit empty when not in multiplayer, but requires a decent internet and a bit of server love"
76561198085368001,Not Recommended,473690,34604468,Posted: 30 August,all,gandarf,"I can confirm the complaints about lag. Even PVE content lags since things seem to happen server side. You will be hitting NPC's and nothing happens, then all of a sudden things catch up. This seems to happen especially when other players enter the same area that you are in (which happens all the time). The netcode/servers are definitely not good enough right now.Have played similar games just fine  from my location (far from EU/NA servers) with 200ms ping. 200ms shouldn't = unplayable.Absolver CANNOT handle latency.Refunded."
76561198058212429,Recommended,473690,34585604,Posted: 29 August,all,★Fristajlo★,I like this game its a bit hard but its very funny :)
,Recommended,473690,34602501,Posted: 30 August,all,AnOceanHeart,"I really love it! The combat system, move system, cosmetic options, music, art direction... everything really. It also is trying something different which you don't see much these days and I love how they experimented and came up with such a fun system.I have a few minor gripes (server problems) but considering this is a $30 indie title with promised post-launch support I am perfectly happy with it. If time goes on and things aren't addressed or support is dropped quickly that might change my review but otherwise it's great.PS - Also people keep calling the story part 3hrs which is wrong... you need to re-fight the bosses after a certain amount of PVP to unlock further portions of it."
76561198008149534,Recommended,473690,34602539,Posted: 30 August,all,SlacK CaT,A Martial Artists dream come true....Absolver features:A Beautiful world rendered in a unique way4 individual fighting schools of the arts (3 playable at start)Multiple moves within your chosen school that can be learned and used to build your perfect fighting styleWeapons with completely independent moves and attacksScore and loot gear with custom options and different specsPvP mode to unleash your inner skill or choose to fight the campaign aloneLevel Up your attributes on your path to becoming a ****Master****Excellent Game for a Fair price....$29.99Absolver gets:   <<9.1 out of 10 Stars>>
,Not Recommended,473690,34602573,Posted: 30 August,all,Claymore,"Have fallen through the map mulitple times, enemies being pushed into walls where i cant get to them. The camera angles are very frustrating when trying to fight someone in close quarters or uphill and some important keys are unable to be rebound. The gameplay is still amazing however they need to fix alot of things and I don't see how this could be regarded as a finished product. Servers promised for OCE yet were not delivered, it is unplayable for OCE because in multiplayed npc and players teleport you around when hit and it is almost impossible to hit them. The art style and combat are amazing however once again for a game that claims to be coop multiplayer you are unable to do that if you live in OCE. In conclusion, they need to fix this game before it can be considered a $30 USD game and without OCE servers I doubt it will last a month within this region."
76561198014235936,Recommended,473690,34602615,Posted: 30 August,all,Exilicon,"This is a fantastic game. That said I would advise caution if you are interested. This is mainly a PvP game and right now that element is a bit broken due to the servers going down and the lag that occurs when they are up. Hopefully these issues get solved soon. With that in mind I suggest this game wholeheartedly, though I advise those who don't want to experience these issues to wait a bit to get the game."
76561198081291853,Recommended,473690,34602675,Posted: 30 August,all,Life,"If Destiny, Dark Souls, and For Honor had a threesome...you would get this game."
,Recommended,473690,34602726,Posted: 30 August,all,Veltax,"Beat the main story in just 2 hours, so if you plan to get it for the singleplayer dont, this game is meant for onilne pvp."
,Recommended,473690,34602576,Posted: 30 August,all,Shixma ッ,"Super fun, while the PVE is short PVP is the main aim of this game and the devs did say they would be adding more PVE in future updates! Pretty hard in the beginning but is very rewarding when you learn how to use your deck properly!The world is absolutely amazing, the art style is beautiful and the world feels a lot bigger than it really is.The deck/combo building is amazing, its pretty easy to create lopping decks to make your build easier to use!Some of the bosses are a little annoying, especially if they use the windfall style as they seem to dodge every single attack otherwise this game is create"
76561198094606240,Recommended,473690,34602636,Posted: 30 August,all,LF Gaiden wheels,Very unique game that I love despite the fact I'm terrible
,Recommended,473690,34602771,Posted: 30 August,all,RVM Ent.Hoaviệt,Kung Fu Fighting
76561198043547325,Recommended,473690,34603500,Posted: 30 August,all,OMW2FYB,"couldn't dive into game nonstop because of irl issues so my playtime is really short but so far it was an amazing experience.btw do not care about negative comments if you are not aussie since like all of them are aussie. their bad comments are not about game, it is about server issues."
,Recommended,473690,34602800,Posted: 30 August,all,Blanc,"Great game, I've been really enjoying it so far. good buy, a solid 8/10  :D Super Recommend it if you like PVP"
,Recommended,473690,34602827,Posted: 30 August,all,Vitrox,"I'm an avid fighting game player with over 13 years of experience with street fighter and tekken, and this game is simply a joy to play. I beat it in one sitting as the game is meant to be played with others. The meta is increasingly deep and ENDLESS. There's different directions to every attack, with four different ways to dodge those said attacks. The feint system is in the game and allows for unique setups with moves that you put together. The game has the potential to become esports due to how much skill it takes for learning good reads on the moves. It has dark souls elements, with for honors combat, and tops it off with a unique gear system that affects the way your combat plays. The game is a plus for my library, and I'm glad I played it. At the time of this review 8/30/2017, there are no in game shops. Everything must be earned through gameplay. The best gear can only be obtained through fighting other players. Think injustice 2 but better because you actually get good loot."
,Recommended,473690,34602207,Posted: 30 August,all,Tenevuk,Totally worth it
76561198048253002,Recommended,473690,34603271,Posted: 30 August,all,***MagicJohnson***,COOL GAME LOOKS LIKE IT HAS ALOT OF POTENTIAL
,Not Recommended,473690,34603335,Posted: 30 August,all,Cookiethief :D,"Australian here, the game is basically unplayable half of the time. Besides that good game... i think. Well re-review if they actually bring out OC servers"
,Recommended,473690,34601983,Posted: 30 August,all,AssassinSF,"Once servers were on I jumped into the arena. Beat my first opponent first 3 rounds we rematch. I get beaten badly, second rematch same thing. I learned some of his moves as we fought. I took in his most troublesome for my arsenal. Fight another guy, I win pretty handidly, then I loose the last two rematches. took in his moves. Fought another guy and used my new moves on him. We were pretty even but I end up winning all of the matches once I learned to duck his haymaker. So cool that this game is so fluid in learning new moves and mechanics. I haven't played for long but my first impression of this game is awesome. I chose windfall. It's not as frustrating losing in this game because you are always learning something."
69696969696966969,Recommended,473690,34601995,Posted: 30 August,all,One Tap Man,ez fun ez life
,Recommended,473690,34584259,Posted: 29 August,all,Svain,"Has a lot of potential.Cool mechanics. Different character customization paths, different moves, fightings bosses, pvp arenas etc.Had an issue with loading after finishing 1v1 arena, where the game would just be stuck on loading screen. Hopefully it will get fixed.At this moment would say 7-8/10. Recommended."
,Recommended,473690,34584275,Posted: 29 August,all,🅱poopydump,gud gaem
76561198162989724,Recommended,473690,34584277,Posted: 29 August,all,Therealgeek190,"Alright, first off, beautiful game, awesome concepts, amazing graphics, basically, the entire game is awesome. The people online are not always going to kill you, but always be weary, some are actually pretty nice. Try not to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and kill everyone on sight, then...well..bad things happen, I have not run into any bugs yet, low lag, in total, really nice game, I highly recommend buying it. Favorite experience of mine is where me and a few other people started going around, killing NPC's, and dancing by repeatedly pressing shift while out of combat. My rating: 30/10 would dance in Absolver again"
76561198071088876,Recommended,473690,34586703,Posted: 29 August,all,Tasho,A wonderful and satisifying game where you kick♥♥♥♥♥or get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked. Great with friends and alone.
76561198297957138,Recommended,473690,34586706,Posted: 29 August,all,UzumakiKush,"Gameplay and mechanics are awesome and have way more depth than expected.  Can't see spamming being a problem in this game, too many ways around everything.  Only issue so far are some server issues I guess, though I haven't experienced any personally."
76561198014317441,Not Recommended,473690,34586093,Posted: 29 August,all,BlindJester,"I asked for the refund. People are saying that the animations are fluid, but for me, the fight itself (especially against multiple enemies) feels a bit clunky. The enemies should hit each other when they're standing in the way of a punch or kick, but sometimes it does happen. In a game like this, animations, and hit collision are everything for me, and sadly the game doesn't give that I was looking for.The game can be laggy, but that'll probably pass. That's normal with every mmo game at the beginning."
,Recommended,473690,34586100,Posted: 29 August,all,Carrythings,unique as hell
,Not Recommended,473690,34586127,Posted: 29 August,all,A$AP Grocky,"It's fun. I went on a 10 game 1v1 winstreak. I thought to myself ""god, I'm so damn good at this game, I'm unstoppable!""When it got to about 25+ wins in a row, I added a few people, and asked if the game was laggy or if I was hitting them with the craziest mechanical outplays they'd ever seen in their lives.Unfortunately for me, I am not a god at this video game. I just get lucky with the connection and apparently the enemy can't even see the attacks I'm doing.The game is beautiful, the lag - is not. I probably would hold off on buying this game until the devs at Sloclap comment what they plan to do about the current state of the game. Wouldn't recommend it right now, but that may change."
,Not Recommended,473690,34586131,Posted: 29 August,all,Fagboy Supreme,"Woke up early to play this gameCan't connect to the online servers, no explanations provided.Will most likely refund by the end of the day if i can't connect online.Too bad, this seemed like a great title too."
,Not Recommended,473690,34586560,Posted: 29 August,all,Spenta BonBon,"Fooled into thinking this could be played in co-op BUT NOPE, it's region locked. The game gives 0 interaction between Euro and NA players. Definitely would not recommend a game that does this in 2017"
,Recommended,473690,34586578,Posted: 29 August,all,osbornia,"Extremely fun, decievingly simplistic with alot of room to create complex movesets, right now the servers are a little wonky but I have confidence the online play will become more stable past launch day, if you like zen like games with no spoken dialogue, great relaxing music and environments and martial arts duels I do reccomend this game, just dont expect alot of story nor varied gameplay it is central on fighting and not much else."
76561198142345251,Recommended,473690,34594202,Posted: 29 August,all,sgt | Topflappen,*attacks random guy**gets killed*gets picked up by guy**cooperates with him**clears out two areas**half an hour later**sees opportunity to throw him off edge**throws him off edge**is heartbroken**runns to last respwan point**finds same guy**guy forgives me**we have one last epic showdown*then we go our seperate ways*10/10 would cooperate againIn memory of the best guy i ever met in this game dremol04
,Recommended,473690,34593837,Posted: 29 August,all,Swiftnicity,"It's an amazing PvP game.Wait, what PvE?"
,Recommended,473690,34587964,Posted: 29 August,all,☠Elimination☠,"What a fun game. Hilarious duels, knocking each other in the water. Co-op is where it's most fun. Challenging game as well, bosses are not super easy, and coming across players that may or may not help you throws that extra challenge into the mix. I have not experienced any lag issues online.If you're into challenging games, you'll have fun here. If you are someone prone to rage-quitting or don't like occasionally losing to other players out in the world, you probably won't like this.The only thing I could see being a problem is longevity. It's a lot of fun right now, but it will need a steady flow of fresh content in patches or DLC going forward if it is to have staying power over the longrun.My specs:Core i7 7820HKGTX 108016GB DDR4Installed on 7200rpm Mechanical."
,Recommended,473690,34594062,Posted: 29 August,all,Bleach,An uphill grind to become the best fighter absolver at its core is a very good game but is not for everyone
76561198063896054,Recommended,473690,34594038,Posted: 29 August,all,Kesrels,Solid game. PvP has great potential. Only negative being the somewhat unstable servers.
,Recommended,473690,34594270,Posted: 29 August,all,Jetpack Jones,It scratches that Kung Fu itch
76561198058604553,Recommended,473690,34594115,Posted: 29 August,all,Spudgunner,The game is good but has bugs popping up fairly often(hitting people feels ♥♥♥♥in fantastic)
76561198071714579,Recommended,473690,34593513,Posted: 29 August,all,[DFS] grab the belt,"Ah. Absolver. The stories I have with this game, and the encounters I had in the first hour of gameplay. It was back in '84 when I noticed a strange man come up from round a corner. We bowed and teamed up. Fighting the miniboss was a piece of cake with his help. But in the crossfire punches were thrown a bit too close. A minor inconvenience, but the real battle is between us and him. A bit of fisticuffs later, and the boss falls. The dust settled as we stared into eachothers preorder gear. Our enemy was dead, but our fists were still ready. We were aching for more. We both knew we should test the pvp system and our curiousity killed our friendship. The timing system worked its charms as punches were flung both ways. He fled after losing 1/4 of his health. Its always hard to say goodbye. I move away and begin searching. I find a petite rock cairn. I look into the item description as I compare the stats. Its not great, but ok. As I am distracted, my not-so-much-friend-anymore enemy rounds the corner! He is in a full sprint. He is on a mission. I immediatly try to spam my way out of the menu, going so far as to enter another one with my frantic button pushing. My health ticks away as I ready my fists for our final battle. Kicks are flung and stamina is depleted. We stare into eachother once again. We rush into eachother once again. With all of my focus and timing, I empty his life bar. I am so proud! My first pvp experience! But the initial rush of adrenaline losses its grip and Im left alone in a small courtyard. There is a moment of silence and a bow. I gaze longingly into the glowing mask on the ground. My initial feelings of joy and pride are overcome with loss and loneliness. My wild thoughts of being a roaming pvp master vanish, and I am only left with myself, and my inner demons.Every night in my dreams. I see you. I feel you.11/10 would make then kill friends again"
,Not Recommended,473690,34592923,Posted: 29 August,all,Arc,No Aus server. Unplayable online.
76561198133956305,Recommended,473690,34592961,Posted: 29 August,all,Vijayterian123 | cs.money,Awesome gameplay
,Recommended,473690,34592523,Posted: 29 August,all,bringsallyup,"First off, I'd like to say thank you to the developers who took the time to make this game at current state; of course an early release has some bugs, what game doesn't, but these developers capture skillful gameplay with aesthetically pleasing environmental details that adds to the feel; reminds me of a souls-esk/for honor style game that has wonderful rpg elements. I'm looking forward to the future of this game and what it brings to the table; I find it funny to see all the negative reviews by those who have an hour or less of gametime; if you guys don't want to take chances on early releases, don't buy them; to post reviews negatively about bugs and what not is completely idiotic and ignorant. Looking forward for more to come in this game; GJ guys."
,Recommended,473690,34593026,Posted: 29 August,all,KOREAN,GG
,Recommended,473690,34593088,Posted: 29 August,all,DragonMaster576,When i first saw this game the combat reminded me of for honor but in this game the movement is so much smoother for me especially during combat but their are still some bugs that need to be fixed in updates but all around a great game.
,Recommended,473690,34593516,Posted: 29 August,all,Dallas ✪,"Great game, like the graphics and the gameplay"
76561198002997110,Recommended,473690,34591079,Posted: 29 August,all,wookie_hunter,Noice Game
,Recommended,473690,34591090,Posted: 29 August,all,ninja unicorn,lets get one thing stright THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVERYONE. with that in mind i really enjoy then game and if you like fighting/ brawling games give it a try you can always refund
,Recommended,473690,34591112,Posted: 29 August,all,OV3RH34T,"Disclaimer: Only 3 hours of gameplay at the time of this review.The game looks and feels awesome, I have no connection issues that other people seem to be having, maybe it's something with their region.The controls are fluid, the deck building is awesome and so is the move learning system. Some people are calling the gameplay clunky but I'm guessing they didn't spend much time building a good combat deck. Not all moves go well together and it is necessary to think properly about how you are going to mix and match moves in order to have a decent moveset and with 3 hours of gameplay I managed to get a fully working set which is having no trouble whatsoever.There are bugs, but nothing major that can't be expected in the release day, hopefully they will be adressed quickly, like some random crashes and the reviving issue that makes you have to restart the game.If you like martial arts and want a amazing fighting experience this game is for you, even with a few bugs and not very lengthy pve campaign (from what I've read in other comments)."
76561198039006248,Recommended,473690,34591113,Posted: 29 August,all,ExmanXPL,"Its difficult but satisfying, and you get to bamboozle kids with the faint."
76561198126035508,Recommended,473690,34593617,Posted: 29 August,all,Chief Slappahoe,"DISCLAIMER: THIS IS A PVP ORIENTED GAME DO NOT GO INTO THIS EXPECTING A LONG STORYNow with that being said I have a couple things to share:>Story is short, 3-6 hours depending on how rekt you get by NPC's and players>PvP is great although because of server issues I've only been able to do about 3 1v1 duels but I had a great time in every single one of them>AI is VERY challenging if you are alone, they mob you sometimes in 4v1 situations but you can get through it with time>The different fighting styles make this game feel fresh, grinding to get that one move you always get rekt by can be a pain but the reward is well worth it in my opinion>As of right now, everyone is very nice and very coop friendly. I have yet to meet a single player that only wants to ruin your day over and over again.>Levels don't matter as much as you think. If you memorize your opponents attack patterns and fight smart YOU CAN WIN>In my opinion, this game isn't like For Honor where you get killed by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t moves and barbarians pushing you off a cliff, it is a game of skill and knowing your opponentAll in all I give this game a 7/10 (because of launch server issues) I will change my review once the issues are fixed but right now it is pretty annoying not being able to play the PvP."
,Recommended,473690,34592190,Posted: 29 August,all,Moostarde,YepYep Great game
,Recommended,473690,34592212,Posted: 29 August,all,Tumor_Salmon,"After getting the game on release  and playing it all day I say it has been money well spent, god knows I've spend twice the amount on bad games *cough*for honor*cough*  Despite a learning curve the game is super fun and succeeds where other games like for honor failed. All in all the game is great and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,473690,34592217,Posted: 29 August,all,MrWewo,This game had me chocked!!- The flow of the game +1- The art style of the game +10- The humbleness in every player... that bows before a duel. +200- The Achivment you get in the end game +2000- The first mask you get +30000- The first crash +400000- THE RANDOM PLAYERS THAT COMES UP AND HELPS YOU FOR GETTING YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥WOOPED BY 7 NPC'S AND THEN TURNS ON YOU +9000000000000000000000000i srsly feel like this game is the best one out YET. and i'm sure if there is a DLC coming with more story. i'll take it!
,Recommended,473690,34592773,Posted: 29 August,all,Labrynthus,"A very complex fighting game that punishes button mashing and favors a more elegant and disciplined spin on things, perfect for a pvp glory hound type of person like myself.Get it, get gud, get lost.8/10"
,Recommended,473690,34583499,Posted: 29 August,all,M1ckey,great indie game waiting for updates and news ...(Haters they... they'r everywhere )
76561198009002850,Recommended,473690,34591552,Posted: 29 August,all,Secret Wizard,"This game is really neat. 10/10If you enjoy exploring/fighting in a Dark Souls/butt clenching fashion, then this game is an absolute steal at $30.PROs:Responsive combatVery unique leveling/combo building system (like something I've never seen before)Beautiful art styleVery fun combat!ChallengingPvP is incredibly sweatyCONs:Hmmm... none so far.My thoughts:You essentially get to craft your own fighting style that flows in a manner that you deem advantageous. New skills are learned by defeating NPCs and other players (intense af) in a sprawling open world 'esque' environment. It's relatively ""small"" compared to something like Skyrim, but you could compare it to maybe two  Dark Souls zones(ish). The enemies appear to be adapting to my growing skill and it's quite a challenge. I'm loving it."
76561198070589571,Recommended,473690,34592122,Posted: 29 August,all,Caleb,"If you like Dark Souls, you will love Absolver. It is a slow, sad adventure through a fallen empire, with your character on a quest to become an Absolver. You create a character perfectly tailored to your fighting style, customizing each and every move you make. If you want a slow, beefy brawler who can absorb hits or a quick agile fighter who can dodge enemy attacks with ease you can make it, and go even deeper by customizing your moveset. from moves like a spinning kick or a straight punch you can make your fighting style yours."
76561198122561653,Recommended,473690,34592128,Posted: 29 August,all,looking for resonant production,"first lunch dived in for 6 hours non-stop. Gameplay itself is awesome. The only downside of this game is its occasionally insufferable lag issues when doing world pve or pvp. However in 1v1 mode this issue is not so serious, so overall experience is not bad and still recommanded."
76561197991565861,Recommended,473690,34592138,Posted: 29 August,all,supacrazee,Awesome
76561198181356074,Recommended,473690,34592709,Posted: 29 August,all,Anthrax300,Good I liked
76561198046769406,Recommended,473690,34592446,Posted: 29 August,all,Scrazeloppe,"Most in depth fighting game I've ever played. It's For Honor, but the way it was meant to be. I love the graphical art style, reminds me of Rime, among other types of similairly graphical games. Only downsides is region lock, and 3 people can be in a group at one time only. Other than that. amazing game."
,Recommended,473690,34586662,Posted: 29 August,all,Dedepiktas,Realy fun game main pros:Skill based competitive playLoads of costumization in fighting skillsNice art styleAdictive gameplayCons:Need to balance some skills
76561198056278364,Recommended,473690,34586675,Posted: 29 August,all,HeroHorse,Gud
,Recommended,473690,34587502,Posted: 29 August,all,Fellandes theSociopath,"Mortal kombat x + For honor + Dark Souls gameplay = AbsolverThis game is amazing, i mean it really is. If you ever played Mortal Kombat Shaolin Monks you will get what i mean. Game is cheaper than most of the games. Cartoonish look is awesome. I really love this game. Everyone should check it."
76561198116371812,Recommended,473690,34587510,Posted: 29 August,all,thelordofkeks111,cool game
76561198020138502,Recommended,473690,34587513,Posted: 29 August,all,[FIP]Uncookedzebra,"This game makes low poly look pretty. The controls my seem basic but the actions that you are able to chain together or react to is pretty amazing. It is rather unforgiving when you rush into it, which makes sense as a adventure ish fighting game. You need to take the time to learn what the forms look like what moves to expect. Haters are gonna hate when they can't button mash a win."
,Recommended,473690,34587608,Posted: 29 August,all,Artecide,"+ Very nice artwork, although I can't quite achieve Ultra settings.+ Combat system feels fresh, and there's definitely a lot of depth to it even though I'm still a noob- I'm playing Offline for now whilst the servers are in high-demand, but I feel a bit lost/confused as to what I'm supposed to be doing. There's some praise to be given to the game for not holding your hand, but at the same time a little more direction as to what I should do/where I should go would be great"
,Recommended,473690,34586737,Posted: 29 August,all,Exxpeled,"Cliff Falling Simulator, 10/10"
,Recommended,473690,34587665,Posted: 29 August,all,AndersFuq03,"I've played this game for about 1-2 hours, and so far I find this game very good. There is some glitches here and there, for example, I got defeated by an enemy AI, and was just about to revive myself when the countdown turned from 50 seconds to 69,600 seconds, that is 19 hours. Well so I contacted Devolver Digital at Twitter (follow me @AndersFuq03), and they helped me out. But in conclusion, Absolver is a wonderful game in need of a little patch, and the people behind it, Devolver Digital is wonderful people! I strongly recommend this game!"
76561198026573683,Recommended,473690,34787081,Posted: 6 September,all,BLTasty,"Absolver is an ambitious fighter.  It is clever in its delivery and the controls and concepts are quickly understood.  The most notable comparison would be For Honor with its dueling style. But the creativity that Absolver provides and the lack of grabs forces combat to be a non stop smash fest. Online dueling although difficult is pretty rewarding, After playing against ultra fast builds I'm not sure if there is a reason to play super slow tank classes. But the beauty of the game is you have complete control of your speed by your choice of skills.Downsides:  Connectivity for me was impossible at first so I played through the campaign completely solo.  Also the campaign, leaves just as many questions at the end as you start with, which Isn't so bad.   But this is not a solo experience, it is a fighting game.   I hope there is more that is added to this game in the next year."
76561198145397236,Recommended,473690,34789367,Posted: 6 September,all,Wolfy,"I think this game is absolutely amazing and well worth the money you pay for to the visuals are stunning for the style the game has chosen to go with and the mechanics for fighting are also amazing the only fault I have at the moment would be the golden attacks where if you time it well you can attack a lot faster in a chain this isn't a good mechanic as it enables people to stun lock and it breaks the otherwise flawless fighting mechanics, I hope this gets fixed or changed in some way but other than that it is an absolutely outstanding game!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34773497,Posted: 6 September,all,Yenoh,"TL;DR: Fantastic game with an incredible amount of potential but is made almost impossible to play due to server issues and gamebreaking bugs. Will change this review if these are fixed but cannot recommend in its current state.Positives-Incredibly deep combat deck system that allows an extreme amount of meaningful customization-PvP is incredibly fun and is where the true worth of the game lies, learning an opponents style while maintaining mixups within your own is extremely rewarding-Every match is different and there in no real meta to the game, its a race between players when it comes to analysing eachothers styles-Very well tuned risk vs reward embedded within the core combat mechanics-The combat is just insane, it is the heart of the game and it is worth it by itself-Visually I find the style of the game very clean and appealing-The overworld provides a very nice organic tutorial-The school system is a great way to learn new styles and try other players combat decks-The combat trial system is a really cool way to do PvP matchmakign-Very well done ability sysemNegatives-Servers are extremely poor at launch for a game that is so timing/latency dependant-Game is very multiplayer focused so the limited singleplayer could be a deal breaker for people who are interested in that (I am personally ok with this game as multiplayer only)-No OCE servers at launch means it is extremely difficult and gamebreaking for Australians-Huge amount of gamebreaking bugs that require restarting the game every other PvP match, list I have found so far are as follow, at the moment this is so frustrating I would recommend avoiding till fixed. The longer I play the more often these appear.>effects like gravity not wearing off after 20s or even after death>infinite loading screens when entering or leaving combat trials>stuck on victory/defeat screen in combat trials>effects like healing not working (character model animiation does not play but the red glow appears and healing does not occur)>being matched with players in other regions>stuck in the altar menu when trying to join a combat trial>being unable to do class abilities like parry/dodge>character stops moving and responding mid game (offline and online) and nothing on screen moves, however the kill feed still works and you can see yourself being killed over and over again>glow animations on attacks stop appearing on all types of attacks>entering a combat trial just to find you don't have an opponent>after going through a load screen to enter a combat trial you are back in the overworld"
,Recommended,473690,34682880,Posted: 2 September,all,TheSmellyDevil,For Honor V2.0- this version includes a well design game.
,Recommended,473690,34692374,Posted: 2 September,all,Mas te Choly,"The combat of this game is fluid, fun, and rewarding for both players with good reactions, well thought out combat decks, and people that can adapt to their opponents playstyle. In my opinion, the most fun and fair combat I've seen in a game. When the servers went down I just ran around beating up random enemies for no reason other than it was simply fun. My only complaints right now about the combat is that there is too much insentive and not enough risk for players to simply put very fast attacks in their deck and then spam them (still counterable but very annoying) and playing defensivley to flee/heal when out of stamina is too easy, there should be a stamina penalty for running or backing away from your opponent to properly punish people when they run out of stamina.The PvE of this game is fun and intriguing, I just wish there was more of it. The bosses are not too difficult but still the most entertaining AI the game has to offer. There isn't much of a real story and the main bosses are the only people with real dialogue but the lore of the game is mysterious and interesting, and to be mostly put together from NPC text and item description, similar to the souls series. It does not bother me much at all, but I think the biggest flaw in the PvE is forcing players to progress through PvP levels to fight the bosses again without starting a new character. A simple fix would be to allow players to duel difficult AI in place of players so progress can be made offline or without having to fight players. Most of the gear in the game is obtained through PvP as well so some workaroundFinding your way through the world can be confusing and somewhat frustrating, but using the map to figure out which direction is which, and then venturing ouy to find and defeat the bosses was rewarding, and gives a reason for exploration. After some time, you get the hang of the map and memorizing the pathways is easy. However easy it may be, I still think that some sort of fast travel should be added for after you beat the final boss, as currently there is none.Overall, I'd give this game an 7/10, but once more content is inevitably added to the game, that score would definitely go higher. I have a lot of faith in the developers, they've done some good work and after talking to them on the official discord server, I know they care a lot about this game. I think that the mixed reviews currently are a misrepresentation of the game's quality. I know there were server issues that prevented a lot of the game from being playable, but upgrades have been made and everything seems pretty fine right now. Most of the other negative reviews are from people that were expecting more PvE from the game (it was always intended to be multiplayer-focused), and those that think the game is too hard. Avoid some of these angry negative reviews and watch gameplay online to see what the game is about. It's a gem."
76561198081909904,Recommended,473690,34784760,Posted: 6 September,all,ShieldWolf,"Aww man... I love the direction with where this game is going, but I feel like this is moreso a beta test than it is an actual final release.  But regardless, I think the game is fun.Here are some things I like and don't like about the game so far (and this is talking about 22 hours+ into the game and promoting from Prospect to Absolver).Likes:-  Mostly customizable fighting styles.  I like how most fighting styles are like fingerprints.  No two fighting styles are exactly the same (between human players, that is), and the process of creating your own unique style is an adventure in and of itself.  It goes in tandem with the type of equipment and attributes you tote around, so the possibilities are endless.  Even if two players happen to have the same fight decks, they also have to put into account the type of equipment and attributes they have, which makes things incredibly interesting.  Questions come to mind like, ""Why does that combo string work better for him instead of me?""-  Sporatic and cut-throat.  As a first-timer, you might crash and burn a lot, BUT don't be discouraged!  In fact, I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the first time I played because I felt like the difficulty curve was too wide, but I kept with it and learned through trial and error.  And, I'm talking with just NPCs!  Just calm down because this game takes some patience.  But, once you get the hang of it, it turns into an incredibly fast-paced rock-paper-scissor game.  Each encounter keeps me guessing and makes me want more!  Circling back to the previous paragraph, I just love watching what combinations get thrown out (even if I lose).-  Friendly fire.  I know it's weird, but I like the fact that you CAN hit your teammates.  HOWEVER, knowing this also helps you!  It's somewhat realistic in the sense that in a real life brawl, you might hit your friends.  Morbid, I know, but the magic is learning to NOT hit your friends.  I've recorded a session with a random player I just met and after playing with him/her for a while, we got around to learning each other's play styles and wove in and out of each other's attacks, and conquered our enemies as a single unit.  (You can watch it here:https://youtu.be/lqW3CR0DSSsand props to Charlie2-1.Probably the best partner I've had so far!)  I'm thinking about making tutorials about how to approach multiple targets with or without a partner.Dislikes:-  The idea of having random players come in the area and not knowing if they're going to help you or kill you is thrilling.  But, the problem is that sometimes we run into players that don't have a good internet connection, then things get wonky.  As previously stated, I felt like this game is more beta for this reason, but not just this reason alone.  Most of the time, you're going to be arguing with the game, because sometimes your attack doesn't get thrown out right as soon as you press the button.  You will experience button lag, and, as a fighter, you know how important keeping lag to a minimum is.  On top of that, you're going to be teleporting back and forth all over the place and many times it's led me to the depths of the abyss or in the warm embrace of my enemies.  But, when the connection cooperates, the game works like a dream!-  The storyline is short and it still makes me wonder why the world is the way it is.  After completing the quest of defeating the marked ones and ultimately promoting to Absolver, there really isn't much to do except gain new moves you haven't got yet, hit up the PvP mode, and constantly grind to max.  For now, it's alright for me, because I haven't maxed out and don't have all the moves yet.  But, I can imagine how boring it'll be once I get everything.  To make things a bit more grueling, you have to make level 10 or 30 on the PvP mode in order to progress through another couple instances in the game, which I yet have to do.Mixed feelings:-  You can't chat in-game, which I think is a little weird, but I also think that's what sets the vibe of the game.  The mysteriousness, not know who is friend or foe, is what intrigues me, but at the same time... I think it's a little weird.  I don't know how I feel about it, but for reasons, I like it, but otherwise, I just wish I could at least talk to teammates.-  When you cooperate with someone, die, then revive, you suddenly aren't in cooperation with that person anymore.  That I think is weird, because what if I don't want to separate from these players after we all die?  Sometimes, you're going to team up with someone who came in from the other end of the area and that means your spawning spots are at complete opposites of the area.  Then, you're going to have to make that trek to find your teammate... that is if you're even in the same instance anymore....  But, on the other hand, I think it's a fun adventure to have to fight your way to your teammate.  (Kind of like Romeo and Juliet coming together.  Bah ha ha ha!)  That way, when you finally contain the situation, you can cybernetically high-five each other.Anyway, that's my spiel.  I highly suggest getting the game if you don't mind exploring the many different combo strings available.  The game is centered around exploring, not the landscape, but your mind, maaaaannnn...."
76561198031563736,Recommended,473690,34750123,Posted: 4 September,all,Ryol,"Would be fun with a few friends. Fun solo too even if there aren't other people around to mess with. Combat customization is really cool an intuitive. The class system is unbalanced though. Parry is the best of them all (I pretentiously scoff at which devs thought it was worth the highest difficulty rating as it's the second easiest, but most rewarding to use) You block all incoming damage from ANY AND ALL ATTACKS and stun your opponent (guarenteeing a hit and the beginning of your♥♥♥♥♥whooping combo) and all you have to do is recognize if the attack is coming from the left or right. Absorb is the worst and deemed the easiest to use, though while it IS easy to pull off as you just move your mouse in any direction and it activates to block the knockback of any attack OTHER THAN GUARD BREAK MOVES, the biggest drawback is this doesn't even slow or stun your opponent, they'll just continue attacking and you NEED to get a hit in to revive the damage you absorbed, otherwise the hit that you've apparently absorbed is then still counted as a hit to your hp which is not worth the risk as you get no reward, not to mention you have to work for that non-reward with no movement debuff to assist you (but parry blocks all moves, reduces all damage from it to 0, no questions asked, AND. IT. STUNS?!). Avoid is the funnest to play, though it's the most difficult and frustrating to pull off in pvp. You can move the mouse up to jump, down to duck and left or right to strafe, this avoids all damage from any attack, slows them (no guarentee to hit afterwards ((remembering: Parry full on stuns them)) and it does recover some stamina too, given that you've avoided in the correct direction and with the correct timing (remembering again: Parry users only have to recognize left or right and timing, Avoid users have to recognize every angle and timing of every move), too fast and you will reduce all damage, but you will not slow them or recover stamina (doesn't help that this also requires precise movements with the mouse so it's very inconvenient to pull off and requires more focus and memory compared to parry or absorb, though atleast it's more rewarding than absorb).The lag gets a bit nuts (heat-seeking fists of fury) and you will have a few ""I swear to god this guy is hacking"" moments in the 1v1 fights. Game runs pretty well, though it crashes often, especially when in combat trials. I rate 7/10, fun to play and you feel badass, shy of a higher score because of connection issues and graphical bugs, hopefully the balance issue is sorted as it's really fun to play when not going against a parry user in pvp."
76561198253052568,Recommended,473690,34787439,Posted: 6 September,all,❤ Tac0Butt ❤,"im personally kinda on the fence for this game, its short but defidently fun for the time it lasts, however some of the time it more than doesnt feel fun. Due to sometimes bad game design and sometimes if your playing online the network issues can be unbearable, some other times its great.Aside from problems and some neato things one thing that is fantastic about this gameis the art, the art is fantastic in this game.All in all i would buy this game if you like fighting games that dont like you, But dont come into it overhyped as the unique content ends quickly"
,Recommended,473690,34584602,Posted: 29 August,all,Buem,"The first few hours have been really fun. In the beginning you'll need to learn how the game works and this can be difficult. But when you're finally able to kill others and more specifically bosses, it will feel very satisfying. Overall a nice PVP game with a unique art style and an extensive combat system.Edit about PVP gameplay: If you get easily frustrated from competetive games, think twice as I personally find this game to be fairly frustrating from time to time.Recommended!"
76561198138645303,Recommended,473690,34778866,Posted: 6 September,all,Toly-(@buyinganything@),Hey anyone who reeds this there is a few things you should know about this game.1. this game is really good figting game i enjoy it2.the combat feels great3.this game dosent have alot of game modes ATM it means you can do 1vs1 solo or coop only and the map isnt really that big and its kinda boring4.combat style are awesome5.this game will be updated alot for my opinion but for now i dont think there is anything to it exept 1vs16.overall when new game modes will be in the game i think its gonna be a really good game!
,Recommended,473690,34777685,Posted: 6 September,all,Fgt Spinner,"Making your own fighting style is one of the coolest experiences I've had to date, and the game's fun and devs seem responsive."
76561198067943604,Recommended,473690,34777425,Posted: 6 September,all,< blank >,"The game is focused around pvp, and it does that quite well if you ask me. It's fun to play and pvp matches only take around 5 min maximum usually (best of 5 1v1 mode, each round took me between 30s-1.30 min)+ Combat feels fluid and satisfying+ Can create your own combat decks+ big equip customization, which will affect your character stats (darksouls-ish)+ pvp is fun and well balanced- pve content is a bit on the short end- servers are somewhat unstable every now and then (probably gonna be better after a while)(- female chars seem to have male voices when getting hit? )"
,Recommended,473690,34617727,Posted: 30 August,all,lumin8,i think ive played 23 1v1's and i still haven't won a single one. 10/10
,Recommended,473690,34761639,Posted: 5 September,all,Movran,"Combat and gameplay is 9/10. Parry is pretty op right now. Charged moves are powerful even without the bug but still counterable. The story is quite disappoing and there aren't many aspects that would entice someone to purchase Absolver just for single player. With the current world it seems like they plan to add more to it and have stated so (?). It's a fighting game after all and the challenge of being good or even the best in the world is, what I'd say, what appeals to the players that go into this genre. That being said, I hope they improve the connection issues.Make a game with styles and some moves based from asian martial arts; as of this review, does not have servers for asia. The logic is flawed but i'm honestly surprised that they didn't play on that demographic even more. I love the game but when 8 out of 10 matches are decided by host advantage, it gets frustrating. Am I doing good/bad or is just the connection? I'm in SEA and can't even get a good connection to players in the surrounding countries; yet playing with someone from Japan and it's totally fine for both players? Doesn't make sense.Absolver has a lot going for it. Give it time to develop, right now it feels like a game in Alpha with the combat polished but everything else lacking. I still recommend giving it a go but don't expect online play to be that good yet."
,Recommended,473690,34793210,Posted: 7 September,all,Disgruntled Peasant,"+Amazing online pvp fighting game+great visual style and world+a lot of fun dueling random people as you explore+fantastic customisation of fighting styles-short singleplayer, the story is basically just the tutorial for the PVPin short, if you like online fighting this is your game, if you want a dark souls epic adventure then it is not your game."
76561198062931518,Recommended,473690,34794820,Posted: 7 September,all,Garbageman,"GREETOMS,This game is fantastic. The gameplay is tight. The depth behind the PVP is amazing, I have never in a long time been so excited while I am fighting another player. However, there are some glaring flaws in this. Namely the stability of the game itself, whether it be infinite loading screens during start up, or 5 minute waits in pvp while you are trying to connect to another player only to have you returned to the overworld (this seems to be an Aus specific thing from what I've found). Overworld lag is also an issue, even when you are the only one in the area the npc fighters tend to spaz out all over the place. I have a decent internet connection too and haven't had these kind of issues with other games. Those times where you have a good connection with another player and you have a good bout are just amazing. The deck building is the bomb. I love this game so much that I will still give it positive feedback, I just hope that these issues get addressed soon. I also hope to see further developement on the content of this game as far as progression goes or adding additional incentives to keep playing other than masks. I know it's early days in the release and you kind of have to expect these things these days. Fantastic concept, I hope these things get fixed soon so I can recommend this to my friends without caveats.GOOD DAY TO YOU.MUNG"
,Recommended,473690,34789605,Posted: 7 September,all,MajorLeeGaming,"Defintely a great game for matial arts and pvp, the graphics of this game is just absolutely amazing and the game mechanics are wonderfully made.With that being said, I'd like to acknowledge that you CAN actually spam in this game, I've beaten serveral online players that has 2x or 3x the level I have in the combat trials. Also make sure you have a stable internet connection, I live in Australia so it's pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥but manageable.Finally, the game requires alot of grinding, I'm completely fine with it but if you're not into those types of games, dont buy this game."
,Recommended,473690,34768333,Posted: 5 September,all,히로,I have really enjoyed the game so far! The PvP is absolutely fun and there is a great community more than willing to help you traverse the deep combat system.
76561198046702909,Recommended,473690,34790269,Posted: 7 September,all,Hemlet,"Do not buy this for a PvE experience. You will be sad and the game will be short.If you're more into fighting games or a general PvP experience, buckle in, because there's some things you need to know:-Learning moves, deck building, and the flow of combat in general is exciting and tactical. Trying to bait out and learn your opponent's move set to deal with it is tense, rewarding, and fun.-There is a way to deal with everything, despite what others may say. Reading the forums you'll read a lot about fast deck spammers and charge move spammers and healing runners and calls for nerfing/buffing/etc, and just as many people waving the ""git gud"" banner. I'm just laying this out now: every move and every tactic has a counter, and experimentation is your friend.-The combat is fun, lag is not. As of writing there's been more than a few network issues ranging from rubberbanding/lag to not being able to connect to the server. These issues are apparently being addressed but we haven't heard much yet. A game as reliant on reactions as this means lag is an absolute fun killer.-There is in fact a PvE experience, and it wears it's Dark Souls inspiration on it's sleeve. This is both a good and bad thing. The good is it makes the player base generally more social, as you have to communicate exclusively through emotes or punching, and the AI actually tries to fight well (move-cancelling, parrying/dodging your attacks, etc). The bad is that the map, as small as it is, is one of the most needlessly convoluted maps I think I've ever seen, and there really isn't much to reward any exploration you do except for more fighting or the occasional piece of gear. Nothing is explained to you beyond your initial goal (go beat up some bosses to open a door) and there's no map outside of when you're at a bonfi-I mean, alter. Also, when dealing with the AI it is rarely, RARELY a 1v1 fight, which makes fighting the AI more irritating than fun as NPC #27 and her 2 friends decide to jump you near a lethal fall. Mercifully, like Dark Souls, you can just opt to sprint past all of the NPCs to try and get to your destination or at least find more favourable combat conditions.Overall a very fun game if you're into PvP and don't mind getting positively rekd more often than not (if you're like me and have grandmother tier reflexes). The PvE is there, and has it's moments of being enjoyable in it's own right, but could have been fleshed out better for those who wanted more kung-fu adventure and less of a prolonged training mode."
,Recommended,473690,34790276,Posted: 7 September,all,Surfing,"please add asian server and please improve the server stability, this game has so much potential but..........my brother iko uwais love this game :D"
76561198083335803,Recommended,473690,34589858,Posted: 29 August,all,Be Back Soon,So far it's a joy to play. PvP is exciting and interesting. Most people seem to be friendly and more interested in cooperation instead of just being complete jackasses. Player customization is limited but the outfit options and RPG-like character leveling really makes the problem of character customization a non-issue. Have had tons of fun so far and plan on having much more. Would recommend at full price. Greatly recommend at sale price.
,Recommended,473690,34589864,Posted: 29 August,all,Ginge,"preorder, has an amazing feel smooth combat with several styles of play. few minor bugs with attacks not connecting but overall best new game i have played this year with a very positive release. good job devs 10/10 <3"
76561198007704758,Recommended,473690,34589866,Posted: 29 August,all,SgtCat,Some bugs to work out but overall very fun.  Love the customization of fighting moves.  Can't wait to see what devs can add to the game.
,Recommended,473690,34588937,Posted: 29 August,all,L0Linator,"If you're good at keeping your cool when you die because of the occasional glitch and you like in depth fighting games, this game is for you.I'm recommending it only because I have such a love/hate relationship with it still. Eventually I'm going to break something the next time I mysteriously slide off a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ledge.They NEED to fix that. GOD."
,Recommended,473690,34582741,Posted: 29 August,all,_J_,"I like this game a lot, but I'm having tons of fps issues with a radeon 7870, i5 3570k and 16 gigs of ram."
76561198255796400,Recommended,473690,34589163,Posted: 29 August,all,Bleston16,"Solid first title for new developers. Aside from some lag issues that can be resolved by playing offline, the combat is superb. Attempting to find the perfect balance between speed, power, and unpredictability with your combat deck is rewarding. Getting swarmed by three or more enemies is annoying, but can generally be overcome by being creative with ledges or working with others.Pro: Innovative combat system, nice atmosphere, good visuals.Con: Online lag is annoying, plot is lacking.8/10"
76561198026526166,Recommended,473690,34583512,Posted: 29 August,all,WHOA! Shut it Down!,great game i understand the complaints but has been running real smoothly for me
,Recommended,473690,34583524,Posted: 29 August,all,coyotes,"I love this game, the world is beatiful, combat is amazing, but there are a few bugs, it feels a little bit unoptimzed and some lag every now and then. The only downside gameplay wise is that the singleplayer is short and fighting more than 1 person at a time is really annoying.I reccomend it."
76561198070221956,Recommended,473690,34583474,Posted: 29 August,all,DanyalZ,Right now i DEFENITLEY reccomend this game. I'm on my third character figuring out what i like. Awesome game though so far.Also to note i do not play a lot of video games but this one caught my eye.Will edit the more i play. So far so good. Wait for more reviews!
,Recommended,473690,34582581,Posted: 29 August,all,Admiral Ufolog,"Absolver is Dark Souls inspired game with own unique world, atmosphere and battle system.Graphics is good for own style. As i mentioned above this game is inspired by Dark Souls series and contain similar concepts: multiple maps integrated in seamless world, checkpoints similar to bonfire, respawning enemies, shortcuts. Multiplayes seems also similar at the first look but really its different becausew you dont place summon signs or something like that. However, Absolver has own unique features making this game separate, especially own unique battle system based on combos, movesets and different stats. Unlike most of games with well developed melee battle system Absolver utilize mouse perfectly: you need not just to press correct buttons in correct time but you also have to move the mouse to fight. Its possible to describe much more things related to the game and gameplay but i think its better to play. But keep in mind: this is not AAA title so dont expect too much from Absolver.9/10P.S.Absolver's multiplayer can be laggy depending on players."
,Not Recommended,473690,34583407,Posted: 29 August,all,Cyano,"As much as I like the game, right now it's okay. Not great but not terrible. I love how the game looks and the way it plays is amazing for a combat based game. The ping is relatively low going against other players that's just in the area. Don't expect everyone to be nice especially in the beginning areas. There's already people just camping outside the main tower. There is an option to turn off area matchmaking so you wont bump into anyone so there's that at least.A few issues for me will hopefully be fixed in the future. You have a choice of 3 ""abilities""/combat styles in the beginning. I chose parry. When I entered area's with players or was fighting more than 2 enemies, the parry's timing was off, hard. It was about a second delay from hitting the direction with the right stick (Used controller for this game)Second issue is really a minor one. With this game being ""Region Locked"", it's really great for PVP but it makes it difficult to play COOP with friends in other regions, which I can understand to stop people doing PVP against people with 200+ ping. I can only hope that there will be an option to enable region free COOP and lock out PVP for those players.Final issue is that this game isn't really new player friendly. With matchmaking, you walk into one of the area's connected to the main tower and instantly matchmaked with people that either: 1. Just go against the AI so ignore players, 2. Have no idea what they're attacking so they just attack everything, including players or 3. Higher level players that just wait for new players to come out, for good and bad. Have an option to flag yourself as PVP or PVE. Make it so it's still possible to have the social aspect of the game but not have a random player ambush you while you're fighting AI.That's about all my gripes about it. The game has potential for a great PVP game if the early game for new players were more friendly."
,Recommended,473690,34583430,Posted: 29 August,all,mastervastere,"Kung fu Souls with incredible art, insane music and a deep combat system. No bugs so far, runs incredibly well."
,Recommended,473690,34583260,Posted: 29 August,all,The Parrot 🤙,"Seriously? Why all of the negative reviews?I have a little over an hour into it and honestly, there isn't much of a story. It's more focused on gameplay mechanics. It's not a story driven game so if that's what you're looking for you might be disappointed.I haven't run into any bugs, performance issues or anything like that... Guys. You shouldn't leave a negative review just because you ran into a bug right off the bat. Let patches and time help you out because there are those that don't have any issues at all, it could be something on your end.The combat is really fun, you get to create your own fighting styles and dueling people is fun... You basically have to fight these NPC fighters to move up into the ranks and become an ""Absolver"". That's what I have gotten out of it.If you run the game and there are bugs, request a refund and wait a bit for patches I guess? It's not fair that so many people are rating it bad... Don't be scared to try this game if you're a fan of fighting games.Cheers"
,Recommended,473690,34582802,Posted: 29 August,all,Winkyface Exdee,I know krav maga 10/10 pretty fun game note this is for pvpers dont expect fun pve.
,Recommended,473690,34582814,Posted: 29 August,all,chickenGOD#legalizeAssitedSucide,"It's really smooth, but requires a learning curvei just wish you could change the keybind for parry, but all in all it's a lot of fun"
76561198043879826,Recommended,473690,34582819,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr.Walrus,"Game is amazing, awesome graphics, very fun to learn and a lot of tricksoh and you can fight anybody at any time?"
76561198066051671,Recommended,473690,34583171,Posted: 29 August,all,King Yolo Hashtag 420 Swag Rekt,"Its a damn good fighting game, very smooth movement and beautiful game play, highly recommend. 420 mlg for life."
76561198046626018,Recommended,473690,34583327,Posted: 29 August,all,LEWD,Much better than for honor. Server issues and some game breaking bugs are still present however and these need to be fixed.
,Recommended,473690,34583343,Posted: 29 August,all,Mr Duck,"Amazing ! this game is what i hoped it was good fighting experience no game crashes for me althought I see alot of people complaining maybe its their specs that are at fault and for bugs and glitches i see it there time to time but does not at all affect my game play at all for example enemies vanishing (thats a plus for me less enemies :) )  Also I know this game is gamepad recommended for me keyboard and controller has the same experience all and all this game is a musttttttt i cant express it enough if you like fighting games compact with actions, for me a solid 9/10 why nine you may ask no game is perfect but this game has great potential"
76561198130001782,Recommended,473690,34583359,Posted: 29 August,all,PaleDale,good.
,Not Recommended,473690,34583035,Posted: 29 August,all,loser,My gamepad isnt supported by this game somehow
,Recommended,473690,34583036,Posted: 29 August,all,Mathis,JUST LIKE DARKSOULS!!
,Recommended,473690,34583065,Posted: 29 August,all,Nevets,Great game:D
,Recommended,473690,34582678,Posted: 29 August,all,Malice The Freak,"I havent hit the 2 hour mark yet, but i dont think ill be refunding this game, its a fairly awesome concept of a game, i have yet to run into any of these bugs or glitches everyone else is complaining about, i know it just came out so the reviews should perk up a bit, but atm i dont feel mixed is very accurate, i mean for honor came out of beta with a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton more bugs than this, and people are complaining that its not early access so it has no excuse, but its got less bugs than most early access andd non early access titles ive played to date. All in all its been fun as hell, my only complaint is the map is a little confusing, but like dark souls 1 i find everything so far to be intertwined so once you figure it out, travel should become easy. hella good so far"
76561198018464737,Recommended,473690,34582682,Posted: 29 August,all,LuciferTerreurkiller,Good game and fun try it .. dont listen the bad reviews
76561198146110167,Recommended,473690,34582688,Posted: 29 August,all,'Iron' Mike Tyson,"SUCH A GOOD GAME! Finally! A game that feels like pure martial arts at its core. Combat system is phenomenal, the dodges, combos, and the STANCES ?!?! Dude I've been waiting on a game that also relys on your combat stance man, dream come true. WISH you can message people to say you whooped on em though! Coming from someone with a Combat Sports Background, I LOVE THIS GAME! You guys should incorporate more styles down the road! Like based on real life styles,  Boxing! Or Muay Thai, Also can someone message me on how I get the preorder mask and robe ? thanks!Great job on the game again!"
,Recommended,473690,34599971,Posted: 30 August,all,Talon Wren,"So far having a blast. Sadly have to work and other things. But so far its a buy in my book. Look at some you tubes if you are on the fence, it will show you what you need to know to make a decision."
76561198118533751,Recommended,473690,34599972,Posted: 30 August,all,TheEssence1,"Let's face it we all wanted to take karate or be neo at some point in our lives, and this game is just that!!! Great world, combat is immersive (and according to them, more to come in future updates), lovely visuals, yeah it lacks in story and the world while it isnt large somehow I got lost often it doesnt take away from learning new skills finding new gear and etc. More than worth the price tag and as long as it doesnt become For Honor its a gem!"
,Recommended,473690,34599982,Posted: 30 August,all,Gorreci,"This is the most fun I've had with a game's combat system since Dragon's Dogma.  For those curious, the game does have an offline, singleplayer-only mode.  This is what my first 5 hours have been playing as, since the servers have been down basically all launch day.  I think this game was a lot more successful than they thought it'd be.There's not too much to the game.  The depth of the game is entirely in the combat and combat deck combo-building system.  What is there I think is totally worth it though.  I haven't had this much fun fighting things in a long time.  The final boss was a tough, but absolutely exhilirating fight.  Like, you could take the fight right out of the game and put it in a super badass kung-fu/martial arts movie and it'd be right at home.  It's fantastic.  Never before have so many parries, blocks, feints, and dodges been so damn interesting.  The back and forth and the tension was fantastic.And that wasn't even PvP.  The devs have said that they plan on adding more content after launch, including more fighting styles/moves.  This will definitely keep me coming back.  It's like martial arts Pokemon.  Gotta catch 'em all!"
,Recommended,473690,34600041,Posted: 30 August,all,Maj. Fuzzy,"For those who don't know, Absolver is a build-your-own karate styled mmo(ish)/rpg. You journey throughout the game, picking fights with local madmen (Prospects), learning their attacks to make your own personal fighting style. The game also brings multiplayer into the mix, by letting you run into other players in your current area.Now about AbsolverThe Good:The game does have a lot of similar traits to the Souls Series (but not in a bad way). One such way is the way players are punished. To learn certain moves from enemies, you have to fight several enemies that use that same move. Once you learned enough of that move, and kill the prospect, you can officially use said move. If you die anywhere in between that, or flee from the fight, you lose all the progress you made, and the progress towards leveling up. I haven't gone too far into the game, but I know for sure I'm going to spend HOURS in this Absolver. I started out in the game as an Forsaken, and I can honestly say it's probably the best class in the entire game. Parrying is so unforgiving, but so satisfying! The game really teaches you how to play the game as well, and rewards you very well for remembering.Here some good starting tips for those who are planning to become parrying kings:-Black Masked Prospects will alway end with an upper elbow attack in their combos, just stand back until they do that, they've been the easiest prospects to parry for me.-Kahlt Prospects will always fight on one side during their combos, block the first attack to see which side their combo is on and then parry.-Forsaken Prospects are similar to the Kahlt Prospects: block then parry, but only throw 2-3 punches at them afterwards cause there's a good chance they will parry you back.-Stagger Style players are either very unpredictable, or very dumb. Parrying them can either be a chore, or a challenge. Regardless, I'd be very careful around them.The Bad:Most of the problems or glitches I’ve experienced with the game so far are not bad enough to ruin the experience, knowing that it will be fixed in later updates. But the real issue right now is playing online. The true online experience of Absolver is only for those who are lucky enough connect to a player hosting a server with good internet. Please if this game gets really popular, PLEASE switch to using dedicated servers, that would be a MIRACLE. I’m happy I was lucky enough to have the true experience (that is until the host logged off ;_;).Overall, Absolver is a great game, I love the art style of the game, its atmosphere is incredible! And if you’re a big souls fan, you will really love this game!"
76561198131554685,Recommended,473690,34600259,Posted: 30 August,all,"It's 47, yeah","Good gameHad some bugs, but not many"
76561198105865450,Recommended,473690,34600270,Posted: 30 August,all,Wigglehead,"I was pretty hyped about this game i watched many videos and my expectations were very high.Now that i am finally able to play the game by myself, i have to this game is great fun."
76561198115445502,Recommended,473690,34600057,Posted: 30 August,all,SlimLickens,"The only game that I can get absolutely destroyed in and still enjoy myself. 10/10, would get bodied straight to hell again."
76561198024716468,Recommended,473690,34606274,Posted: 30 August,all,Static Breed,"What a refreshing new game, love it."
,Recommended,473690,34606401,Posted: 30 August,all,Zip Zop Zoot,"Its a fighting game, played in the 3rd person that feels souls-esque. The combat is impactful and pleasant, as expected of a souls-esque game.There isn't much of a story, but this kind of game isn't really about a pre-set story. It is more-so about being thrown in a crazy world and making your way through that world, interacting with NPCs and characters alike.What makes this game really unique, is that you can customize your entire moveset. Each of your attacks are essentially a ""move"" that you can swap in and out to create your own button combos. Don't like that your basic attack is just a plain fist? Change it to a hammer kick! Or a palm strike. There are so many combos and so many different ways you can build your character, it is truely stunning.The way you learn skills is unique too. Each character and NPC starts with their own skill set, and you learn skills by fighting them, blocking them, and evading them. You can also learn moves from other players.Multiplayer is drop in - drop out and is optional. It is seamless, and you'll encounter other players as you continue your journey. Some will be your allies, some will be your enemies. Interaction between players is pretty important for the game's more intricate features (such as the mentor system, for an easier way to learn moves), and it is useful for the more difficult fights, but it is not strictly a requirement.If you enjoy kung-fu movies, souls, fighting games, and/or games where you have to build characters extensively and readjust them to suit your needs, I recommend this game. It is truely a dream come true for many of us.This game IS difficult, but its a fun sort of difficult. You'll get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you if you spam attacks or don't use your build right, but you'll propser if you manage to play in an efficient and deft manner. The game constantly challenges you and tries to make you into a better player, which is what difficulty is supposed to be about.I recommend it highly, to people who think they'll enjoy this kind of game."
76561198045455980,Recommended,473690,34606520,Posted: 30 August,all,Baby Cakes,I like it. Fight's are good. Can be tough. PvP is good. Im gonna wait to play when the server's are fixed. Excellent game.
76561198123255670,Not Recommended,473690,34606522,Posted: 30 August,all,Crusader,"This game is laggy as fu*k, it's slow and boring"
,Recommended,473690,34606552,Posted: 30 August,all,DuckitHax,Steady launch great optimaztion srsly it put everything on ultra for me and its solid 60 fps locked i guess it could go higher but there is no need i got a gtx 970Gameplay is flawless in pvp the levels dont even matter to me its the skill i've lost to players 6 levels under me and won against players 8 level above me it just goes to show how skill based the game isThere is no really guidance you just go around doing whatever you want at your own pace which i really like as a dark souls addict you meet on your way a bunch on npc's which give you a tiny bit of information i wont spoil it for you guys so just bear in mind that its really nice to find themLag for now is no where to be seen all of my pvp matches and pve playing were clean of lags and the game is always online so far as i've seen im guessing you can turn it off but why would you want to encountring players in pve is fun and never met anyone annoying were all playing to find out where are we so everyone helps each other outAll in all gameplay is amazing and i've just begun and im not planning to stop the intense feeling you get from fighting other players and auctally learning thier patterns and moves is a like a never ending boss royal for you to enjoy honestly recommend it to anyone who liked dark souls and likes fighting games or basicly anyone that can breath
76561198375553975,Recommended,473690,34606570,Posted: 30 August,all,Afro Samurai,">Starts game>Reaches level 2 and travels to Oratian Quarter>Dies to 4 Khalt bots with their ♥♥♥♥ing bs absorb>Goes up to the same place>Drops off the building multiple times>Dies to Khalt bots multiple times with their bs Meialua>Reaches level 21 after long grinding>Learns 3/4 of the moves and goes back to Oratian Quarter>""Remember me?"">Bot kicks me off the ledge of the building10/10 would get shredded by bots 5 minutes in."
76561198088190742,Not Recommended,473690,34606470,Posted: 30 August,all,DinosaurkingJohn,Had this game for 44 minutes i was kinda hyped for this and it turned out the combat had no impact for me not sayin its a bad game just not for  people who enjoy regular beatum ups
76561198371993586,Recommended,473690,34606497,Posted: 30 August,all,Lyons___Pride,"Amazing, Fluid combat system and fun boss fights"
,Recommended,473690,34595617,Posted: 29 August,all,Brackzillar,"Having played the closed beta a few months back, and the few issues I had with the game then still exist, and personally I am pretty dissapointed with this game. My biggest issue with the beta was frame rate lag, and internet lag, and the servers as of the day of release have been so bad that even PVE and PVP in the open world is just infuriating and not fun. They did however fix the framerate, the game runs quite well for me in offline mode. The only reason this game is getting a recommended from me is because the offline is still pretty good, you can still get into many moments that are completely annoying, but there are definately less in offline.The game is best when you're offline:- dont have to deal with dumb randoms accidentally kicking you in the head- dont have to fight bosses with loads of backup enemies aside from one- Your hits actually register on a target- You're facing one or two enemies at a time- relaxing and learning new attacks from enemiesThe game feels like unplayable garbage when:- you're playing online with some idiot that keeps hitting you on accident- when the idiot that hits you accidentally gets you marked as an enemy and fights you too- you cant connect to the servers (this is also a good thing)- fighting in enclosed spaces with multiple enemies and the camera doesnt know what to look at- Getting jumped by 3 or 4 people at a time and getting stun locked- getting stun locked by a single enemy punishing you for missing one block- enemies run away because they are more interested in making sure they stay in a specific areathan actually fighting- garbage fighters in the 1v1 arena run away and try to heal like a dumb loserOverall as far as PVE goes it is relativley short, it only took me around 4 hours to ""beat"" it, but I had also played the beta so I was a little more experienced with the game. The 1v1 arena was decent, and not too laggy, if you want the game for online I would wait until they fix the servers."
,Not Recommended,473690,34605788,Posted: 30 August,all,Arona,The game is rather fun.. if a little overly complex with no real.. explination given however it has one overbearing problem which if not resolved is going to crippled if not outright kill the player baseRegional Locking i.e. I can't play with my friends in the US or Asia or Russia.. this also has the effect of limiting the matchmaking pool severly..Speaking of matchmaking...on a PvP level 0 and character level 8 character.. I got put into a PvP match agsaint a PvP level 4 character level 37 oppent.. who procceded to absloutly slaughter me.. as would be expected...so I re-rolled matchmaking.. and for a level 29 oppent.. then a level 41 oppent..Matchmaking is borkedcan't player with friends/10
,Recommended,473690,34608828,Posted: 30 August,all,K4Rt1k,Beautiful game! Completed the single player and its really fun! Inclusion of offline mode is great. Loving the Stagger style. made a video on how to get it. -->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-Bzw_cpe-k&t=149s
,Recommended,473690,34608830,Posted: 30 August,all,Tim The Enchanter,"Rack disiprine, gain disiprine, punish those who rack disiprine. Repeat."
,Recommended,473690,34608868,Posted: 30 August,all,Sir Terence,For Honor done right - 8/10
,Recommended,473690,34866083,Posted: 10 September,all,Moose,"At the current stage Absolver is in, I recommend playing offline and getting used to the game because online mode is really laggy.PVE : 7/10It's okay and it gives you knowledge of different attack sets the AI is given to prepare you for PVP and figure out how to time and counter them. (Given that the lag is no longer a problem in Online) You can learn different moves by either blocking, dodging, using your class ability Absorb, Avoid or Parry. Learning new moves provides the player a different set of attacks and gives the player a new feeling for every fight.Online/PVP : ?/10 (Pending)I haven't tried it fully but after 3 matches, I won 2/3 matches and it really is based on how much time you spend understanding your attack set (or you can just learn cheese moves and button mash) and the opponent was lagging really badly so that would be one of the factors on to why I won too. Traversing through the map during online mode was pretty bad, there were many times the whole map was dead and there were no enemies or I teleported 5 feet back every few seconds.The story of the game is quite mysterious, theres nothing much to read in the game but visual wise it tells a pretty unique story, talking to NPC's also give you some form of foundation of the game like how the entire island went to hell and is now used to train you and other Absolvers. Very much like Hyper Light drifter and Dark souls in terms of story telling.The game itself has little content which explains the 3-5 hour worth of gameplay. But I hope the developers don't cut us off halfway and will put more content into the game.The price of the game is not bad for a AAA Game but if they don't provide anymore content then it wouldn't be worth 29.00 unless there a <50% sale."
,Recommended,473690,34877447,Posted: 10 September,all,Gaming for the Weekend,"I've written up a full review on my blog, here:http://www.gamingfortheweekend.com/absolver-review/The TLDR: Absolver is a rock solid fighting game, with beautiful visuals and even better combat. The only place it falls short is it’s lack of story and endgame, which means you’ll love it, but will be left wishing there was more to it.There have also been server issues, but those are supposedly fixed. FYI, I'm based in Australia and I've dealt with bad servers by logging out and logging back in, which often fixes the issue."
,Not Recommended,473690,34692387,Posted: 2 September,all,Cairo,after trying this game again for a little while longer i can safely say i just don't like it. PvP is laggy and unfair and the PvE is basically nonexistant. Only fun with friends.
,Recommended,473690,34605644,Posted: 30 August,all,D A,"One of my all time favorite combat systems (so far). Absolver is the closest thing to Magicka wizard wars I've found and is what I was hoping for as far as game design goes.Unforthnulaty so far in week one of release servers have been so overloaded you're lucky if you can even connect. Devs are currently working on a fix for the servers.Single player works fine, and I have been enjoying that more than I thought I would.I'll make an actual review when I have more time in the game. Feel free to ask me anything about the game in comments.Update 09/10/17 first server patch has been live for a few days and has fixed 80% of the problems I had in-game. Another update is being rolled out this week with more items and fixes."
76561198127896808,Recommended,473690,34867412,Posted: 10 September,all,Gorgax1234,"I have absolutely enjoyed this game. I have been pickin up game in this genre recently, and hands down this completely out does for honor! Thank you. I understand we are just at the beginning. Keep up the good work i will be following you for a long time.I few issues i think i have is the different fighting styles abilities. Windwalkers dodge is to slow down enemy attacks and allow a counter as i assume the same goes for the absorb ability from the other fighting styles. The stun from absorb is significantly longer than the dodge ability. Also i dont think the dodge ability effects ground sweep attacks. When you jump a sweep you revieve the stamina(as does every other class) but then the combo is not slowed after. Maybe thats just me."
,Not Recommended,473690,34674953,Posted: 1 September,all,Prozender,"You wanna learn kung fu?Pro-very solid melee/fighting gameplay-dark souls fighting game yay-great combo deck functionality, really helps you customize your moves-solid feeling of hits (few more variation in sounds would be nice)Cons-laggy online, stay offline for campaign (and to farm moves)-speed > strength so far in the meta - devs pls balance this kalht sytle needs love (slight stun when absorb?)-maybe more story elements?-horrible targetting when faced with multiple enemies-bad camera angles-some bugshmmm more cons than pros, but if you like melee/ fighting games in general this is a buy.* changed to DONT BUY. Unable to do Combat trials (PVP) since patch 1.05. Seems to affect SEA, Japan, etc. Will change to positive once they fix this. Really wanted this to succeed. Slow clap for SLOCLAP** update: Somehow SLOCLAP fixed servers for SEA and we can do combat trials again. Some laggy fights still but seems ok. Will change to BUY if all goes well til end of the week"
,Recommended,473690,34869889,Posted: 10 September,all,Melcx [1PR1SG],"Good points :Really nice game, VERY interesting combat system, coop/pseudo mmo features are cool.The art-style and game phylosophy is also nice.I really hope there will be more solo content and/or more items to collect, but what there is in the game is quite worth it.Bad points :Solo ""story"" can be finished quickly, the story isn't very deep (i don't think it is the point of the game, after beating bots, fighting players is far more interesting, there isn't a real solo mode in Chivalry MW).Unfair players (killing while you're fighting a boss, using weapons when you can only use your fists at low level)"
,Recommended,473690,34705489,Posted: 3 September,all,Bananafingurs34,"I've played this game alot. And i'll be honest, it's amazing. Hands down one of the most complex but satisfying combat systems in a game. And after patch 1.05, Online feels like Offline (at least for me). This game cost 30$ and honestly it's worth the price. You can easily get 30-40 hours, hell probably more. With an amazing combat system, a beautiful world and challenging enemies there is a lot to love. The PVP is also probably the biggest selling point, showing off your combat deck and trying others out as well. Its a really good game.Now while i am recommending it because it's definantly worth the price, I need to address somethings. The content is lacking. Aside from grinding PVP and learning new moves there isn't all too much to do after you kill the final boss. Which on it's own can about 5 hours, if you're rushing. The map is very small, you can go to every area in under 20 minutes. I feel there needs to be a major addition to content. Add in some group content, more areas, bosses, dungeons or something of the like. The only way to get good looking gear is PVP but there should be others. At the moment, while its easy to get 30 hours in the game, it just feels like im doing the same old stuff over and over. Give us more to do sloclap! I love this game, it's awesome and for an Indie team you surpassed a lot of AAA titles, but now we have an amazing foundation for something greater. They have plans to add more content, and i am eager to see what they put out, but aside from that there isnt a lot to do.TL:DR Really good game with an awesome PVP but not a lot of PVE content. However Devs have said there planning on adding more."
76561198139657520,Recommended,473690,34640413,Posted: 31 August,all,RobElectric,Amazing game! I'm sure anyone will like it if they gave it a try!
,Recommended,473690,34739303,Posted: 4 September,all,GetSome,"Smooth combat and decent core mechanics, and a good number of moves and items.But the single player experience is very lacking and the game needs some additional features and tweaks like loot tables and such.Server issues are improved but not perfect. Still, the combat is ridiculously satisfying so it's definitely worth a few tens of dollars."
76561198049664794,Recommended,473690,34873224,Posted: 10 September,all,Peacekeeper Xindiel,"I did recieve this game as a gift, but I don't think spending the money would affect this review, but that's just me:+I for one love the game, right off the bat I enjoyed the concept... getting into the game was fun, but I felt lost, not the Dark Souls kind of lost, like the kind of lost that I don't know where some of the map begins and ends. At low levels, the idea of difficulty is presented with throwing mutliple enemies at you, so the first part of the game was rough for me. After designing a fight deck that I was comfortable with, the game got somewhat easier, but I still had no concept as to how this game worked, how the combat worked, or if there was any meta. I sparred with a friend to find out that timing your attacks sped up your frames, so knowing your fight deck was your strength. Not really your stats or a certain exploit. That excited me the most. SO THATS THE PLUS: You get to play your way.-As for server issues: I didn't expereince any issues, besides servers being offline for long periods of time-As for content: Not enough... :^) That's literally all I can say. I don't particularly like the idea of farming PvP for boss fights, lore, and dialogue, especially when there's no larger reward for participating in the PvP. I understand the Absolvers are supposed to be a quiet type. But there seems to be a lot more questions unanswered, and mounds of story opportunites not taken. I was excited to discover a new world, and I didn't really feel like I discovered it...! Still like the game, and anyone who likes fighting games and RPG's like the Souls series should enjoy this for a long while if you do well. OH- I almost forgot!+Community: The community is mostly souls-players, and so am I, so I'm guessin' we all helped eachother beacuse there's this unspoken brotherhood. We're very welcoming, and the amount of hostile players are minimal, and even if they are, they usually aren't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s like the ones found in the FPS franchise, and For Honor.IF only this game was as replayable as a Souls game, and IF only it had more content, and the server issues were fixed for our brothers and sisters around the world, this would be one whopper of a game."
,Recommended,473690,34585144,Posted: 29 August,all,[yep]Thmyris (hiatus),People who loved Blade Symphony will love this game.
76561198053081900,Not Recommended,473690,34717132,Posted: 3 September,all,Blackfish,"Absolver is a PvP-centric fighting game with an amazingly fun foundation, that currently lacks many features one might expect of a full release, including functioning multiplayer. I'll amend my review if the facts change, but Absolver gets a tentative thumbs-down for me at this time (mid-September '17).The biggest and best thing about Absolver is its combat, which is simply stellar. You pick one of three starting martial arts (roughly corresponding to fast/balanced/heavy), and build a set of four directional combat decks from individual moves, that you transition seamlessly between. There is potential for a lot of complexity here, while at the same time being intuitive and viscerally satisfying for beginners. The control scheme takes a bit to get used to, but once you do it is elegant and functional. The rest of this review will be less than complimentary, but the utterly compelling core gameplay almost makes up for the rest on its own.The PvE portion of the game has you traverse the limited open-world, picking up moves from opponents you face and defeat. It's a cool conceit that gives you a reason to fight many different types of enemies and experiment with move combinations. The open-world is actually a series of labyrinthine maps, which are fairly small in size. The game deliberately obscures this by not giving you a detailed minimap, but this has a side-effect of making first-time exploration a confusing experience. The story hints at a deep and complicated lore, but ends abruptly just as it seems to get interesting. It feels a lot like an extended tutorial for the PvP part of the game.There's an argument to be made that Absolver is primarily a PvP fighting game, and should be judged by those merits - unfortunately, as servers are currently completely unable to handle the number of players, online play is (for me in the SEA region) practically unplayable. The structured PvP (of which there is only one mode at the moment), if it even connects at all, is plagued by disconnects, hackers and severe lag. The latter of which, in a game that relies on split-second timing, is unacceptable. The same server issues also affects the open-world - other players in the same instance as you often rendering it unplayable until you quit to the main menu and toggle on the offline mode.For a game that goes for a low-poly artstyle like Absolver, game performance is surprisingly bad. My average desktop, that runs Warframe on max settings (for example) just fine, stutters here unless I drop the graphics to low or medium. However, I'm a huge fan of Absolver's artstyle and aesthetic. It really sells Adal as an interesting place despite mechanical shortcomings in its presentation.Of less importance but still notable is the lack of the kind of quality-of-life features we have come to take for granted in games of this sort. For example, there is no option to clean out your inventory of duplicate items. There isn't a way to rotate your character during character creation. There isn't an option to fast travel between altars. Along with the server issues, it in fact feels a lot like an Early Access title rather than a full release.My sense of it is that this is definitely a game you should put on your wishlist/watchlist. Whether I recommend it right now or not ultimately depends on how much you like fighting games, and the setting/aesthetic. If you're a huge fan of either, it's a decent game, worth the purchase price. But for the average gamer, it's probably best to wait a few months for bugfixes and further content before diving in."
76561198236847180,Recommended,473690,34886570,Posted: 11 September,all,BushidoBrown,I want to love this game but its nothing but getting trapped in a corner by 2 to 5 npc and getting ganged banged to death which the controls to switch targets isnt great while the camera has a mild stroke..... but at least after you die you can toss a coin for the 50/50 chance you will respawn or if your screeen will  just go completely black meaning you get to return to the desktop ... AGAINThis game is fun but it needs some attention
76561197970409804,Recommended,473690,34589310,Posted: 29 August,all,mkarzi,"I am editing my review with a few tips and further thoughts on the game as I now have more time in game.I still really like Absolver, this game has amazing depth and is a very deep rabbit hole to go down. As you learn more moves and unlock more slots for those moves the complexity can increase simply by trying to chain together a series of attacks that feel right to you and expresses your fighting style. There is no perfect set of attacks or optimized type of equipment.For example, every piece of clothing has a weight and protection value, the heavier your clothing the slower you are. There are multiple types, styles, weights, protection values so simply choosing what pants or belt, or elbow pads becomes a risk reward proposition.Each type of move also scales differently, some are affected more my strength or dexterity or overall mobility.You will build a character that suits your style of play and you will be unique in the game and that is very satisfying.My one tip for beginners is to play the first hour or so offline. I like both PVP and PVE play but playing a new character offline allows me to farm new moves...you learn new moves by blocking them when you are attacked with them, everytime you successfully block you learn a but more of the move u til you master it, then you have to win the fight...without being either attacked by other players..rare, but also not ""saved"" by another player. Many times I was farming a more from an NPC only to have someone jump in and defeat the NPC.The online community is still very good and I find it pretty rare when I run into a troll.This is a great game and the devs are supporting it with weekly patchs and even new material coming soon.This is a very fun game with a profound amount of depth and great future promise.The fighting mechanic is easy to get a hang of but , again as a great amount of depth, he'll even deciding on what kind of clothing you wear determines your defence ( kinda obvious) but also affects your speed so it is all a balancing act so that you can create a fighter all your own.It is a PVP style game and on day one I would say the community is great. I had one guy sucker punch me but we settled it in a dust up, bowed, and went on our way. I can see this being a blast with friends in co op as well.No real negatives at all, the game runs smooth on my system..getting a locked 60 FPS in ultra setting..and I only had one hiccup in the game that required me to quite and restart.When I won my first real boss fight against one who kept calling in minions after losing about 5 times it was an amazing feeling that you really earned the win. This game is a keeper.I7 7700kGTX 106016gig Ram"
,Not Recommended,473690,34583704,Posted: 29 August,all,Zeabolos,Not fighting. This is just stupid clicker.
76561198073166006,Recommended,473690,34888489,Posted: 11 September,all,tatmouse89,"Very cool ideas in this game that are mostly well delivered. The fighting system is unique, engaging and very tactical. But there is a scarcity of content. The campaign is bare-bones and quite hollow so this game is really just for the pvp-oriented types.Unfortunately, even after the most recent server patch, the game is still quite unstable and laggy. This usually happens when you're surrounded by 4 kung-fu jerks and another player enters the same area you're in.It kind of feels like an Early Access title withought the early access disclaimer. But if you know what to expect, and I did, the $30 isn't too steep for a very unique experience."
,Recommended,473690,34888186,Posted: 11 September,all,Eilibex,"PvP and The Bosses (both marked targets and actual bosses) in this are a beautiful dance of positioning and movement. Like if a chess game kept beating you up. Its intense, enjoyable, and an excellent experience all around.The trash mobs in between however, are just tedious, boring and honestly unbalanced. Couple that with a lockon system which combines too many functions at once and youll often spend half of the gankfests getting hit by nigh-undodgeable attacks.Unfortunately, due to the complexity and controls theres no simple way to properly elaborate on how it works in a review like this, but to be clear, this is NOT just trying to be Dark Souls or similar. It is very good at the unique design it does.There is also not a low barrier of entry, so id suggest making sure you stick under the refund timer and then asking yourself if this is worth your time."
76561198120102283,Not Recommended,473690,34601382,Posted: 30 August,all,McDaniel,Tried every deck every ability and now i just lose no matter what its just not fun now.
,Recommended,473690,34589415,Posted: 29 August,all,Stygian359,They are fixing the problems that appear almost immediately... so its a good game.
,Recommended,473690,34597026,Posted: 29 August,all,Zed,"Great action, great art styleservers need help, however this is launch day and the expectation wasent there for a small studio,if you love kungfu and like pvp oriented combat, pick this guy up. I forsee many future Esport fights with this one"
,Recommended,473690,34597083,Posted: 29 August,all,Bradley,100% Best game out at the moment just waiting on a bit more of new content like 2v2's or somthing along the lines
,Recommended,473690,34588405,Posted: 29 August,all,TheGreengree,"So, yes, I admit that game is unstable at this moment, framerate in some areas is not that great and npc's are floating all over the place sometimes, but I played it for 3 hours and it was great.Even with these problems you can play it, have fun with it.Even with these problems game already feels so good.PvP is working and most of my matches were with acceptable latency.I'm rating it so soon because game deserves to have good reviews and I'm sure that all the problems will be fixed sooner or later :)"
76561198148972541,Recommended,473690,34588439,Posted: 29 August,all,Mrcdude,"Great game, with or without a keyboard, for me at least its run smoothily without any problems. Fun with friends or alone, worth the 30$ for sure."
,Recommended,473690,34588448,Posted: 29 August,all,TOBN,90% of the time I hit my teammates by accident10% I hit the air10/10 would hit again
,Recommended,473690,34611749,Posted: 30 August,all,[Medula] superspacesloth,Tekken meets Dark Souls (in a way)
76561197966513443,Recommended,473690,34611869,Posted: 30 August,all,pogie,"I'm writing this after about 4 hours of gameplay, the day after launch.This is a really engaging fighting game with a lot of depth and customization in how you choose to fight. The ability to build your own set of moves combined with customizing stats and gear modifiers really makes it feel unique, without cookie-cutter ""best"" builds. The graphics are very pretty -- it's a really cohesive art style -- while your appreciation of the super-chill sound design is going to depend on your personal tastes. Online play is fun, though there are currently issues with server connectivity that mean I've spent most of my time playing in offline mode. I do expect those issues to be resolved soon (launch jitters)."
,Recommended,473690,34590202,Posted: 29 August,all,Karzonn,"UPDATE (8/30/17)My original review for the game was plagued with graphical bugs, sound bugs (where music would cut in and out aat random times), egregiously long load times (upwards of 15 minutes) and infinite black screens upon death.I SOLVED ALL THESE ISSUES BY MOVING MY INSTALLATION OF THE GAME FROM MY EXTERNAL HARD DRIVE (/F:) TO MY NATIVE HARD DRIVE (/C:, Program Files x86)>The game now runs flawlessly, I've seen little or no bugs whatsoever, and virtually every complaint I had about the game initially is fixed. That being said, It is a bit sad that the developers couldn't optomize the game enough to run properly on an external drive, but I can't complain. It's indie. Buy it, if you like fighting games, Dark Souls style combat (entirely skill-based), and exploration.ORIGINAL REVIEW (8/29/17)the 10 minutes I've actually played out of the three hours it has ran have been stunning. My computer is more than capable of running this game, but the load times have had me waiting around for literally 30 minutes for the area after the tutorial to load. after it was loaded, I was left with graphical glitches such as buildings not loaded and empty white space. Too many bugs, Too long load times, if only the magnificent gameplay wasn't so bogged down with this terible optomization."
,Not Recommended,473690,34613426,Posted: 30 August,all,Mean and Gay,huge problem you cant play with friends if you dont live in the same reagion i can understand why that would be a problem with pvp but like wtf i cant even play co-op with friends might just refund the game
,Recommended,473690,34613435,Posted: 30 August,all,qwerty888 ♥,"Great satisfying combat with nicely stylized graphics. A bit of a rocky start for the servers, but it's getting better!"
,Recommended,473690,34613447,Posted: 30 August,all,AmusedKakashi,"Cool game but the connection is ridiculous, it feels just like For Honor, if you want the best experience play it offline, otherwise not just other players, but also the npcs, will start to teleport and land attacks you didnt even see coming. The combat is cool, pretty enjoyable. The game is worth buying and playing, but forget PVP until they at least fix it, otherwise you will only rage"
76561198023376698,Recommended,473690,34613620,Posted: 30 August,all,micky1311,great technical martial arts game.
,Recommended,473690,34613624,Posted: 30 August,all,Leonheardt,"This is a great game, it's delivering a feeling of difficulty and thrill for me that many others in the same vein have failed to do. I have limited experience with PvP so this will be purely PvE focused. Overall it's definitely worth the $30.Pros:- Responsive, engaging combat system. Hard to turn tail and run as well, and doing so doesn't do you any favors (healing ability stops and you're easy to catch up to)- Extremely personalized movesets and builds: 4 stance directions, 3 moves per direction (two are chained together with the third being a mixup to skip or interrupt the chain and change direction).- Tons of individual moves: each chaining to a certain move direction.- 4 different combat styles determining defensive abilities: facetank and counter, parry and stun, dodge and increase time between moves, haven't gotten to stagger style yet- Intelligent AI: It rarely swarms you with attacks coming from all directions, it parries, dodges, and blocks well enough that each fight is a challenge and a reward.- Skill-focused progression system: Unlock moves by getting experience dodging and blocking them then winning the fight. Nothing along the lines of ""kill some number of nameless mobs and unlock a specific move""- Build your character how you want: each move scales differently from your characters' stats, investing heavily in one only restricts through opportunity cost (e.g. going full STR lends to slow, heavy attacks while full Dex is fast and light)- Beautiful artwork. This is more subjective but I like the light heartedness of it as opposed to the ""realism"" and gore of games like For Honor. If I wanted to feel like I'm on a ""real battlefield"" I'd pick up LARPing.- Deck and style sharing with your friends. It lets them use and learn moves and combat styles they don't yet have access to.Cons:- Camera can get wonky if you get backed into a corner or fall down to a lower platform. Makes it nearly impossible to react effectively as you get a top-down/bottom-up view and can't tell attack elevation or direction.- No Respec for stats (This is apparently a TODO for them, just not something they felt comfortable promising for launch)- The style you pick is what you're stuck with for awhile. It's not clear (personally) how to unlock the other combat styles via PvE.- Aside from basic controls, no real explanation of mechanics (read; fast and steep learning curve). While I like the difficulty and figuring it out for myself, I ultimately listed this as a Con as it's a barrier to new players.- No discernable/voice acted plot or direction, easy to get lost.- (Personal preference) Weapon shards unlocked too late, but you -can- pick up the odd sword on the ground to use until it breaks"
76561198054068147,Recommended,473690,34613245,Posted: 30 August,all,Fyrop,"So far my experience with Absolver has been pretty enjoyable, the combat is intuitive and extremely customizable while also satisfying. The art style is gorgeous, and the world is very open to exploration with very few restrictions. Personally I really like this game, though for most I'd say it's probably a love it or hate it deal, I reccomend waiting to see how the game goes from here on. (So far there is promise of some updates, but the future of this game is pretty ambigious).I haven't finished the game yet, but my biggest concern for this game if not already obvious is the longevity of the community/support, the size of the world (That being a bit too small) and ultimately if it's worth the price.It's hard for me to say so far, but ultimately just know that I like what's here and just feel it needs more content."
,Recommended,473690,34613317,Posted: 30 August,all,Misguided Ghost,"Yep the online is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ but hey the offline's still great!Took me 15 respawn or more? Just to kill the 2nd masked one (Mini-boss) Lol, so yeah its HARDCORE! I recommend this for those people who love fighting games, thinking too much for a counter and combos! <3 10/10"
,Recommended,473690,34596276,Posted: 29 August,all,geraqui,"Absolutely none of the negative reviews are correct. The combat is very rewarding and they are♥♥♥♥♥♥at fighting games. I have not had a single bug, or ""invisible combo"" the enemies are cool, I play co-op I havent had a ""gang bang"" occur, no clue why people are ♥♥♥♥♥ing."
76561198271861300,Recommended,473690,34883783,Posted: 11 September,all,YaCheekyRacoon,Top game with some amazing combat and even better environments. The overall art for the game is amazingly well done. At the moment it has no micro transactions which makes it immediatley better.
,Recommended,473690,34883793,Posted: 11 September,all,.minty,"PvE: Its fun, kind of annoying at first because the bots have perfect reflexes and timing.Open World Players: Some are very nice and will ask for help or they will help you, then you have ""those"" guys, the ones that you will always reference as ""those"" guysPvP: ""Oh this looks fun"" It's not, you'll always get paired up against someone who made a new account to see how good he is with base armor or someone 50 levels highertldr: Not worth $30, PvP matching making sucks and bots are stupidly annoying early game."
,Recommended,473690,34877814,Posted: 10 September,all,Gasleak,"Now I haven't played much of this game but I felt like writing this anyway. I am very much into fighting games but this nothing like a traditional fighting game. The combat is truly something special and so incredibly innovative. The artsyle is phenomenal (your art guys knocked it out of the park Sloclap). However, If you're not into PVP, you probably will not enjoy that game too much as there is not a whole lot to do PVE wise once you get done exploring everything.The combat system is comprised of a ""combat deck"" in which you learn moves and create your own style. If you like quick, light attacks then you can choose to have your deck revolve around that but if you're into a slower, heavier style then you can go in that direction.My only critism with the game is group fights. The combat system is perfect for 1v1s and maybe 2v1s but I feel like anything more than that is just chaotic. It does feel much more realistic than in games like the Assassin's Creed and Batman Arkham series where enemies wait their turn to attack you though. But I do find these fights far too frustrating to play against and I will admit that I initially almost got turned off of the game out of frustration for them.The fights in this game are so incredibly cinematic. The trailer actually is a realistic representation of what fights will look like.Overall I'd say $30 is a fair price for what it is.The entire vibe reminds me a lot of Avatar (the benders not the blue people). This game is the game I didn't know I wanted until now.In case the devs read this: Can we get a way to switch our combat style and combat deck preset in 1v1? It'd be great if we could switch them out to counter the oppenent's deck."
,Recommended,473690,34858552,Posted: 10 September,all,TheDistraction,"Absolver is an online brawler type game, and there are very little games with this genre. Absolver allows the player to venture through a large open world, with other players are solo. Defeating NPCs or other players the player can gain exp and learn moves, to build thier move decks. The game's variety of moves allows each player of Absolver to have individually designed attack patterns. Players have even though of making full kick move decks to create a taekwondo like character. The surroundings of Absolver are beautifully designed and create depth into the story, features such as coop allow for easier playthroughs with friends or strangers. The community is made up of a majority of kind people, volunteering to preach newer players, and showing them hidden items within the game's world. The game has a lot of opportunities with DLCs and to lengthen the story. Absolver also includes 1v1 PVP battles against real world players to test the strength of either player. Soon to be releasing 3v3 to intensify the competition of this brawler."
76561198024703524,Recommended,473690,34898365,Posted: 12 September,all,Phaze,This game was the best game i have played in ages... untill about the 6 hour mark where u can not get a refund.then 0 content and grind pvp 1v1
76561198107063874,Not Recommended,473690,34676651,Posted: 1 September,all,Grim,"I would reccommend this game, but I just can't atm. It has been weeks since it's release, with no major fix on networking issues. The core of the game is there with great combat and the potential to be a great game too. Not only though is the lag awful, but it really feels like an early access title instead of a full fledged release. What I mean by that is that it doesn't feel like a whole game, it feels like it is missing something The entire game consists of you roaming through the small Dark Souls-like map to take down these mini-bosses to get to the big boss. After you defeat the big boss, you become an absolver and then voila. Main story complete. As for the actual story, well it's very cryptic. It seems intentional as to set the lonely atmosphere of the game, it's just it does a horrible job at being cryptic. Throughout the game the onlything I knew was I was a Prospect who had to take down the Marked Ones and then finally to the final boss and then after defeating them I would become an Absolver. There's not really much to it after that. After you finish the story you have to engage in 1v1 PvP to ""re-unlock"" the boss fights again to advance the story. You'lI get a different cutscene and the same boss fights (Not sure about the difficulty of them). That is basically the premise to the game. Besides that, the only other things to do is farm for new moves (Where the grind comes in) and PvP some more (Both are interconnected). Only problem with PvPing is my very first point of you can't because of the networking issues. The content that is there is fun. I like the gameplay. I get that it is an indie title, which many would love to remind you of but indie doesn't translate to incomplete. Some people forget that."
,Not Recommended,473690,34630461,Posted: 31 August,all,FrogMachine,"I really, really like this game, its combat and design. Fantastic visuals, very in depth combat system that is a lot of fun and you get a lot of really great matches going.The unfortunate reality however, is that it was released far too early and was not tested anywhere close to enough for its network infrastructure.To put it simply: Sloclap and Devolver Digital killed this game with their lack of quality assurance regarding network performance and bug testing. It's buggy, there is a lot of rubberbanding, and even though their first 'network patch' fixed up some of the issues, mainly the one where you're stuck in an infinite loading screen (though it still rears its ugly head here and there), the game still plays like utter garbage most of the time online. It completely kills a really good game, and turns it into a really frustrating, annoying experience.The 50ish hours I got out of this so far: pretty solid. But there is no way I'm recommending this with such a woeful excuse for an online experience.♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performance from the devs and Devolver on this, and I think it's going to end up killing the game, which is a huge shame because the gameplay designers have something really great here. It's just their network engineers, and the people behind that whole portion completely screwed this up."
76561198197361718,Recommended,473690,34898248,Posted: 12 September,all,w.l.pinchbeck,"*SPOILERS AHEAD READ AT YOUR OWN DISCREATION*So, after playing through the story and playing some online games (well trying to). I found the game fun and the gameplay pretty engaging. The atmosphere was like traveling through a happier version of Dark Souls, while the gameplay was that of a martial arts game with the mechanics of For Honor, a game I have yet to actually play fully but have some experience. The directional system for attacks increases the fundamentals of this game making the experience new in the fact that games of its type hardly have the directional controls for combat (something that gives it depth), along with the combo trees and the alternate attacks, you can add more to your experience. As well, the graphics are nice in there own way, keeping to a more ""Star Wars"" cartoon type of style. Then, the fact that the different routes you can take your class, even making it a Hybrid-like class is pretty cool as well, and gives more variety of gameplay to the player's control. However, the five main problems I have with this game are sleight and can easily be fixed are the legnth of story, no teleportation system, lack of item drops, lack of ""Schools"" and the servers having problems to connect with.The story has that Dark Souls kind of telling where you must defeat a certain number of bosses and Marked Ones ""Mini Bosses"", as well, you have to get to each area by walking through and defeating enemies in each area to proceed, which is fun. However, this quest and treck seem quite short, yet through the first playthrough difficult if your inexperienced such as I (that was actually one of the reasons I enjoyed my playthrough). However, once you beat them and enter the Noble Quarters, you have a small fleight up a tower path which can lead to your death ifyour not careful with some enemies one each level, then the noble quarter where you walk for a bit, then enter a tower again, and then your at the final boss..... The fight is semi difficult (Still working through my second playthrough), but I still managed to beat it within my first try due to RNG for the most part, but some skill as well, and like I said, this is the final boss of the main game. YOUR DONE. Well not really since you can go through the PvP and once you get to a certain Challenge Level, you can fight all THREE main bosses again each at these levels to begin with: 10, 20, and 30.....So, as of right now, the main story was far too short for my opinion.The second problem was the lack of teleportation. While not game breaking and sort of plays with the idea that your a wandering Martial Artist, it is kind of annoying having to walk from one side of the map to the other, 2 to 3 people at a time whenever you meet up with them, it gets old. Then theres the climb to the top of the tower which is long and boring as I stated before. The game could have put in this simple feature to add a way to get to places faster. Although in my section, I'll probably break down the reason why even i it was implemented, it wouldn't be used to its full potential.So as I said, there is a lack of item drops in the game, and yes, there are item drops, just not the variety i think shou have been implemented. One example I can give for a good system for item drops is Dark Souls, and the reason is that it gives purpose to go back to old areas. What do I mean by this? Well simply, Dark Souls gives players a reason to go back to areas for ""Grinding"" which in most cases I hate to do, but I put my effort in. Grinding allows people to get certain items that for the most part you can't get by opening a chest or allowing you to get the same set of equipment so that you can change up the way you enchant it. Absolver does this kind of. If you pick up an item, you can surely get that item from drops once you defeat an enemy sometimes, however, you will not get NEW drops meaning new pieces of equipment for certain sets (for me that was the Fang Li Noble garb) you cannot get certain pieces of the set in the base game, but you have to compete in challenges to receive it, which one of my faults with the game was the lack of internet compliance with the companies servers. One thing I would definitely change in the future of this game is being able to receive items outside of the online version of the game, even Dark Souls does this for the mass majority of its armor and weapons. As well, there is a lack of weapon drops for Absolver. Now let me explain, the only two things i know of so far is that the base game (without the online portion) only gives you two swords and a spiked glove.....I think martial artists use more than that. For someone who enjoys different weapon varities and usages i think there was room to add a staff, nun-chuks, daggers, and even a spear (although i see it just being a staff with a bladed end), this would have added more to the combat and improved on the RPG aspects of the game. Overall for me, the items and weapons needed to be expanded upon, hopefully through patches and DLC.Next, and soon at the end, there was a feature that was sorely missing in the game, SCHOOLS. What I mean by this are schools of martial arts. As of now I believe there are only three ways of entering a school, through a small side quest, making your own school, or joining someone elses school online. Either way, there needed to be more Vanilla schools, like one for each of the disciplines you choose at the beginning or more like the Drunk School, which adds a type of gimmick to your fighting style. Now I know I'm being a bit harsh, but in the gameplay trailers, this was hyped up from the start because it was a feature that made sense in this type of game, however, was missed and almost completely cut out. I'm very saddened by this in a way, because it would have added new ways to fight in the game.Finally, the online problem. This feature seems to make over 50% of the game (maybe more or less). The online fighting is fine, and quite enjoyable bringing custom fighting rings and vanilla fighting rings into it, and can be an engaging experience. However, that is if the server doesn't lag out on you and cause you to do no damage to your enemy, or won't load your match, or even during a match, casue lag on good internet that causes you to lose the match cuz your seeing frames from 5 seconds ago. It was very annoying, especially since the core of the game was only made for the online rather than a mix of good story with an online experience, which the only comparison I can make to this with my gaming history is Dark Souls and Destiny, two games with both story and a heavy online aspect. For Dark Souls, i would say that this is how you make an online and story centric game, while the first Destiny (before DLC) is something that you should avoid doing (besides online because it was decent enough). In all, Absolver lands in an area closer to Destiny in the main story department, while its online lands closer to games with bad servers that can't seem to handle good online gaming. Now, I am going to say my Wifi isn't a hundred percent the greatest, but it definately can handle bigger online games than Absolver.While I have mixed feelings with the game as a whole, I can't bring myself to give it a low score, but as well, I can't give it a high score. Overall, I rate this game as a 6.5/10. While engaging, the base game story wise and map wise could have used more work and needed to be expanded upon to add more of a spiritual journey aspect to the game instead of a game forcing you to go a certain direction only to shortly there after fight the Best Martial artist in the Story, but the game still allows a small journey albeit not perfected well enough to get a higher score. Combat was a definite 10 or 9, I still need to experience the online aspect more when it gets fixed a bit more. The core game definitely needs some improvements before its going to be called perfect or given a higher score, but its playable."
,Recommended,473690,34897107,Posted: 12 September,all,Maankind,"I recommend this game to people who like to get good at their own pace and still be able to play casually. I'm not the type of guy that plays games all day and this is a perfect game for me. Also, the fighting mechanics are great and the online 1v1 is also really enjoyable. As far as the campaign goes, it's good enough for me, i love the quiet approach they took.The things that it lacks is a ranked 1v1 system and more fashion options (yes, i'm that guy). All in all great game for people like me."
76561198032238642,Recommended,473690,34582614,Posted: 29 August,all,ReDBalalaika,Patch 1.05 спас игру.
,Recommended,473690,34676445,Posted: 1 September,all,Brentmeister,"Updated review to recommended now that they've fixed the servers (with caveats below):Overall, the game is a solid fighter with really really awesome animation.Tailoring your deck to fit your playstyle is fun and an endless game of min-maxing.The design is a bit muddled with gear that changes your speed/hp pool but I think Absolver is onto something here.The fighting feels balanced and rewarding.The game is more about reading your opponents then memorizing difficult combos.I'm having a blast playing it, even though I don't particularly enjoy the mmo/progression elements that exist in the game.Overall fighting is roughly:50% prep in building the right moveset30% reading your opponent and recognizing his deck20% being good at hitting buttons fast."
76561198082654620,Not Recommended,473690,34895001,Posted: 11 September,all,Devious Raptor,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IS THIS GAME ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD! But the game is such a laggy ♥♥♥♥ing mess that it's unplayable. For some reason the hit detectionisn't client side either, if you execute a parry on an attack that the server already sent oput, you'll be hit anyway, and i've literally been hook kicked forward 6 feet and then chain lag stunned to death. This review will remain negative until they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,473690,34636851,Posted: 31 August,all,Kronch,Play this game!
76561198001959681,Recommended,473690,34636855,Posted: 31 August,all,WhiteTree,"An extremely deep and satisfying combat system, with light world PvPVE and 1v1 matchmaking (with additional modes to be added). Make no mistake, youre buying this game for the combat, not exploration, but the fighting is very good."
,Recommended,473690,34637103,Posted: 31 August,all,BryBryYEE,"Honestly, I'm digging the game. I love the combat system and the alters uses. I'm still trying to perfect my deck building too. I feel like it would be ""better"" with some friends, but it might lag around or attack my friends on accident.8/10 would reccomendPros:-Pretty unique combat system-seemless co-op/pvp-lack of map=explorationCon:-Connectivity issues-VERY grindy-Very quiet of a game"
,Recommended,473690,34636892,Posted: 31 August,all,Saul ツ,Ok
,Recommended,473690,34636505,Posted: 31 August,all,Chub Nasty,So whilst there is a region lock problem im currently enjoying the game quite a bit. And hopefully the devs read these because if you can find a character named Volfia please ban the hell out him. Straight up haxed during a 1v1 was crazy man. No damage and 1 hit kills. But yeah like i said great game. 10/10 would get hax punched again and again. When i say that i actually mean like i like it and say get the game.
,Recommended,473690,34636515,Posted: 31 August,all,Pants3000,this rly gud
76561198058931799,Recommended,473690,34635416,Posted: 31 August,all,DcGamer1027,"Great game, 10/10. its calm and relaxing. Intricate fighting game. It has a fluid but complex system.""I love the sound beating flesh on flesh, it helps me concentrate""."
76561198060252889,Recommended,473690,34636414,Posted: 31 August,all,lil Yatchy,It's lit
,Recommended,473690,34752833,Posted: 5 September,all,TotalTortilla,"Throw Dark Souls, For Honor, and God Hand into a blender and you get Absolver.A stance-based combat system with a focus on duels and complete customization of one's move-list, allowing you to create your own fighting style that is completely unique to anyone elses. No two players I've fought against felt like they were copies of one another. Combat itself is smooth as butter with free-form combo flow-charts, unique properties on moves, and equipable weapons/powerups to give you an edge in battle. You're given the option to engage people in dedicated PvP best-to-3 matches, as well as a campaign map that, while on the small side, has plenty of twisting paths and enemies to brawl with that I urge everyone to mess around in.Other players can also appear in this mode through seamless connectivity, allowing you to immediately join any passerby in co-op, or challenge them to a duel to the death. The primary complaint I have gameplay-wise is that, in the campaign, getting ganged up on by multiple enemies at a time gets incredibly chaotic and rarely feels fun to deal with. Besides that, every human player I've met with has been a delight to engage with. At the time of writing, I've had no issues staying connected to dueling partners, and smashing the rematch button over and over has been some of the most fun I've had in a long time.If any of the above mentioned games interest you, or you just want a unique take on what could be considered a fighting game, give Absolver a go.It's also worth noting that, at the time of writing, the muiltiplayer servers are limited and often fail to connect players to the game. Thankfully, the campaign can be played entirely solo and the developers have stated they absolutely plan to add more servers to match the current playerbase. If pvp is the primary reason you're interested in Absolver (or if you live in Australia/New Zealand, where there are no based servers yet), perhapse come back to this in the future."
76561198097813731,Recommended,473690,34752653,Posted: 5 September,all,Impel,Is it a good game?Yeah sure.Should you buy it?I have no clue about that part.Fighting is amazing and when you start getting in to deck building and stuff it gets even better but after  10 hours it just becomes ultimate grinding and there is nothing to do.They need to update the game a bit.
,Recommended,473690,34752762,Posted: 5 September,all,Kangz N Sheit,"After playing the game for around 8 hours or so i was able to come to a decision on weather this game is worth it or not. The short answer is yes! There are several things to add on to that however. Lets start with the negatives, short story (More like tutorial) and light spam up the a** in the pvp (annoying but beatable). Now the posatives. The graphics are absolutely gorgeous, the fighting is absolutely amazing (hands down the best fighting system in any game ever created), the detail of the move sets and how you can change them to suit you in every way (some moves dont flow well together at all and i thing thats a great thing to not have everything go together), and not 1, not 2, but 3 different combat decks to use and customize and mix up is awesome (First is your FISTS, second is WAR GLOVES, and third is the SWORD).Overall a great game for the price and even though the story is short, which is by design, it make up the ground and then some with the fighting mechanics and the fluidity of it all. Another feature worth meantioning is the ""School"" system in which players can either learn new fight styles from npcs or other players who have gained enough experience in the pvp to teach others, a really special feature that has the potential to keep the game alive."
76561198264459420,Recommended,473690,34753069,Posted: 5 September,all,Tomtomtom246,"definately a good game that i would recommend but for the love of god fix your matchmaking, every time I enter multiplayer, I either steamroll the opponent or get steamrolled. Also, please buff the stun duration for the forsaken parry, its basically a glorified learning tool for now"
76561198134118289,Recommended,473690,34752195,Posted: 5 September,all,Tommy “Meatball” Tortellini,"It's good game and it's cheap. If you like fightings games, I think you should give it a shot. I think it's depth and quality will probably surprise you despite being from an indie developer."
,Recommended,473690,34745885,Posted: 4 September,all,Zorro,This is more of a complaint kind of thing. I don't really know how to beat some enemies when they all of a sudden have this flash of blue around their body and counter my attack. It is making the game very hard to continue. Can someone help me learn how to make this easier?
76561197971638225,Recommended,473690,34746355,Posted: 4 September,all,SamarBTH,Absolver is the purging stone to my hollowing heart
,Recommended,473690,34746136,Posted: 4 September,all,Sky,Love the game. Great thing to try if you liked Dark Souls. Servers are iffy but the dev team is responsive on Discord. Would highly recommend to anyone that can see past a few bugs.
76561197987788940,Recommended,473690,34750403,Posted: 4 September,all,FantasticDamgae,"Amazingly made, game feels fluid and balanced; if you are looking for solid PVP experience look no further. I would say the best fighting game currently!The only con is the game feels kinda short for a single player campaign but as far as I heard from the developers on the forums, new areas are planned.EDIT: I saw many negative reviews concerning the problam with the servers a few days after the game launch. Currently servers are okay; moreover what people forget to mention (but if it was the other way around they would) - this game does not require you to be online to play."
,Recommended,473690,34661357,Posted: 1 September,all,Hot Chicken Wings,Got♥♥♥♥♥whoopedWhooped♥♥♥♥♥back11/10 will get♥♥♥♥♥whooped again
76561198007868039,Recommended,473690,34623299,Posted: 30 August,all,1BigKaBoom,"The game still has major server issues. The game is fun but of all the time I' ve played, two thirds of it was off-line because I couldn't log on. So I am recommending this game but if they haven't mangaged to fix this problem by the end of Sept then I'll certainly be deleting the content off my computer."
,Recommended,473690,34760309,Posted: 5 September,all,Boban,10/10 would slap again
,Recommended,473690,34760355,Posted: 5 September,all,JakeDaSoup,"I would recommend the game to people that expect a challenge, the visuals are GREAT and the combat is very very complex, if you want to learn a new game that will make you struggle and feel like a god once you figure out. Play this game."
,Recommended,473690,34760288,Posted: 5 September,all,DullΔhan,"I will recomend this game, i think it's a must-buy type of game, HOWEVER, in Aus game lags horribly. Almost impossible to play. But as far as i remember, they are working on Aussie servers, so it should be fine eventually but as of now, it's unplayable online (offline mode works perfectly fine)"
76561198019918439,Recommended,473690,34704069,Posted: 2 September,all,Keekee,Sloclap struck gameplay gold with this ingenius title- providing  some of the most well laid out and intense combat I've ever experienced from a game.As of 9/2/17 it can be held at fault for difficult to connect to servers and the ocasional lag/drop but when it does work this game is a unpolished masterpiece that I can not wait to see grow.
76561198067936376,Recommended,473690,34763749,Posted: 5 September,all,AppleJohns,"This game is definitely not for everyone, but if you are a fan of fighting games that require timing, and an understanding of the fighting styles, then this game is for you. I will admit, there isn't a whole lot to this game, but I am having a blast. With a couple more gamemodes, addition to the loot and fighting styles, this could be one of the greatest fighting games ever."
76561197969191562,Recommended,473690,34690997,Posted: 2 September,all,-Turbu-,"Interesting marriage between For Honors combat system and Original Dark Souls like level desing ( NO, NOT LIKE CRASH ♥♥♥♥ING BANDICOOT ). Levels interweave really well and there are hidden short cuts sprinkled around the map. On occasion you will get lost in this game because it doesn't have a map. But unfortunately the game area is some what small and the ""story"" can be quick run through really quite fast ( My first play through took 6 hours to complete but I didn't rush it at all ). This does have one positive side, loading screens are very rare.Combat system is the most balanced I've seen in a while. Learning curve can be a bit steep for someone who is new to difficult third person action games. Where the games combat truly shines is 1v1 combat and the freedom player has to create your own combos and even own school of martial arts ( Requires PvP ). Combat system isn't really desinged for taking on multiple opponents, and it quickly becomes frustrating. On the other hand all of the boss fights are great( There's 3 proper bosses and 10 ""minibosses"" ). The minibosses are pretty decent too but the actual bosses are much better and much more interesting to fight.Absolver also has system where other players will occasionally come into your game and it's up to you whether you fight them, ignore them, or help them. Most of the time people seem to be more interested in helping each other then killing each other. And I have to say that community in this game has been really friendly so far ( In my game time I've only ran into 3 people who have been more interested in fighting you then the NPCs, and I've played PvE with maybe 15 different people ).Replay value is also a bit of a an issue with this game since the PvE content is quite limited. There has been statement from the devs that they are going to add some RNG based end game elements into the game.At best Absolver is a really fun & difficult game with a great 1v1 combat, where you get lost and end up discovering some thing new.At worst you get ganked by multiple NPCs because you couldn't switch targets easily.On overall I'd say this game is decent buy if you are into intricate level desings, difficult combat, and want to create your own style of combat.PS: if you only want play this in PvE then wait for a sale, since the PvE content is so limited."
76561198052665540,Not Recommended,473690,34652915,Posted: 31 August,all,Sephrinx,"So far, it's a lot of fun. The ""story"" is more of an intro/tutorial of how the game plays. The pvp is solid, and the customization of combo strings is really cool.If they were too add a REAL campaign mode, this game would be effing amazing. As it stands, it's currently just a fighter game. Even so, it's a good buy.Don't buy this game if you're looking for anything other than PvP.Do buy this game if you're looking for a For Honor that isn't complete garbage.After spending a while reading the ""Negative"" reviews, as I was curious what others thought of the game and why it was negative, 70% of them were complaining about Oceanic servers, 20% were complaining about it being too hard or them getting rekt (a git gud issue), and the other 10% had some actually decent things to say and have a valid point.Edit: Changing this review. After playing, it has no longevity whatsoever. In the few hours I played, I was able to progress my character to a point at which playing any more was pointless. The games server issues are so bad that I've not even really been able to play since. I would not purchase this game in its current state. It feels like an closed Beta phase with an Early Access buy in. It's a shame, because the game has a lot of potential.Until they fix the servers and add more to do in the game (there isn't even a leader board or ranked mode, and the only thing to do is 1v1 people...) I do not advise you purchase it."
76561198075106715,Recommended,473690,34766189,Posted: 5 September,all,Frye-Guy™,"A ridiculously fantastic game with combat that I didn't know I needed in my life till now. Unfortunetly there are some server issues, and since it's pvp focused this can be really annoying. The developers seem to be working on it though, and so hopefully this won't be a factor soon."
,Recommended,473690,34763180,Posted: 5 September,all,Astro,"The bones/mechanics of this game are amazing.  This is probably some of the most fun I have had with a games combat machanics in a very long time.  But to keep me playing, I REALLY REALLY REALLY hope that this dev does right by the game with extra content.What I would like to see from future patches:More diverse Gear (maybe even with colour customization)Better Server StabilityMore endgame contentEven more (or expanded) Maps for the gameGuilds, Raids, whateverHonestly I just want the devs to add more content to keep me on this game.  It has the potential for greatness (even though it does have its issues), this game has the potential to keep me playing for a VERY long time if they add more End-Game Content.Great work so far!  Please add more to make this the masterpiece it can be!"
76561198080869051,Recommended,473690,34615987,Posted: 30 August,all,TheCzarOfPickles,"Just as a heads up, I only have about 5 hours in the game so this is more of a first impression than a review. That being said what I have played of Absolver has been great. The combat is smooth, flows naturally, and appears to have an incredibly high skill ceiling. 1v1 the boss fights are challenging, but manageable and offer a nice variety of fighting styles. The art style is beautiful and exploring the maze like world is a lot of fun. The environment has a dark souls type feel to it, but is definitely distinct in its own way. The minimalist soundtrack is perfect for the game as it is not overbearing, and brings really enhances the  atmosphere of the game. There are a few kinks that still need to be worked out like the volatility of the game servers, but I'm sure those minor kinks will be ironed out soon. I'd definitely recommend Absolver, I've had a lot of fun with it thus far."
76561198054389960,Recommended,473690,34616097,Posted: 30 August,all,Dan,.
,Recommended,473690,34616104,Posted: 30 August,all,Zelrok,"A fighting game where you can:- set up your own combos- change stances mid-combat to change combos- feint any attack- a normal sidestep dodge- a special ""class"" related dodge (absorb, parry, avoid)All of these things set this game up for great PvP.This is a great direction for a fighting game.A moderate amount of character customization in form of loot/armor.Nothing close to what we are used to these days, but it's enough.At it's core, this is a 3D Fighter with sprinkles of RPG in loot and story, and a dash of MMO."
,Recommended,473690,34615139,Posted: 30 August,all,penga,"First attempt by a indie studio, backed by Devolver Digital, this game may have some day 1 bugs and such, the connection might be finicky when everyone first loads into your zone, but this game is well worth a purchase. Combat is amazing, and that's what it's all about."
,Recommended,473690,34616150,Posted: 30 August,all,Dj Khaled,Yo this sh*t hype af
,Recommended,473690,34616305,Posted: 30 August,all,Maxisquillion,"Tl;Dr: Build your own combo-deck fighting game, 'seamless' souls-like online play, focused on online interactions yet suffers from lag issues once in every five encounters during which only solution is to relaunch (hoping to be fixed)Promising fighting game, construct your combos in a 'fighting deck', each move has different attributes such as speed, along with modifiers such as 'guard break', etc. With the amount of moves available I truly believe the combat system to be very deep, with as much strategy as any other fighting game but with the added draw of being entirely customizable within constraints (these constraints only serve to inspire uniqueness and discourage a single deck being the solution to every fight).One major flaw, however, is that the servers genuinely require improving. Here in the UK even I experience lag once in every five encounters on average, I can only assume in those encounters I'm joining another player's instance of the game, and my connection to that specific player is so bad that every NPC in the area is incredibly frustrating to fight and I must resort to spamming and hoping for the best or simply re-launching the game or returning to an Alter at which I can turn off online mode. This is a major flaw, and a definite drawback on the game as it's charm is in its 'seamless' online play, but I believe in the developers love for their creation and think that it will eventually be fixed."
76561198041364113,Recommended,473690,34616350,Posted: 30 August,all,Zer0dot,"Servers a bit messy at launch but damn I had an experience with online drop in multiplayer and omg this is next level dark souls style multiplayer! It's awesome, haven't even finished but I beat five bosses at the time of this review, absolutely awesome game. Takes a while to learn but doesn't frustrate you! It's a must have for any fighting game enthusiast."
,Recommended,473690,34615493,Posted: 30 August,all,S4-2731,This game should have some latency filters. Some nooby laggy moron can win you in 1v1 challenge just because he teleports all the time through the whole arena. Developers should fix this ASAP.Without this issue the game would be pretty good.
76561198045530313,Recommended,473690,34615835,Posted: 30 August,all,saaahdude,"Pros:-Amazing combat-Feels like a souls game-Rewarding gameplay-LOOT-Fun with friends-ReplayabilityCons:-For the moment, servers are a huge issue-Using the ability of your class is pretty difficult on mouse and keyboardOverall I've really enjoyed the game so far, even though I've had to play most of it offline. Hope the server issues get worked out soon so I can dive into some PvP."
,Recommended,473690,34615430,Posted: 30 August,all,Valk🎃rian,"I love/hate this  gameLoves: the gamehates: when u press ""quit"" it brings you to the ""press a to go to the main menu"" screen and THEN you can quit which is probably the biggest pet peave I'll ever have.0/10 ign"
,Recommended,473690,34617265,Posted: 30 August,all,Axtrakzas,"Combat system is really well made and engaging, my only complaint is the lag and the fragility of the servers. But still, totally worth it."
76561197970366497,Not Recommended,473690,34617274,Posted: 30 August,all,Venom,bored within an hour
,Recommended,473690,34617340,Posted: 30 August,all,mELoNbOi,"-The combat deck system is fun.-The game rewards good timing so button mashing is out that window my dudes.-PvP is great.-Social aspect is interesting and uniqie.-Don't buy the game if you want a long♥♥♥♥♥story, It's a pvp game my dude."
,Recommended,473690,34617159,Posted: 30 August,all,Bennyx,"The Setting looks nice with the Game working smooth even on Ultra with a GTX960The Leveldesign is pretty good, but leaves some wishes out in the open. With sometimes some smaller areas having no enemies, since they spawn differently each time you rest at a shrine.The Combat is where this game really shines. The combat system seems very flat, with just two action buttons, but is actually pretty deep in customisation, and still easy to understand. For players who want a quick and satisfying win: ""THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU"". This is a very good example of a extremely good balanced fighting game, where it is very important that the player invests some time to ""Git Gud"".The Mechanics are easy to understand, even with the tutorial being kind of shallow, but the enemies are pretty challenging, if the player just button mashes and doesnt know what he is doing.Once a player got the game figured out, he can outplay a lvl 35 absolver with a character on lvl 1 that has starting gear.The Story is not that great, but if youve come for that, youre probably in the wrong place.With all things said:This is a very unique, balanced fighting game with some new and and interesting mechanics if you are here to invest some time in getting good at it.Disclaimer:""I've preodered the game, which means i didn't pay the full 30€""If youve found the review useful, upvote it, so other people can see it.Have a nice day"
,Recommended,473690,34617178,Posted: 30 August,all,Kohari,A wonderful atmospheric fighting game that has a few launch day issues that will hopefully be ironed out as time goes on. Even with issues such as server instability it is still worth playing.
76561198309991746,Recommended,473690,34590896,Posted: 29 August,all,SpacePig,"This is a very great game, worth its money. I see some people complaining about lag, but its not SO bad, especially if you just turn down the graphics and such. I play this on a surface pro 2 (pretty bad for high games like this) and yet here I am saying its not so bad and giving it a thumbs up. I have everything on the lowest (basicly) and sure, it lags, but its still playable, and its a game worth playing. If you got hyoed, but got sad (like me) after seeing some bad reviews, dont fret, its a fantastic game. If it looks good to you, get it, if you had mixed feelings at first, then wait a bit till they fix it up. As of now, servers are very bad, and I lost to an honorless kid due to severe sever lage, but I think that will be the first thing they will fix.A high praise from me, but there are some cons. No map yet, no fast travel or anything of the sort, and it IS laggy, but playable. Once they fix some bugs and add a thing here and there, it will  be a flawless game. Please buy, I highly reccomend."
,Recommended,473690,34617432,Posted: 30 August,all,Strugglebus_420,Online doesnt work still but a enjoyable game
,Recommended,473690,34621230,Posted: 30 August,all,JockNines,Silly mask or be absolved.
,Recommended,473690,34621351,Posted: 30 August,all,H2K,i enjoy the game there could be more pvp in the main world but. meh.... the bugs in the game drive me nuts and the random lag for no reasons.sucks to. :( the game is fun tho
,Recommended,473690,34622745,Posted: 30 August,all,Luke,Absolutely a great game.. so much ♥♥♥♥ing fun.
,Not Recommended,473690,34583414,Posted: 29 August,all,littlebro,i would enjoy this if the servers werent so laggy there have been to many times where either the serverr crashed and booted me from the game or they lagged out and therefore got me killed.for example say if your in a 1v1 duel with someone then the server lags and your still attacking on your screen but for the other person your a sitting duck then server works again and your suddenly getting teleported everywhere and taking massive amounts of damage.before someone tells me its my internet its not my internet speed is 10mbs download and 14mbs upload so yeah its not the internet.now im not saying this because im salty because im not i dont mind losing but when i lose because of lag thats when im gonna get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥especially when it happens multiple times
,Recommended,473690,34633232,Posted: 31 August,all,the guy who killed you,"worth 30$a few bugs i found mostly with the servers going offline but nothing that really broke the game in any wayMechanics: the mechanics are very good but very complicated and the game does a poor job of explaining it to you, (i had to look up how exactly parrying works)Aesthetics: YOU CANNOT USE A SWORD 100% OF THE TIME!!! this point is important since it seemes like that from the videos but its not that way at all. swords are abilities that need to be loaded from doing damamge to enemy opponents upon loading one up then you can use it. the clothing does add different abilities to your character such as increased health or increased speed or something in the middle. clothing is found from dead enemies, no store mechanic.story: doesent explain♥♥♥♥♥♥but you dont ever really get a reason to care. i still have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what the hell is going on but i know im having fun.difficulty: its hard but only becuase the mechanics are hard. there are no such thing as grunts, ive beat bosses without takign a single hit then immediatly got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me by a normal minion becuase there actually all hard to beat.overall id give this game a 7/10"
76561198031870990,Recommended,473690,34636620,Posted: 31 August,all,mikey,"♥♥♥♥ing fantastic gameplay, art direction, sound design and overall feel10/10 would recommend for souls fans or fans of nice arty fighting games done well"
76561198139375073,Recommended,473690,34636625,Posted: 31 August,all,Iceman,"Only get this game if you would like to swear a lot and are not worried about your mental health. 10/10 the most infuriating game I have ever played, most of your deaths will come from falling. There is virtually no map to navigate with so be ready to run around aimlessly for hours. But somehow it’s extremely enjoyable. Would definitely recommend, especially to someone you don’t like."
76561198174236509,Not Recommended,473690,34626173,Posted: 30 August,all,Dewittywhaaat,"Servers were down since launch and I had this game pre-ordered for a while. The game itself is quickly repetative and feels like you're wondering through a lifeless world. Everyone wants to fight you and you have no idea why other than they probably can't see with the masks on. The computer bosses were more difficult than most in the Souls series, but without any feeling of reward when defeating them. The only mood felt was of frustration of the time wasted mashing a few combos to no effect but to my stamina bar. Several hours in and couldn't wait for the servers to work. Refunded and not looking back."
76561198063377346,Recommended,473690,34636194,Posted: 31 August,all,Partainen,This is like darksouls pvp but much more fun :smileface:
76561198049083321,Recommended,473690,34635071,Posted: 31 August,all,[EOK]Snap,"This game is LEGIT and worth every penny. Of coarse the game has a few bugs and issues at the moment but it's only been released a few days, it's to be expected. Either way, a game where I need to know my enemy better than I know myself is a keeper lol. ""Duck that fade straight punch if you want to and catch this sweep kick like a boss!"" ;) FUN GAME!"
76561197965720064,Recommended,473690,34635074,Posted: 31 August,all,piper1964,"There have not been many. if any decent or good Kung Fu games out there, counting Wu Tang on the PS2, and Sleeping Dogs and The Matrix on the PC. Absolver brings a breath of fresh to this genre, and its why i bought it. I needed something like this, and i've got.I'd say this game is about using your brain to remember things. There's no HUD, a Map you can only see and remember at altars, no one to help you and no manual. All the hand holding is over, and i for one welcome that, while i'm sure others don't. Yes there were times i didn't know where i was going, but i chose to remember landmarks and found my way back. You know, the way it was before Sat Nav's.Anyway, i think the game to cool, even though i'm in the first area and not an Absolver yet, only two more bosses to fight...what's the rush?, It has a steep learning curve, great animations. Graphics are good, and not designed to stress all PC's. I'm blown away by what the Unreal Engine can do here and in Hellblade, as i use it, and its a great Games Engine.Yes the game crashes, twice when i was swapping around moves. Not had lag, but can understand those that have. But all these will be fixed, give them a chance and be patient. Anyhow, great game, gonna jump in now."
76561198053648635,Recommended,473690,34635099,Posted: 31 August,all,Kalganath,"All that should be Jade Empire 2...if Bioware decide to do it.If i need to say something bad about this game, i miss more story background and content, and a plot that you could playtrought meanwhile you are honing your martial skills.If everything´s about fighting, do it for something."
,Recommended,473690,34627922,Posted: 31 August,all,Suppressional,"The game is great. I'v only played singleplayer so far. Originally purchased to play with a friend, Can't Due to the servers. Im not a complex human. So i'll keep this short sweet and to the point.FIX THE SERVERS."
,Not Recommended,473690,34630042,Posted: 31 August,all,MoDv,"I love this game, the game itself is great but in its current state im waiting until it gets patched to play it again because ive had two crashes and several connectivity issues in teh space of 20 minutes (btw im in australia)"
,Recommended,473690,34630000,Posted: 31 August,all,Crawling Chaos,"This isn't the easiest review to write.On one hand, I love the game. I love the feeling of being a traveling martial artist, who strives to become better with every single foe he has beaten. The game is great in making you feel like the eternal disciple, who has an infinite amount of things to learn. There arent many games out there that do that.On the other hand: This game needs work post launch, asap. I have found many bugs, have lag problems I dont have in other games and connectivity issues that I also dont have on any other game.The PvP is highly enjoyable, as long as you or your opponent isn't lagging like crazy. And that happens all too often. Since launch, every third or fourth battle either did not connect and force me to restart the game or was lagging. Thats not a good experience.I dont have a problem with the lack of PvE content, because the game was advertised as a PvP focused game, and as long as everything works the experience is awesome. I am normally terrible at fighting games, but the combat in this game feels fluid and is an example of the phrase ""easy to learn, hard to master"".Would I recommend the game? Yes, but the recommendation comes with a caveat: If you can wait a week or two, do it. See, if the server issues get fixed. See, if the bugs get cleaned out. See, if the population of the game is ok. And then, yes, buy it, it is an awesome martial arts game with a nice artstyle and one of the best combat systems I have ever seen. But a PvP focused games need lagfree gameplay and stable servers at its core."
,Recommended,473690,34629881,Posted: 31 August,all,BLAM,"Fun fighting-game with a smooth art style and a wonderful soundtrack. I have yet to encounter any bugs that so many people are talking about. Would love to see more PVE content with harder enemies and more moves to learn.The game might be a bit hard at first, but don't give up. I took me a while until I got the hang of it."
,Recommended,473690,34632203,Posted: 31 August,all,Kris,Fun
76561198079611501,Recommended,473690,34613669,Posted: 30 August,all,Azrael,"The game is great, it's not just button smashing as the majority will think. Gameplay is smooth, the visuals are eye pleasing, but it has a few problems. You have: game crushing, connectivity issues, server lagging, npc that don't take dmg or randomly goes back to full health. Also the story feels quite short, once you do it all that it reamains is to collect all the moves (which btw you don't need it in order to finish the story, did it without getting any new move) and after you also do that, then what? I feel like something is missing. I still love the game and have fun playing it with all those problems, yet I hope I won't get bored once I'll get all the moves. Waiting for some DLCs. 8/10 (Just because I really like it)"
76561198005975087,Recommended,473690,34632304,Posted: 31 August,all,Neuromancer,"Fantastic fighting game, but definitely not for people who don't want to PvP. Main story is about 4 hours long, and the endgame is PvP and nothing else. Might be frustrating to start with if you don't have experience with this kind of game, but stick with it and this is easily something you can get hundreds of hours out of."
,Recommended,473690,34632661,Posted: 31 August,all,DudeNotCool,"Really satisfying and fun. The storyline is abit short though, so you have to be careful of that, also, don't think you can button mash through the entire game, especially against other players. I recommend it, but only for the gameplay and experience."
76561198072987851,Not Recommended,473690,34605395,Posted: 30 August,all,CaptainTinkleBerry,it's a fun game but if you live in Australia it's basically a olo game as the lag is game breaking.
76561198370235068,Recommended,473690,34629674,Posted: 31 August,all,UltraEzy,"Great combat, Good looking, Good progression system only bad thing at the moment is you can bearly get online to PVP but im sure this will be fixed after all these SALES!"
,Recommended,473690,34629528,Posted: 31 August,all,Descender,"awesome game, feels nice :D"
,Recommended,473690,34610249,Posted: 30 August,all,chill,"Great game with fully customizable combat system and combos. PVE is very exciting and innovative, but very short (4 hours of gameplay?)PVP is all about reading your opponents customized moves. You can lose 2 rounds badly, then just change your strategy and easy-counter him in the next 3 (Or he will learn on the fly and counter you back).If you wanted true fighting game experience and dealing with street fights in a open world MMO, Absolver is a game for you.p.s. - You can totally kick asses in this game without a controller. Compared to For Honor, Absolver is actually not horrible on keyboard+mouse."
,Recommended,473690,34610434,Posted: 30 August,all,LTG.,"Game's combat technique is very fun to play with, but it definitely takes lots of practice to get better in the game.Ocasionally some server lag but acceptable at most times.So Yeah! give it a try!"
76561198044611218,Recommended,473690,34615014,Posted: 30 August,all,Ghosties,"First off, if you live in Australia it seems you probably shouldn't get the game. Maybe they'll have servers there soon, I don't know.Fortunately, I don't live in Australia, so I'll tell you what I DO know from my time in game. Starting with a short summary, and then some pros and cons. If you enjoy competitive fighting games, you will enjoy Absolver. I won't go into the details of the combat system for the sake of keeping it brief because it's pretty complex, but the gameplay is excellent. If you're looking for story this isn't the game for you. The story only takes a few hours to complete, but it's fun while it lasts. Multiplayer is the focus.Pros:The combat system is fantastic and creative, but fairly complex. It takes time to figure it out. At first it all seems like button mashing, but it definitely isn't. Spend some time to learn it.Good community. Most other players are actually interested both in being friends with you AND in fighting you, so you can get whichever you want.While the servers were up, I had no lag issues. They are down right now, but that's very normal for online games during the first couple of days after release.Cons:Could use a more detailed tutorial to help explain the complex combat system. I expect this game will lose the players who don't figure things out quickly. Until I figured it out myself I had been feeling disappointed with the game.Servers are down for now.It's a bit buggy, but nothing awful so far."
76561198085978177,Recommended,473690,34616460,Posted: 30 August,all,MrMediocre,"How to sum up the review, the game itself. Very fun, challenging. I enjoy jumping in and saving some random guy who's getting gangbanged by 4 npc's and thinking of ways to cheese the bosses. The art style is beautiful. The three different classes are varied enough to try all three styles out. The shard system ( power attacks like heal or stunning the enemy ect) is interesting and balanced. Getting to pick each part of your combo is a cool thing I'm yet to see in a game.I personally am having a blast. I mean the only issue I've found is the dodgy servers. Which ofcourse for a game based around online play is an issue. But it's been out what 2 days? Hopefully it improves."
,Not Recommended,473690,34618552,Posted: 30 August,all,Toasty pls,"Pre-ordered and was able to connect to the servers for about 4 hours before they went down. They're still not up, but it took about 2 hours to finish the story. Worth the money if you can connect and play with friends, but for now, thumbs down."
,Recommended,473690,34617644,Posted: 30 August,all,Krotos777,"This game has a lot of good things going for it. The combat alone makes the game worth twenty bucks, if I could play against other players. The PVE part of the game is short and sweet. If you like the tension building fights of For Honor, but loved getting lost in Dark Souls, this will probably hit the spot for you.A few serious cons. Servers are the big issue. Also some areas were just kind of hallways near the end, which was a bummer. Not enough content. While it is good, it just ended right when it was getting fantatstic. Hope for more areas and bosses with content updates or even DLC."
76561198393493141,Recommended,473690,34618669,Posted: 30 August,all,ต้อง,a few crashes and black screen have happended sometime but this game is good.
,Recommended,473690,34585630,Posted: 29 August,all,I got a bone to pick with you,"it's really good but there's a nasty bug that keeps the door closed to be come an absolver  even if you killed all the marked ones, now i cant become an absolver (and i have reloded the game many times but nothing works and i killed all marked ones again and still nothing)"
,Recommended,473690,34594805,Posted: 29 August,all,Rastikko,"Could use some more PBE features and better servers, but besides that an incredible new experience."
,Not Recommended,473690,34617501,Posted: 30 August,all,Bobban,.
,Recommended,473690,34617533,Posted: 30 August,all,31m3r,"This game is absolutely amazing!I did not know if it was worth it as I first saw a few videos on youtube and watched some streamers.BUT I am so glad I bought it. It is absolutely different viewing it and experiencing it.The combat system feels so rewarding it's unbelievable if you counter an enemy attack or predict it and act against it.At first it might be a little bit overwhelming with all the moves and combinations but give it a try and stay with it and learn its system.It is not an easy game and its recommanded for players who want to improve themselves over time.Don't rage if you die, learn from it and become better!I don't understand how so many ppl who just played an hour of this game can tell it's not worth it.Totally worth for me. I just played 28 hours straight without sleep because I was so fascinated from this game. The last time I did this was 10 years ago.Greetz31m3r"
,Recommended,473690,34616729,Posted: 30 August,all,Gansir Beeb,"A good game, but not without it's shortcomings. The story is incredibly short, the world is a massive maze (seems to have taken too much inspiration from DS1, to be fair, without the benefit of being able to teleport around halfway through), it crashes more often than I care to admit, and it feels unfinished. Other than that, combat is solid, the visuals are gorgeous, and online interaction, though it's region locked right now, is seamless. I recommend it, but only after you wait for more content and patches, and for the removal of the region lock.TLDR: Give it a couple of months for them to fix some stuff and add more content before you buy. Not a bad game, though."
,Not Recommended,473690,34617813,Posted: 30 August,all,KiD_LoVeS_Ca$h,"I can some up how i feel about this game in two words:  *TOTAL DISAPOINTMENT*  I beat the game in under 5 hours first of all. They launched the game with the server all ♥♥♥♥ed up and it pisses me off, you will not get to use all of the moves before beating the game.  I added 2 moves to my deck and before I knew it the game was over, and theyre telling me that all i have left to do is some damn pvp to progress in the game but how can I with the server so ♥♥♥♥♥♥.  My advice is WAIT !! dont pay the 30 yet, wait until the damn thing drops and they iron out these bugs.S/N: The mechanics of the game is still awesome, I will not downplay that.  If the above does not effect you, then it is still a fun play for a fighting game"
,Recommended,473690,34617960,Posted: 30 August,all,OJSaucy,Is good
76561197997616232,Recommended,473690,34614682,Posted: 30 August,all,Taciturn,don't buy if you want pve or to not have to actually study your opponent and not just button mash. do buy if you want satisfying pvp that takes a combo of skill and prediction
,Recommended,473690,34614687,Posted: 30 August,all,Burnwine,"Absolutely worth playing. Absolver is more than anything, a 1v1 pvp fighting game. Everything else, the free-roam off or online multiplayer is just a fun bonus to guide you through the game and build your character. Don't buy or judge it based on how fleshed out non-pvp or ""mmorpg"" it is, because to be honest, it isn't.The combat is very well done, satisfying and from what I can tell, fair and balanced. The move customization is a riot, putting moves together feels like playing GodHand all over again, and that fun is easy to relive.A bit complicated at first, but once it clicks, creating your own combos makes you feel like such a badass.If you like 3D fighters, you WILL like absolver."
76561198087874717,Recommended,473690,34614722,Posted: 30 August,all,stefeo,this game is sickcombat feels so nicesatisfying to playit is rewarding to learn the game and actually play (no button mash)it is rewarding to learn the moves through PvEgood stuff fun time
,Recommended,473690,34614724,Posted: 30 August,all,Samyrai,"I pre-ordered the game over a month before its release. I was hyped for this game, more hyped than I was for No Man's Sky. I was not dissapointed with how the game feels, looks, or even the short story because their is still so much to learn after you beat the game! I only have about 10 hours but plan on putting more."
76561198107337531,Not Recommended,473690,34614731,Posted: 30 August,all,Hardcore69er,"In the very short time I played,I did not know people and terrain could fly.Game crashes at random times.While the fighting animation is neat, chaining combos is simple enough for a toddler.You can inflict damage on yourself when punching the air.Incredibly dull when it comes to music.No plot.I have a 1080 and a 6700k and yet I was barely pushing 60 frames.Cool thing about the game is when you play against Goku online. They gave him Instant tranmission and makes the fight even harder."
76561198037837189,Recommended,473690,34614031,Posted: 30 August,all,Sir Hans von Groebels,"Absolver is a very special experience that is hard to find in the modern gaming world. It's developed by an Indie team and you can beat the ""story"" easily in a day, but it offers far more playtime than other AAA games for half the cost. I love that the main world offers very little direction, no map, and you are simply sent out to hunt 9 bosses before beating the 10th. Simple concept, executed very well. Many AAA games are a copy pasta of ""go here, do this,"" whereas in this game I found myself having to memorize landmarks and know my surroundings to get around. Many of the NPC's aren't too difficult, but there are some difficulty spikes.This game is very reminiscent of Dark Souls reinterpreted as a Borderlands-esque fighting game. The multiplayer is the bread-and-butter of the late-game and is the reason why I love this game (currently only 1v1's, with 3v3's coming soon). Although there are currently server issues (remember, small team), I had a flawless playthough and loved encountering other players along the way (to my knowledge there is no chat system and friendly fire is always on, so you communicate through gesturing, which I find very cool). Overall, once the servers are stable, this game will shine.Pros:-Short and sweet open-ened campaign-Great 1v1 PvP-NO season passes, micro-transactions, or gated content-FREE content coming soonCons:-Limited content-""Indie"" vibe sometimes means rough edges (things like not fully voice-acted NPC's)-Servers started having some issues-Difficult combat system (git gud)"
,Recommended,473690,34614845,Posted: 30 August,all,aidan,"When I first got this game i wasnt expecting much. Im not a fan of fighting games usually and dont much like the grind of RPGs. However, after playing a few hours and killing a couple bosses I fell in love. The comat is fluid, fun, and rewarding. You learn early on yhat you cant win by spamming x. Customization is lacking at the start but as you win more fights there are tons of clothing options. The deck system is confusing but cool and def adds more cool content. The story of the game takes 2-6 hours depending on your playstyle and it really only acts as a long tutorial. The real bread and butter of this game is the PvP. Servers are iffy like all games at launch but the PvP i have played is super fun and unique.8/10 Worth Buying."
76561198404647886,Recommended,473690,34614054,Posted: 30 August,all,OmniscientSmile,It's good♥♥♥♥♥♥man.
76561198073841255,Recommended,473690,34614058,Posted: 30 August,all,Eternal Spaghet,"This is THE game for you if For Honor let you down. Combat is deep and immensely satisfying. Along with the fun customization in the game, it's more than worth your money if you even think you'd be into this. Gems like this need all the players they can get,"
76561198073660168,Recommended,473690,34614064,Posted: 30 August,all,Heroic Sociopath,"I saw many negative reviews about this game because ""its not like dark souls""It isnt, its not supposed to be, and its not trying to be.Its its own thing, and personally Id like to see more PVE content too, and a map would've been nice,but the game is great for what it is.And I had fun running around with a friend doing the PVE stuff,  and the PVP part is pretty good.I cant think of any game like this, and I think it should be judged on its own merits."
,Recommended,473690,34614067,Posted: 30 August,all,Angry Gerbil,I absolutely adore this game. ill do a short pros and cons for ya.pros.1) Amazing Combat System2) Souls like world.3) Solid RPG stat system4) Character Customization5) Essentially making your own martial art6) Mentor and school systemNeutral1) Strong PVP presence (pvp centric)2) Promised future content (will be good if it comes true / bad if nothing comes of it)Bad1) Suffers from launch-day'itus2) Servers crap out from time to time3) minor glitches4) Fairly short PVE contentSummarywell worth the price tag imo. if you like competitive games thats essentially a make-a-fighter game than this is for you! If your looking for just pve you may want to hold off until they release more content
76561198153234034,Recommended,473690,34614504,Posted: 30 August,all,Soupy_Ghost,Fun and balanced fighting game.
,Not Recommended,473690,34614548,Posted: 30 August,all,Biggy the WarLord,"Even though this is a downvoted review, consider it a mixed one.First of all the game is fantastic when it comes to combat, but it kinda went down the path that destiny went down.Destiny:-Small world (decent size spaces seperated by paths)-Short Story that doesn't give you jack.-3 player party systemAbsolver-Small world (very small areas seperated by paths)-Extremely short story that really don't give you jack.-3 player party system...Short rant over. The reason why this is a mixed review is because while it basically sucks at everything else, the combat system is amazing. It easily puts For Honor to shame. It also focuses on creating and mastering your own personal deck with moves you can learn form basically anyone. NPCs and players can both become teachers that pass on their knowledge to new players. I just wish there was more to the game though. After the campaing, the only fun thing to do is enter the PVP arena or (i hate people who do this) randomly kill players who are just starting to understand the game.For the price ($30 as of writting this amature review), I'd say its worth it. But only for people that are in this just for the combat a lone and the PvP aspect. If you aren't into that, then this game might not be for you."
,Not Recommended,473690,34614552,Posted: 30 August,all,BASED Justice(OUT OF TOWN),"Game is dope as ♥♥♥♥, the fighting is really fun and interesting. However, the game is mostly a PVP game, and the servers don't ♥♥♥♥ing work. Ontop of the servers not working at all, the game feels really shallow on content, which hopefully will change but at the same time it just feels like an Early Access game. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥please."
,Recommended,473690,34614458,Posted: 30 August,all,Lord An0rak,I'm not crazy far in yet and I already am in love with how this game plays. Building combos has a more intersting style beyond just slotting in what happens if you press X multiple times. Seeing people around has been cool and has yet to lead to just being attacked on sight. It is a great blend of DS and Martial Arts that keeps me playing
,Recommended,473690,34613845,Posted: 30 August,all,FreakinFuzz,Online is bugged as hell but when I do get to play I really enjoy the game.AWESOME game to use with a Steam Controller if you own one.
,Not Recommended,473690,34613870,Posted: 30 August,all,TheNandoShow,"Great game, i'd really like to enjoy it, but the servers are so terrible across the board. Servers have been down for almost 30 hours now and the devs have been almost completely silent about it. Can't recommend it, as much as I want to."
76561198208594765,Recommended,473690,34613879,Posted: 30 August,all,Crusader-Chan,"Singleplayer is ok, Combat is very fun, visuals are good and work well with the theme. Game has a few bugs but the biggest overall problem is the servers, if they upgraded the servers this game would be one of my favorites."
,Recommended,473690,34615089,Posted: 30 August,all,DreamsOfWinter,This. Game. Is. Awesome.2 bad the story is pretty short.
76561198074649069,Recommended,473690,34615095,Posted: 30 August,all,Imortalkila,This is the fighting game I've been waiting for my entire life.
,Recommended,473690,34616212,Posted: 30 August,all,Haunted,"TL;DR :+ Fun 3d fighting game with very deep custom moveset/combo building.+ Amazing art and silky smooth animations+ Skill based (defensive mechanics like dodge/parry/absorb, rewarded for linking attacks rather than button mashing)- Not a whole lot of gameplay varietyThe meat and potatoes of this game is the combo system. you learn new moves by fighting enemies and integrate them into your ""deck"". I love the depth of this and have spent a lot of time in training mode just trying out new moves.There is pve open world where you run around the map fighting AI and Bosses, drop in coop/pvp like dark souls, and 1v1 pvp.I would highly reccomend to people who like combo-heavy fighting games."
,Recommended,473690,34614613,Posted: 30 August,all,Avocados.,"Its like World Of Warcraft and Tekken had a baby. As a Fighting game enthusiast, I was super pumped about this game and the release did not disappoint. I get to fight real people and NPCs alike. All with the simple goal of getting better at the game. The combat system is super rewarding and winning a fight becomes a huge achievement, due to the complex combat mechanics. I can't wait to waste all my time in the next few months improving at this game. Come fite me 1v1.12/10, would play again."
,Not Recommended,473690,34614667,Posted: 30 August,all,TK-1101,"Absolver, to me seems like Devolver's Answer to Dark Souls, while using For Honor's Combat system. I.e Same world design as Dark Souls, each enemy being challenging and will respawn every now and again, and For Honor's combat with avoiding, dodging, directional attacks and type attacks. Also the lock system that increases your combat effectiveness against one opponent but is kind of useless when facing four. Which is one issue I have with it. The other is THE REALLY ANNOYING CONSTANT CONNECTION DRM ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. Because you meet... People... Who have much higher gear just hit you and when your internet isn't NASA's, the combat is going to lag every now and again basically making the game unplayable."
76561198005622597,Recommended,473690,34615287,Posted: 30 August,all,The Doctor [Piluluas],Absolver is really fun! Personally haven't had any problems with the servers.
76561198120647537,Recommended,473690,34614904,Posted: 30 August,all,FallenHerosQc,"this game is lovely, plain and simple :D"
,Recommended,473690,34615222,Posted: 30 August,all,Dannie,"Okay...This game is hot!Detroyed NPC's, beat the bosses. ""I'm going to rek online pvp!""Goes 1v1 pvpGets rekt.Patience is a virtue!"
76561198080642628,Recommended,473690,34614933,Posted: 30 August,all,Wabbajacked,Learned to not get punched as much.8/10
76561198132857107,Recommended,473690,34615796,Posted: 30 August,all,Tronerfull,"The story goes by in a few hours but whats fun of this game is trying to get all the moves you can, (from other players or npcs) to build your own set. The graphics are beautiful, the soundtrack needs more active music for the pvp in my opinion.Im Trying to unlock all the pvp modes, altough I dont know if they are in the game yet. Hoping for it to succed and for the developers to give us more of the story of the world we are in and new fighting styles challenges or pvp modes will be nice."
76561198113234664,Recommended,473690,34613533,Posted: 30 August,all,Envy_Me,Better than For honor (UBisoft) is suck :D
,Recommended,473690,34613548,Posted: 30 August,all,Wilowwa,"Fantastic fighting game, PvE short but fun however frustrating at times but the meat of the game is in the 1vs1 fighting, which looks and feels fantastic. Highly reccomend to any fan of fighting games, specifically 3d ones"
,Recommended,473690,34613764,Posted: 30 August,all,FalseHopes,"As of right now absolver is a little at a low point. It just lanched and things are buggy, but take into acount that it's a small team that has already made a great game. It has a lot of  potential and will grow so much. as of right now i give it a 6.5 /7.0 out of 10. once bugs and server lag issues are fixed and they add in the new modes it will be a lot better."
,Recommended,473690,34613798,Posted: 30 August,all,Bob The Balder,Very satisfying combat
76561197966203934,Recommended,473690,34585214,Posted: 29 August,all,[b00n] §³{(- -)}Punisher{(- -)}§,"Its ok, but not realy my thing, i never liked dark souls like games so mybe thats why....6/10"
76561197962117831,Recommended,473690,34705250,Posted: 3 September,all,LIMIT_bro,"Great game despite the launch week bugs. Small dev team managed to make a MONSTER game, and just didn't have the manpower to handle the influx of players. If you are reading this and it has been a month since the release of the game...BUY IT! Combat system is fantastic, and so satisfying to play on. Graphics are gorgeous yet minimalistic. Just buy the damn thing"
,Recommended,473690,34705377,Posted: 3 September,all,Kral Sumavy,"Absolver is an addictive fighting game with a great concept that needs more content.Pros:- complex and responsive combat that feels very satisfying- fun and competititve multiplayer (both PvE and PvP)- charming environments- minimalistic yet appealing character design- mysterious story and loreCons:- often unstable game connections for multiplayer matches (about 1 of 5 matches result in crash or disconnect)- game is quite short for the asking price (finished the main story in about 6hrs)- lack of variety - the world itself feels more like a multiplayer hub in an MMO rather than a single player game world; not enough items to loot, not enough enemy variety; very few interactions with environmentDespite all its shortcomings, Absolver is an incredibly addictive game with lasting appeal far beyond it's short storyline. That is, if it manages to get you engaged in its competetive multiplayer."
76561198103543581,Recommended,473690,34706197,Posted: 3 September,all,Vasthetics,This game is sick...
76561198276748608,Recommended,473690,34706210,Posted: 3 September,all,Memes,"Simply amazing!!!!! Awesome game, makes you feel really cool while your playing the game, has very smooth gameplay, and overall really fun. The only problems with the game are how as it is very new the campaign is short (my friend tells me, as I only just started) and it can be quite laggy, but they're working to resolve that as they have implemented an oce server so I can actually play now.I would reccomend the game despite some downfalls, but you may want to wait for more storyline to come out if you don't have an amazing computer, because the amount of story line is fairly limited."
,Recommended,473690,34706153,Posted: 3 September,all,The 3rd Degree Pi,"While the combat, the landscapes in absolver are both exceptional in this game,there is one major thing that this gamelacks.The combat is very tight and rewarding once you have it down pat and you can feel like a badass when surviving a gank and coming out on top. Although there are a view annoyances, like being up agaisnt a wall. When you're pushed up against a wall and being attacked by >2 people, you're most likely going to be unable to see anyone save for the person you've locked onto. This can make fights much harder to enjoy.The world, while a little confusing at first, is very aesthetic. With winding roads and twisting turns you'll soon get lost in it, however that's -- for me -- one of the good parts.The main problem I have with this game so far is that there are no servers that Australians can connect to with decent ping. Well, any that I'm aware of anyway. I finished the pve aspect in 8 hours *Yes, I know, very slow* and now Absolver is going to sit in my library collecting dust until I can enjoy seemless pvp. I really have fallen inlove with this game -- despite being relatively bad and having quite a temper -- and I can feel the love that has been poured into this.I can't wait for the dev's ETA on Oceanic servers and I can't wait at all for the oceanic servers themselves."
,Not Recommended,473690,34705952,Posted: 3 September,all,Azusu,"Start off by saying tihs game is amazing, i love the fighting but the bugs ♥♥♥♥ this game over.  two profiles i have lost my saves because of corrupted file ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. this  also happened to a friend and alot of other people. the bugs are ♥♥♥♥ing insane in this game and completely ruin it. dont play this game unless you like it when you play for 12 hours and still havent ♥♥♥♥ing gotten through the tutorial technically because of corrupted save ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t,"
76561197995511506,Not Recommended,473690,34705897,Posted: 3 September,all,✪ Jebus,"Fix the laggy as hell servers. No point playing against people who attack you from halfway across the map. Also the auto change from invitation to encouter mode has to be fixed,"
76561198027718485,Recommended,473690,34711917,Posted: 3 September,all,CrypticChameleon,"This is an amazing game. Short-ish campaign, but the focus is on the PVP."
,Recommended,473690,34711745,Posted: 3 September,all,Celeb,Even the the game is still a little empty it has the best combat I've ever seen.
76561198091077358,Not Recommended,473690,34711889,Posted: 3 September,all,Slap-Ass!!,Just a fast review. don't buy if u r SEA ppl.. lagging as hell with pvp. uninstall for now n will keep in eye until they fix the lagging issue.
,Recommended,473690,34709233,Posted: 3 September,all,MattOne,I mean yeah it good
76561198045338194,Recommended,473690,34712105,Posted: 3 September,all,Janga,"I Love this game ya'll.  It's a simple idea: What if you could just hang out in a cool world and also you could fight anyone anytime?  I love the organic moments created by meeting strangers and NOT beating the crap out of eachother immediately.  The combat is great, takes time to master, and is rewarding to learn.  Customizing your own fight style could have been a chore but the simple yet deep design makes it fun to tinker with your character in a way I didn't expect.  The way gear stats works is fantastic(no gear is necessarily better or worse), and I've had endless fun redressing my guy into sweet new fab looks.This game is for people who like the challenge of mastering fighting games (street fighter, for honor, smash brothers).  If that isn't your bag this game probably would be really frustrating to play.Over all, this game is a wholistic experience like I've never seen.  It takes away a lot of the artificiality of other fighting games (menus and game modes etc.) and just plops you living into a really beautiful world.  Running around beating the snot out of bots is endlessly rewarding, and challenging other players to friendly sparring matches in just random parts of the world (even ambushing people) is great too.  Yo, just buy this game!9/10!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Also there is so much room for the game to expand in interesting ways.  I hope that's the direction the dev team takes, building on this really strong base."
76561198040186589,Recommended,473690,34709672,Posted: 3 September,all,Farron,"Honestly?I've been playing this game constantly with my boyfriend and we both adore this game, faults and all.There are faults, don't get me wrong.-Lag.-Bugs.-Invisible starcases.But this game just came out not too long ago, and considering the stellar gameplay, and the amount of fun you can have with friends and family, it more than makes up for the bugs. The game is really short, you can finish it in about four hours minimum I believe, and the devs have stated that they plan to crank out many more updates and content patches.So the game is here, it's solid even with all the faults, and those faults will be addressed at some point. I gotta give this a definite thumbs up.Ps. The game makes it very easy to run into other players, which adds a whole new dynamic to the gamplay, and gives you the opportunity to make new friends. Steam is a social gaming platform afterall."
76561198116315316,Recommended,473690,34709682,Posted: 3 September,all,SheWoman,"I absolutely adore this game. The fighting system is fun, challenging, and beautiful to watch as is the game style in general. I've never played a multiplayer online game before but I really like how non instrusive the multiplayer is, you can go your own way or join in as you please. I tend to go for linear story heavy games so the very interesting premise of this game sometimes seems wasted in terms of how basic the overall story is, but I appreciate that that is due to the type of game it is. I've only had an issue with server connection once so I don't really have any complaints about that, but for some that has been the main sticking point and that's the only gameplay issue/bug I have experienced. The main irritation is finding everything, your kind of left to figure it out yourself as there is no map or clear navigation system but that was only a minor frustration. I suppose with a game like this there is a risk of becoming bored once you've finished the main quest, but I'm perfectly happy just spending hours and hours fighting the NPC's myself.For some bullet pointsPros- Satisfying and challenging fight style- Beautiful visuals- Intriguing premise/story- Seamless multiplayerCons- Server connection issues- Sparse lore/story telling- Main quest done in 3-5 hours- Some people dislike the group fights (3-5 NPC's ganging up on you) I personally like the challenge, but you will lose 90% of the time in that scenario which some will find frustrating.All in all I thoroughly reccomend this game, and I really hope the Devs continue to build it up. I think it has a lot of future potential and supporting it at this stage could very well be the start in getting it there."
,Not Recommended,473690,34592815,Posted: 29 August,all,Cyberseal82,"THIS GAME IS A POS- SINGLE PLAYER STORY CAN BE BEATEN MULTIPLE TIMES IN LESS THAN 8 HOURS AFTER THAT ALL SINGLE PLAYER EVENTS ARE LOCKED UNTIL YOU INVEST HOURS INTO PVP ******THIS IS A FU CK IN G PVP GAME SOLELY WHEN ALL CONTENT IS LOCKED BEHIND PVP GAMEPLAY THE DEVS ARE GARBAGE AND THE GAME LAGS LIKE SH!T EVEN WHEN PLAYING ALONE DO NOT BUY THIS CRAP.If I wanted to play tekken I would of bought tekken they acted like this would be a cool rpg type of martial arts game where what it really is, is a pvp fighting game I have beaten this game twice already with two different characters in one night, anything else left to do is 1v1 matches and the matches are sh!t because they will put you as a lvl 30 play against people whom are many levels ahead of you even maxed out and their is no chance for you to defeat them and you dont find out what level they are tell after the match has ended. totaly a bullsh!t design to allow people to fight whom have way more skill/ability points then the other person they are fighting along with all the moves and such unlocked while you still have 20-30 moves left to unlock. ♥♥♥♥ the devs and their♥♥♥♥♥♥pvp game.1. The game does have issues rendering textures as i couldnt progress any farther at a certain point without falling through the map and having to restart my game. also boss models will spawn during boss fights which their are few of and will just be suspended their during the fight.2. When playing in online mode the servers are very laggy and it does effect game play.3. the constat beeping of of players joining in and out of the area is rather annoying and their is no option to shut it off.4.The map is rather small the devs made it sound as if it wasn't tiny but the map is the smallest map I have played on in the last 10 to 15 years of playing games.5. The story is well to be honest pointless, you have a very limited number of Friendly AI that you can speak to but other than that they dont fill any of the story in or even explain whats going on in the world. other than to say he hid things in cairins which is pointless to point out to anyone whom has ever played games would be able to tell this on their own.6.The textures of the game are rather cheap to say the least and with the amount of specs that this game is required to have in order to run everything on ultra the textures and the environment dont really do anything at all for the game then make it feel very cheap and last gen console indie feel, much more so with the small little map.7. there are a few doors to open but with all the buildings and such they could of opened the map up more and added more enemies and areas to give the game more depth and perhaps actually told the story of the game.8. you will kill yourself more than anything else as the fall damage is absurd, while you can use it to your favor at time to finish of enemies it just doesnt feel right to have a bad♥♥♥♥♥martial artist whom cant jump or fall more than ten feet without dying.9.you will pick up items but be warned their is no option to drop items that you find so you will aquire a mass inventory of items to dig through but at this point an time you cant drop any of the ones you dont want in order to make organization easier on the player, so once you pick an item up you'll carry it forever and a mass a huge collection.10. you cant quit the damn game without going to the main menu then logging back in the exiting and with their servers being sh!t you have to wait for it to hopefully connect then log out after a prompt that if youd like to try again this is annoying an a crap design when i quit to the main menu it shouldnt be lets connect you to the servers then let you exit the game these devs lack order in their design and development stages this is 2017 for christ sakes learn to design your menus where they are user friendly not a pile of crap that you put no effort into."
76561198099230060,Recommended,473690,34700915,Posted: 2 September,all,eltic123,"This game is brutal, it will not babysit you. The beginning gives you the basics of combat, drops you into an open world and thats it. No guidance, no map, no objective points, just good luck. For the first two or three hours you play this you will just be wandering around trying to figure out what to do. And while all this is going on you will be getting killed over and over again by the npcs, thats right the npcs are actually difficult on this game and there is no way to lower the difficulty. This game will kick your butt over and over. But despite all that I recommend trying it, for three main reasons. First reason is the combat, best melee combat in ANY game. This took what For Honor tried to do and made it better, with so many different moves and fighting styles everytime you fight another player they will be using a style you probably have not seen before. not in game styles necesarilly but their rythim and how they respond to your actions. And when you finally start to develope your own personal style and get these great exchanges, you feel like a badass. No game can make you feel cooler than this one, it makes you feel like you're in the middle of a kung fu movie. The second reason is because of the community, this game is similar to destiny in that other players are constantly in the game with you, and pvp is always on. This may sound like it'd be cancerous, but it's just the opposite. Players are constantly working together in order to advance, you can even do boss fights together. I was running around the map lost as hell and bumped into another player. We naturally started running around lost together and before I knew it we had been playing for two hours and defeated 4 bosses, all without saying a single word to eachother. The mentor system is amazing as well, it gives novice players a chance to try out high level players moves which just encourages you to grind harder to reach that level. Which brings me to my last reason, The Grind. As I said before, the game doesn't give you any guidance, so you are left to explore, grow, and discover yourself and it's done beautifully. Hours are spent wandering the map looking for the bosses, which can be fought in any order, and even more are spent just trying to get better. The boss fights are tough but fair, all of them can be done solo, but i recommend finding a buddy for the first couple.In conclusion, this game will make you frustrated, you will want to tear your hair out....but you will also love every moment of it. For some reason even though the learning curve is so steep, I never rage quit once throughout my play through. There's something about the challenge that just kept me asking for more. This game is far from perfect though, there is no fast travel which is frustrating, the load times can be long, the servers are either perfect or none existant, and honestly I want more boss fights and more areas to be explored. A few things to mention though are that the servers have improved dramatically since launch which bodes well for the future, and it is confirmed that more content will continue to be added to the game. all in all this game is amazing and I recommend it to anyone that wants a good fighter or something to just grind away in.If youre still reading, thanks for listening to my rant.Good luck Prospects!"
,Recommended,473690,34669951,Posted: 1 September,all,Richard Broadwood,"It's a very good game, with some rough corners that are to be expected with a new developer's newly released title.The combat is fantastic, if you let it be. If you spam the same three attacks, it's going to be a boring game. If you have your attack stances cycle through each other (you get four stances, each with three attacks), you're going to have some kickass fights.PvE is forgettable. The boss AI is good, but nowhere near as fun as humans.Music is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ play the music from Onimusha Dawn Of Dreams instead."
76561198072548125,Recommended,473690,34585872,Posted: 29 August,all,Sunshine Tom,"I won't touch on gameplay here because it's been covered elsewhere. Instead I'll address the main thing that affects me and others in my region.The biggest issue for people living in Oceania was the lack of OCE servers at launch. This is no longer the case. Sloclap had OCE servers up less than 72 hours after release. I went from having 90% of my 1v1 matches being completely unplayable due to latency, to the complete opposite. Now I get maybe 1 in 10 matches with sync issues.If you live in Australia or New Zealand, then I can confirm that connections are stable, and lag has become a non-issue."
,Recommended,473690,34701146,Posted: 2 September,all,Zomboney,Some of the most fun i've had in a fighting game. its hard to put the controller down addicting and great!
76561198008587525,Recommended,473690,34701152,Posted: 2 September,all,Dragonwealth,"I love this game! 10/10This game has one of the best combat systems you can experience. It takes a lot of practice, and I still am not nearly as good as most.If you don't like PvP, the end-game isn't that fun. That said, I still find myself really enjoying fighting the NPCs, even after beating the game. Speaking of which, the game doesn't take that long to beat, but it's really fun.The other thing i'll mention is that even when you get beat, sure you get frustrated, but mostly it's with yourself. You get inspired to search out the weaknesses of your combos, not mad at the other guy (most of the time). I love the introspection.The community is really helpful as well. Only a few bad apples.Overall, get this game if you like martial arts and/or fighting. It is amazing!"
76561198072356317,Not Recommended,473690,34629279,Posted: 31 August,all,DeVik.ing,The game is fun untill you get into the 1v1 part of the game... After that it just becomes who can spam more becouse the ping does not allow you to counter the enemy properely. All this needs is a max ping setting or something like that.
,Recommended,473690,34629038,Posted: 31 August,all,Toiletmeister♚,"To all the people that reviewed the game after 2 hours of playing it really didnt get to experience the game let alone have the audacity to say the game is bad. There are flaws in some areas but people that expected a game to be bug-free and exactly what they expected are just being stupid because no fresh release is like that, not even games that have been out for years. But I am not saying the game is amazing and if you put massive amounts of hours into it you'll enjoy it, but complete the story, pvp for a bit then decide whether you like it or not. (And to all the Oceania people they said they were adding the servers on September 1st, so don't complain about there not being servers they were 2 days late chillout)Pros- Fluent Combat- Good Graphics- PvP is rewarding- Student/Teacher system is well made- High Skill Cap- 30$ gameCons- Very Short Story (Ran the game in 6 hours)- Server lag at times (to be expected)- Bugs that ruin fights (They have a discord where they are constantly fixng issues)- Lacks content other than pvp after storyPlay the game for yourself before deciding on someone elses opinion"
,Recommended,473690,34627842,Posted: 31 August,all,slash harkiri,"Oh man the trip this game has taken me on.So you are a young recruit to the fantasy police for kung fu winners, but rather than train you like an ordinary police force/dojo would, they decide to kill two birds with one stone. so they instead unleash you on a down-beat city full of homeless people with a go-ahead to just beat the hell out of everybody you meet on the off-chance that every now and again they'll fight back, so you'll learn how to kick teeth in better.After a few good hours of doing what a shady, faceless police officer part of a possibly dystopian government does, eventually the homeless do what an ordinary group of supposed-martial artists do, and actually train. I don't know at what point exactly the populace went from getting fed their own teeth by me on a regular basis, to suddenly downloading the ""capoeira"" file from the matrix and reminding me what it felt like from the other end of the night-stick, but man was it great.Combat IsVeryenjoyable, and learning new moves is aswell, having to block, dodge or parry enough of the same move before you are able to make the enemy taste their own medicine. the game basically encourages you to toy with an opponent to learn everything they know before ending them.the only complaint i have about this game is the servers. trying to get through combat trials when your opponent is clearly working on a different time-scale is maddening"
,Not Recommended,473690,34628752,Posted: 31 August,all,WoofBorkDoggo,I really want to like this game but the buggy state it is in leaves it nearly unplayable. I've lost two save games due to crashes in just six hours of playtime which is ridiculous. No game should have issues like this at launch.
,Recommended,473690,34628241,Posted: 31 August,all,Papa Palpatine,"Good game feel, satisfying hit detection. Fun to kick people off ledges."
76561198047669418,Recommended,473690,34628250,Posted: 31 August,all,TiltOnJam,"Good custimization on both fighting style and items, fun fighting mechanics, great implementation of constant PVP, things look good for this game and I hope it progresses even further.On a side note, like Dark souls, the map gets consfusing. But do not le that deter you from beating up pepole looking for where the f**k that door is."
,Recommended,473690,34627964,Posted: 31 August,all,hollis,"Amazing game, I would recommend it for players who are looking for a dark souls esque experience, the gameplay consists of running around old ruins and beautifully designed landscapes fighting enemies with a customized deck of martial arts moves. it is fairly easy to run and you can tune the graphics settings to your whim. The multiplayer aspect of the game (which is a large chunk) is a little shotty right now, i've been playing for about 3 hours and I have only been able to play the lackluster PvE which is basically just grinding until you can beat bosses and then do nothing after that. The servers still haven't been set up very well but the devs are working on it. I would give this game a solid 7.5 out of 10 and once they fix the servers and some of the most problematic bugs I would kick my rating up to a 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,473690,34627766,Posted: 30 August,all,Ehrgeiz,"Absolver is very enjoyable. I haven't experienced any issues (besides servers) but your character transfers online and offline so no worries on that end, definitely offers a lot from various fighting styles and the ability to learn from your enemies. Would definitely purchase again."
76561198011096208,Recommended,473690,34628179,Posted: 31 August,all,HenrisDrendlton,This game is great! i got mad at it because of the server issue and inexplicable lag but don't mistake that for a bad game. When was the last time you remeber an indie game being perfect upon release?just needs some time and patience and you'll have yourself a great time playing it.
,Recommended,473690,34628076,Posted: 31 August,all,Jack,One of the best fighting games out.
,Recommended,473690,34628435,Posted: 31 August,all,TheAngryMelon,"Short, but it's a solid fighting game with a gorgeous art style and a wonderful soundtrack. If you've played games like Dark Souls or For Honor, you'll find that slipping into the gameplay of Absolver is very, very easy."
76561198055651184,Recommended,473690,34586528,Posted: 29 August,all,Thorlaff,"I had a bad review for this because of the lag that i had in fights. Its pretty much resolved now except for the glitches that i go through. Whole areas being unloaded with flying objects everywhere, getting stuck in area transitions etc. But the game itself is incredibly fun when you start getting the hang of it. It might be a bit of a slowburner in the beginning but all that changes when you start getting new moves and can create your own deck/build. The atmosphere is also topknotch, its very reminicent of darksouls. Which is a very overused ""term"" nowadays, but its really true for this title. Ive player through all of the darksouls games, this game gets the lonewanderer feel to the brim. You never know if someone is friend or foe which also brings some immense pressure. From what i can tell though most people dont attack you on sight. Ive had one fight with someone so far and they picked me up afterwards as if to test me. I really enjoy this game and if you have the patience to learn new and unique mechanics and love exploring vast areas and collect cool loot, this game is definitely for you."
76561198050786572,Recommended,473690,34631695,Posted: 31 August,all,mumsspaghetti,"I play from aus so was very laggy on launch day due to OCE servers not being available, so I did all the pve content and waited for the servers to come up. Very happy to say that they quickly added the OCE servers and now the online pay is very playable, have yet to experience since the OCE servers went up! Very enjoyable game, pvp is satisfying, would reccomend"
,Recommended,473690,34594351,Posted: 29 August,all,Michael Action,"So I had previously wrote a review for Absolver, right after release. I think I can add a bit more so here it goes...[PROS]Absolver nails in most of the things we (?) expected it to nail:- Its combat is amazing, deck building is very rewarding and movement looks very polished to me.- It's an amazing fighting game with RPG elements where you can completely costumize your fighting style (once you've unlocked the movements, ofc).- Music is quite good if you're into that sort of stuff and the possibility to play Offline is definitely a plus, if you'd rather haver the singleplayer experience- Maps are gorgeous, although far from being huge; you won't be doing much exploration, cause there is really not that much to explore. Expect to run around looking for enemy spawns/players.[CONS]Absolver has a few things that get quite annoying after a few hours of gameplay:- I'll start with the 30fps cap. It is what it is, you should know it works this way before you buy it.- The camera is crunky af. Seriously, this has been the most annoying thing throught the game. It's bearable when you're just 1x1-ing, but once you get to fight versus +2 enemies you see what I mean. Enemies corner you against walls or push you off ledges and you won't even see it coming, cause you'll too many times be staring at the ceiling (almost) completely oblivious of your whereabouts. This NEEDS to be fixed. I can't stress it enough.- It lacks content, regarding objectives besides becoming an Absolver. It has easily 20-30h of gameplay before you get there, but I imagine myself stop playing by then cause there's really not much to do.Overall, I would tell you to thing about this as a singleplayer experience, in case you don't have friends to play ir with you. Even then, it's a good game as it is and I hope it gets even better in the future, considering this has been release 2 days ago by the time I'm writing this. Don't expect it to be the kind of game you sink in dozens or hundreds of hours, cause it probabily won't. Otherwise, it's well worth its price as an original idea for a different kind of a fighting game.7/10"
76561198065314138,Recommended,473690,34622254,Posted: 30 August,all,smokenblow,exactly what i expected it to be 8/10
76561198046466512,Recommended,473690,34622036,Posted: 30 August,all,YungBlazen,"This is literally the best game in the world and I can say that with confidence after only logging 9hrs in the 2 days of release. But dont play it for the story, Im already finished with the story but I have hella fun 1v1ing people in the world and with the trails, even 3v1ing is possible if you know what you're doing, just pick a build and go with it 12/10 love of my life"
,Recommended,473690,34622164,Posted: 30 August,all,Koilds the Weeb,"Absolver is an extremely fun martial arts game, a breath of fresh air for me.Fluid combat, the way you can customize your own set of moves is also awesome, no one player will feel the same when fighting them so you'll always be on your toes when it comes to the players.I recommend this game to all my friends, I'd give it a 7.5/10, the connection issues at the moment ruin some of the online play for me."
76561198055603704,Recommended,473690,34700896,Posted: 2 September,all,UltralightMeme,"Needs work, but so far PvP is really fun. PvE is not terrible, but it is definitely lackluster. Hopefully they add more areas and bosses with the planned free add ons and updates. Combat deck system is awesome. I also love the way the game looks."
,Recommended,473690,34700854,Posted: 2 September,all,LlamaGod420,"A beautiful game. This is a solid 8/10.If you like mixed martial arts, being a kung fu bad♥♥♥♥♥ innovative combat, gorgeous style, and a great atmosphere, this is the game for you. It's only $30!As of right now, the servers are struggling, so be prepared for that. However, the game provides an environment for single players to hone their skills and learn different moves to build a unique combat deck. Like quick, fast punches? or are you one for smooth, graceful kicks? Maybe both?This a must by for fighting game and martial arts fanatics!"
,Recommended,473690,34699589,Posted: 2 September,all,Hawful,"So, my disclaimer is that currently online is pretty messed up.Fortunately, single player is still a ton of fun and the game is steadily improving.Beatiful world, beatiful moves. Great air of mystery to it.If you are into games like dark souls but are looking for something a little less punishing I think this will scratch that itch."
,Recommended,473690,34699632,Posted: 2 September,all,ACFresh,best hand to hand combat game
,Recommended,473690,34698845,Posted: 2 September,all,Penguin of Insanity,As if Dark Souls and For Honor had a love child.
,Recommended,473690,34698853,Posted: 2 September,all,Hawkn,"It's a fighting game. A lot of people don't seem to understand that. It has a high skill cap and a big learning curve.The game is fun, ambitious, cheap, and Sloclap seems to be on top of frequent updates, and free future content.Give them a chance, and don't get upset at early balance issues, or server stability at launch. If that turns you, off, just hold off on picking it up until things settle down."
76561198083835339,Not Recommended,473690,34650333,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr. Ghost,"I have mixed feelings about this game. It has great potential, I absolutly love the mixed martial arts, all the moves you can pick up in kick boxing and muj tai. However, unfortunatly I am disapointed in the game as a hole. It is consistently repetative, and lets just say it get frustrating having to do the same things over and over and over agian. for example, I faught my way to the boss past all his minions etc, made it to the  mini boss and was killed. In most games youd spawn fairly close, as in you dont have to go fight all the minions again, maybe they realised that it would get repedative, or something. Another thing is the conection issue, and from what i saw on the internet, not only me.There are some really great qualities about the game. Like ive mentioned, the mixed martial arts styles from, kick boxing, muj tai, karate, kung fu and others im sure. Another thing i really like is the four derection stance and the attacks and counters that go with it. If you pay attention to a real figters like Jacki Chan or Bruce Lee (others) you can notice they ussualy have a reaction to every action, or a action to a reaction. And this seams to be attempted in this game, not perfect, however its better then ive seen in other games (cought: For honor)Also another cool feature about this is you can see all the actions (fighting stands/styles) that are in the game and basically mimic them at home, practicing to be a self tought martial artist.Do I recommend this game?Yes, but I say this with a grain of salt.This could be better but its a good idea and fairly well developed."
,Not Recommended,473690,34699677,Posted: 2 September,all,Kragled,Boring as hell even with friends go back to For Honor
76561198049476739,Recommended,473690,34699701,Posted: 2 September,all,Bitey,"Cons:This game can be super buggy, though most persistent bugs can be solved by restarting the game.The singleplayer mode of this game is super short, allowing you to beat in in only a few hours.The servers are down chronically as of now, meaning there are times where you won't be able to play online.Pros:Fun and rewarding combat system.The combat deck system allows you to create custom movesets that fit your playstyle perfectly.There are a plethora of moves that you can add to a combat deck.There's seemless multiplayer integration that allows you to play with others nearly all of the time.The PVP in this game is dynamic and rewarding.If any of the cons in this list are a deal breaker, obviously don't buy the game and wait on it. If you're a fan of third person melee combat games, this game is well worth it, though it doesn't feel finished in it's current state. Unless you know you want it, hold off on buying it until it's in a better state."
,Recommended,473690,34699481,Posted: 2 September,all,J3rz3yD3viiL,"I love the game. Could be more to the story. The Co-op could be fixed to where you don't drop off the team when you die and have to find your friend and re-joing the co-op. The servers right now are♥♥♥♥♥♥and that is what bothers me the most. When they are working its fun to play alone or with friends.I mean, it is 30 lurks from a small studie. Hope they get it right.Happy to support this game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34699839,Posted: 2 September,all,Kafes,Really short story mode. I wanted to enjoy this game in co-op while beating up easy AI because I suck at fighting games. This one is too complicated for me. I might one day return if they implement a bigger open world or make a longer story mode.But if you like fighting games this one is allready better than For Honor. If they keep updating it that is.
,Not Recommended,473690,34700264,Posted: 2 September,all,Martin,"Where to begin.. well the art style is great thats for sure. No clue whats going on with the story but that wasnt really the point in buying this game to begin with. Multiplayer is well.. not available. (And right before I started typing this I noticed this has been an issue for the past week it seems with no word on a fix.) After multiple attempts at learning the game's controls and mechanics in solo I was introduced to some of the most frustraiting controls I have come across in a fighting game. To me, its not intuetive to say the least, and the stances are so random I fail to see the apeal in the system. I was told this was close to For Honor in how to control stances.. that was a horrible comparison as I see it way worse. Maybe if the mapping of buttons were better laid out it wouldnt be so bad but even then, I think the overall scheme of things wouldnt work out too well. Seems like it was a ""good Idea on paper"" type ordeal. The biggest kicker for though is there is enough delay in the responsiveness in your actions that i thought my controller was failing me, then I noticed it did the same on the KB & mouse also. After a little over an hour of headache, frustration, and the constant ""Cannot connect to Server"", I am requesting a refund."
,Recommended,473690,34677115,Posted: 1 September,all,IronAngel,"This is a really interesting melee game unlike any other I've played. Between the way combat works with the various stances, moves, and gear makes you really have to think about how you want to play. Button mashing might work for the very beginning area, but you'll soon have to incorporate more advanced maneuvers. I love how you have to learn new moves via experience instead of just raw xp gain.What little time I've been able to play online has been excellent, as the majority of other players I've run into have been helpful, if not respectful. The majority of duels I've been in have began and ended with both combatants bowing and resurrecting the defeated opponent.The downside:Right off the bat would have to be the servers, I have only been able to get online twice since the game released earlier this week. I'm able to play other internet intensive games like PUBG/Rocket League without issues, so I'm laying blame on their servers.While wandering the map you're almost always pitted against against multiple NPC characters at once, which if you have friends is great, but alone it can be frustrating.In the Combat Trials 1 vs 1 Duels, you can be pitted against someone far more experienced. My second duel I was up against a level 40 character while my character was level 13. However as badly as he beat me, I didn't feel frustrated for the experience, and it was humbling to see what someone better could do.Despite the issues, I feel like I've made a good purchase and would recommend it if you love more nuanced fighting games.*Edited for clarity"
76561198020058008,Recommended,473690,34701790,Posted: 2 September,all,Chickenman,Best depiction of martial arts in a game ever maybe...would love to see some grappling and improvement to the multi-enemy system. Still very worth trying if you like fighting games at all.
,Recommended,473690,34701664,Posted: 2 September,all,Qwertx,"It has really fun gameplay, there is a lot of customisation. I would definitely recommend this over For Honor. The world isn't to big but it has very diverse locations. It also looks very good."
,Recommended,473690,34701506,Posted: 2 September,all,Nivis117,"Gameplay wise, this game is a dream come true. Building your own fighting stance and going against other people. The only downside i could think of is the game's SERVER STABILITY. I live in SEA and the game is basically unplayable if i connect online (either the enemy or myself teleporting both in PVE or PVP). The devs have promised to fix this issue. One can only hope that by next week the problem will be resolved."
76561198042742894,Recommended,473690,34701513,Posted: 2 September,all,KvotheTheBloodless,"This game is tough at the beginning, and has a few bugs, but if you learn the moves, train your dodges/parries/absorbs you will have more fun in this game (especially in PvP) than in any other fighter! Definitely recommend buying and playing it through (past the 3-4hr campaigns and into PvP for the best experience).No other fighter PvP hame has such amazing hitboxes, depth of combat, and fun mechanics. Plus there is fun loot to collect too!"
,Recommended,473690,34592983,Posted: 29 August,all,worm!!!!!,broken!!!!! keep no clipping in ground!!!!servers always not letting me connectgood gameEDIT!!!!! -game much betterservers still wackgame is broken in certain areas where you can no clip into ground and fall to death420/69 would play many more hours
,Not Recommended,473690,34699380,Posted: 2 September,all,Helba,Can't change majority of keybinds and there is no available server to play on.
76561198054749209,Not Recommended,473690,34699246,Posted: 2 September,all,KinkyTurtle,"For a game that is heavily based on reaction time, you'll get ♥♥♥♥ing triggered when you and your opponent are teleporting back and forth on your screen. I like this game, really, but PVP is nigh impossible to play right now."
76561198090550042,Recommended,473690,34670289,Posted: 1 September,all,Vagabondian™,Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game and don't think twice.
,Recommended,473690,34672406,Posted: 1 September,all,Magick Spooky Dragon,"Very interesting art style, along with melee focused combat styles. Very easily playable after some practice, though it can get a bit spammy. Can't wait to see what content is added in the future, if any."
76561198304342961,Recommended,473690,34678372,Posted: 2 September,all,Weeaboo_Warrior,gr8 game play but i cant get into a single server; also fighting mark ones is like playing dark souls
76561198054130952,Recommended,473690,34678905,Posted: 2 September,all,Lochlannach,"Very fun game that can be challenging. Thankfully there is a single player portion of the game, because multiplayer is almost unplayable with the current servers unless you are doing 1v1 matches. Recommend buying once they fix the server issues."
,Recommended,473690,34680735,Posted: 2 September,all,Oni,"Im actually recommending this game for people who don't have any problems with playing the game mostly in offline mode.LAGS/DELAYS ON MULTIPLAYER NEEDS FIX.Needs more improvements on navigation on selecting moves, to be more specific is that when you learn new moves you go to practice mode and having a hard time tring find that the new move on what sp[ecific move set is it available. Would be nice if it has an option to sort available moves and ALL MOVES EVEN WHEN NOT LEARNED."
76561197989634916,Not Recommended,473690,34584890,Posted: 29 August,all,Malkavian Megalosaurus,"Even with all my hours I don't recommend the game unless it is on sale (and the community is still alive) or if the devs start patching the game and expanding on content.Pros:- You can create your own attackmove sets by combining different attacks. These combinations are called a deck.- The combat system is quite expansive with cancels, parries, dodges, high attacks, low attacks, attacks from the right or left, etc.- There are 4 different styles. One is meant for quick dodging, one for parrying, one for absorbing hits, and a last one for doging and attacking at the same time.- I like the artstyle. It is simplistic, but it is also clear in showing you what is what. The only issue I sometimes have is when the AI is in a dark corner and it is difficult to see what attack they are doing.Neutral:- Weapons are temporary. You can use some weapons for quite a while, but eventually they all break. This prevents somebody from picking up a weapon and overpowering everybody while the weapons do give quite an edge while they last.- The 3 boss fights in the game are solo, so you cannot bring in a friend.Negative:- The tutorial sucks! A lot of things aren't explained and are left up to your exploration or you have to go the the menu, meditate, practice your moveset, then open the menu and ask for tips which are then shown in text form.These things should have been explained in the game itself, and interactively.This makes the game feel really unfair when you start out with for example windfall and you notice the AI glowing blue and powering through you attacks, or the AI stopping time to block and counter. This is because the AI uses different styles, but the game never explains things like this.- Although there are a lot of moves, most are useless compared some some. This leads to certain decks being used almost all the time in PvP since they give the best or close to the best damage/speed combination.- There are a lot of server issues. I often either cannot connect to the server or I lose connection while playing. This messes up PvP heavily since lag is prominent.- Server timeouts during loadingscreens take too long. If you cannot connect to the server you have to stare at the loadingscreen for quite a while.- In an area there is a cap of 4 players total, so there is not a huge amount of interaction in that regard.- You will build up a lot of items in your inventory and you can't do anything with these items. I have some equipment 5 times for example and it cannot be deleted, dropped or anything.- Rearranging the inventory is also not an option, so there is no inventory management. Things are listed in the order you picked them up.- I fell through the map twice now and I had a few times where I could see through it, knowing I would fall through if I continued to walk. When falling I couldn't open the menu and I also didn't respawn so I was stuck floating in empty space.- It is possible to earn the ""black belt"" in your school by suiciding. It is how I reached it in the stagger school I found. Just jumping off cliffs in PvP earned me the highest rank and I also earned about 8 PvP ranks while doing this which is plain stupid.- You learn moves by blocking/dodging them. This leads to looking around for specific NPC's, attacking them until they are at low health, and then circling while holding the block button. There should be another (more fun) way to earn movesets.- PvP feels forced in several ways. You cannot advance within your school by doing PvE, so you cannot earn the rewards for certain school ranks this way. If you want to unlock boss fight variants on the 3 bosses in the game, you have to PvP. You cannot earn PvE boss fights by doing PvE things.- The PvE area is really small. It only contains 3 bosses and that's it. You can unlock variants on the fights, but like I said, you need to PvP for that. Doing purely PvE isn't really a thing aside from collecting loot and moves.- Most enemies fight you by mobbing you. A lot of spawns are 2 or more NPC's close to eachother.- School rewards should be reworked heavily. You will start with a deck (which you can't change), after that you will unlock a skill (which you most likely already had), then a weapon deck (which you can't change), followed by another skill you already had, followed by another weapon deck you can't change.Suggestions:- You choose a style before you play and unlocking a new style takes quite a while. It would have been nice if you could use all the styles in the tutorial and had to pick afterwards.- Allow players to build their own school decks out of certain moves. Giving a player a deck they can't edit is limiting and I don't understand why this has been chosen.- Give moves to players if they continue to execute them. I equipped the stagger deck when I could, but you don't learn the moves by doing them via the school deck.- Make the servers more stable and allow more players on them. A patch is on its way next week, but I want to see it before I believe it.- Implement things against lag switchers. Right now you can do this without repercussion. Allow me to filter out PvP matches (for instance with a ping > 75) and kick somebody if their ping starts going up and down erratically for 5-10 seconds.- Allow players to infinitely respec! I want to try different things, but going off the path of efficiency will hurt me in the long run. Creating separate characters is not really an option since I would have to unlock every move and style again and also level up to level 60 again.- Add more quality PvE content. Seriously, 3 bosses isn't a lot and enemies that mostly win by swarming isn't good content nor a good amount of PvE content.- Coop bosses should be a thing. Maybe add a few new bosses that you can fight with others.- Moves have to be balanced better to prevent specific decks from dominating PvP. I understand that this is difficult and certain moves will be more popular than others, but right now there are some no brainer moves to include which kills creativity.- There is no reward or reason to PvP outside to the combat trails. Maybe give half or a quarter of the school experience you would get in combat trails when PvPing outside of them. To prevent large scale ganking you can give the reward to the defender instead of offender, but PvP in the open world now is mostly grieving.- Make school rewards permanent so they aren't gone if you leave the school.- Improve the school rewards. Allow armor sets etc. to be unlocked when reaching certain ranks.- Implement a way to show how much armor helps you. Maybe add a health bar to the equipment menu and color a part of it red and adjust it based on the selected equipment.All of this is why I am more negative than positive about recommending this game. So much needs improving and the game feels like early access with lots of promises of improvements in the future like 3v3 combat and a possibility of more PvE combat.Make sure a game is worthwhile when it comes out and not a few months down the line when more features are implemented. If you want to do that, release the game either as early access or a closed beta for pre-orders.My main worry is that the player base will die off since I think most players will start with the game, find the mechanics obtuse due to poor explanation and then they will leave/refund the game. If they stick with it they will find moves that unlock slowly, only 3 PvE bosses, and PvP that is dominated by very specific movesets (not to mention rubberbanding and such).At launch there were almost 19.000 players accoring to Steamcharts, while right now there are at most around 8.500 players.Edit: Although the devs ""patched"" savegame corruption, it apparently still happens. Be warned!"
76561198034982087,Recommended,473690,34682805,Posted: 2 September,all,Bones,what a great game   open world fighting
76561198039772061,Recommended,473690,34674463,Posted: 1 September,all,Asphyxia,"Amazing game but please know what you are buying~Do not buy this game if you are looking for the following:An thralling story.  I am convinced the developers do not even know what the story is.  It is full of bits of pieces of lore that really do not make a whole lot of sense and will just leave you with more questions than answers.PVE content.  Yes, the game has PVE content, however, it should be considered a fairly large tutorial for the end game which is PVP.Do buy this game if you are looking for the following:PVP - This is a hardcore fighting game.  The depth of this game comes from collecting various moves to put into your combat ""deck"" at which point you will challenge other fighters in a 1v1 combat.  You will earn experience points and random unlocks that reward you along the way.  They are also going to institute a 3v3 fighting mode coming soon which I feel will be a nice change of pace as well.Simply put, Absolver has the framework to really be something special but you need to understand what you are buying.  You are buying a game that has the primary focus of PVP.  Do not buy this game for any other reason.  A simple comparison would be buying Street Fighter for the arcade mode.  You just wouldn't.  You buy Street Fighter for the online competition and the same holds true for Absolver.Side note, for those of you who have put several dozen hours into For Honor like I have, I feel this game trumps it in almost every facet.  For Honor was plagued by the turtle meta which rewarded players on just focusing on counters.  In this game you cannot do this as your stamina is drained with each block.  Since this game is really not focused as much on ""Classes"" as For Honor, and focuses entirely on your ""deck"" it will not have the horrific balance problems that ruined that game as well.TLDR - The combat is amazing, buy this immediately if you are interested in a pulse pounding pvp game.  Skip it if you are looking for anything else.5/7 would buy again."
,Recommended,473690,34674427,Posted: 1 September,all,Dilsoc #Dick,"Finished the game in 13 hours (could've taken less) but the game is SO FUN!!finishing the game isn't stoping me from playing it more and making more charactersit can get tricky and lonely, try to get some friends in this game for that extra fun <3"
76561197968415750,Recommended,473690,34674365,Posted: 1 September,all,Vertan,"This is a special kind of fighting game, but in a good way."
,Not Recommended,473690,34604258,Posted: 30 August,all,Fok off,"I cant even play the game, the servers are so sh*t that i cant even walk properly. Fıx server and i will give this game a thumbs up."
76561198080197406,Recommended,473690,34676450,Posted: 1 September,all,JacobZeD,"This game is amazing...Seriously, I'd reccomend it if you are okay with the price tag, for as it is now (9/1/2017) it's a bit lacking in story or PVE, it's completely fun and such, but after the final fights (won't spoil too much) you just rerun the same areas for stronger enemies. There's still stuff to find but I think it shouldn't just be PVP, it should have more story mode like, it should really build on the CO-OP, it's insanely fun switching with a friend trying to not kill the other."
,Recommended,473690,34676561,Posted: 1 September,all,TechSkella,"I think this is a good game, the fighting is fun and getting new moves is not that easy which makes it fun. The only problem i have is it kicking me out of online after a little"
,Recommended,473690,34676626,Posted: 1 September,all,pakZndra,"IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A HARD GAME (Despite Dark Souls) THIS GAME WILL FVKKED YOU UP IN THE AZZ LIKE ZHYIT. IF YOU ARE LOOKING SOMETHING TO KILL YOUR TIME, THIS GAME IS SUIT FOR YOU. GAMEPLAY IS SO FVKKING AWESOME, SO THE GRAPHICS (Thumb up) BUT IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO FUN WITH, OH NO.. JUST BUY ANOTHER GAME. THIS GAME AIN'T NO FUN, IT'S FRUSTATING LIKE HELL, THE EQUIPMENTS ARE HARD TO FIND, BUT WHEN YOU FOUND ONE YOU HAVE TO MAKE YOUR DECISION WHICH ONE YOU SHOULD USE IT BECAUSE EVERYTHING MAKES IMPACT TO THE CHARACTER AND THE LOOK OF IT. WHEN YOU CHOOSE TO BUY THIS GAME AND PLAY IT, TOP TIP: LEARN THE TECHNIQUES INSIDE MEDIATION IT'LL HELP YOU. BECAUSE THE BOSS AIN'T NO JOKING. LEARN THE ENEMY MOVES, DON'T FORGET TO USE YOUR FREAKING SKILL. THIS GAME IS AWESOME, I BET YOU CAN'T ""ZERO DEATHS"" IN THIS GAME. PEACE."
76561198078149652,Recommended,473690,34676580,Posted: 1 September,all,HapTato,"It takes 4 hours to beat all the bosses, but it's still fun. PVP is alright but needs more arenas, and the connection issues need to be resolved. It's a good game. Maybe not a $30 good game, but still a game you should check out at some point."
76561198261985857,Not Recommended,473690,34677295,Posted: 1 September,all,marklewin.344,"At the current time I can't say that I recommend this game, at least not for Australian players. The servers are laggy as all hell and this just completely destroys the gaming experience. It looks and feels like a great game, but when you get into combat it just ruins things. Unless they introduce some better servers for Australian players I can't recommend it to them."
76561198074365068,Recommended,473690,34686661,Posted: 2 September,all,orange,"If you are into swords, melee or naything as such this game will be great for you.PROS-Best combat system i've seen in a while, it never gets repetetive especially in PVP.-Great developer team. They are gonna add future updates that will change the game.-Fluid PVP .-Awsome deck customazition.-Amazing community.-Amazing boss fightslast one is very challenging-Astonishing graphics.CONS-PVE gets tedious especially when high level and farming for certain moves.-""Story mode"" is rather fast, can be finished in 2 hours if said player is dedicated and not me (took me 2 days...)-Servers are unstable at night (probably gonna be fixed soon).Overall great game I rate it 8.5/10 oranges"
,Recommended,473690,34682908,Posted: 2 September,all,CensoredByAdmin,The map is spaghetti.
,Recommended,473690,34683991,Posted: 2 September,all,White Scarf,Like.
76561197992513801,Recommended,473690,34683994,Posted: 2 September,all,Grailer,Good game .  needs oceania servers
76561198003430086,Recommended,473690,34626946,Posted: 30 August,all,Zourin,"If you're looking for a custom fighting game with a shake of Dark Souls in the background, look no farther. Be prepared to get thrown unapologetically into the deep end for only one purpose: get better. Failure is an opportunity to learn and grow, and success is not handed out unearned as you build your own move sets and explore your own unique style.Other players are both your rivals and your tutors in equal measure, whether in the field or in the one-on-one combat trials A rematch is as much a cooperative guesture as a competitive one, no matter the skill level.Absolver survives as a strong title and personal recommendation for the year. Keep your eyes on Sloclap in the future."
,Recommended,473690,34626936,Posted: 30 August,all,MoronicGood,"Great style, Very Balanced. Great game!"
76561198059059017,Recommended,473690,34640652,Posted: 31 August,all,Snuffy,"I wanted to like this game but thought I wouldn't based on the play I saw on youtube..  Well I was wrong and am thrilled that I am wrong.  So first, what is absolver?A 1v1 PVP combat game that requires skills, tactics, and some reflexes.  Think for honor duels but more tactical, a lot less cheese, and a lot less dependent on twitch skills.  This is what absolver actually is, the PVE is bleh,The good:Deck buildingIt isn't about stringing moves together that look cool (they all do hehe).  You need to understand how the combat works and build your deck for the versatility needed.  You have dodge attacks (dodge high attacks, dodge vertical attacks, dodge low attacks) that do damage also, you have guard breaking attacks, you have attacks that move you etc.  You hit high, you hit low, you throw side attacks.  All of this is important in your deck and stances to be decent.  You simply have to build a good deck to have a chance.  The deck is your toolkit for strategy on how  you will fight and counter people.Button mashers get ownedThere is a skill gap in this game.  I read about button mashers and when I first started playing thats EXACTLY what I did.  Then I went into pvp and lost the first two rounds.  By the third round I figured out I needed to think about what attacks I wanted to do, how I wanted to open etc.  I won 3 in a row and won the match.  I have consistently beat people 15+ levels above me with thier fancy Drunken stance.  Heck the first guy i beat was level 20 and I had yet to unlock any new attacks lol.   You need strategy and know how to use your deck once you built it.You have to learn on the moveYour enemy has his own deck which is unique to how he likes to play.  You have to be quick to pick up on how his attacks chain together and if he breaks them off or not.  If you can figure out a pattern to how he plays... You will punish him.building your characterEach attack you have gets better with several of your stats.  Some high movement attacks take from your movement so if you equip heavy armor then those attacks will suck for you.  Most have a combination that adds to them so your movement, str, and dex all impact how good that attack will be for you.  So putting in stats is something you need to put some thought into.The bad:PVE sucks:PvE in this game sucks.. I mean it is kinda really bad.  Sure 1v1 vs the NPC is fun but more times then not you are getting gangbanged.Grouping is badno chat... really no chat.  You die you leave the group and I may be wrong but I have yet to find my friends list.  If someone is with you then you can invite them to play together.So all in all, if you want a game to do some really fun dueling that requires pre-preperation (deck building), more brainpower then twitch skills to win..  Then this is your game.  Perfect for an older fart like myself whos twitch skills are not what they used to be.  if you want a PVE RPG dungeon crawler then you really need to not buy this game because that aspect of it is weak at best."
76561198119458796,Not Recommended,473690,34638940,Posted: 31 August,all,Penlington,Buff Forsaken and Parry.
76561198245382202,Recommended,473690,34638885,Posted: 31 August,all,JCS2249,Why is this game so difficult?
76561198126166192,Recommended,473690,34617384,Posted: 30 August,all,강간,"The actual game is quite fun, especially in coop. However, the servers have been absolutley horrible, and I have been able to experience online play only twice. So, until they fix servers I would wait but wont thumb down the game because it is a very enjoyable experience we just need to wait for servers to go back to normal."
76561198017280965,Recommended,473690,34637702,Posted: 31 August,all,P4yn3_M4st3r,well if you want a fighting game with great mechanics well this is your game.I hope the game keeps growing and evolving.
,Recommended,473690,34639238,Posted: 31 August,all,Oxameter,"I almost killed this boss, when the server froze for a solid minute. Afterward, the boss got a free heal, I didn't, and it consumed all of my shards. GG"
76561198094081727,Recommended,473690,34637625,Posted: 31 August,all,CrossDownStreet,Goooood
76561198064735196,Recommended,473690,34637639,Posted: 31 August,all,Amon,"A lean, mean fighting game with some PVE elements."
76561198018544684,Recommended,473690,34638798,Posted: 31 August,all,Striver,Combat is - Amazing  - still plenty of room to improve but overall for the price well worthed :) keep it up
76561198006399674,Recommended,473690,34620186,Posted: 30 August,all,kompromat,"Buggier than %#$@, but still one of the best fighting games I've ever played."
76561198128199416,Not Recommended,473690,34623303,Posted: 30 August,all,BORIS,"Game doesn't work with a generic USB controller that works with every other game I tried it with. And oh yeah, it's a PVP game but there are no servers up at the moment. Feels too green, honestly. Definitely not worth 30usd."
76561198146044885,Not Recommended,473690,34623093,Posted: 30 August,all,ArbitraryLines,"This game is perfect if you're friendless. If you have buddies good luck utilizing your valuable concurrent playing times, because odds are the servers will be down the one time you can play with them.Overall the game really is quite good, once servers are more stable definitely look into it. For now I'll just dejectedly keep hitting 'enter' on the server refresh while my buddy repeats ""I wanted this game to be good SO BAD"""
,Recommended,473690,34623110,Posted: 30 August,all,FrostyTheStoner - Twitch,This game is great
,Recommended,473690,34623147,Posted: 30 August,all,Juno Iustitia Est,"It's a ♥♥♥♥en good man. I like this shiz. Play it, you'll understand."
76561198364886269,Recommended,473690,34624277,Posted: 30 August,all,Corrupted Dragon,"This game is basically hand-to-hand, fun For Honor with the added bonus of fashion souls"
76561198094052699,Recommended,473690,34615755,Posted: 30 August,all,SwagLikeGandhi,"It seems like a cool game, however, I can not connect to the server to PvP."
76561197964228910,Not Recommended,473690,34624602,Posted: 30 August,all,<REDACTED>,"""Server Connection Failed.  Do you want to retry?"""
76561198289284971,Recommended,473690,34624416,Posted: 30 August,all,Nacho,This is literally the game ive been waiting my whole 19 years of existence10/10 Would review again
76561198302452838,Recommended,473690,34624433,Posted: 30 August,all,thebloodlessking,"First review so bear with me,, first of all this is a great game with an even greater potential. Imagine jade empire and dark souls (lite on the dark souls) it, not a bad looking game in the slightest. Simple graphics nothing too glossy but enough to keep you pulled into the world. I would love to play online but meh gives me some time to feel out the game a bit. (Right now people seem to be having an issue connecting to the servers myself included.)  Pushing forward I hope the devs remember two crucial things listen to your growing community, and dont forget originality will be your best friend here define this genre its yours now.."
76561198166873825,Recommended,473690,34624398,Posted: 30 August,all,ScareCrow0798,"I love the game, very fun to play. Only problem i have is the occasional lag during pvp or in the open world."
76561198044433200,Recommended,473690,34624404,Posted: 30 August,all,Spaghetti Kid,its good
76561197995206771,Recommended,473690,34623185,Posted: 30 August,all,Slufurah,"Very high learning curve, but once you learn how the moves combo with stance changing the games combat just opens up super fun with friends highly reccomend!"
76561198067493231,Recommended,473690,34632888,Posted: 31 August,all,Inhumanemaniac,"Is Absolver worth £24.90?Well I got it for 20, but since playing it I'll be honest and say it's probably worth more.Pros:Close-to-perfect combat.Little to no lag (in England)amazing art styleChallenging NPC'sBalanced and fair gameDecent and varied armour/clothingAs of now no move/combo or style that is a 'must have'.Beauitful worldReally fun Competitve gamemodesCons:The story, albiet interesting, is short.Lack of character customisation (You can only change hair and skin colour)Basically, the devs have given us more than enough content to enjoy for a low price and from what they've said I'm sure we'll be getting more pretty soon."
76561198129538606,Recommended,473690,34633169,Posted: 31 August,all,Ďilr@bᴀ<3✿,good musicgreat pve pvpnice combo<3
76561198121804039,Recommended,473690,34620391,Posted: 30 August,all,Gideon,"Im really enjoying the game, and Im really looking forward to what's in store.The game play is great. It's not focus on timing or frame data(Thank God) like alot fighting game are now and in the past have. its mostly focus on reaction and nowing your moveset. Since there is so many moves in the game, your moveset is always changing so your always releaning a new combat string. In time you'll feel comfortable with what you have and later tweaking it again. Its easy to get stuck in meditation just figuring out what you can come up with.The world is unique. That solid colors on the terrain and buildings is a bit calming. But don't get to calm, you could be taking it slow then all of sudden get hit in the back of the head by a random npc. The Npc's are very aggresive and all of them have a bone to pick with you for some reason. If anything just prepared to get ganged up on alot.Multiplayer reminds me alot like dark souls(lol random youtube joke) with less ghoust and actual people running around. Since you can't talk to anyone you're kinda just doing your own thing until you see someone getting gangked up on by a bunch of aggro npc's or you really need some some help yourself. There is a dueling mode where you can fight one with other players of your level which is fun. I have not done a alot 1v1s but from what I've played its solid and balanced. Healing is enabled, so chug the oran-....I mean heal if needed.All in all the game is soild I'll give it a 7. Theres a alot potiential here to grow to something bigger. If you like to fight, learn, always looking over your shoulder, admiring the scenary, FREAKING DRUNKEN MASTER STYLE!!!, and oh yeah FALCON PUUUUUNNNNCH! this game is for you. You got some thing here Sloclap I hope the best for you guys.My gripes are as follows-The world could be bit more open but just a smidge, I can see what they are going for here.-Lag(Nothing new to see here folks. Move along, move along)-Bugs(Im sure a little bug spray errr repatching will kill those in a jiff)-Feints should have been taught during the early game-The Ui could use some more work. Its doable but I think it could be pronouce.- Story is really short at the moment,-And lmao Friendly npc's are lifeless XD. I think the joke is ""Notice me Senpai"" or something like that."
,Recommended,473690,34620411,Posted: 30 August,all,dag,Very fun and unique game developed by a team who you can really tell cares to make the best PvP experience they possibly can. Looking forward to seeing how this game grows.
,Recommended,473690,34620068,Posted: 30 August,all,Vali,Drunk fighting af. 78 - metacritic
,Recommended,473690,34620084,Posted: 30 August,all,Bobyochen,"Great game, get this if you are a Dark Souls or fighting game fan."
,Recommended,473690,34619773,Posted: 30 August,all,ForgeMaster,"There are a lot of comparisons going on between Absolver and For Honor, but there is a major difference between the two games. Absolver is good."
,Recommended,473690,34618429,Posted: 30 August,all,Kaikalii,"Ignoring the understandable Day 1 server downtime and a couple very minor release bugs, this game is incredible.By far its strongest selling point, the thing that sets it apart from almost every other fighting game, is the combat deck system. Virtually every aspect of your fighting style, from moves to small combos to 12-move attack chains is fully customizable. This allows for an incredible number of fighting style combinations, and unlike other fighting games, you never know what an enemy has up their sleeve just by knowing their class.While the PvE is relatively short and not complicated, it serves as a great tutorial, and at times can actually be a bit challenging. However, where this game really shines is in PvP. When no two enemy players have the same moveset, it really makes every fight interesting, and with all the different mechanics like alternate attacks, dodges, parries, feints, etc., the combat is extremely in-depth and fun to play."
,Recommended,473690,34618472,Posted: 30 August,all,Scamper,"Solid satisfying fighting with creatively customizable movesets experienced in an ambient atmospheric world. What it does, it does well."
76561198105651495,Recommended,473690,34618504,Posted: 30 August,all,CaptainQuiche,Been having a ♥♥♥♥in blast playing this game. very satisfying combat. The drop in/out of areas type coop works superbly with this game. Plenty of server issues but all in all a fantastic game with much potential.
,Recommended,473690,34620512,Posted: 30 August,all,occullt,"From your first steps into Absolver's colorfully forlorn world, you'll be sent on a daunting task to rise above the mindless husks of people that were just like you to become a master of hand-to-hand combat called an Absolver.I'm no expert on fighting games and plenty of other reviews talk about the mechanics, so I'll describe to you some of the sights and sounds you'll be encountering as you make your way through the world, as well as a few other topics and criticisms that I feel are important to note.Absolver's overall gameplay experience is much like that of Dark Souls and similar games. You, a recruit of sorts called a Prospect, traverse a world made up of different key areas clawing your way through legions of those who have failed the test long, long before you. They remain in the proving grounds where madness and anger compel them to attack any fresh prospects on sight. The enemies themselves range from sad, pitiful drones which can be dispatched in seconds to seemingly innocuous ones who have the capability of dispatching *you* in seconds.The quiet, solemn atmosphere of Absolver lends itself well to the somewhat grim task at hand. Every broken staircase, tumbling structure, and overgrown path gives way to a subtle story of failure and lost hope for those who came before you. The NPC's you do come by who are there to guide you very much emphasize the ""not here to make friends"" attitude of the works through laconic dialogue.Overall, the gameworld is crafted in a pleasing way. I generally like more open areas, but this game won't be unfamiliar to those who have played the Dark Souls games.As far as concerns, I will say that some of the game's difficulty comes from throwing 4-5 enemies at you at once which ends up feeling a bit cheap and frustrating at times. It encourages frantic hack-and-slash button mashing over the intended fluid combat choreographs.Also there are no oceanic servers which, while not affecting myself, certainly has put quite a few people in a rough spot with the game. Our poor brothers and sisters down in Australia will have to wait for proper online support for a game that is supposed to encourage cooperative/PvP gameplay."
,Recommended,473690,34620729,Posted: 30 August,all,Foeshel,"Absolver is a very fun fighting game where you build your own fighter through a combat deck. The moves you collect from fighting others. You defend yourself from attacks and learn the moves while reacting or defending against them.The world is not huge but I don't see that as a negative and is reminiscent of Dark Souls 1 (where it loops in on it self) only less heavy on the gloomy aesthetics.I've experienced minor bugs, but for me nothing really game breaking for me only frustrating from time to time. I have a lot of fun so far collecting moves and tweaking my fighter. Best way I've seen some one explain the game is a fighting game like Street Fighter where you pick for example Ryu, only here you don't pick Ryu you make him yourself.See you on the battlefield prospects!"
76561198044135766,Recommended,473690,34622548,Posted: 30 August,all,InVasME,"I've thoroughly enjoyed the game so far, and I plan to continue playing this game for quite some time whether it be online or offline.  However, since release of the game, I've not been able to connect to Absolver's online servers and have been playing solely offline.  That being said, I've still have a great time with the games unique mechanics, wandering through the world and enjoying its unique art style, learning the ins and outs of the combat decks/styles currenlty in the game.If you're a fan of the dark souls franchise, or any other game that fits into that niche, then you will definitely love this game.  I agree with the game being sold for $29.99, as it is the solo/offline story mode doesn't appear to be very long.  However, the game was advertised as an online fighting martial arts pvp game, so once this company fixes their server issues, I'm sure the online PVP will make for an even greater experience.I've not experienced any of the ""blank screens"", crashes, or character lock-ups that others have mentioned either."
76561197970741883,Recommended,473690,34622578,Posted: 30 August,all,Phantom Spaceman!,"Absolutely beautiful but riddled with bugs.  The core game mechanics are solid, it is brutally difficult at times, and a ton of fun.  With a little love from the devs and more time to polish, and hopefully future content, this game could become The melee Dark Souls/Destiny style loot fest I've been craving.  The fights in this are extremely satisfying,"
76561197964717577,Recommended,473690,34622600,Posted: 30 August,all,Patriote,Do you like For Honor? yes?then play this instead!No?Well im sure you'll love this!
,Recommended,473690,34621787,Posted: 30 August,all,Stanels42,The toughest foe I fought was the map.
,Recommended,473690,34622661,Posted: 30 August,all,✪Polyphemus✪,If you Remember This Game...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgf56JqBdxcIt's a Lot like this but with a lot better customization. but you feel just as lost all the time...if you can just enjoy taking it a fight at a time it's a fun game but the actual map just sucks nuts.
76561198072349074,Recommended,473690,34622674,Posted: 30 August,all,Charm,The game itself is really good but try not to make it something that it isnt. if you enjoy skill based fighting games and 1v1 senarios then this is the game for you. The gameplay is fairly solid although the camera can get put into uncomfortable angles and the fights at the beginning can be extremely frustrating due to the game being presumably built for one versus one gameplay but then throwing 2 to 4 enemies at you at any given time. You just gotta power through the frustrating parts and enjoy the small moments you get with other players as well as the difficult victories.
,Recommended,473690,34621745,Posted: 30 August,all,Daspy,"First of all, this game is a fighting game, and a really good one. If you liked For Honor, but disliked the lack of balance and kind of bad campaign, this game is for you. The campaign is pretty decent, and the PvP is fenomenal."
,Recommended,473690,34620002,Posted: 30 August,all,phAint,"Been playing this game since it came out and have been looking forward to it since they announced it at E3. I have to say I am not disappointed. The PvP is rediculously enjoyable(although extremely hard to git gud). However I would not recommend this game to anyone who does not want to pvp. PvE is simply lacking at this point in time(The devs have stated that they will be adding both PvP and PvE content in the future).TLDR; If you like fighting games, this is a must buy!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34590334,Posted: 29 August,all,ZephyrStormProject,"PvE is OK, not anything more really. The game does duels really well, but just constantly throws 2+ weak targets at you, whilst having a fairly janky targeting system. If it gave me more 1 on 1 fights vs worthy targets, it'd be great.PvP duels are incredibly fun, and balanced too. It's a shame the game is plauged with lag and i cannot enjoy a fair match unless i invite a friend to duel. For some reason, when i invite a friend for duels, theres no lag. However in matchmade games, everything is teleporting and extremely laggy. Almost like the matchmaker doesn't even look at ping.Fix the lag, and i'll recommend it. Till then, i cannot recommend anyone buy a laggy PvP based game."
,Recommended,473690,34620101,Posted: 30 August,all,Cage,"Extremely fun in depth combat system. It takes a similar style to For Honor, and expands on it 10xYou get to create your own move sets and combos and string them together when attacking. Making everyone's fighting style different, and making you take a different approach in every fight.The game on the outside looks very simple, but it has a lot of depth and high skill ceiling.All the server issues that are being experienced will eventually be fixed. Not even triple A games have their servers working right at launch. Usually because the influx of players is more than they could anticipate for. The only reason that larger companies get it fixed quicker is becuase they have a lot more money and can buy and install more servers quickly. Where as smaller indie developers dont have that kind of pull with another company, or the cash to get it that easily.Give the devs time.All in all, good game"
76561197995171507,Recommended,473690,34620102,Posted: 30 August,all,IQARUS,"one of  the best fighting games I have played. very unique, very strong gameplay. Honestly i have no diea what the story is nor do I care."
,Recommended,473690,34619947,Posted: 30 August,all,MOR | The Magnus,Absolutely amazing game.Combat is A+ and it's extremely balanced.
76561197998015706,Recommended,473690,34613804,Posted: 30 August,all,Lykaelos,"This little gem is more than worth its asking price.If you have ever wanted to make your own combos in a fighting game, this one is for you! If you ever wanted to roam about in another game with a souls-like feel, this one is for you! If you ever wanted to viciously bash someone's head in while they wonder why their skill set isnt working(and yourself from time to time), this one is for you. If you ever wanted to ledge-kill people in a skill based game(much like For Honor's pitfalls), this one is for you!Order now to join many others screaming at their screens at the desync in 1v1s!"
76561198053795564,Recommended,473690,34641467,Posted: 31 August,all,Sevson,Worth the 30 by far.Team is working on updates and servers seem to currently be stable
,Recommended,473690,34641221,Posted: 31 August,all,Fat Tiger,"I don't frequently write reviews, but in this instance I feel like I need to give my opinion. To anyone looking at this game who is put off by the percentage of negative reviews I urge you read into this game. A vast amount of the negative reviews are basically ""hurr durr im self righteous and im offended the servers were flooded at release hurr durr dont buy"". I can't speak for everyone but so far im 100% bug free and have been playing online most of the time. Server improvements are coming and the gameplay is really good. The fighting is super deep but also incredibly easy to pick up being basically a two button system for attacks. The enviroments are super cool and really atmospheric, im positive I will get my 30$ worth from this title."
,Recommended,473690,34644366,Posted: 31 August,all,Diabetus,"Absolver is a great fighting game with a steep learning curve and a complex and deep fighting system.Do not listen to all of those negative reviews that say the game is just a spam-fest, they are bad and never took the time to actually learn the game."
76561198044009985,Recommended,473690,34645425,Posted: 31 August,all,mahe,"But really, i truly love this game. It's finally a Dark Souls game thats JUST hard enough but not too mean.Also, if you like Mad Max's fighting feeling and Sleeping Dog's fighting feeling, this is great for you."
76561197992802854,Recommended,473690,34645641,Posted: 31 August,all,Light,"Most down votes are due to launch-day server issues and region locks but other than that, ""Absolver"" is beautiful, challenging, and most of all furfilling. Harness your chi."
76561198029783992,Recommended,473690,34645377,Posted: 31 August,all,Vendrid,"This isn't a sprawling kung-fu mmo with gobs of pve content; it's a highly balanced, customizable PvP centric fighter with glorious art direction and a touch of dark souls in it's DNA. It's Brilliant and balanced, beautiful and serene. There's no chat box to muddy the atmosphere or enable toxicity which I absolutely adore. This game is intended to be pure as the martial arts it looks to emulate. The road ahead looks bright for this warndering warrior."
76561197979444377,Recommended,473690,34645390,Posted: 31 August,all,Baldero,"This is a blast.  Beautiful, slightly minimalist art.  Combat system is excellent.  Dodging an enemy's attack and unleashing a quick flurry of blows feels so satisfying.  I can't wait to unlock further fighting styles and tailor my own even more.I've thoroughly enjoyed the PVP matches and boss fights."
76561198040291000,Recommended,473690,34645085,Posted: 31 August,all,Christopher The Walken,"I'll keep it as short and sweet as possible, Absolver is a game in its own niche. The game although short has plenty to do after it is over and the devs are working on adding more and more content. to unlock alot of the stuff after you have your first playthrough you can also pvp in arenas which right now is only 1v1's but theres a brakcet in the game with locked ones which means there will be more eventually. The fighting is fluid and you develop your own style and eventually can master that style and choose to create a school in which other prospects can join and start using your style also. theres alot to this game but the only thing iv'e found so far that i'd persoanlly consider a con is the server issues and each region in the world is locked to only playing with that said region at the moment. But i believe in this studio and this game and i thouroughly enjoy it. If you like open world encounters with other players and npc's and titles like ""Street Fighter"" you will dig this. I hope this helps someone in theyre decisions and looking forward to how this game will go. =)"
,Recommended,473690,34644870,Posted: 31 August,all,Necroscourge,"You may reark that I have very little time in this, yet review it.The reason is that Absolver takes the ""Crackdown"" approach to game design. There are six or seven minibosses called ""The Marked"" and four or so major bossfights. Once you beat that, PvP must be done in order to unlock the advanced versions of the above bossfights. Thus Absolver is not so much a game you beat, but you master.The entire game revolves around a rather tight combat system involving developing your own personal fighting style out of the moves you both start with and eventually learn through blocking them frequently. There are four major branches of martial arts built around a general theme (Kohlt Method is a heavy boxer style, etc). While defeating the bosses unlocks new abilities and weaponry, all of your fighting knowledge is going to be coming from well... fighting.This means that while a player can use co-op to quickly beat the story in about four hours and thus become Absolvers (Worth it, the armored cloak they give you is top-tier) the real point of the game is to actually focu on learning the fighting styles through close observation of how your enemy reacts. Because Dodging and Blocking are the primary way to both avoid getting killed and learn new abilities; you rarly forget that blocking exists. Even if you do forget, you will notice the learning shards appear and go ""That's right, I can learn stuff by blocking!""Usually, fighting games suffer from a boring grind of beating typical opponents. While you can identify the broad style of an enemy by how they move and attack, you don't have a way of knowing what they actually know how to do until they actually do it. Even fighting rank and file goons can be a blast! Fighting particularly tough players is damned excited, because you start getting into a trance of blocking, weaving, and counterattacking. I have never played a fighting game where I really feel like I am out-martial-arting somebody.Lastly: The map design is whimsically terrible. It's way too easy to get lost, run on redundant pathes, or find dead ends. Plus it's way too easy to fall off ledges. 80% of my deaths are because I fell off a ledge due to either kicking or being kicked. I found myself having to guess and just keep running around until I finally found out where bosses were hidden.So yeah: If you are expecting a deep RPG with 50+ hours of deep hardcore story mode this is not your game. If you like the idea of living in Kung-Fu world, then this IS the game for you. As yeah, that's what everybody does all freaking day. They meditate, train, and beat the ever loving crap out of eachother.Thus I dub thee ""CrackSouls: The Fightening!"""
,Recommended,473690,34644009,Posted: 31 August,all,Shred,This game is what For Honor should have been
,Recommended,473690,34641090,Posted: 31 August,all,Little Mac,"The servers need some work, but that game is so fun to learn. Except the few server problem, i didn't encounter any issues. Easier with a controller. Hopefully they do dlc with more pve, the pve battles were a lot of fun."
76561198078553428,Recommended,473690,34644197,Posted: 31 August,all,Chuck,"1. This game is not For Honor. My experiance with the community through duels and general exploring have been very positive, and each class is extremely balanced and fair. If you are having a hard time against a real world player, you need to slow down and think about the counter because there is one for everything.2. This game is not Dark Souls, but in some ways it is similar with the totems standing in as bonfires, enemies respawing after dying or using a totem, and the lack of map. This doesn't mean Dark Souls players will come in and play Absolver like any other From Software game, the mechanics and playstyles used are very different and in my opinion more satisfying to master.3. This game is $30, yes it has a few problems with lag and rubberbanding but this isn't a triple A title, its a baby that is slowly growing and evolving into a wonderful community that will be remembered for the game that took the For Honor community with its fair balancing and its constant free updates and patches that will add more content.I highly recommend this game, but be warned it can and will be frustrating at times from being ganged up to the camera sometimes being a village idiot. But be like a Prospect and learn to improve yourself and your playstyle to overcome any challenge."
,Recommended,473690,34613969,Posted: 30 August,all,Boosted Player,Have been able to consistantly connect to the serversThe game has motion blur bundled into a post processing setting requiring a config file edit to remove.A frame rate lock of 63 is enabled and must also be disabled with a config file edit.
76561198059146454,Recommended,473690,34643116,Posted: 31 August,all,BattlePants,I like it
76561198211429304,Recommended,473690,34642983,Posted: 31 August,all,ANUBIS,I played the game for 8hrs and finished the story. i hope they fix the server cuz i wanna enjoy more PVP// server lag hope they put a server for asia/SEA
,Recommended,473690,34640102,Posted: 31 August,all,Photochemist,"The game itself is fun, fighting feels good and the customization is awesome. The only problem I have with the game is that it constantly throws you into 3v1 fights with characters that are much stronger than you are right off the bat. Playing solo is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes because of this.Edit - Also the lag is unbearable sometimes. I really like the game so I hope that gets improved. I've been in 1v1 matchmaking and had an invisible person kill me and then lag out, and I've had people just freeze mid fight then lag out and it gives me the win, and I have lagged out myself and had the game crash multiple times."
,Recommended,473690,34641661,Posted: 31 August,all,Spainops,"This game is straight up amazing, but the servers are about as useful as a Condoms for Nuns non-profit organization."
,Recommended,473690,34741802,Posted: 4 September,all,blkfish92,"The bees knees, now we wait to see if the devs support the game."
76561198109055320,Recommended,473690,34744313,Posted: 4 September,all,superoli2002,"Pros:The game has a fun and unique combat systemThe game is beautiful afNPCs have decent A.IThe animations are fabThe armor and loot looks very goodAwesome community and devsfun on your own and with friendsCons:High system requirmentsCan be very infuriatingNot much actual new playable contentafter about 5 - 20 hours, you will finish the main pve, then you just keep playing unranked pvp and or learn moves.note: I have had no network issues"
76561198091339506,Recommended,473690,34744318,Posted: 4 September,all,Bane,"A very versatile, new and fun game.The combat deck is the key of the game, because the story... nah just a proceeding tutorial.Definitely would recommend you to buy it if you are interested in creating your own fighting style and prove worthy against others"
,Not Recommended,473690,34644456,Posted: 31 August,all,CRIMSON,its fun until they shut off the servers at 6pm everyday  sometimes its off for multiple days witch you need ot finish the game  the story was super half♥♥♥♥♥   if thats what oyu call a story or tutorial   all ive seen was 1 school so far at level 30Negativing this game because their child developers have to turn off their deticated pcs at night and ♥♥♥♥ everyone who onws the game
76561198047869011,Recommended,473690,34684061,Posted: 2 September,all,L96 DarkyDiePie,"i love this game but sadly the only redemable thing is singleplayer, a game which focuses mainly on the multiplayer which is seriously unbalanced, broken and above all has some serious connection issues, which let me tell you is the worst aspect of the game, this game either needs more singleplayer stuff or multiplayer fixes to be even better but for now if you wish to play it i would recommend playing it for the singleplayer, fun story, amazing art design and visuals, fluent and diffrent combat style (albeit with weird button mapping), and if you want to give the multiplayer a shot it can be really fun if the lag doesnt screw you over like most of the times. The development team was fairly small so the first week or two are expected to be a little clunky but i am getting my hopes up and i believe they will fix all the issues and add alot more to the game, patience is the key."
76561198091116542,Recommended,473690,34741698,Posted: 4 September,all,Ronin,"I'm writing a review so I can tilt the tide towards positive reviews a little...I was very much on the fence about this game at first, but i've played close to 20 hours already in the past 3 days and it has been an amazing fighting game. One aspect that I really enjoy is how much customization there is to do with your character. You can change yourr style of fighting, create move sets and combos, and there's been quite a bit of gear to change stats and looks. Plus, they have the drunken fist style and it's hilariously awesome!Pros:- Excellent Fighter Style Game- Fair amount of gear (Hopefully much more on the way)- Deep customization- CoopCons:- Story is brief (It's basically Chapter 1 and ended leaving me with the feeling that they may add much much more)- Server issues (Unable to connect, disconnection issues, and sometimes lag)*They're working on the issues with is the online servers, it hasn't been a deal breaker at all. Just a little annoying.I do have one major complaint though. I fought someone in pvp and after our match they quit. Totally cool. Then I went into another match and guess who it was? Same guy. Once again I start beating him and I'm a couple of hits away from winning and he rage quit. His character just sat there and couldn't be touched, and eventually the game just took me back to the PVE world. My issue is that we should get our points when people rage quit like that. If people wanna to be poor sports and rage quit, fine, but give the other player their combat trial points that they're grinding for."
76561198017913537,Recommended,473690,34741896,Posted: 4 September,all,The Grande' Poobaa,"I honestly think it's a great game, developers just need to add more features and actively work on it."
,Recommended,473690,34741078,Posted: 4 September,all,Suppie,"5 short CONS and PROS of this game:CONS:- Short company.- Servers are not stable.- Progress requires a lot of PvP, which depends on the item above.- No ability to customize all keymappings (such as Parry, etc.).- Cheaters confirmed (at the current moment).PROS:- Incredible depth of gameplay in the sense of creating your own combat decks.- Very strategic and interesting combat, which requires you to not mash buttons and remember about your stances.- Good character customization ability.- Satisfying game picture with soft colors.- Good core mechanics.Decide for yourself."
76561198255189233,Recommended,473690,34741089,Posted: 4 September,all,Grimmington,"peaceful yet intense with every battle. A beautiful and zen like world, the combat system is great making me feel in control of every move. Highly recommended"
,Not Recommended,473690,34741167,Posted: 4 September,all,High IQ Player (167),"It has a very particular and well executed art style, which I super enjoy. The fighting system is fun. The AI is difficult, this game doesn't hold your hand. PvE is challenging, it's actually a good game in that regard. Yes you will have some fun with this game if you buy it. Still I can not recommend it for full price, wait until 50% off or some massive rebalancing. This game pretends to be a progression based rpg, while it's actually a simple fighting game.It takes a massive grind to unlock moves. You're being forced to farm moves, which is very, very annoying. Even after playing through all the PvE content you haven't unlocked any significant amount of fighting moves. This forces you to play extremely dumb and stupid in npc fights, or getting slapped in the face a million times by a person. It honestly is no fun. Don't think that you'll be able to build your own fighter on your own, it's practically impossible. You'll find yourself grinding just because you bought the game... not because it's that special or so amazing that it'll take over the e-sport world.PvP is massively unbalanced and super random (After all, nobody has the moves they want), so there it's a grind as well. And when you think, ""hey that guy had a nice string of moves, I want that"" ... you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck. Good luck finding the npc that has the move and then evade and block until you get the move, which takes a couple of fights, because you also need to win. Rinse repeat for every single move in the game, which are more then a 100, and soon you'll find out that that's about the time it takes to grind.Then you go and check out the 'school sytem', which is a 'social' thing, that allows people to make a deck of moves for others to use. Which sounds great in theory, but in practice you aren't actually getting the moves. You still need to unlock them, you're just able to play with them somehow. So if you want to change something... you can't. You are simply forced to use something you kinda have to, because there is no way to win otherwise; but also it isn't very satsfying because you can't adapt or change to the meta... so you're eternally stuck in that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, until you eventually, you'll never guess this... grind to unlock all the moves yourself anyway.There is no fast travel and the PvE world is 'open' for no reason other than to have you aimlessly run around. If you're♥♥♥♥♥♥with maps or directions, this game will frustrate you to no end. There are only a very few routes, so taking the wrong one is extremely time consuming. There is no minimap, the only map there is is extremely abstract and not actually very usable. The game uses instances and scales the number of enemies to however many people there are in the instance. This makes PvE unpredictable and running solo into 3 NPC's is not something you survive easily. Oh, but you can just run past everything, so actually who cares. There are only a few specific enemies you need to beat, in total there are like 10 PvE fights you need to actually win.Tl;dr Do not buy if you enjoy character building, or actual fighting games, the grind to get moves is terrible and honestly not worth it. The PvE content is enjoyable, some fun can be had. Buy on a discount."
,Recommended,473690,34741250,Posted: 4 September,all,Jimothy,"This game plays very nicely and is just overall really fun. The major flaw it suffers from is that the servers are just absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ They go down completely very regularly. Fortunately, you can still play the game without internet access."
,Recommended,473690,34623098,Posted: 30 August,all,Kuahana,"Very fun! In depth combat and intense reactive gameplay.Fix the servers please!EDIT: 9/4/17Game is kind of short, but hints at upcoming story. Possibility of more story content soon?This is a PVP game. It says it under the title."
76561198086223188,Recommended,473690,34702832,Posted: 2 September,all,apbrox123,Connection is terrible in Australia. I'm constantly lagging as im put into asian serversSometimes the connection is fine as i join a US server or one with good ping. it used to be fine but now it's 600+ ping by the looks of the lag im getting.6/10 at the moment with this connection problem9/10 if connection is fixed11/10 if new content is added regularly like items with rarities that have special qualities. (a mask that has a drop rate of 1 in 1000 that gives the player a special ability and has a special effect coming off it)
,Recommended,473690,34751211,Posted: 5 September,all,Slevin,"This is a review of a fighting game from someone who has never enjoyed fighting games.This game is fun. Like, I really enjoy playing it. This game is also HARD. If you come in to this expecting to button mash and iframe your way to victory you're going to have a bad time.This is the most technicle fighter that I have ever played. It requires alot of trial and error with decks, pacing, and the different fighitng styles to find one that works for you. I feel like most of these negative reviews are from people who came from Dark Souls, or Street Fighter-esce games and thought those skills would carry over. This game makes you think about how you fight and how your opponent fights. Its really like a game of fighting chess. If you dont have the patience to analyse your opponents moves and patterns then you will not be successful. The game takes patience, but is super rewarding when you shut someone down because you figured them out.This is a PvP game at its core. The PvE content/campaign is really just a tutorial for the PvP. I dont know why a lot of people seemed to think this was going to have endless PvE content, because it was never advertised that way. The PvP in this game is very rewarding, but takes time to excell at. There are also more PvP modes and a competitive ranking system coming soon after release. If you're competitive then this game is for you!I have enjoyed every hour of this game I've played so far, and will be playing many more."
76561198296757580,Recommended,473690,34745959,Posted: 4 September,all,Agent Smith,"Dark Souls-y. Rage enducing. Crazy difficult. Complicated as anything. Annoying. Almost made me break my controller about 8 times.I love it to bits.Don't let the negative reviews put you off, because it is quite a niche game. If you don't fall into the kind of audience that this game aims for, you probably won't enjoy it as much."
,Recommended,473690,34746533,Posted: 4 September,all,Shades,"This game is great, but if you want to get the full enjoyment from this game; wait on it.You get to mix and match combos with a fighting deck you can customize, which makes PvE greatas you can learn new moves from fighting the enemy fighters in the game. 'Prospects'Problem is, is once you've seen it all, you've seen it all. You can keep grinding for more moves,but it comes off as tedious unless you're really enthusiastic about intricately piecing togetheryour combos.That's where PvP comes in. PvP adds a spice to it where you can test your combos on other players,so it adds a great competitive element to the game where you can't expect what's to come.(It's great with friends)Unfortunately, this is a small team, and the servers haven't been working since the game came out.Either you're in, (where you can still get kicked out), or you're in the queue with no chance of getting in,and since the price of this game warrants having that PvP added in, it's best to wait on this game.You'll be glad you did."
76561198059939613,Not Recommended,473690,34746491,Posted: 4 September,all,natertater377,"This game is amazing. But the servers are straight sh*t. I've been lucky enough to connect a few times and when I do it's great. The main ""story"" is extremely short. The second time around it took me about 3 hours to beat all of the bosses so there's not much to do left offline mode than to grind. It lets you fight bosses again once you reach a certain combat level gained through PvP, but when you can't connect to the server you can't do that. Plus I think fast travel between altars would be nice as it's just a chore to go anywhere once all the bosses are beaten. If the issues with the servers is fixed I'll change this to a positive review because this really is a great game."
76561197965918717,Recommended,473690,34787392,Posted: 6 September,all,DanOPC,"This game is phenomenal. Hands down.It has a lot of work to be done, glitches are everywhere, some technical difficulties here and there, but man... I love it!Worth the money, EASILY.Looking forward to a voice platform of somekind... in the meantime, just hoping people on Discord will come around to it.If you like fighting games, and especially if you like martial arts, I highly recommend giving Absolver a shot!Take the faults with a grain of salt, knowing that its a brand new game and devs will fix them, and ENJOY!"
76561198023765843,Not Recommended,473690,34785702,Posted: 6 September,all,OG-Tortoise,"Sigh...okay.  Single player isn't there but I understand it's a PVP game.  I'm fine with that and have no issues with that.  The game is fun.  HOWEVER, you can't have fun with connection issues.  I've spawned on half loaded maps twice, an enemy has vanished into a wall, on two occasions enemies have teleported across rooms, I have somehow died with a full bar of health when fighting someone (yea....wtf), and it can be really laggy at times.  At the moment I can't even connect to the damn game.All that being said, the server issues just destroy the fun factor in this game.  I can't play in a single session without some sort of connection issue.  If they fix that I can recommend it, but at the moment I can't recommend someone spending their money on this game.  If they fix it, I will give this a thumbs up.  For now, thumbs down.  Wait until they fix the damn game."
,Recommended,473690,34787633,Posted: 6 September,all,Stephen Paddock,h
76561198169087046,Not Recommended,473690,34729738,Posted: 4 September,all,The Goat,GOOD REVIEW if your expierences lag make sure your timezone on your windows clock is set to the correct country/ origin and ur steam download region is where you are asweledit - pvp fine before reaching absolver reached absolver laggy and ♥♥♥♥ fix ur♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,473690,34720062,Posted: 3 September,all,Langleick,"Stupid ♥♥♥♥ing mechanic, when fighting two people you have to damage one of them in order to get the other one to attack you. Really stupid. Great combat system ruined by horrible multiple peopel fights.EDITAfter getting better I realize I was being a ♥♥♥♥♥. The game has good features but seems lacking. The PVP could use more range (2v2 and 3v3). Overall I have enjoyed it though."
76561198144113295,Recommended,473690,34786449,Posted: 6 September,all,Schuyler,"game is great. taking aspects from ""For Honor"" like horrific lag servers. Not so great."
,Recommended,473690,34744343,Posted: 4 September,all,Bowl,"Love the fluid and customizable combat system and it will be a great gameBUT... they need to fix their servers! You will spend time sitting in the lobby waiting to connect. Its ridiculous how long its taken them to fix these server issues. I beat all the bosses on a new character in under an hour just because I couldn't connect to the multiplayer servers. Still unable to connect.Would recommend but the whole point of this game is multiplayer combat. Unplayable until they fix a simple server issue. Appears they spent all of their cash on the system and art, and none on the servers that make the game function.EDIT:The server issue seems to have been fixed for the most part. Still random dcs at times but for the most part it's playable. Its still 1v1 only but they said they will be releasing the 2v2 and 3v3 in the coming weeks. I recommend you get this game."
76561198020735424,Recommended,473690,34665764,Posted: 1 September,all,Feral Man,"Found the problem, i give the game 7 out 10. Combat is fast, pve is fun but short lived, and grinding for gear in the game is boring as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,473690,34786107,Posted: 6 September,all,TheWackyWombat,"Absolver is an enjoyable game, but feels uneven. You learn moves by blocking or countering enemies when they use them, but there seems to be a problem with NPCs spawning in larger mobs then intended, leading to 1 on 6 matchups that leave you perma stunned, or even facing multiple copies of a boss at one time.The system is fluid, but the mechanics aren't well explained in some parts. I didn't understand the bonus for my school without looking it up in the discussions, and these special moves feel way to easy to use; turning fights from something that requires planning and skill into somethign you can abuse.It's worth the money for a couple hours, but the final area just didn't feel like it was worth exploring... with multiple enemies with high skill attacking you at once, and after completing the game all PvP matches seemed to put me against much higher level players with no equalization. Might be worth returning to later, but easy to put down for now."
76561197973631157,Recommended,473690,34786119,Posted: 6 September,all,Coltaine,Really solid fighting game.  Mostly balanced.  Servers are crap though.
,Recommended,473690,34758688,Posted: 5 September,all,Perihelion,"Great PVP game, PVE is a little lacking. I absolutely reccomend for anyone who enjoys learning, fighting, competitive play, and focusing on bettering your skills. The combat feels fantastic and due to the nature of the tools the players get, the balance is quite good. For the price it is a little lacking on overall content, however, PVP itself is entirely the reason why I bought it, although I did enjoy parts of the story.Overall, buy it for the PVP. PVE content is in the works."
,Not Recommended,473690,34695852,Posted: 2 September,all,The fuck no one gives [Epic],"Don't throw your money, this game is a multyplayer based game, ""souls like""(nope and i'll explain you why) with really bad multyplayer component, it's a ""i tried but i could not"" game. Skill won't win over ""spamming buttons as hell without any plan"". You can dodge hits, game will give you points for the dodge, but your opponent will hit you as you haven't, you gain point only by winning, so what? where's the skill needed in this? spamming random x and a (playing with steam controller, i suppose it will be x and square in ps4) is skill? nope, i tried to build my own deck, but only more stamina wins, no need strenght or dextery, just full your stamina and start spamming random buttons. It was really good until i approached to online mode. Anyway IA sometimes is too op that will kill you 9 times without you can do anything. Good bie absolver, you were good until multyplayer"
,Not Recommended,473690,34762950,Posted: 5 September,all,Enilias,"The gameplay itself is a lot of fun, and while extremely short, the story mode is fun as well. Story mode is only 2 to 3 hours though.PVP is a lot of fun, if and only if you get a good connection. Which is exacty why I can not recommend this game, despite it being a lot of fun. Usually you end up with very bad lag lag, which is simply game breaking for a game like this."
76561198111396337,Recommended,473690,34627957,Posted: 31 August,all,AWD:Fermox,"Great game, combat like no other i really would like to thumbs up this game but right now its lag is causing the game to be unplayableEdit:Servers fixed"
,Recommended,473690,34774167,Posted: 6 September,all,FirstUnclearColdKick,"Absolver in my opinion is a great game with let's say unigue art style but most importantly a deep fighting system with some rpg elements.A lot reviewers say that the game has technical issues and i can't denied that but i hadn't many connectivity issues in my playthrough of the game.As pve goes,there are a lot npc scatter around the map for you to fight with the occasional boss fight that you have to find and defeat in order to continue on with the story and that's it with the promise of more content in the futere we can hope for more pve experiences.As far as story goes it is unclear and not that much which make the game feal a bit empty and i am personally disappointed with lack of world building because there was so much unused pontentional.For the world,i would say that is a place that you would want to look at occasionally to admire the art style of the game.Now for the pvp i have a lot mixed feallings,you see there is world pvp and 1v1 duels that happen in an arena,pvp in the open world is as it sounds,you meet with an another player and you fight but the issue is with 1v1 duels which feel a lot grindy since some game features are locked behind including some pve boss and it takes along time to get the requirments for you unlock them.As for the rpg elements go,there are levels up which then you take points to put in several stats in order to increase and then there is loot which gives you weight and armor that you use in order to customize your character.So the let's talk about how long it will take you to beat the game and it depends on the individuals because for some it might take between 3-5 hours if the know where to go but if you get lost it might as well take more than 10 hours(that's how long it took to me anyways).so now let's talk about the bread and butter of the game,the combat feels great and the way you learn new moves is innovating.Let's recap,the game is feels kinda empty and it's short on content right now with some connectivity issues but with a great art style,rpg elements and satifying combat.Would i recommend Absolver?Since i have a lot mixed fealings i can't really tell but i had a great time with what i got and with more coming i would say yes but if the issues aren't addressed in the futere i would say a bitter no for a game with a lot pontentional"
76561198080471322,Recommended,473690,34768294,Posted: 5 September,all,Asura Kishin,7/10 if you like pvp.
,Recommended,473690,34592727,Posted: 29 August,all,Je,"is meAbsolvertly a good game, a good fighting game without all the hadouken and stuff, very straight foward.i think if you love dark souls, you will love this game.if you are fast enough you can dodge all the attacks, and that is amazing !"
76561198022554720,Recommended,473690,34705366,Posted: 3 September,all,InVs,"I am currently recommending this game due to the fact that the developers really are devoted to the game. The developers are hard at work trying to fix the games issues while keeping in touch with their community and that is a + in my book. The fact that they take the time to address the problems in the game while listening to the community so that they can further develop the game it really makes it pleasant to watch as all of us know not every gaming company does that *AHEM*UBIS*AHEM*OFT*AHEM* so for that be patient the game will definitely become better, yes it had a rough start due to the game lacking OCE servers and the lag online however once this game is fixed you can bet your♥♥♥♥♥that the developers are gonna make this game last long and when that day comes this game will be a fresh revive to the fighting genre"
,Recommended,473690,34614865,Posted: 30 August,all,Cap'n Longbeard,-Get Stagger style-Now I'am the drunken master-Start 1v1-Attack enemy-He never hits me-He rage quits-10/10 Drunken master
,Recommended,473690,34775772,Posted: 6 September,all,GarrysGuy Pickel#Rick!!,"Absolver is a great fighting game with a solid combat system that can be very competetive. But I really think the campaing is not that great and it should be reworked, however the level desing is greatly complexed and the game looks great. There are a few bugs in the game, in the combat trials for example, and there are somtimes bad connection in the servers. But in the end of the day i think this game is solid."
,Recommended,473690,34625402,Posted: 30 August,all,m@z,"Really complex, fun, heavy, and satisfying melee combat which doesn't seem to get old.  Only two mild gripes about this game are the flaky servers, and the lack of any sort of tutorial for the game's more complex elements, such as combat decks, perfect attacks, etc.  Excluding than those two things, though, this game is an extremely fun experience, especially with friends.  In the end, I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys level design akin to the Dark Souls franchise and games with extremely deep combat systems."
76561197996220703,Not Recommended,473690,34683724,Posted: 2 September,all,Kixx,"30 hrs of gameplay and that's it!!!pvp it's quite impossible to play now (L..a..a.GG) and pve becomes boring pretty fast. Hope for more content in the future but at the moment the combat aspect it's the only reason i play this game. it's very well done. More storyline/pve, stable pvp, MORE MAP.edit: PVP it's just about SPAMMING ATTACK button. nothing more. DEV should fix this. Combats are completely broken by this.edit: cheaters are here. nearly everymatch. NO ANTI CHEAT. keep in mind this. combat still♥♥♥♥♥♥because of spammers. the only good things in this game are the fluid movement during ""combat"".this game has nothing to do with simulated combat.IT'S JUST HACK AND SLASH!!DON'T BUY IT NOW. WAIT FOR MORE STABLE CONTENT."
76561198021192043,Recommended,473690,34785681,Posted: 6 September,all,RipRiot,"Man, I'm torn at what this game should end up as. There are SO MANY negative aspects to it: crap loot, barely any gameplay or maps, VERY FEW AREAS... But in the end, the game comes down to the mechanics of the fighting, and primarily, that is a major plus!I have high hopes for the pvp parts of the game, where it can really shine, and would hope that they could address some of the lacluster parts (like good gear only dropping from pvp battles? or the same exact gear dropping over and over!)"
,Recommended,473690,34785619,Posted: 6 September,all,Zolbic ニガー,"I recommend this gameIts more about experience than it is spamming(Be wary of spammers tho)Its a game based off what you want to doThe attacks are what you want, your not stuck to some preset excpet for the beginner preset everyone starts with...But anywaysYou can play the game how you want too (Spammers, ledge pushers, etc)Play the game you want and as long as you enjoy it, its worth itBecause its you who is making everything."
,Recommended,473690,34785536,Posted: 6 September,all,Epicmonk117,"TL;DR: VERY solid core with fun Souls-Like combat and exploration, but lacking in content that the developers say they will add in for free at a later date.Absolver is another one of those ""Souls-Like"" games that keep cropping up every now and then on Steam, but I would say it's one of the better ripoffs... err... adaptations of the SoulsBorne formula.  In it, you play as a martial artist called a Prospect on a quest through a ruined kingdom to prove that you have what it takes to become an Absolver (which I believe is like a hybrid between a ninja and an Interpol officer).  The combat in this game is fluid, fun, and intense, and truly does make you feel like a bloody ninja as you punch, kick, chop, and elbow your opponents to death with perfectly timed combos that you can construct yourself (or find on the internet somewhere).My only issues with this game are the connection issues (which are partly to do with the placement of a whole lot of wood, walls, and other crap between my rig and my router) and the huge lack of content, especially in the end-game.  It has the same problem as Destiny, where it feels like I'm paying $30 for the tutorial.  However, Absolver seems to have learned from that little Bungie blunder and has decided to make most - if not all - future DLC free.  I actually have an idea for a set of potential content additions.  I call them ""Absolutions,"" and they're very similar to the strikes/raids from Destiny and World of Warcraft and the Chalice Dungeons from Bloodborne.  Basically, you (and for some, a number of friends or randoms) are called in by the guy who gives you the Absolver Cloak at the end, and you're tasked with completing a large mission.  This mission could have a premade map or a randomly generated one, but they will always involve exploration, puzzles, some dialog trees (maybe), and LOTS of combat, and would even have their own stories to flesh out the world of Absolver more."
76561198011486007,Recommended,473690,34785658,Posted: 6 September,all,killgazmotron,"Greatly enjoyed the combat system. There are some issues with players spamming specific moves, and there seams to be a bit of an imbalance between classes, khalts absorb ability is pretty much useless unless you are a computer,However overall, greatly enjoyed, and have put many hours in. Cant wait to see what they do to expand upon it."
,Recommended,473690,34785249,Posted: 6 September,all,AWhal3,"Alright this game is awesome if you have ever watched Sword Art Online its kind like that. They also plan to give the rest of the dlc that they make free if you buy the game i know $30 is steep investment for most people but its worth it with hours of game play and the ability to choose how play is great, this game is not repetitive for the most part every player i meet is nice and battling in this game is fun not to competitive but hard enough to be fun for sweaty players the game might be short but with more dlc and game fixes coming out i think you will find the game will be fun."
76561198032318158,Recommended,473690,34664291,Posted: 1 September,all,orange lad,"Alright, so lets start off with the good stuff+ Awesome and fluid combat (mostly)+ I like the bosses and the mechanic that you can fight them again with new unique dialogue and cool loot drops.+ Artstyle is fantastic+ Sometimes no lag at all in combatNow the bad stuff (quite a bit of stuff)-The connection is sometimes horrible wich leads to the other person lagging around, not getting hit by your attacks and dishing out sometimes undodgable attacks and damn teleportation.-Sometimes really buggy, i have seen flying enemy npcs, and multiple of the same npc spawning inside eachother.-Few bosses despite the bosses themselves being cool :(-The main game is kinda short, i got through it in about 3 hours-You can spam fast attacks making the other person defenceless because you can still dodge the attacks, but they are too fast and too many most of the time. Guard basically extends your already doomed life.Despite all the negative things, i do like the game most of the time, and when they fix the network stuff and add a way to more easily counter fast attack spamming. I like the 1v1 dueling system and the seamless open world multiplayer thing, and at the time of me playing, lot of people seem nice, and the price is ok for me, but many people probably feel cheated with the lack of main game content, although i feel the dueling and grinding for better loot will keep me occupied :)"
,Recommended,473690,34795622,Posted: 7 September,all,tjongerino csgoroll.com,many fun game i like
,Recommended,473690,34695627,Posted: 2 September,all,Blazer,"This is my first review on Steam so excuse any formatting mistakes or any lack of coherence, but I want to start by saying that this game is really worth it if you're a competitive spirit or a hoarder or maybe even both. Learning all of the moves, learning how to put them together to form an efficient deck and having the ultimate satisfation when using it properly together with your defensive tools to defeat someone is the most satisfying feeling that I've ever had in a competitive PVP game.If you are worried about the rumors you heard about that shabby servers, worry not, as the guys at SLOCLAP got it all under control almost as soon as the issues were pointed out by the community, unlike let's say For Honor where matchmaking and match stability is still a steaming pile of Bantha Fodder.The game follows the fighting game formula with all of its concepts including blocking, parrying, dodging, super armour, guardbreaks, high/medium/low attacks sweeps and more, but the fact that it's a third person fighting game adds the amazing 3d element to it where moves actually have dodge capabilities against other types of moves.If you're into Fashion Souls, you won't be dissapointed either because here you have Fabsolver, not only can you customize your moveset, you can also gather gear of different qualities that will alter the appearance of your character. Wanna go for the shaggy drunken master, go ahead. Maybe you want to look like a baddass Shaolin monk, you can do that as well.The PVE I gotta admit is really the weakest point of the game, BUT do not lose hope as the awesome developers at SLOCLAP have this in mind and are planning on a lot of free content that will improve on this aspect of the game.Overall I must say that I personally am addicted to this game and sincerely recommend it if you are into competitive games and I can say that it's a must have for fans of the fighting game genre."
76561198019639483,Recommended,473690,34699156,Posted: 2 September,all,Peaceley,10/10 combat and aesthetic
,Recommended,473690,34699032,Posted: 2 September,all,consley,"This game is incredible. Despite the server issues that the community has run into over the past few days since launch, the game itself is very challenging and rewarding- which is exactly what you want to look for in a fighting game. I don't have much to say that hasn't been said.The gameplay is stellar, and although the base concept of something like For Honor is there, the actual fighting is unlike anything I've ever seen.Despite being a game focused on PvP, there is a very surprising amount of things to do in the open world that can keep you wanting to explore it for hours on end. I know for me personally, there is no end in sight and I already have 30+ hours so far.Lastly, try not to compare this game to something released by a company like EA. A game having server problems on launch with thousands of employees is much different than a game having server problems on launch with about 20 people working 15+ hour days trying to fix as much as they can, while at the same time having the same amount of players as the company with thousands of employees, if you catch my drift.All in all, the PvE alone is probably worth the price tag, so I would say the whole thing alltogether is certainly worth 30 buckaroonies. Get the game."
76561198060201455,Recommended,473690,34696779,Posted: 2 September,all,Crome,"Not a traditional fighting game, but its really fun if you like the genre. Pretty steep learning curve though."
76561198272782846,Recommended,473690,34697142,Posted: 2 September,all,Mark Tini,"Lots of bugs, multiplayer isnt well refined and at time game can fell too hard and unbalanced. As well as this the game doesnt instruct the player on what too do. I would recomened getting this game later in production once they iron out the bugs and balance out the game play."
76561198001426004,Recommended,473690,34697150,Posted: 2 September,all,Digital Chocolate,"Highly recommend this game to any fans of the fighting genre. Yes, it still has a few technical issues, but the game has been out for less than a week, so I'm currently willing to overlook that. The concept is fresh, and if you begin to lose battles consistently, you have only yourself to blame. There are many ways to change your deck, so it's never stagnant."
76561198057087019,Recommended,473690,34696549,Posted: 2 September,all,Incursio,Anyone that buys this game stay out of my temple or else I'll take ya belt 10/10
76561198133159695,Not Recommended,473690,34697694,Posted: 2 September,all,absolver the cweepee stawker,"This game pulled a FULL no mans sky. what i mean by that is the game received insane praise and hype, Then embarrassed itself repeatedly by not having alot of essential things including but not limited to:no private servers story OR coop,unbalanced ""methods"",and for the love of god REGION LOCKING.lets head to the unbalanced methods first. This♥♥♥♥♥♥isnt even fair. The worst method is kahlt, alot of attacks BREAK the ability making kahlt literaly useless at times. and also kahlt is just.slow and all its starter attacks are predictable.forsaken is next being good at times but feint attacks make your ability a free hit for the enemys. not to mention the parry is the MOST DIFFICULT ABILITY TO LAND. giving you a window of like .05 seconds to work with. and guess what you get for landing it. a jab punch into a straight punch. woah. next is the broken windfaller because jesus christ im done with windfaller.with windfaller you need some skill and game sense but the reward is WAY too high. for avoiding 1 attack you can get up to SEVEN GUARANTEED HITS.the best part is, NONE OF THESE ATTACKS ARE MODERATELY WEAK. all of them hit like a truck and combo into each other. (ama saba im looking at you too). last part of my rant is the reason i refunded, the inability to make private servers.me and some friends bought this to play around mess with any bugs we found and just have a good time. we got ganked by 7 people with swords and left and rejoined. since there is region locking we got the same result. i rate 4/10 if they added private servers and balanced the methods i would rate ten but ill leave it at that"
,Recommended,473690,34695921,Posted: 2 September,all,Pepe Sylvia,"This game is pretty dope. Very satisfying combat and control, awesome customization, pretty balanced metagame so far. Online issues can be annoying at times, but the game is good enough to keep me going. Really looking forward to the future of this game, and I'd recommend it to anyone that likes fighting games.Overall I give it a 1/1 - yes play it"
76561198057621741,Recommended,473690,34697188,Posted: 2 September,all,Fuzzmasterxp,This game is definatly one one to watch! Its truely going for something unique and though there are still some areas to grow (much like anything that has never been tried before) it still has some solid ground to stand on.
76561198030830969,Recommended,473690,34697211,Posted: 2 September,all,Ryori Hito Imasen,"Simply put: The first game I've taken time off work to play in years.Starts out as a bit of fun until you realise just how in depth the fighting systems are. Then it just becomes addicting. The PvE is not the biggest or longest but it's all there to help teach the player how the fight system works and bring more understanding to the ingenious combat deck system. The combat deck basically means that unlike every traditional PVP fighting game, you create yourentirearsenal. You choose what techniques and moves to learn and implement, even what combos you turn them into. You are responible for everything your character is, how effective they are in combat and how they evolve, which makes the PvP much more engaging and, as previously mentioned.. Very addicting!It's not a big, flashy, AAA title with a budget straight from the Iron Bank but it's filled with clever touches and nods to the MA world which make it a lot more immersive than I expected, and it has to be said that it holds huge potential as a concept.12 out of 9 .. Will continue to pretend I'm a badass masked Ronin... Or something."
,Not Recommended,473690,34592162,Posted: 29 August,all,Sinaku,"Edit to my original review:I originally recommended this game, and truly do like this game. The big issue myself, and most other people, are having are that the servers are not able to hold as many people as there are trying to play. Due to this they will constantly be offline, or kick you offline from the server. This can happen in the middle of a fight, or a boss, or really at any time. I cannot progress in the main aspect of the game due to the server issues. Once that is fixed I will wholeheartedly recommend this again.Original Review:At times there is a bit of lag when fighting other players; however, Absolver is exactly what I wanted it to be. A fighting game where you have to adapt to other people's fighting technique. Also, it takes place in a setting very similar to a Dark Souls style game. While the world isn't necessarily ""open"" it is pathed in a way that feels nice. I also like the ability to queue to fight 1v1 instead of hoping I run into an opponent that is willing to fight.Fanastic game, and I think the only con would be the occasional lag. Definitely recommend picking this up!"
76561198011766226,Recommended,473690,34701083,Posted: 2 September,all,Paints,Fluid and intense combat polished by really solid controls gives you a nice very contained open game around hand to hand combat. Highly Reccomend.
,Recommended,473690,34705042,Posted: 3 September,all,mana,Gotta say this game is quite refreshing for a fps and rts gamer like me. However not my type. Will however recommend to fighting fans for its potential. 6/10
,Recommended,473690,34704622,Posted: 3 September,all,Natrim,"The.Best.Fighting.Ever.Anyway it's very nice fighting game. So buy.Its a bit hard in multiplayer as there may be too many enemies, so just have to get better or play offline."
,Recommended,473690,34704633,Posted: 3 September,all,_MGFM_,"Became an Absolver in 8 hours, have plenty more to learn. Is such a good combat system, wonderful aesthetic and light enough gameplay for pickup and play sessions."
,Recommended,473690,34704921,Posted: 3 September,all,VoidParticle,"Review of Game as of 9/3/2017Pros:*Amazing combat system*Learning every move and every style is possible on 1 character*WIth such combat depth you must master defense and offense through relfexes, knowledge, and ingame abilitiesCons:*Everything outside of combat and art style feels like an alpha early access game*Many aspects can be expanded upon and hopefully soon*Game barely holds your hand, very basic tutorial*Endgame is what game is mostly about but without more PVE content to do this endgame stuff in, seems dull.I would recommend this game to people who like Dark Souls for half the price but enjoy PVP more than PVE. Would HIGHLY recommend you watch all the steam page videos and some actual gameplay on youtube/twitch if you are interested."
,Recommended,473690,34704839,Posted: 3 September,all,Based Stick Man,"This recommendation comes with a bit of an... asterisk. i say that because even though im refunding it, it has nothing to do with the quality of the game. Its just not the type of game for me. The fighting mechanics are solid, punches have weight, and theres clearly quite the skill ceiling to reach. Ability to customize your own fighting style is creative and really good. Buy this if you are a fan of fighting games that rely on putting together combos and skill based gameplay."
76561198175112931,Not Recommended,473690,34704667,Posted: 3 September,all,NavLess,"This game takes too much button mashing for a casual gamer, and the singleplayer does not last long."
,Recommended,473690,34703259,Posted: 2 September,all,Huffman Dickings,"TLDR: for 30$ this game is a great value proposition for a fighting game. It has a tense, creative, cerebral combat system that's easy to understand but provides an amazing amout of variety and depth; with a healthy and progressively evolving metagame. Don't get it for the single player, this game revolves around matchmaking.THIS IS A FIGHTING GAME.I think that's important to say off the bat, cos the open world multi-user RPG aspect of it might give people the notion that there's really something to do here besides matchmaking, and that's not really the case. The open world is basically a training area, arcade/story, and challenge modes you'd find in other games rolled into one; where you can level, learn moves, and unlock items. There's barely a story, and after you beat 3 bosses over the course of around 5ish hours,  that's basically it. You can keep running around the world fighting NPCs - some of who scale to your character - and continue learning new moves by blocking/evading them.So again, the game lives and dies by it's PvP combat.... which is nothing short of amazing.I think it's under apreciated just how well this game redesigned classic 3d fighting game controls. What it really succeeds in is lowering the execution floor, since you don't get abstract button commands (no quarter, half, or full circles, shoryuken motions, none of that.)Instead the execution is centered around feints, stance dancing, a lot of which is already evolving a deeper meta (like step cancelling for instance.)Instead of having different characters to play with, you're given a decent range of armor and clothing to basically outfit yourself however you like with minimal penalty. But the main method of customization comes from the combat deck that you collect moves for by the aforementioned blocking/dodging attacks from other players/npcs.The variety of moves here is really HUGE, coming from a variety of striking arts such as kung fu, kenpo, muay thai, boxing, etc. You can basically be the kind of martial artist you want... it's fantastic. creating your own fighting style is heavily encouraged, and eventually you can even start your own school and teach your combat deck to other players.The bad?The game has a lot of visual glitches, and there are glaring lacks of polish around the game world. While I don't get a lot of lag where I'm at (midwest US), but when you do get lag it really becomes unplayable. Stable connection is a must here."
76561198121929211,Recommended,473690,34591486,Posted: 29 August,all,Striker,"A wonderful game experience, the visual are nice and arent complicated along with a amazing combat system too boot, along with World Exploring and bring over 180 moves from multiply fighting arts, whats there you cant love?Then again... I would feel more music would be a tad better along with more dialouge and fleshed out story, but I havent beaten the ""story"" yet so I will have to see.If I may have a request, which I doubt will happen, I would love if you had the choice to pick what the player size count is, either 3 players in one map or 6-8, but then again server issues might come into play, but hopefully every issue is dealt with so everyone can enjoy this amazing game"
,Recommended,473690,34591495,Posted: 29 August,all,PaulVIP,Amazing Game!
76561198024972980,Recommended,473690,34591785,Posted: 29 August,all,TealSpark,"Recently i've been looking to get a game like this, the limited health and such with the abilities to regain health with enough skill are something which has caught my eye on some other games. the dark souls games, as well as others with similar elements in them have all come under consideration.One of the most immediate things which caught my eye in absolver was the artstyle and characters with the masks. after reading further about it I decided to give it a go.What I found was a considerably deep combat system with, once i found my footing, an odd and incredibly satisfying movement and attack linking stance mechanic. the different movesets you can learn and the ways you can chain together attacks in combat amidst dodges and sidesteps looks like it could end up being my go to game for the coming weeks at least. perhaps longer.As I mentioned, the art style along with the world design seems to hit just the right spot between graphical fidelity and style which means this may age better than many other games out there (although time will be the true judge of this). The concepts surrounding the masks is, though unimportant to the gameplay, incredibly mystifying in one of those ways which make you wish there would be more information on the subject.The views and landscapes are something to behold with many mabt vistas being seen form atop cliffs and buildings alike.Overall Absolver seems like it will be engrossing to many who are looking for a game with a different twist on combat with many points of intrigue in the games world to help keep the imagination occupied as well."
,Recommended,473690,34591797,Posted: 29 August,all,Yeezus of Nazareth,is the good
76561198187135793,Recommended,473690,34591599,Posted: 29 August,all,carl wheezer,"people writing negative review = bad, git gud weaklings"
76561198195700371,Recommended,473690,34591607,Posted: 29 August,all,BagelBeater 21,Haven't had any issues so far besides one crash. Definitely for people who like martial arts focused gameplay. Feels nothing like For Honor (common comparison). Don't know what else to say. Gonna get back to playing it.
,Recommended,473690,34591625,Posted: 29 August,all,hagridsbeard,"The skill-based melee combat makes this game extremely challenging and extremely rewarding. I only have about 4.5 hours on the game currently, but so far everything has been very well done (with the exception of the day 1 server issues that we've all come to expect).I bought Absolver with the knowledge that i could return it if I didn't enjoy it, but I blew right by the 2 hour refund cutoff, and haven't looked back"
76561198271153088,Recommended,473690,34591644,Posted: 29 August,all,Snufulufugus,This is at least more fun then For Honor.
76561198008789808,Recommended,473690,34591347,Posted: 29 August,all,PeppyRogue,"So far, my time in this game has been spectacular. the atmosphere is stunning, the combat is simple yet complex, and aside from the usual opening day problems all games encounter like glitches and server crashes, its core features are effective. Definitely worth the 30 dollars!"
,Recommended,473690,34591371,Posted: 29 August,all,Skoowy,"PVE is a fun little aspect of this game, though it really shines in the PVP.Combat is deep, and making decks really enhances the experience.See a player or NPC with a move you like? Then block it/counter it to learn it. Very fun game, and I hope to sink a ton of hours into it"
76561198138904624,Recommended,473690,34591906,Posted: 29 August,all,SectorXIII,"Love it. My only annoyance with the game so far is the multiple ""X amount of enemy"" Vs You fights, can be frustrating at first, but once you get the hang of it you will be smacking fools all over the place  like Ip Man."
,Recommended,473690,34664581,Posted: 1 September,all,Jukeisha,"I bought this game 24 hours ago, I have 22 hours on record at time of writing.I LOVE THIS GAME. This is exactly what For Honor should have been. The combat is fast and fun, while the RPG elements are facinating. I have beaten people 30 levels higher than me in pvp and have been beaten by people 30 levels lower, so much comes down to how you build your deck and why.I'm not going to do a whole long thing (dear christ i need sleep). However I will say this,TO THE PEOPLE ♥♥♥♥♥ING ABOUT SERVER BUGS AND GLITCHS!!!!!!!!I ♥♥♥♥ing know right some of these bugs are crazy, I've been killed by invisible people like 100 times now, I do feel like some of these bugs and the server issues should have been resolved in beta, but it's not a game breaker for me, I just laugh and try over as death has little penatly. Tell you what is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ though, twitchy forsaken players that can parry stagger stance like it's nothing..... you people aren't human.great game, night night(x.-)"
76561198288520573,Recommended,473690,34664355,Posted: 1 September,all,Geboyzs,"good game but unstable connection, bad connection, please update region"
,Recommended,473690,34664218,Posted: 1 September,all,Bonedog,"First of all i want to say that this game features a very very good Fighting System, but the way they execute this in the Leveling experience is not enjoyable in my Opinion.So, Absolver is an Open World For Honor/Dark Souls mix. You are a Prospect trying to beat a few Bosses to become an Absolver. Pretty simple huh? So the fighting system is a bit like For Honor, but instead of chosing a character you chose one of 3 styles, and then you start out with your standart move deck. While playing you can learn more moves by fighting against people or by joining a school. When you learn a move you can put them anywhere on your movedeck, creating awesome combos, or even chain attacks e.t.c. Its really incredible and i love this aspect of the game. Another pro is the fighting in 1o1 scenarios. These battles feel really good and i had an awesome time doing so, i can even imagine that the 1o1 arena is good too.However, the bad part. While proceeding through the world you will encounter numerous enemies in this semi-multiplayer game.(You can chose to stay offline the whole time too). The sad part here is that these are not mostly 1o1s, but rather 1v2-1v5 fights, and thats where absolver loses its charm. These fights often look messy, it plays messy and i didnt really enjoy any of them. Plus i have chosen the style where i mostly dodge attacks and reengage with good counter attacks, but once ive dodged a view times ive kind of left the ""zone"" of the npcs leading to their resetting and running back to their idle position, this was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ I found myself fighting a semi-boss around 4 times due to these resets, i didnt really get it. Maybe the game has to be like that to feel like dark souls, and maybe im just a noob, but that really turned me down on absolver.TL;DR If you like For Honor, want to make your own move-deck and dont care about messy fighting against npcs buy it."
,Recommended,473690,34619355,Posted: 30 August,all,PerplePapaya,Fun Game With Great Combat Good Job Sloclap
76561198100629580,Recommended,473690,34667093,Posted: 1 September,all,🐾☭STITCHES_THE_FURRY_WOLF,like as long as dishonord 1 fun like rly fun u know what just ♥♥♥♥ing get it
,Recommended,473690,34666768,Posted: 1 September,all,Dr.ProfessorSir,"I can't recommend this game enough! It's been a pleasure watching this game develop from its early stages to what it is now. Though there are server issues and bug aplenty, they somehow don't take away from the overall experience. The learning curve for combat is steep and although the game could be described as dark-souls-like, I have not died once and felt cheated. Online battles, while still in their infancy, are exhilarating and fun. The promise of future updates and features including 3 vs. 3 battles are sure to bring me back for more far past the end of the main campaign!"
76561198052347191,Not Recommended,473690,34612512,Posted: 30 August,all,AuronBlake,It's full of bugs and it's unplayable at it's current state (also hackers everywhere)
,Recommended,473690,34692344,Posted: 2 September,all,Agreald,>Pros>Great combat.>Lot's of cosmetic>Fun PVP>Fun to customise your fighting decks.> Cons>Could do with more game modes then 1v1>Would like dungeon raids.
76561198103994738,Recommended,473690,34692347,Posted: 2 September,all,Yingir,"A more than satisfactory fighter game where the PvE content is essentially a journey of learning new combos. The real deal is the PvP, one or two of the maps are kinda of rubbish as it just turns into a match of who can kick the other off the ledge, but the combo building without having to press the right buttons and some nice gear you can get for your character makes this a real gem.I would rate this a 7/10. The only thing that may raise it is more stable servers, quicker unlock of gear and perhaps some new fighting styles or moves."
,Recommended,473690,34692362,Posted: 2 September,all,Mista Geenie,"The game is too damn fun to put down. So many potential combos you can throw together. The game rewards you for taking the time to learn the mechanics and everything feels so smooth. The multiplayer is seemless and is a true highlight of the gameplay because playing solo you can't learn new techs or moves as easily without grinding hard. My only complaint is the content, as of now i beat the game after 15 hours at level 47 but i hear people beat it at a lower level of around 26, there are 1v1s you can do and they're adding 2v2's and 3v3's from my knowledge, but im looking forward to more story related aspects because the journey and learning the mechanics is my favorite part of this game and i would really like to see more of it. This game is worth $30 and im excited to see what the Absolver team will do in the future."
,Not Recommended,473690,34695526,Posted: 2 September,all,Sploke,I like the concept of the game a lot but the servers are so bad online play is pretty much not there. There is not much to do in the game and you cant progress to higher level bosses without beating people in the multiplayer.
76561198005841608,Recommended,473690,34695607,Posted: 2 September,all,little sensei,buggy game but 10/10 combat and animations
,Recommended,473690,34695608,Posted: 2 September,all,Marsh,"Pretty neato. Game world is small, and RPG mechanics are slim. But if you have any interest in the fighting mechanics, they are 10/10. The term gets thrown around a lot, but 'Easy to learn, hard to master' is actually fitting.Occassional network issues, and minor bugs. Likely will be patched out in no time."
76561198088711509,Recommended,473690,34695701,Posted: 2 September,all,jjkaler,"Fans of the souls series will love this game, pvp is great and there is a great mini boss system. The game has a few bugs, but none of them are game breaking and im confident they will be patched soon."
,Recommended,473690,34695705,Posted: 2 September,all,DatTrashPanda,This game makes Dark Souls look casual.
,Recommended,473690,34694999,Posted: 2 September,all,f a i t h //,why the ♥♥♥♥ are the reviews mixed
,Recommended,473690,34695472,Posted: 2 September,all,Adderall Jesus,"This game starts out like a simple fihter but quickly unravels into something more fantastic and advanced than you would ever believe. This game has little to no story but that's not what you come back for. You come back for the drive to understand and master the very deep and intricate fighting techniques and strategies and the hunger to defeat every person in 1v1s in the Combat Trials ladder. The more you play this game, the deeper it gets for you and I'm sure it will keep you coming back for more. I think this is a great game that flew under the radar big time for how addicting it really is. I highly recommend this game for anyone who likes to grind, improve, and understand a very in-depth and well made game."
76561198316612551,Not Recommended,473690,34695562,Posted: 2 September,all,OgreBanani,"No thanks. Will be returning for a full refund. I have seen others during the same time I have had issues get on and play fine, while I have seen countless others never get on.I have literally played this game online for all of maybe 5-10 minutes and the rest of the time the inability to connect made it an absolute bore. Only so long I can stare at pretty scenery.It is pretty and the combat looks nice, but without the multiplayer portion this game is nowhere near worth the absurd $30.Will look to revisit the game in the future, hopefully when they have their servers and connection issues sorted out."
76561197966105913,Recommended,473690,34695579,Posted: 2 September,all,Revixy,"A fine game, but lacks PVE content.So if you want a campaign story that last for the money it cost, don't buy this yet until the game has more to offer as it's way too short on that department as it is right now."
76561198302217546,Recommended,473690,34695626,Posted: 2 September,all,VoidWrath1,I cant play it cause my computer succs but its a cool game
76561198044099052,Recommended,473690,34599148,Posted: 29 August,all,get some,Game is cool but they got a lot of bugs and lag issues that needs to be fixed i barely got to play online for 10minutes to d.c
,Not Recommended,473690,34599347,Posted: 29 August,all,Necrucifer,Can't get online... I might change my rating depends on how long it takes to get back online
,Recommended,473690,34601613,Posted: 30 August,all,tournamentrules,"Really tight gameplay, beautiful art style, and runs quite well with no lag whatsoever during any fights I've been in. The combat is damn brutal, but so satisfying once you start getting used to it. I can't wait to dive deeper into the many fighting styles and decks. From what I've seen so far, this game has a lot of potential, and I really hope it grows to have a solid position in the fighting game genre."
76561198041049392,Recommended,473690,34601532,Posted: 30 August,all,MoiKoi,"I hate fighting games. Let's get that out of the way. With that being said, I found this game very enjoyable. Of course it has its pros and cons, but what game doesn't? The combat feels unique to you and the way you want to play the game. The character movements are smooth and it's truly an immersive experience. A challenging combat system makes for extremely rewarding gameplay. However, and this is from personal experience, I got lost many times while trying to beat the game. The map system may as well not even be in the game. I eventually found my way around but it's a draining and unfortunate way of doing things. Servers being down is also an issue, but I refuse to stress this more, as the game was barely released today. Overall, this is a great game that you will enjoy if you don't mind a challenge.7/10 would recommend again."
76561198136591397,Not Recommended,473690,34585035,Posted: 29 August,all,noobbeeii,fix the conection pls
,Recommended,473690,34598251,Posted: 29 August,all,Max.,"Absolver is a great game, really good game for the price and the developers have really did a great job on this amazing game!Pros:Art style is great!Easy game to run on low end computers!Great character customization!Great fighting mechanics!Really easy to get the hang of it, but it's a challenge to master.You can choose from a lot of fighting styles, and customize your ""deck"" to however you would like it.Cons:Really glitchy, but it did just come out so we'll give it some time.Some fighting style are a little unbalanced.Some players can be complete d*cks and just constantly kill you. (there should be like a peacefull mode)Kinda confusing on where you need to go to progress in the game.This sums up my experience of Absolver so far. Great game, can't wait to see this game progress and get better and better! Over all score 8/10!"
76561198054805027,Recommended,473690,34598261,Posted: 29 August,all,Plebzilla69,"This is my first review, just an FYI.Absolver is already becoming one of the most memorable gaming experiences in recent memory, and not only because the combat is as fluid as water itself, but also, its many launch-day bugs. The single player was very enjoyable despite its short duration and arguably dull AI, for some reason I was compelled to discover every nook and cranny their beautifully crafted world had to offer (I found that portion scratching my Dark Souls itch of course). I see gripes about the duration of the story and the ""dumb"" AI, but in my opinion, that's just the developer's way of balancing the many people flowing in and out of the world, it isn't Dark Souls in the difficulty regard, so why would they throw Harvard-grad AI at you whilst dealing with gankers?I haven't had the chance to FULLY experience the match-made PVP due to the servers having been down for a few hours due to a WELL needed update on day-1. Devolver digital and the relevant companies for this project had such an amazing vision that is so close to seeing the light of day, and honestly I have faith that they'll make it happen. After all, the servers having been shut down are due to the bugs they are SCRAMBLING to fix, even going as far as naming the majority of concerns stated in the review section of Steam.Remember to take in all factors of a game's launch, such as:  DevTeam size, the resources available to them, and how it's almost IMPOSSIBLE to predict how such an interconnected multiplayer server will act when it's released to thousands (if not possibly millions) of different networks.Overall, I recommend this game to people who can just see this game for what I see it as; something truly special for an RPG/fighting game nut."
76561198071238499,Recommended,473690,34599455,Posted: 29 August,all,§ªṁþ§ºŋ,"Best fighting game i've ever played! The combat is so satisfying. While the single player content is lacking, the character customization is immense. Single player serves mainly to provide grinding content for you to unlock gear and skills for your character. To be successful in the game, you have to come up with a great combat deck using all the skills you've unlocked. Then you have to be able to execute those skills well when dealing with other people. The game has a bit of a steep learning curve, but feels very rewarding."
76561198070143887,Recommended,473690,34614331,Posted: 30 August,all,Brightside,Thisgame has the greatest comabt system I've played. The combat system is sympile but you can go into real depth with the combos and difernt styles.The campagin is short but enjoyable and offers a good way to learn the game with an easy learning curve.The artstyle is beautiful and allows for a high framerate.Some connection issues but nothing serious or prolonged (at leat on the EU servers)Thoroughly enjoyable and worth every pence
,Not Recommended,473690,34617118,Posted: 30 August,all,poto,"Not really that fun,graphics hurt my eyes, the stances and moves are barely explained, and the ai and story is boring"
76561198033308586,Not Recommended,473690,34617121,Posted: 30 August,all,merciless_night,"this does not feel like a finish game, it a pretty world with nice atmosphere that is fill with boring npc (without voice or interesting) and respawning enemy that feel like basic puppet with bad pathfinding and a really short leash (they alway stick in the same place and dont wander at all) so if it was early access it would be understandable but it not so until there actual content i don't recommend.BTW the gameplay is still really good and the control are great but the game as server issue that you can easily see in other review bye (sorry for my english)"
,Recommended,473690,34616269,Posted: 30 August,all,Ryuko,"I was on the fence for this one a bit, but now that I got it I absolutely love it.  I noticed a lot of comparisons to For Honor and Dark Souls in the reviews and I mean tbh, it is kind of like those two combined into a game with a very uniqe asethetic.  Been playing it awhile already and it is just fun running aroun exploring beating the snot out of npcs and players alike., collecting all sort of gears and skills, and just trying to hammer down the combat system.Certainlyfeels like one of those easy to pick up / hard to master kind of things.  Anyways a definite reccomend imo!"
,Not Recommended,473690,34704474,Posted: 3 September,all,MrRobot,Bad servers!Can't even join.Refunded.
,Not Recommended,473690,34587970,Posted: 29 August,all,DagDog,"This game has some really unique and fun fighting mechanics. Totally worth the 30 dollars. Wait untill they fix their servers and bugs and balance some moves. Lag isn't a huge issue, but being disconnected and getting bugged or even losing save data in some cases is a biiiig issue. I like this game a lot, but I am super dissapointed that it was released in this state. Atleast, when you can get in a match, it feels downright amazing.-Fightings amazing. Nothings else like it. Only thing that works well in the game right now.-By far the buggiest game I have played in ages."
,Recommended,473690,34694710,Posted: 2 September,all,lolk,"7/10 TL;DR: Game is glitchy af and servers suck so wait a few weeks before buying.This game is pretty interesting when you first get into it, and the world design is amazing. The unique fighting styles of enemies and players alike provide a great sense of enjoyment and intensity when playing this game. However, I only ever read reviews for the cons anyway so I'll jump right to them.CONS:-The game itself is reasonably short, with the end game being mostly just PvP-Has a lot of bugs, I recently killed one of the two main ""bosses"" before the final one, and it didn't track the progress for it, so I await an update to progress, and I frequently fall through map-Servers so bad that EA is jealous-Levels look amazing but they can get dull and aggravating fast, lots of death drops and hidden paths that take forever to find-Controls are a bit odd, and youll often be fighting more than 1 person at a time and at random times youll just swing in a random direction when fighting 2+ people.-F a l l   D a m a g e  i s  b o n k e r s-Farming movesIt looks like a lot of cons but really you just need to be patient with the game. If you go into this game expecting For Honor or Dark Souls, prepare to be dissapointed, expecting a game like those will kill your experience!"
76561198332094722,Recommended,473690,34703349,Posted: 2 September,all,leophknts,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game 10/10 discipline. hard learning curb but fun af worth it would recommend to a friend.
76561198271423967,Recommended,473690,34703291,Posted: 2 September,all,Pugin94,"Absolver is a really good fighting game, especially when you are playing in Online mode. It is complex and fun, especially when you unlock the Stagger combat deck. It is very worth the money, pick it up when you have the chance."
76561198004232385,Recommended,473690,34703303,Posted: 2 September,all,Synrez,Amazing
,Recommended,473690,34703423,Posted: 2 September,all,Hecko,It's good. ♥♥♥♥ Kahlt but it's good.
,Recommended,473690,34703410,Posted: 2 September,all,P U N K,"This game is every fighting game player's wet dream. You can create and learn new combos, Slot in multiple fighting styles of your own and make it all aesthetically pleasing. The art style is colorful and really lends to the game's feeling. I found the timing mechanic that doesn't lend to button mashing very nice and rewarding, especially with some practice. I feel like everyone should give this game a chance, especially if you like fighters. On occasion the servers ARE down, though. Annoying when in multiplayer matches but the stability patch has aided with that.Overall, I really love this game. It's pleasing mechanichally and to the eye. I fully give this a thumbs up, I can't wait to see what they add in the future."
,Recommended,473690,34703554,Posted: 2 September,all,AndyTheBomb,Fantastic game. Servers are region locked so you will play with people who have goodish pings. 50-80% of the negative reviews are people in Australia mad that they don’t have their own server or Russians mad they can’t troll US players without using a vpn.
76561198082007638,Recommended,473690,34703624,Posted: 2 September,all,Mitnicm,"Amazing combat system, however, servers are currently a little glitchy when playing online. In its current condition it's an  8/10."
,Recommended,473690,34703545,Posted: 2 September,all,smack17,"Absolver is a pretty fun game. The mechanics are solid and the graphics are beautiful. Online will clear itself up over time, so I'm not too concerned about it.HOWEVER: The game's story is far too short. When I finished the game, I was honestly expecting another half to the game, yet that didn't really happen.Pros:Good combat systemBeautiful graphics and soundtrackCons:Story too short"
76561198333195835,Recommended,473690,34703548,Posted: 2 September,all,Ram Hyuga,Worth Each and Every Penny
76561198027590839,Recommended,473690,34703710,Posted: 2 September,all,It Happens,Everything For Honor should have been and some. Very much worth the price tag.
76561198105723776,Recommended,473690,34703478,Posted: 2 September,all,New Volume,"I'm worried that Absolver will fall short of its potential due to a rough launch and the hastiness of people to write off a game after a hiccup or two.Launch week has been rough, regular server problems coupled with  3 crashes over my 30+ hours of playtime has definitely been an annoyance. But the thirty hours I've put in has more than made up for it. My overall opinion is a very positive one but there are some things you should know before buying the game.ProsBeautiful world design: I love the minimalist graphics and the overall feel of the world of absolverExtremely deep combat system: The sheer amount of moves and strategies possible in this game are staggering. Near infinite possibilities when it comes to combo creation and the like.Feeling of accomplishment: No other game has made me feel so rewarded for the time I have put in. Every pvp fight I come out of I can either see how I have improved or know what I need to do to keep improving.When it's good: This game feels smooth as butter to play, when the servers are running like they're supposed to. You can feel the control you have over the characters every move and its amazing. ButConsServers: The servers have been hit or miss, the first few days the desync could get pretty bad. They seems to have improved very recently, however.General performance: I run this game at 60 fps nearly all the time, but when a player enters into your instance it will drop to 40-45 for a second, could be annoying if it happens right as a marked one is throwing a haymaker at your face but other than that its just a minor annoyance.Depends on you:Grind: There is a grind in this game, farming NPC's for moves could get a tad monotonous I personally enjoyed it, its not as bad as grinding in something like runescape, but it is a grind.Deck Building: This is a big part of the game, as you progress and find more and more moves to use you have to make a lot of decisions, and your deck will require constant tuning and refining. I was enthralled with this aspect of the game, and the time put in instills a sense of pride when you completely floor someone with the deck you worked hard on.Story: There isnt really much of one. takes about 6 hours lesiure if you dont get lost too much. But the story isnt really the point of absolver. This is a PVP focused game and people should know that before buying. Updates and end game content will be added but I believe the focus will always remain on the PVP aspect.TL:DRIf you want a PVP focused game with a combat system as deep as the Mariana Trench then this game is for you. Rewarding to play and master, even with the occasional server issues, which are being addressed, I'd reccomend it to any of my friends that enjoy competitive games and wouldn't be scared off by the depth or grind. 9/10"
76561198061631426,Not Recommended,473690,34702179,Posted: 2 September,all,sbkline,"Don't buy this game for the first 2 weeks.1. The servers are down constantly.2. Lag3. Spawning issues, NPC will spawn again or regain health if another player enters the area that hasn't beat them.4. The main menu needs some work5. If you are fighting NPC, and the fight is moving slightly out of the area where the NPC started, he will have infinite stamina usually.6. Targeting is kinda dumb, for some reason your combo will start attacking another NPC instead of our marked target.7. PVP has some spamming issues, not so sure about this one but I've heard complaints. Also no timer in PVP, losers like to spam dodge to waste people's time especially sore losers.Otherwise I like the game, I like playing it when I can. But if you haven't bought it yet, I'd wait till some of the issues are taken care of. Then I might change my review. But for now I can't recommend. I honestly thought it was coming out to early access, was really suprised that it wasn't. This game needed it."
,Recommended,473690,34702047,Posted: 2 September,all,Killjoy,"This game is all about the fighting system. If you want a complex, customizable martial arts game then this is it. The combat has fantastic flow, the sounds are impactful and satisfying, and my experience with the community has been great. While the world is slightly lacking content, what is there is very interesting and leaves me wanting more. The pve content can be completed quickly, but the pvp content is great."
76561198215698383,Recommended,473690,34702222,Posted: 2 September,all,Bippo,Great combat mechanics and great gameplay.
,Recommended,473690,34702134,Posted: 2 September,all,Unicorn~Goblin,I'm just going to start of and say this game is not a massive group fighting game ( as of launch ) you can only play with 2 friends witch I find rediculusly limiting considering the amount of fun it could be if you had all of them . So here's the pros and consPros1.fighting system is extremely customizable2.The payout of grinding is well worth it3.The community is pretty darn friendly ...for now4.The actuall scenery is very beautiful when your just exploring5.( cuz I mention exploring ) Grinding and sparing is fun but there are a nemerous ammount of secret items and accessible hidden pathwaysCons1.Limitid to 3 people a game2.The Map is somewhat hard to navigate for some3.bugs ( of course I'm aware that slow clap is doing the best they can and are doing a marvelousJob)I'm exited to see the new content and I hope it comes soonHmu in game ( same name )
,Recommended,473690,34616493,Posted: 30 August,all,T8-TR,"The foundation for this game is here.It's great fun, with dynamic interactions out in the (rather beautiful) open world and a combat system that can be heavily modified to your own liking. There are light PvE mechanics (of which they are looking to expand upon) and a heavy focus on PvP, as one could expect with a fighting game. And make no mistake, that is exactly what Absolver is.The only problem? Servers.Now, I'm not as fussed because Day One issues exist (sadly) and those can't always be helped. But it does suck, because the focus is hugely on either working with others in the open world or PvP (in both the arena or the open world).So why am I still giving this a recommend if this is such an online heavy game with borked servers? Because the Devs are fantastic. They have made a fun and balanced game at launch, and are actively on their Discord with their community, communicating their issues. If that support lasts (and they've already touched up on server issues), then this game will be an absolute success.Like I said, the foundation is here."
76561197968142422,Recommended,473690,34616495,Posted: 30 August,all,Koba,"Absolutely fantastic game. I bought it untried (without having been in the beta or anything) because I liked the idea. And it's really truly a blast to play The gameplay is smooth, the combat mechanics (deck building, reading the opponent, etc) is really addictive, and it's just generally a joy to play."
76561198104070389,Recommended,473690,34616504,Posted: 30 August,all,brenton,"GIVE US THE OPTION TO QUIT THE ENTIRE GAME FROM THE CHARACTER MENU SCREEN!Why make us select ""quit"" and then take us to the menu where we have to try to connect to the server (and fail LOL) just to quit the game? Makes no sense.Besides that, has been a lot of fun so far!Servers are Sh*t but that will (hopefully) get better over time."
76561198057007228,Recommended,473690,34616662,Posted: 30 August,all,wezand17,This game is amazing. I love it so much
,Recommended,473690,34616668,Posted: 30 August,all,Liampjg,"this game is heckin good with the best combat system of any game i have played. making a combat deck and figuiring out the intricacies is great fun and throwing out mixups to catch opponents off guard or using a low sweep to duck under that one punch that your opponent always opens with never feels anything short of amazing. this game has been out for just over a day and still contains minor bugs that the team are working on ironing out, but i cannot leave a negative review because of it; the combat is just too good."
76561198217201033,Recommended,473690,34616672,Posted: 30 August,all,PieMan,"Overall I have to give this game a 6, it is a lot of fun if you like fighting games, the combat is crisp and satasfying if you learn to leand a solid string of attacks. I would give this game a solid 8 if the online worked properly, so far i have only been able to connect to the servers 1 time and it was much more fun than playing by myself. I think if they can get the server connection down this game can be improved greatly, and yes I think it is worth the 30 dollars."
,Not Recommended,473690,34616739,Posted: 30 August,all,Nelph,"I've had some fun playing but theres so much that is just unacceptable.1. The servers are terrible, I've only been able to play with a friend once for about 2hrs2. The game has crashed 2 times in the space of half an hour today so I just gave upAmazing potential but again let down by servers and bad matinence."
,Recommended,473690,34616753,Posted: 30 August,all,barlie7,"Very very fun. There are currently some server issues which are being addressed, but those should dissapear soon"
,Recommended,473690,34587240,Posted: 29 August,all,twitch.tv/watakushinohon,i already fell in love with this game :3
76561198034979115,Recommended,473690,34596217,Posted: 29 August,all,TH0311,Great game will be great co-op fun down the road excited to see where the game goes it fills almost all expectations plus a great stat and a customizable fighting style system.
76561198085833767,Recommended,473690,34597221,Posted: 29 August,all,John Michael,"First 30 mins it felt like i was just clicking random stuff but now, after making my own deck, i feel there's much more to come with this game. 8/10. Alittle lacking on content right now but i think they are working on that."
,Recommended,473690,34597139,Posted: 29 August,all,sP,"I'm not from EU and suffering from lag, but the gameplay is fine and the graphics are awesome."
,Recommended,473690,34596482,Posted: 29 August,all,MercIsASpoopyScarecrow<3,"Amazingly fun.This game is a blast, and downright adictive. Every time you fight the enemy and die, you see yourself getting better and better, until you just start kicking♥♥♥♥♥and can't stop because it feels so good.While I have ran into a few bugs, like I've gotten stuck once or twice, and once when i fell, my whole game broke, and I had to restart my game because I was just stairing at a black screen for 5 minutes.Also, I think the devs got a lot more people on than they think they would, so the servers are up and down, cracking under the pressure, hopefully this should be fixed soon, as the game shines in its multiplayer and duels with other players."
76561198067219045,Recommended,473690,34597951,Posted: 29 August,all,HalfPint,"Very nice game, fun to hit people in it."
,Recommended,473690,34597977,Posted: 29 August,all,Himself,"Absolutely love the game! If you are interested in the game keep in mind that it is not something that is meant to play once through the story. it took me 2 to 3 hours to finish the entire story mode. The base of this game is the PVP and to unlock other fighting styles and moves. Getting new moves can be a grind but its all in the fun combat of the game. If you're not the kind of person that wants to play PVP or do any grinding to get these new moves, then the game just isnt for you. But if you are interested in a game like this, I couldnt recommend it more."
76561198126729655,Recommended,473690,34597980,Posted: 29 August,all,The_Lazy_Buddha,"A unique and deep experience. The combat is fresh, and if you are a fan of fighting games you will enjoy playing with the combat deck to customize your own combos."
76561198054597732,Recommended,473690,34598091,Posted: 29 August,all,Rein,"After about 13 hours of playing I can safely recommend this game. I am yet to play a game that offers this much customization to the core gameplay,aka combat in this case. Also connection has been absolutely perfect,I've played about 100 matches so far and I am yet to see any lag in 1v1 duels. Creating your own combat deck is insanely fun and it's actually really logical too. As long as you pay attention to what your moves actually do and the stance they end up in you can create a deck that changes to all 4 stances fluidly. Also it's just so rewarding to absolutely kick♥♥♥♥♥with the build you made yourself rather than having to look up meta builds in games like dark souls to win technically any other build out there as long as you play better than your opponent. This system is absolutely incredible,possibilities for different combat decks are almost infinite so every single one trick build has a counter. As someone who has won 100 or so matches and lost just 1 at the time of writing I think it's safe for me to say that making a well rounded build is a lot smarter than making a build that just does one thing over and over again. It might work on those who are really bad at the game but you'll get destroyed by anyone who knows what they're doing if you just button mash 2 abilities over and over again. And before anyone says that my build must be broken or smth because I'm quite simply not losing I can safely say that I could beat anyone using my exact build. No build is 100% bulletproof and everyone should know what their own builds are good at and what works against them. I'm winning atm because game just came out,no doubt I'll start losing in few days when players get better at the game.I don't give games scores but I honestly fail to find flaws in the game itself so that alone makes it one of the best games I've played lately. Only problem I've seen is open world enemies glitching because of how stressed the servers are right now ''writing this on the launch day so this will most likely not be a probelm in a week'' it doesn't happen often and it only affects pve,so if that would bother you might wanna go offline mode while doing the main story. I tested it for about half an hour and it never happened offline. As I said before actual pvp mode has no problems,I've played against people from japan without any connection issues. So well ♥♥♥♥ing done there,certain other games could learn something from this. If you're having problems with lag you might want to check your own internet speed before throwing stones at the game. Ofcourse if someone is using 500kbs 3g connection or something insanely slow like that there's pretty much nothing anyone could do to make that work online. But as I said before I've played 100 matches on launch day and haven't come across any of those issues."
76561198391411976,Recommended,473690,34601004,Posted: 30 August,all,Scouse,"just good init fam, cou;d be a bit bigger but im sure they will add content as they go"
76561198040691699,Recommended,473690,34602468,Posted: 30 August,all,Kinitzu,"Fights are really fun, just a few bugs here and there but nothing gamebreaking and the devs are working on it."
,Not Recommended,473690,34602476,Posted: 30 August,all,Berntserker,"+ Interesting combat mechanics+ Cool character progression and combo system+ Nice artstyle and design- Very little actual content outside PvP- Input delay and server lag makes PvP frustrating and unenjoyable- Unintuitive controls compared to other games with similar mechanics (Dark Souls, For Honor etc.)- A fair amount of bugs and crashes to desktop+/- Fleeting Co-Op mechanics (friendly fire always on, party disbands frequently from friendly fire or player deaths.)+/- Very easy to fall off ledges due to queued attacks (not game error, but annoying.)Nitpicks: UI and especially menus need workBosses and minibosses frequently fail to register as being killedTL:DRAbsolver is interesting but not mechanically stable enough to support it's PvP oriented gameplay."
,Recommended,473690,34602487,Posted: 30 August,all,MrSims86,This is the best fighting game I've ever played... Simple story and complicated combat.Mastering this game will keep me occupied for a long time.
76561198248938956,Recommended,473690,34585626,Posted: 29 August,all,Jeemeli,"Absolver is a game that I really hope that the devs are gonna update and support for some time. I really enjoy the way they made the combat system and the way you can edit your combat deck. The open world with other random players appearing to help you or fight you is just the way I wanted this game to work and Im very happy with that but also, doing proper 1v1s and other arena gamemodes is also fun and I love the pvp in this game.The artstyle is really nice too, its not super amazing but I really like the way the game looks and runs. The only big problem is the pve, first of all, I think its a bit too hard right off the bat having to early on fight groups of enemies at the same time. You lose your stamina very quick because they are all hitting you at the same time and it feels very unfair at times. The biggest problem however is the fact that when you start fighting an enemy/enemies if you back off too much they all just run really fast back to the place they were, which is very frustrating. Youre in the middle of an epic fight and just randomly all the enemies just run back to where they were at first. This problem NEEDS to be fixed or the pve is gonna be unplayable (apart from bosses).Another thing that Id like to mention is that dodging attacks is really hard, the time you get to recognize where the attack is coming from (up, down, left or right) is really quick and with all the different attacks it feels pretty much impossible to dodge attacks (this only applies to the fighting style where you can dodge attacks which is the one I chose). I guess the answer to that is ""git gud"" but right now it feels impossible to even learn to dodge somewhat consistantly. Overall the game feels very hard already even tho I havent played it that much. I do recommed it tho, the combat feels very fluid and with some tweeks this game could be something amazing."
76561198045775940,Recommended,473690,34585732,Posted: 29 August,all,Caesar,Still early in the game but combat and leveling is very customizable. Kinda sucks when other players are killing all the enemies tho
76561198088596258,Recommended,473690,34582231,Posted: 29 August,all,RingWorm,Very minimal lag on my end. Fun game.
76561198342663640,Recommended,473690,34584029,Posted: 29 August,all,Deadshot,Beautiful concept ..... great game.....crazy combat mechanics..waiting for this game since last year..
76561198029563754,Recommended,473690,34584045,Posted: 29 August,all,NexNeko,"currently liking the game quite a bit. not sure what else i should say, the gameplay is pretty straighforward"
,Recommended,473690,34582888,Posted: 29 August,all,✪ jim,its breathable
76561198412538017,Recommended,473690,34582907,Posted: 29 August,all,The Meditative Warrior,"when ever i make a charecter and press continue or load i go into the loading screen and instantly crash, i pre ordered the game and am so frustrated that i cant play it beond menus can i rceive help? im currently reinstalling the game."
,Recommended,473690,34582928,Posted: 29 August,all,Sirston,Like it so far.
,Not Recommended,473690,34582934,Posted: 29 August,all,Exorch,Fell through the floor.  0/10
76561198069433343,Recommended,473690,34582939,Posted: 29 August,all,Doppio,What for honor was supposed to be
76561198211109935,Recommended,473690,34584166,Posted: 29 August,all,DarthSirOfTARDIS,An amazingly intricate combat system which rewards you for strategic thinking. Great visuals and artistic style. Love it. Get it
76561198039097627,Recommended,473690,34583877,Posted: 29 August,all,Shining Trapezohedron,got rekt by the first player I saw...feels good man
76561198051152902,Recommended,473690,34603195,Posted: 30 August,all,Deadpool,this game is just amazing. i absolutely recommend this game any comlaints you read about just dont bother paying attetnion cuz im hooked and you will be too if you just give it a shot
,Recommended,473690,34602746,Posted: 30 August,all,Royale,If you're not an Oceanman it's a pretty good fighting game.
,Recommended,473690,34601499,Posted: 30 August,all,Sl3dge,Very deep combat system almost entirely based on skill with fully customisable combos based on a Dark Souls Exploration & Multiplayer framework. Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,473690,34600432,Posted: 30 August,all,Spoforth,"Combat is great, good level design and amazing aesthetics.If you live somewhere like Australia that's far from the servers, go to the options and go offline. Seriously, playing this game with any significant amount of lag makes it completely unplayable. Both you and the enemies will teleport around, your hits won't register properly while the enemies get to destroy you.Other than that though, great game."
,Recommended,473690,34594468,Posted: 29 August,all,R3SOLVE,"Amazingly fun PvP, when it's not laggy. (usually it's pretty solid!)  Sadly, launch day woes.  Servers been messed up almost all day, and there are some weird bugs randomly, too.  Overall, it's a solid 8.7/10.  Needs more PvE content, including WoW style dungeons, please.  The amount of customization for movesets is great.  I really feel like I can create any fighting style I please.That all being said, it's easily one of the best concepts I've seen, and also one of the best games I've played in 2017.  For honor is trash, give this game the shot it deserves."
76561198405781820,Recommended,473690,34594696,Posted: 29 August,all,JoshNight,Like the idea behind it
,Recommended,473690,34594707,Posted: 29 August,all,sadf,"Great game, it does have a short story but the multiplayer and combat makes up for it. As long as the devs continue to update the game and add more content I say go ahead and get this game it's great!"
76561198099528793,Recommended,473690,34595089,Posted: 29 August,all,N I E R,"So excited before the game released, and this one doesnt let me down. Solid, fun, and unique gameplay, beautiful yet simple graphic (need more details i think to make it even better). But the world just too ""quiet"", need ""more life"" to make it just right. Overall this game is great!!"
,Recommended,473690,34594643,Posted: 29 August,all,Spacegirl Roxy,Satisfying crack.
76561198117458540,Recommended,473690,34594611,Posted: 29 August,all,Bonesaw is ready,Better than For Honor
76561198036966179,Recommended,473690,34602659,Posted: 30 August,all,Smeth,"This game takes a bit to get used to considering there isnt much explanation on how to start off/build a deck but once you finally figure it out its a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of fun! Love the music, art style, and general feeling of the game plus its only 30 bucks. Definitely will be playing alot."
,Recommended,473690,34605126,Posted: 30 August,all,Vicarus,"While I recommend this game and had a blast playing it, I think it needs a PSA: the main campaign is VERY short. I stumbled around with no direction and still beat it in 6 hours. Even on a first time playthrough I think skilled players with a guide could beat it in under 4. If you want more playtime out of the game you pretty much have to go PvP.Other than that, this game is fantastic. The combo system is fluid and dynamic. It could be a bit easier to unlock new moves (after beating the campaign I'd only unlocked two new moves), but I admit I spent a good amount of time playing in the combo editor to get my perfect combo. If you've ever played God Hand this will feel very familiar.The world is breathtaking. No other word for it. Every location is gorgeous and atmospheric. I feel like some of them could do with being a bit bigger, but I suppose it's hard enough finding your target already.The co-op is a bit hit-and-miss, in my eyes. If you see someone fighting one-on-one, it's best to stay out of it as you're likely to hit each other as well as the enemy. If you see someone being ganged up on though it's satisfying to rush in and even the odds.As far as I can tell although you can recieve help with the Marked Ones (minibosses) the main bosses must be done solo. I like this, it feels like a deliberate design decision to do this so you're forced to git gud enough to beat them without help. Slight boss spoilers:I like how the first two bosses have the odds stacked against you, but the third doesn't. One summons minions and the other is a 2 on 1 fight. However, the final boss is a 1 on 1 duel. I like this because even with that she's probably the hardest of the three. I felt like, ""finally, a fair fight"".Some of the design decisions in this game make my jaw drop with how smart they are. As an example: all the players and enemies (besides bosses) look the same. Basic human form, in a mask. At first this seems like lazy design but only when you're playing do you realise what kind of situations this opens up. An example: I turn a corner and see a guy barreling towards me. I panic, thinking it's an NPC, and axe kick him in the face. Only after that do I back up and realise, oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ that was actually a real person. A person who probably now thinks I was waiting round that corner to ambush him. There's a moment of tension as I have no idea if he'll realise my mistake, or take offence and swing at me. There's no ""sorry"" emote, and again I'm pretty sure this is deliberate. I've been on both sides of this exchange, as it happens more often than you'd think, and it's gone both ways. Sometimes it erupts into a fight, and sometimes you both warily back away and let each other go. It feels so natural and I really have to give credit to the devs for using clever design to funnel you into situations like this.Overall, a very good but short experience. If you're a fan of games like God Hand or MadWorld you'll adore this."
,Recommended,473690,34608716,Posted: 30 August,all,RGB,"I don't wite reviews that often, sayin that.The game has room to be fixed. The game has a great feel it almost gives me a DarkSoul/ForHonor feel. I would recomned this game to other fans who like DarkSouls."
76561198307897353,Recommended,473690,34608745,Posted: 30 August,all,N_,"I like it. The criticisms are totally valid though, they just do not bother me very much. I would wait for a later version of your are not sure. If you think you will enjoy it though, it is very playable now in its current state."
,Recommended,473690,34609296,Posted: 30 August,all,Leems,"A very beautiful game that grabs your attention the moment you load in. At the beginning, you'll be put to the rest immediately and, if you don't take a step back to learn the actual mechanics of the fighting, you will not get far.This game's art style and gameplay are beautiful, it is great you're given points to allocate in specific fields while also being able to mix match different move sets and combos, making each person's fighting style and gameplay a little more different from the next.10/10"
,Recommended,473690,34609158,Posted: 30 August,all,Phinks,steep learning curve but once u get the hang of it the game is really fun
,Recommended,473690,34609220,Posted: 30 August,all,Dovah,"I usually don't write reviews for games, but this one definitely deserves one. Absolver is an amazing game for many reasons. The artstyle is beautiful and very unique (In my opinion), the gameplay is fluid and transitioning through the different directional stances from using combos feels great. There are 4 directional stances that will change how you hit, dodge, or parry. All and all, the story seems really great so far and i'm definitely feeling like this will be one of my favorite games of this year.Art: 10/10 (lovely almost painting design, feels very much like playing concept art if that makes sense lol)Story 9/10 (so far)Combat: 10/10 (very fluid and unique)Difficulty: 8/10 (challenging but thats not a bad thing whatsoever)Overall : 9/10"
,Not Recommended,473690,34604955,Posted: 30 August,all,Sloster,"augh I hyped up this game for myself for 4 whole months, waiting to get my hands on it just to try out the combat. It was advertised as a Player vs Player focused game with the story mode serving as a tutorial to get grips with the game. Ofcourse they managed to ♥♥♥♥ it up. How did they ♥♥♥♥ it up you ask? Well to put it shortly, they didn't make servers for all countries. So if you aren't lucky to live where they decided to make servers, I for example live in Dubai, you don't get to play online and you don't even get to play single-player unless you turn off your wifi so it doesn't try to connect to servers. Did I mention it's an infnite connecting to servers screen if there are no servers where you live?Please no one try to defend this. It is complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to advertise your game around PvP and not let players who gave you money to play it do just that. It is theft and this is one of the biggest flops I've seen in a game so far.And even if they do add servers for all countries, I pre-ordered the game, how is it fair to make me wait to play it after other people just because I don't live where they do? Devolver Digital has disappointed me this time. I have currently around 100 minutes in the game which were spent on an infinite ""connecting to servers"" screen trying to get the game to connect or at least allow me to play the product I payed for."
76561198042041546,Recommended,473690,34598206,Posted: 29 August,all,The Wizard,Great game !
76561198151077956,Recommended,473690,34598213,Posted: 29 August,all,albeav92,"-Be a fighting game player-Compete in SFV UMVC3 and TEKKEN-Think you know stuff about things-Download game-Start playing-First Boss-Die 17 times-Realize you can use a controller-Die 5 times-Figure out how to dodge-Figure out how to block counter-Realize that this game is LITERALLY AN FRPG-Translate Fight Stick skills to keyboard-Roll faceThis game is amazing, and I cant even PVP yet. If you're a fan of fighting games, this is going to make you very happy.If you aren't a fan of fighting games, you'll still love it.Well F***ing Done Sloclap.Well F***ing Done."
,Recommended,473690,34598221,Posted: 29 August,all,CamBamz,"Absolver is not for those that are looking for a single player experience. This game shines in its PvP aspects.  I was able to beat the ""marked ones"" as they are called in the game and reach the end game by 3 hours.The combat system in this game is incredible. The combat decks and how you unlock different moves for them are what will keep this game alive for me.There is a steep learning curve when you first start, but after you get the hang of how things work this game really takes off.If you are looking for a deep complex fighting game that reminds me a little of dark souls and a lot of for honor than this is the game for you."
76561198166725869,Recommended,473690,34598225,Posted: 29 August,all,Lorst,"I have played this game for about 2 hours, give or take, and here is my short review.The mechanics are well done. Sure, some moves like the elbow one is really spammy, and the tutorial doesn't teach you much. Having a simple tutorial is fine, but considering all the mechanics like the party and the combos, it's a little too vague.The world is great. The visuals are stunning, to me at least. The lore is a bit lacking, but we're not really here for the lore, really.There is PvP, and for a man in Asia, it's really frustrating at times. A random player can walk up to you and disappear while killing you 3 times with a single move. The lag is at times unbearable, but I believe the developers will get it done, since this is still launch day.It runs smoothly, except for the occasionally day to night cycle changes when you tone down the brightness. Just a trivial matter, though.For keyboard and mouse users, prepared to get mind ♥♥♥♥ed if you played an excessive amount of For Honor like me. The controls can get a bit weird at times and frustrating, but you'll get used to it after an hour or so.Overall, this is a fine game, and one that I'm glad I pre-ordered. I have faith in the developers to patch most of the game breaking bugs, and for the community to not be toxic and ledge people.I rate this game 7.9/10"
,Recommended,473690,34598388,Posted: 29 August,all,_Ice,The combat is really good and I could see myself putting hundreds of hours in this game!It could use some fixes seems random when I drop fps.  At the moment I haven't been able to get on a server hopefully that will come up and I can enjoy pvp eventually or go under someone's wings.  Overall I really like the game and hope to see more from this in the form of patches
,Recommended,473690,34593948,Posted: 29 August,all,StBlaize,I like it. It's something new.
,Recommended,473690,34694086,Posted: 2 September,all,Cleanerman Cthulhu,"Almost a full day into the game. I cherish it, hope there will be a ton more added to the story and map. Currently, I definitely recommend it, simply to dig your heels in. The combat's smooth, rewarding even for a patient player. Early on, everything is bloody terrifying, beware those rhastafarian looking folks; Ceremonials. All of the stances have a purpose, and even a fluidness to how they're meant to be used. Mixing moves from other schools is even encouraged, as sometimes your own school's moves don't flow well together.I came from here to Dark Souls, and took a little caveat of honor from it, I don't heal in the middle of a fight, and do my very best to maul people that do. The healing in this game is punishing, but you can go from kissing death to a full health bar if you throw together a combo that strikes stupidly fast. (I've literally seen someone stomp me out, solely because they grabbed the fastest attacks, and pretty much wore ""nothing"" to ramp their Mobility up. Quite possibly the cheapest and least fun thing to come across.)Players can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have a stream video, of getting right up to the ""final"" boss, going to sit at the Altar, and have someone try to attack me out of nowhere, only to then have to defend myself and hope he doesn't force me to make the grueling trip back up to Risryn.The ""story"" is short, but it feels like... well.. Breath of the Wild's Plateau, it just feels like a tutorial area, to get you hooked, before the world map opens up and you're left dumbfounded. I hope that they implement a larger map, maybe add adverse environments, cold mountains, burning volcanos, Ice caves, deserts, maybe even an underground city, beneath the Tower of Adal.Playing with others is.. mildly stressful, friendly fire is a thing, and I've literally shoved enemies, allies, and neutrals off ledges by accident because they were in a poor position. Otherwise it's fun, most people are courteous, oblige duels, revive you afterwards.It's not worth thirty bucks right now, but I honestly believe it will in the coming months, even the Deluxe version will be worth it's cost soon.All in all, if you want a game that will last you more than a few days to get through, wait awhile, a month, maybe two, then pick this up. It's short right now, but there's soooo bloody much that could be done, the cliff hanger is real, and I need it to be fleshed out!"
76561198063911943,Recommended,473690,34694544,Posted: 2 September,all,Reias,I love this game but the power curve is a bit steep and there's no mini map or even a guide to show you where the masked ones are.
,Recommended,473690,34694276,Posted: 2 September,all,Je m'appelle Jeff,"10/10 melee combat, just takes some time and effort to get good at it."
,Recommended,473690,34693875,Posted: 2 September,all,PxZ_,"It's a good game, good combat, makes me mad when I lose but I only lose because people are better than me.  10/9"
76561198155431825,Not Recommended,473690,34697041,Posted: 2 September,all,Buffalo-Wing Bill,"Don't get me wrong, Absolver has the potential to be a fantastic game, however, the current state of the game is:-Laggy (When the servers are working)-Full of hackers-Glitchy (Some of which are virtually game breakingAnd overall there's going to need to be a lot of balance tweaks due to the way the combat system works, certain moves are objectively better in almost every way than others, hence why not even a week in people have already figured out the meta of virtually unlimited stamina builds with nothing but spin kicks that are faster than a jab.I'm sure the game will improve with time, but right now it's just a frustrating experience."
,Recommended,473690,34696972,Posted: 2 September,all,Quaade,"Game's fun. Has a deep combat system that plays well in PVP situations.However, the game is very short, can be completed in about 4-5 hours if you're slow, and much of the endgame content revolves around 1v1 PVP matches.Currently the servers are very hit and miss, but i have faith that it is only a matter of time before that is sorted out.Get the game if you are a fan of Dark Souls PVP, or just want something different from Tekken and SFV. If you are mainly a solo player, wait untill the game gets more content, or goes on sale.Once the game gets more content, it's a must-have, until then, get it for the PVP."
,Recommended,473690,34697014,Posted: 2 September,all,Dog Leech,"Absolver is a fantastic game. I am bad at traditional fighting games, but have been a kickboxer for 20 years. I actually built in-game combos around my go-to combinations that I use in real life; nearly all the moves are built into the game. Fighting in Absolver FEELS like fighting. You build your combos, you get a feel for you opponents style, and you execute your combos in a system that is both simple and deeply complex at the same time. I have never feel cheated in a PVP fight. I have felt frustrated that I couldn't time my attacks, I have felt overwhelmed at an opponents brilliant deck, but I have never felt helpless. For every move, and every combo, there are numerous counters and options available.The game had some initial network issues, but they have mostly resolved it. There are still some random time I can't connect, but I just use that time to accomplish whatever offline mode things I wanted, or spend a few hours trying to create a new deck.The PVE content is pretty minimal, but the world is beautiful and intriguing. Enemies will sometimes fight you in groups. Sometimes they kick each other in the head and kill themselves. Its good. If you can't take down 4 NPCs attacking you as a group, I'd say you aren't actually done with PVE yet.Let me put it simply: If you like martial arts, but have never liked how fighting games control, or how a quick attack button mash can cheese you to death, buy this game. Play it, build your combos, win some, lose some, and feel amazing."
,Recommended,473690,34697015,Posted: 2 September,all,zoal,If you are a fan of crushing difficulty and intricate fight systems this is a hell of a game. Not without problems but it scratches a deep itch.
,Recommended,473690,34697016,Posted: 2 September,all,mewp,"Great game. Combat kinda hard to get the feel for, but once you make a deck you enjoy the fights feel amazingPros: Extremely fluid and beautiful combat (pvp), Stunning world design, A lot of customization.Cons: Lack of single player content, Poorly designed AI, Very buggy (for now)Would recommend"
76561198085645852,Recommended,473690,34702669,Posted: 2 September,all,Lightning McMexican,"Alright kids, uncle Mexican is gonna tell ya somethin'. I am a max level forsaken class and this game has got to be one of my favorite fighters. The combat system is so unique and flexable and gives loads for creativity within your playstyle and generally what you want to do. The story isn't the longest, but it doesn't actually take away from the game too much. Almost everything about the fighting is satisfying. Every hit, every dodge, every parry is so good to get and the flow of the game is fantastic. Nothing feels overpowered and it's mostly based off of reaction and reading opponents. Every fight is a new experience, literally, because everyone has their own quirky style so for the most part, it doesn't get old. For some problems, the server issue has been funky and not the most stable, but is getting better by the day. There is a grind feel that the deveolopers very strongly show. Just about every move must be learned which takes some time and dedication. If you find someone with a school however, you can join and use the school moveset to get an advantage. You can also learn abilities earlier on by staying in a school. This game is great, and should only get better with time and I strongly suggest you pick it up. For the price, it's definetly worth it."
,Recommended,473690,34702674,Posted: 2 September,all,Ignimeo,"so i'm 10 hours in at this point and i'm loving the way the combat works. having to keep a close eye on any other players to make sure they don't suddenly attack you is a great at keeping the tension up in the pve and can lead to some amazing encounters. but be warned there are some issues with online play that i'm noticing and doing a google search i don't seem to be the only one.First sometimes when you travel to a new area it doesn't actually load the area. and i don't mean just textures are missing. entire bridges that you need to traverse into or out of the area do not exist and you will fall to your death if you attempt a leap of faith. sometimes this can actually help you as barricades and walls that are meant to hinder you no longer exist but id rather be able to see where i can safely step.Sometimes on death the screen will fade to black and you will be forced to close the game and relaunch.And sometimes when a player leaves an area all of the enemies (regardless of current status or level) will be respawned based on the new hosts stats, even if you were about to kill one after taking the time to learn the entire move set from that npc. suddenly that npc and their 2 friends that were not around a second ago take you clubbing. i don't know how or if these issues can be readily resolved, but if you are willing to put up with these for some fun pvp its a real blast"
76561198052875531,Recommended,473690,34753283,Posted: 5 September,all,Nothing,New and innovative
,Recommended,473690,34753543,Posted: 5 September,all,Mugen,"Game made by a team of 6, so yeah, some issues with servers and stuff like that but I'm sure if they keep working on it this will become an awesome fighting game, I'm enjoying it a lot atm and I will continue to do so"
76561198073354283,Recommended,473690,34727354,Posted: 3 September,all,Renoku,"This game has a long way to go until I would consider it ""complete;"" however, even the developers acknowledge that. A lot of free dlc will be coming out, along with regular updates to fix any bugs. As the other reviews have surely made clear, the combat system is amazing and is the concentration of the game.Like an MMO, the game has a life of it's own. It's release doesn't mark its completion, rather its opening to the public. Please remember that with a purchase of the game, you are helping to pay for its improvement. Think of it as an investment, and one that I would consider worthwhile."
76561198085457214,Not Recommended,473690,34656650,Posted: 1 September,all,Tini Bini Vandelay,PVP and Lag issue needs to be fix asap. Often time the latency issue makes it unplayable.
,Recommended,473690,34656664,Posted: 1 September,all,i wanna die,"skill and timing based 1v1 fighting game. battle your way through the npcs, think you got good, go to pvp and get♥♥♥♥♥♥on. tho the servers are still a bit laggy here and there, Absolver is a very good game with an interesting take on the 3rd person fighter genre. given some time and further development in the coming months it's almost guaranteed to be an absolute hit."
76561198014189649,Not Recommended,473690,34656681,Posted: 1 September,all,Saltorious,To get skills you just have to stand and block mindlessly. Players running in and killing you in mid battle is frustrating. Combat is fun but can also get frustrated when spammed by players or npcs using the same move. I would recommend waiting for more content and updates before purchasing.
,Recommended,473690,34677218,Posted: 1 September,all,1karu5,"I came into Absolver without many expectations, and it has absolutely blown me away. The art style and animations are absolutely breathtaking, and the entire feel of the game is so, so good. There are of course a few things that aren't perfect, or that I would have changed if I'd been developing the game, but I think that the team at Sloclap has done a fantastic job creating a partially online world in which you get to master your own unique fighting style.I beat the main story over the course of about 7 hours without partaking in the 1v1 combat trials. I truly enjoyed the unique fights with the bosses throughout the story, and the individual enemies along the way feel appropriately placed, and are sometimes more difficult, other times easier to defeat.Overall, I would recommend Absolver if you feel you may be interested in entering a beautiful world where you can fight the enemies as you see fit. Consider what you're getting, and if it's worth it to you. For me, it absolutely was. I plan to continue playing for a long time, and have already gotten a few friends to get it and join in!"
76561198072352298,Recommended,473690,34668754,Posted: 1 September,all,Hyperthermia,Click X
,Not Recommended,473690,34624526,Posted: 30 August,all,Kewl Wood,"I truly love the single player even if its a bit buggy.but thats not why i'm giving this a bad review.this game has a huge emphasis on multiplayer which is fine and can be tons of fun take dark souls or for honor for example. but oh my lord is the multiplayer in this garbage some moves are extremely over powered while some classes cant do a single thing to fight against it. the multiplayer is the most unenjoyable, unbalanced pile of flaming junk you coul d possibly play i like the game but my god is it terrible.honestly save your money dont buy this garbage until its on sale or if its fixed."
,Recommended,473690,34669602,Posted: 1 September,all,Crudoski,"What a ride this game has been. It's beautiful when a game makes you think how and why you died rather than just salt the hell out of you. Took me a while to kind of understand it, and it just makes me want to git gud.To be brief: excellent fighting game experience, okay PvE experience."
,Recommended,473690,34587072,Posted: 29 August,all,PΛSSFOOL,That's a very good game but...WHY I NEED WAIT 2600 SECONDS FOR RESPAWN
,Recommended,473690,34670320,Posted: 1 September,all,Kazi_Momo,"I love this game a lot, the combat is so satisfying and I just can't stop playing it... Unless my game freezes every match and I have to turn off my computer, this is literally just happening with this game and it's very frustrating. Other than that I think that this game is worth it if you guys enjoy a lot of pvp!"
76561198003194872,Recommended,473690,34681553,Posted: 2 September,all,Glaz,"if you casual, this game is not for u.What a interesting combat system, very addicting.Sure you need a lot of time to understand the combat desk and learn more new moveset.but, defeat your opponent with your own combat desk is most satisfying.1v1 combat is smooth like hell, camera work great (unless you stuck into a corner),the server issue really annoyance sometime,but it is not an issue that can't fix.If you Like PVP , this game is for u, and you can just wait it out,I mean, Christmas not that far.As for PVE, The current content not so much for you.Main Storyline it like 2-3 hours long and not much subplot.Those boss are pushover even the last boss once you understand how they AI work.and 2v1 , 3v1 combat most of the time end up with npc hiting or killing other npc.really make me think why they are not just making this game PVP only.unless Sloclap bring up something new or adjust how they AI work,i not suggest you buy this game, if you looking for PVE."
,Recommended,473690,34684622,Posted: 2 September,all,Floofers,"This game is fun and addicting. Put in 12 hours in 2 days :) Story is pretty interesting but not too deep, but thats not what i bought the game for. The combat is great, feels fluent and fun. Would highly reccomend to anybody.8-9/10"
76561198038256390,Recommended,473690,34684744,Posted: 2 September,all,zacker677,"Absolver suprised me. Bought it on impulse, Went in expecting something mediocre and was completely and utterly blown away. If you're the sort that enjoys challenging skill based combat, buy it. NOW.And dont worry about those online issues or lack of content, they are sure to be fixed over time..."
,Recommended,473690,34684385,Posted: 2 September,all,The Djentleman,"The first thing I want to do is address the premise of the game, which I feel is being missed when people look at the tags for the game:You are a student and your entire goal is to learn more about martial arts and teach those who are less experienced than you are. Your journey is to become an Absolver and become the best that there ever was. That's it. That's the entire premise. Wandering around and exploring the broken world is just icing on the cake. Fashion is extra. PvE just exists to teach you the game and give you more moves to play with.Pros:Great diversity of movesets from various stylesSurprisingly technical in how moves are used and how they flow with other movesThe tension shard system is an interesting take on powers and weaponsPicking fights with other players can either be done in the open world or through the queuing system at any Altar you visitDark Souls' level design distilled to its essence makes for most of the explorable worldYou get armors from PvE and PvPGrey:Netcode is very hit or miss, but usually more hit than missYour PvP rank unlocks higher difficulty versions of previously defeated bosses. This is great if you're good at the game, but raising your PvP rank is very slow if you're not able to beat your opponents.Powers in general. Some are simply not worth using.No way to increase your weight limit. It's not too much of a problem since it prevents hardcore min-maxing of stats, but at the same time it hampers your fashion ability if your Combat Deck needs a high Mobility stat.Cons:Servers can be finnicky but otherwise the developers have been very fast with supporting them. Since having the MP is so integral to the game, a big chunk of the game is lost if you can't be online.There's no way to delete duplicate armors at the time of this review.You can receive visual bugs depending on how bad the latency is, such as stats not being properly represented on your moves.Some moves have questionable balance practices.This game is NOT for solo players. IF YOU INTEND TO PLAY SOLO, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. This game by its nature is very social and without the MP feature the PvE is very shallow."
76561198052163565,Recommended,473690,34684393,Posted: 2 September,all,demonfire737,"I'd definitely recommend this game to anyone who wants a complex and engaging melee (martial arts and sword play to be specific) combat system along with beautiful stylized aesthetics. The propect of running around in a world with other players who appear and leave at random really helps the experiance, although the downside of the occasional bout of rubberbanding issues does grate on me. The biggest downside is how short the story is, it took me less than 6 hours to complete the story, leaving a little to be desired in regards to the PvE/Co-op aspects, but I hear the devs are going to be updating the game with new content as we go, so hopefully they'll add more lands to explore and story to play through, but I feel it should've been released with more."
,Recommended,473690,34605267,Posted: 30 August,all,Sezues,"Thankfully the DEVS listened and released an oceanic server.The game is great, a really well thought out and strategic fighter!Before Oceanic Servers review-------------------The game is fantastic, Until the lag hits you like a drop bear in the outback while strolling through the rainforrest.Whilst I am loving the game, I cannot recommend this YET for the AU/NZ regions, until they fix the Oceanic servers.First hour or so was playable. Second was unbearable."
,Not Recommended,473690,34683536,Posted: 2 September,all,RoflmonsterNZ,"Love this game!! so much so that I am currently replaying the first 10 hours I spent on it due to a bug where if you suffer a hardware crash, as in a power outage or anything of the sort, all of your save data automatically becomes corrupt.Dont get me wrong, that was only half a dose of sarcasm as I do genuinely love the game, It has a ""souls like"" feel to it but its not all twisted and dark. Its bright and has its own style. The depth and customization of the fighting system coupled with the semi-open world drive the game away from your typical fighting genre, but unfortunatly a save corrupting bug can very easily kill the vibe and drive players away if they lose a save with a significant amount of time invested.Also worth mentioning that I live in NZ and the game is unplayable in online mode. The severe lag/rubberbanding doesnt only affect PVP but PVE as well. Not game breaking at this stage though as the game is still fun in offline especially when trying to figure the game out. Would be nice to be able to give the online a go in the future though.Trust me the game is great but maybe just hold off for a bit until the save corrupting bug is fixed to save any disappointment and wasted weekends.Will be back to edit this review once these 2 main issues are solved."
76561197993377804,Recommended,473690,34626082,Posted: 30 August,all,Jez,"Only level 17 so far playing in Australia, Oceanic servers are up and online mode is pretty good, still abit of rubber banding here and there but nothing online gamers here wouldn't be used to. If you like fighting games and love martial arts then I think you'll really enjoy this game. It can only get better from here. I give it a 7/10 waiting for more updates and dlc to flesh it out.Had my first 1v1 last night went 2-3 his way, got the adrenaline pumping, no rubber banding or lag. Can't wait to get back into it."
76561197993855690,Recommended,473690,34646914,Posted: 31 August,all,Tom Arnold on PCP,"Cons:It's really short, probably about 4-8 hours of gameplay, not including PVP.Online mode sometimes goes crazy when fighting near other players, I've died several times against enemies who are lagging all over the place.A few times the game spawned two copies of a boss in the same area, fighting one is difficult when they have a couple of cronies, but fighting two bosses and the cronies at the same time is near impossible to win.The online mode makes spotty connections at times.Price is too high.Pros:Good fighting mechanics with a versatile set of moves.The AI is good at exploiting a numbers advantage, even when their attacks are predictable.Cool way of learning moves, reminds me of Hybrid Heaven and other fighting RPGs.Teaming up with other prospects/absolvers is pretty neat!PVP duels are a lot of fun.Grey Areas:The AI sometimes gets a real cheap advantage of not losing stamina when beating you down.No real motivation to learn new moves, although having a rounded set of moves is helpful. You could probably complete the game without using anything more than the basic moves you start with.Nothing to do once you become an Absolver, makes me think the developers released this way too early.OverallI would recommend this as a buy, assuming you can get it on sale. At the current price of $32, this is too much to pay for so little content."
,Recommended,473690,34648452,Posted: 31 August,all,Sulfur,"Pros:Dark Souls meets martial arts.Cons:Minor crashing issues, although I expected this fully being it was just released."
,Recommended,473690,34641627,Posted: 31 August,all,apollo,they need to fix controls for keyboard and mouse. parry does not work half the time.
,Recommended,473690,34653521,Posted: 1 September,all,Dr. Sparx,"Very large skill curve - you will get your♥♥♥♥♥beat, a lot. But something about the game makes you want to go straight back to getting beaten up, this game fills an old dusty gap in the market that some of us have waited so patiently for. Absolver has huge potential and I believe i'll be playing for a long time to come."
,Recommended,473690,34607838,Posted: 30 August,all,Aidycus,"*Precursor I live in Australia*EDIT: This game has had the lag issues fixed for OCE and now I cannot recommend it enough, it's super fun and well worth the money, props to the devs for instantly getting on the complaints :)I have to be honest I preordered this and expected a hell of a lot, I managed to go through the first two minibosses with no lag issues at all but then it just got bad. It became unplayable with how badly the enemies were flying around, PvP is essentially am I the one lagging or is the other guy and that's it. I had to turn the game to offline mode to play the PvE stuff and smashed it out in 5 and a half hours which was fully enjoyable. I had hoped that the lag might have improved or just been my problem but it wasn't, I wholeheartedly want to continue playing this game I just hope that the lag is just an initial issue and I can keep playing.This would be a positive review if only it wasn't so laggy so please fix it."
,Recommended,473690,34653592,Posted: 1 September,all,~ Vhanzer,"A short enjoyable game (SP or Co-op) OR a complex and refined PvP combat experience that is definitely worth the time. You choose. ABSOLVER isn't an MMO or RPG, even though it contains some elements, Attributes and loot/ armor stats but I still found myself completely immersed in the world and gameplay. The art style is akin to Prince of Persia games with a 'Naruto/Ninja' feel to the characters with KungFu'ee moves out of your favorite martial arts movies. And, it has tons of room to grow/evolve with new maps, fighting styles, weapons, etc.The fighting (Main feature) is the real meat of the game. You unlock moves, add them to your combat deck(s) to create your very own style and go out into the world to try it out. The main story, the little you learn, is just a simple yet entertaining enough 8 hours or so tutorial to get you ready for the games main dish, ' PvP Fighting'. This is where you bring what you've learned and refined into the player arenas and test your skills. And SKILLS is the key here. This is NOT a button smasher but a 'Smart, tactical and very flexible' fighting game that requires you to adapt to each opponents style and find that little kink in their armor. I very highly recomment this game as a good 'Fighter' and 'Co-op' experience."
,Recommended,473690,34654493,Posted: 1 September,all,Biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig,So damn good. The system theyve designed really lets you create any combo you want and it's frankly mindblowing.  Good fun.
76561198024274857,Recommended,473690,34628498,Posted: 31 August,all,MD Tron,"Im far from a pro at fighting games, Im very casual type of player in most fighting games.  Absolver captures something inside me, maybe its my ""WANT"" to be a real fighter.... Who knows, but everything about this game, from the art, sounds, the story, the fighting, and the gameplay are all amazing. Absolver gives me just about everything I could have wanted and also things I didnt even know I wanted in a fighter or any game.  The ability to customize your fighter and all of their attacks and abilitys is infinite.The PVP is amazing, I had a chance to dig deep into the game and the PVP is not to punishing and very rewarding.  Yes I get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when I get owned, and YES Stagger style is overpowered so much so that it could really ruin Absolver and Im not sure if they will ever be nurfed but unless you play Stagger style and your going up against another player who uses it, than you will all most always lose.  The end game is so addictive that Iv had a hard time putting the game down, I love the ability to jump right into an arena match and face another player that Iv slowed down a ton on my PVE grind.  I do think they need to add more PVE stuff and I do feel that the reward for farming is low, which I love to farm.  When I first wrote this review I just finished the main story and love how it leaves me wanting more.  I hope to see more of Absolvers world someday.  Absolver has a strong foundation for something great, I look forward to spending lots of time in game.Absolver has so much heart and soul that it will take me a long time to master the game.  From customizing my toon to finding the best combos for my fighting style to then be faced up agaisnt someone who has put as much time or more into the game as I have and face off... its just hard to discribe, Im not normaly into fighting games outside of DBZ, but I love a good fighting movie and Absolver really sparks something in me, that I wish I was a kid again and I wish I could fight like in game."
76561198029412161,Recommended,473690,34678614,Posted: 2 September,all,CoCoBane,good
,Recommended,473690,34678620,Posted: 2 September,all,HipWiz,"this is the best fighting game ever, such a deep combat system yet very simple once you understand it. Such a simple concept, run around and fight people, no side quests or anythign to clutter the game. Would recomend to anyone."
76561198052715903,Recommended,473690,34695198,Posted: 2 September,all,Man of the Basement,"If you like pvp fighting games with good mechanics, balance, complexity, and ease to grasp on a basic level then this game is for you.  If you want a long and satisfying singleplayer experience then don't buy this game.  Content will also be released for free in the future and the Devs have been quick to respond to bugs/server lag issues considering their small size.  Not only am I having fun with the game, I feel good supporting SloClap.  I recommend this game."
,Recommended,473690,34696167,Posted: 2 September,all,QuetzaCocoCh4n,"So I will address this right now, Yes the servers are horrible and the lag can be annyoing (if you can even connect to the servers). Yes, getting ganked is complete BS and hard to fight against. And yes, there's not alot of endgame, only 1v1 and grinding for moves.However, with all that said, Absolver is one of the best games i've played in a long time. The fighting is fluid, beautiful, and feels so natural. The stringing together of moves and planning of where to attack next really keeps your focus on the enemy. The world is very silent, with only few bits of dialouge and a quiet atmosphere, it feels very grim and lonely. I would compare this to Dark Souls, but Absolver has a different charm to it. The gear looks awesome, and grinding in PVP to get a crazy cool mask feels so rewarding. The community in game is also very helpful (not saying there's some a**holes out there). You can just group up with 2 random people and conquer the whole map.Absolver is an experience that you should play. With the free content and bug fixes (hopefully some better servers), This game can only get better."
76561198352566960,Not Recommended,473690,34694835,Posted: 2 September,all,rdj1094,I have played A lot of absolver and I have to say after 10 hours theres nothing new to see. After you become an abslover you can try to get a different fighting class or go back to old areas and grind for the best gear which is what I do. After that all you can do is restart on a different class. Also online matchmaking is unbalenced. Not level based at all.
76561198014324005,Recommended,473690,34696096,Posted: 2 September,all,Glippo,"bad for PVE and co-op, really good for solo 1v1 PVP"
,Recommended,473690,34696103,Posted: 2 September,all,Mister Scoopz,Game is brutal in the beginning untill you unlock more combos and figure out how to build a decent combat deck. the AI who have the absorb ability are completely broken even the players who use it its unpunishable there is barely a delay from them missusing it to when they can attack.  The Dodge ability class is underpower and too many attacks will hit you regardless.  The AI Boss stamina pool is godly and renders stamina drain ability useless making the only way to fight them is dodge/absorb then fast attack.  There is no room to heavy attack because there is not enough delay for mistakes.  Every fight is like a darksouls pvp but your a low level fighting a guy who is highlevel with an autoparry script running.  but the game is fun.  it just needs alot of balancing.  the block ability types shouldnt be able to spam their special every second then punish and the evade class shouldn't have to waste a quarter of stamina to dodge.
,Recommended,473690,34696114,Posted: 2 September,all,RedSensei,There was no game to fill the stylish action fighting game void in my heart. Now there is one.
76561198057923867,Recommended,473690,34697734,Posted: 2 September,all,clin_Tr0n,"Wait a few weeks before buying & see if any of the problems are addressed. It's fun when it works, but the lag is proving to be pretty bad."
,Not Recommended,473690,34614699,Posted: 30 August,all,Ironman BTW,"The combat in this game is great, but if it isn't the servers kicking you off every hour or two, then the game will crash repeatedly on you. On top of all of that, your save files can be corrupted and you will lose all of your progress if it crashes enough times.I would love to give the game a positive review because it's very fun to play, but the ♥♥♥♥ing problems outweigh the positives."
76561197999173628,Recommended,473690,34694859,Posted: 2 September,all,Arkamedeez,Absolver is likely the most peaceful PvP game I have ever played.I really enjoy the art style.  It's neat that everyone's face is covered by a mask.  The soundtrack is very calm.
,Recommended,473690,34586458,Posted: 29 August,all,salsberry101,i guess?
,Recommended,473690,34694773,Posted: 2 September,all,Actually_Sad | trade.tf,"Haven't personally had any problems with server connection and even if I did, the game is so god darn diddly damn good that I'd just ignore them. Smoothest combat I've ever felt in a video game."
,Recommended,473690,34693771,Posted: 2 September,all,shigurui,"great and very detailed combat system , best fighting game 2017, recommended for everyone who is into martial arts, for honor, dark souls and other more traditional fighting games. Although it has its flaws  ( connection problems for some people) the combat and world feel very unique and have great potential. If the devs keep delivering updates, the game will surely stay active for a very long time"
76561198030129685,Recommended,473690,34694889,Posted: 2 September,all,Shrek2onBluRay,"Game is very solid fun. Graphics and style are beautiful, combat is fun, and there is a lot of flexibility in regards to how you can build your deck. Has some issues, such as servers being iffy and very fast attacks perhaps being better than slower but more powerful attacks, but these are things that will be improved with time. Super fun game, and I'm very excited to see how it progresses!"
,Recommended,473690,34694725,Posted: 2 September,all,November [KONY-III],"A fairly simple fighting game where you choose your moveset instead of your character. PvP is heavily prediction based, learning the moves your opponent is using is almost more important than knowing your own. A lot of potential here, and despite a rocky launch the dev response gives me plenty of faith that things will be in working order soon enough."
,Recommended,473690,34625790,Posted: 30 August,all,Krizma,my internet is 1kbps simulator
,Recommended,473690,34626193,Posted: 30 August,all,Fore,"After nearly 8 hours of playtime and actually getting some server time, i think I'm finally ready to write my review of AbsolverI really, really, really, hate the majority of this game, like with a burning passion, the PVE and Marked Ones in this game are exceedingly unfun, and after playing 4 or so hours playing PVP, it's even more apparant how absolutely awful this games PVE is, Bosses will dodge pieces of combos or simply guardlock before you've even finished the animation, there's been several times where I've had Marked Ones dodge INTO my attack that would have missed and Parry/Absorb before the animation has finished to full combo or take the majority of my health away, now I normally wouldn't have any issue with this, it's simple computer VS. human interaction, but these characters are so ♥♥♥♥ing tanky it'd give Destiny bosses a run for their money. Enemies that'll full absorb your combos or simply do something that a human could never do.But in the end, I still this infuriating game, simply because of PVP.The player vs. player gameplay is some of the best mano-a-mano combat you could ask for, when the servers are working of course. Fluid combos where players can trow literally anything at you, high kick into low punch into hammer kick? hell yeah. illision twist kick into palm into pulling out a sword and shanking a ♥♥♥♥♥? hell yeah.This game has a metric ♥♥♥♥ton of issues, bad servers, horiffic PVE, strange input delay, but, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic multiplayer experience coop and player vs player. I really hope Sloclap and Devolver can fix little issues here and there and this game would honestly be one of my favorite.Currently i cannot recommend the game for the 30 dollar tag, but if it's on sale, very much worth a pickup"
76561198059857882,Recommended,473690,34625872,Posted: 30 August,all,AssJackal,"TL: NGRGreat action-rpg fighter with tight controls and control when building one's style. Would reccomend it to most, even those who are not originally fans of the ""fighter"" genre.Pros:+Combat is tight, and responsive.+Visuals are inspired and offer diffrent arcitechtural areas.+Deck building is fun, and never feels overly complicated, but can be and is extremely deep.+PvP never really feels like a burden, even when the other players feels the need to attack, usually it never feels one-sided (can be a con, see con section below)+the PVE is compitent and will train you to understand the mechanics well.+weapons while powerful, don't feel OVER powered.Meh:+/- Story is a hit or a miss, i feel it leaves a little too much out in hopes you will fill in the gaps, while that works for some games (I.E Dark souls, ) it still needs more then what we are given in order to have a foundation, it's never really covered.+/- While the equipemnt is varied and looks unique, sometimes early on i found it hard to find anything that didn't make me look like i shop in a dumpsterCon:- Servers currently, but thats being worked on, so thats not really a long term thing, but they have been super intermiten.-Amount of content can seem small, when you realise you will be repeating areas again and again with higher AI,-Game relies alot on a good multiplay community to drive it, as well as updates from the developer for the game not to stagnate or flounder.-For the love of god, someone thought it was a good idea for two npc's to fight you at the same time in some situations instead of it being 1v1 which is what this game was designed around. Realisticly. this is my only true gripe. And i feel that alot of testing had to have been done to get this as tight as it is and no one thought to say ""Gee this sure seems not fun and clunky for the system, maybe we should just keep it to 1v1 unless pvp or boss fight?"" Come on.All in all this is a great game, it's the game i wanted For Honor to be. It's tight, offers alot of customisation with both the apperence of your warrior and his style, This game will live and breathe by content and how much of it is realised after as well as the community, i feel that on the whole there is alot here in the meat, but not enought to keep people around for hours on end. Time will tell, But pick it up in the mean time."
76561198084697240,Recommended,473690,34629105,Posted: 31 August,all,Brendan,"Absolver is a 3rd person fighting game with a short campaign (4 hours), and a focus on PvP.Pros- Responsive combat that punishes spamming and rewards thinking and reaction time- Interesting and fairly unique combat mechanics (deck building, Style picking and a school/mentor system)- well optimised- Souls like fashion- plenty of variation in the combat- top quality animations with a good balance of predictability and effectiveness (allowing for defence to not be a guessing game)- no gameplay altering microtransactions (yet)Neutral- 4 hour campaign (the game is multiplayer focused so this point depends on the person playing)- non-linear levels (some may get lost/ not have the patience to find where they need to go)- story mostly presented through item descriptions- It is too early to say whether there are any balance issues with the multiplayer- Simple and colourful art style- Only thing to do is fight and build a deck (It is a fighting game after all though)Cons- Lack of Oceana Servers (devs have said they will be released 01/09/2017)- apparent server issues (devs have also said it will be fixed by 01/09/2017, I'm Australian so I haven’t been able to play online)- fighting more than 1 enemy at a time can feel spammy (but personally it never really halted my progress)"
,Not Recommended,473690,34593204,Posted: 29 August,all,Grave,"Not sure why everyone is listing their reviews as ""not recommended."" This game is incredibly fun and the combat feels fantastic.The first experience I had when exiting the safe player hub area was a PvP fight against someone named @realDonaldTrump. He was using what appeared to be Wrath of the Gods from Dark Souls and healing, and I had no idea how to do either of them.I look forward to getting into the PvP scene and farming for cosmetics!EDIT: Scratch all of that. This is a huge disaster. If they don't fix the latency problems and server connectivity issues ASAP, the game will lose all of its potential fanbase. Until then, this is a negative review."
,Recommended,473690,34597010,Posted: 29 August,all,Field Medi-Kun,"Games pretty good. Not a whole lot in the way of story, but the gameplay itself is pretty great.After 3 action packed hours with some confusion and some struggling, I have ascended to the next step of the game, and will be able to start helping other players through their ascention.I would describe Absolver as a fighting game with some (potentially ""souls-esque"") multiplayer elements. You craft a fight deck from moves that you learn by avoiding hits from enemies, and just beating them sometimes, into your own customised fighting style.The art and environments feel quite desolate and lonely for the most part, being worn down towns, swamps, and forrests, all inhabited by fight-ready enemies, player and AI alike.I cant wait to play more though."
,Recommended,473690,34625386,Posted: 30 August,all,FateOR,"This game is great. If you're looking for a pure PvP fighting experience, then this is for you. The servers have had a few issues, but it's been out a day.People are complaining about a lack of OCE servers. Well, they've added them. Devs are obviously working hard to get everything sorted."
76561198377659444,Recommended,473690,34627396,Posted: 30 August,all,Bacon Man,"pretty good , but theres not alot to do in the game other than fight and loot"
,Recommended,473690,34627408,Posted: 30 August,all,Insayno,"Difficult, and it brings out my inner salty demon, but it's definitely worth the money."
76561198311710586,Recommended,473690,34627106,Posted: 30 August,all,El Hook,"EPIC gameeee!!!!!!! all I have to say, eff the haters"
,Recommended,473690,34627135,Posted: 30 August,all,Synth Fox,"I've been following this game for quite a few months, and have been very excited. And honestly, it's well worth the wait. For a little less then 30$, its a great game with amazing potential if the devs keep it up.Pros: +Amazing Combat system+Beautiful stylized graphics+Deep Customization with deck editor+Unique move leveling systemCons: -Short PvE story-Sound is a bit lackluster-Currently no ranked progression after leveling-Server issues (To be fixed soon)"
,Recommended,473690,34627201,Posted: 30 August,all,Nani?Omae wa mou shindeiru!,"Сюжетка оооочень маленькая,а сервера лагают.Но игра хороша"
,Recommended,473690,34626642,Posted: 30 August,all,frog,"Exceptional artstyle, deep gameplay and fun PvP.Long story short as of writing the online lag is terrible, and causes you to teleport around the map constantly, I've also suffered from several crashes.Great fun, but I pray they fix some of these issues."
,Recommended,473690,34702503,Posted: 2 September,all,MutinyMate,One of the best indie games out there. Game has very dedicated devs and excellent (though complex) melee combat.
,Recommended,473690,34702341,Posted: 2 September,all,Toxic Rick,amazing game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers
76561198011705037,Recommended,473690,34702286,Posted: 2 September,all,Commander Roo,"I love almost everything about this game.Gameplay wise, The fighting styles and combos are so well thought out, and really do make each fight challenging. The fact you can string your own combos together, with very VERY few limitations, it makes it impossible to pre-predict your opponents combat style and combos. Which means you have to learn your opponent's stance, style and combos on the fly.I know the game has only just recently been released, but unlike other games i'm playing these days, Absolver really brings out the respect between players.Storywise, it doesn't tell you much about the world, and leaves you to just sort of... wonder, and explore. And it's awesome. I mean, I might feel more immersed if i could WALK, but the art style is unique in its own way, and while you're exploring, you're never really lost. Which is a hard balance to acheive.10/10"
76561198014161697,Recommended,473690,34702051,Posted: 2 September,all,Ahhn,"SummaryAbsolver is a Mechanical Masterpiece but its not a AAA game; which isn't a bad thing.The GoodThe game is mechanical masterpiece and can easily lose hours just in the combat practice alone.Adal's Minimalist look gives it an almost like its a painting; along with that has interlocked areas and no loading screensThe rpg elements though standard is changed up by how you learn new moves through fighting and no reliance on rng except for when it comes to loot but feels more active then any MMO rpg style systemThe online encounter system is really a cool system and executed well giving the illusion of an active worldThe Devs being indie are very on top of the game and feel human when it comes to problems. Bug fixes and errors are swiftly sorted out, hell they got the OCE server up in two days after release.The MehStraight up the online suffers as of currently but has majorly improved since release coming to a more stable experience but much like any other game if your internet not up to snuff then its offline for you.Voice acting could have been added even if it was in their own unique languageMusic is somewhat forgettable but does feel correct for the games toneThe F**k is an absolver [ Lore is more vague then dark souls if you believe that]Though its militaristic it could use a bit more spice; like more off the slapping npc pleaseFor $30 the package as a whole is for myself worth it's value (do note I pre-ordered it but AUD Still ends up at $30)"
,Not Recommended,473690,34701991,Posted: 2 September,all,大鸟,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ server, impossible to operate, The story is just similar to infinity blade (repetition)"
76561198127995139,Recommended,473690,34700466,Posted: 2 September,all,Son of Harambe,The game is good. The bugs are not. Hopefully they get the bugs fixed soon.
,Recommended,473690,34700471,Posted: 2 September,all,Invection,"Games good, has a few issues but the combat feels good. Main issues are currently being resolved such as server issues for launch week & some rare hacking."
76561198014939557,Recommended,473690,34700490,Posted: 2 September,all,Boomie,"8/10 if it wasnt so buggy, and have server issuesGet your task manager ready.if you like mount and blade or other melee combat games, this has THE BEST system BY FAR.Endgame content seems lacking. just train. and learn. you get to make a school and teach as well. (i havent made a school yet). very grindy. kinda small map with only one thing to do in it really, fight.good customization, mostly with your moves and fighting style.i cant wait for the sequel and or addon content already."
,Not Recommended,473690,34700452,Posted: 2 September,all,Rusyn,Originally recommended this game. Am downgrading review until they fix the constant server issues they've had for the near week since launch. Do not buy.
,Recommended,473690,34698761,Posted: 2 September,all,BORK LAZER,"So, to start off with and just to get it out of the way; Absolver has had some launch issues. Their lack of an anticheat has been noted by others, but I'd just like to say that I have yet to encounter a hacker or any other form of cheating. The biggest issue to me is that Absolver's servers, at the moment, are absolutely terrible (when people say this game is like a kung-fu crossover of Dark Souls and For Honor, they're mostly referring to the server issues when they compare it to For Honor.)However, I'm going to give a review of the game itself. Absolver, in my opinion, is the best, most well balanced ""fighting"" game in years. I put ""fighting"" in quotes because I feel like the term is only used in relation to 2D fighters, but I honestly don't know what else to call it. It's a game about fighting, learning how to fight, and learning to to keep yourself from getting beaten.First and foremost the community for this game, at the time of writing, is one of the best I've ever encountered. There's almost universally a ""code of conduct."" Duels nearly always begin each round with each opponent bowing to each other. I've had matches where I accidentally slip off a ledge, and the enemy will intentionally jump off a ledge just to even it up. At one point, I met a player who  was much weaker than myself and decided to have some fun at his expense and beat him up. I revived him afterwards, he attacked me again, and I beat him again. Shortly after he friended me. I expected to get flamed for attacking lower level players - instead he asked for advice, my deck build, what stats I had leveled, and general strategy. I know not everybody is going to be like that and there are 100% going to be rude players - like that one guy who refused to bow to me who was thrown off the edge of the map three times, serves you right - but the community at the moment is so enjoyable that it makes any flaws with the game (aside from the servers) negligible.The gameplay is stellar. Absolver, at its core, is a fighting game like no other that I'm aware of. There aren't any combos. There's no move set. You create your own. The level of customization in terms of fighting is fantastic, and if the devs follow through on their promise of adding more fighting styles and moves, it's only going to get better. If you like high mobility and dodging attacks constantly, there's movesets and a class for that. If you're a brawler who enjoys putting out an onslaught of attacks that are difficult to keep up with, or somebody that likes playing defensively and picking your attacks carefully, you can do it. It's probably the first fighting game I've played where you don't find a character that fits your style, you make your own style.At the moment, the single player content is somewhat lackluster. The PvE content is not intended to be the main focus, but rather a tutorial for the PvP. PvE is simply for learning the mechanics of the game and having your character learn new moves.Speaking of which, learning new moves *is* a bit tedious, but I feel like it's also a fantastic way to get better at defense. It's one of those things that probably needs to be tedious - you can learn a move slowly by blocking it over and over again, but you learn it much more quickly by demonstrating that you understand the timing/flow of the move and using your parry/dodge/absorb to stop it.Overall, I'd give Absolver a 10 for the price it charges. If this were a 60$ game it would probably be a 8 or 9, simply due to the fact that there isn't that much content, but for 30$ this game is fighting well above its weight class. I've bought much worse games for much more. If you're looking to play Absolver, I'll just say this;Be patient. Don't get frustrated with the game. It's not the game's fault if you lose (unless it's legitimately lag.) One thing Absolver takes from Dark Souls is probably the most parroted phrase in gaming history - git gud. Patience and strategy is more important in this game than you'd think. That being said, if you keep a level head, you absolutely won't regret buying this game.If the servers aren't fixed by the end of September, however, this game drops to a 7. No online means the main purpose of the game is gone."
76561198030707033,Recommended,473690,34698762,Posted: 2 September,all,Spiral,Best combat in any game for a long time.
,Recommended,473690,34698767,Posted: 2 September,all,Ë̼̬́̅ͬ͐͂̆sp͗͌̽er,"Short.Sweet.To the point.PvP is pretty solid but you do occasionally get the shaft, a little tweaking of the combat deck and an alternative outcome could easily have come about.Aside from the occasional blackout of the servers they do a better job of allowing coop, free roam with other players, and less time to find matches than For honor, which is a boon since they left me in the corner with a strict nat I can do nothing about.The only real grind is that you need to block or dodge moves you have not learned from other players or npcs in the world and the level cap is currently at 60 but pads it out less than other games which is nice in today's cesspool of grind-a-thons and e-sport wanna be games by comparison.For the price, it's a little steep unless you are a kung fu fan but a solid game which doesn't burn your computer with over the top graphics so most should be able to have no issue on their end with a moderate setup."
,Recommended,473690,34698696,Posted: 2 September,all,INDiGO,"Absolver is what I would describe as a short story told using a set of well designed fight mechanics, with a deeper level of 1v1 focused end game.The combat is best related to For Honor, and is in my opinion more balanced and less open to abuse.Combat Deck system and the way you unlock moves and stances is really cool, rewarding experience that promotes player interaction and makes learning and leveling up feel fun, not just a chore.The level design clearly take inspiration from the soulsborne series; it's quite a nice minimalistic take on it.Player interaction is also similar to the series, but more seamless and ambiguous - as you can go from trying to kill each other to trying to kill the AI together in an instant.The story is fairly short and can be done in a couple hours, but IMO this is not an issue as it is a fighting game and the primary focus is the fighting mechanics and PvP 1v1s.There are stats and you do level up and get stronger but the effect they have is smaller than you would think, making skill more important.The game feels definitely worth the price tag, and could be even more worth it as the developers push the game.I've only touched on the surface of the game as a game. The narrative is simple and enjoyable as it teaches you the game, and the end game unlocks are a nice touch.Overall I'd give it a 6.5 *currently*. but I am REALLY into the mechanics and aesthetics of it.As they add more features such as the ability to 1v1 friends in the arena, 3v3 arena, and some quality of life changes (a healthy amount of bugs) I could spend a lot more time on the game and enjoying it as a much better alternative to For Honor.What the game ABOSLUTELY needs, is ANY anticheat, and the more settings options. I can't stand motion blur and it makes the game less enjoyable for me. If these two issues alone are fixed I'd give it a 8.5 with potential for a 9 if they fix the QoL stuff. I assume a good amount of things will be fixed over time as they are an indie dev and have growing pains I'm sureIf you want a good fighting game primarily focused on 1v1s with well designed and customizable mechanics you'll like Absolver.If you're looking for a longer story or more stat heavy RPG mechanics, Absolver is not for you."
,Recommended,473690,34698527,Posted: 2 September,all,CruX,Fun unique fighting game.
76561197975498171,Recommended,473690,34698577,Posted: 2 September,all,LegendaryMotives,Its a lot of fun
,Recommended,473690,34698578,Posted: 2 September,all,hamnrolls,"This review won't be in-depth.I was referred to this game little before the games release. I originally thought i would absolutely hate the game based on the fighting mechanics, because of Ubisoft's terrible game: For Honor.This game is absolutely incredible. The fighting is awesome. The soundtrack is incredible and the graphics/artwork is beautiful.Although it has a few bugs; falling into the map (only twice), and a few more.I highly recommend anyone purchases the game. There is a lot to come in the future of the game. But 10/10 in my book. Will definitely place every day!"
76561198046287910,Not Recommended,473690,34674408,Posted: 1 September,all,Lt. Narros,This game's server are bad that i can't even get more then 2 1v1 matchs in without getting kicked offline or some strange bug where i can't controll my character. This is so upseting that it makes me want to go back to for honor because 98% of the 1v1 duels in for honor that i had i never got disconected or needed to restart the game 2 times to keep playing.
,Recommended,473690,34699274,Posted: 2 September,all,Elggarin,"Hardcore 3rd person PVP combat in the same genre as For Honor, Blade Symphony and Dark souls.DO NOT buy this for PvE, story or lore based reasons.DO NOT buy this for you're looking for an classic Fighting Game Community-esque fighting game.DO buy this if you liked pvp combat in dark souls but found it too simplistic.DO buy this if you like a fighter that's not as mechanically demanding but requires levels of mind games.DO buy this if you prefer offense-oriented fighting (compared to turtle/dodge heavy FH/Dark souls combat)"
76561198042624876,Not Recommended,473690,34699361,Posted: 2 September,all,Gordan Ramsay,"The game is fun, but the servers ♥♥♥♥ing suck."
,Recommended,473690,34699308,Posted: 2 September,all,Taehyung,"Absolver is a really, really fun fighting gameIf you are looking for a game with a compelling story and amazing single player experience, you may be disappointed. However, if you are looking for a game with smooth combat mechanics and heavy PVP oriented gameplay... you might be in for a treat. Absolver does a lot of things wrong and could use some improvement which I will get into later but what it does right is the combat and PVP. The game has a big learning curve but once you do master it and understand the game mechanics (e.g, goldchaining, feint, etc)  it feels amazing, PVP matches can be one of the most exhilerating experiences in gaming if matched against opponents of similar skill level and leaves you craving for more battles.However... there are a few problems with this game. Currently, the game has some server issues that need to be addressed. Servers go down, a lot. There does not seem to be a pattern as to when or how long but it does happen and when it does, there really is not too much to do offline once you have finished the story other than grinding for some gear pieces from mobs or learning their moves. Additionally, there is also a minor camera issue when you are being cornered in combat, it becomes very wonky and at some point you may not even be able to see your character anymore or tell what is going on.Nevertheless, Absolver is a fun game with it's fair share of problems and isnota full priced title. It is definitely worth the $30 and I look forward to more updates for this game in the future."
,Recommended,473690,34699307,Posted: 2 September,all,Black☆Jesus,I was able to make this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_a_77ApcYg&feature=youtu.be&a=
,Recommended,473690,34621943,Posted: 30 August,all,Skȯrn,Im loving this game!!!!
76561198095215734,Recommended,473690,34685119,Posted: 2 September,all,GingerPhoenix,"Absolver is a fun game with a relativly unique game mechanic in it's combat built into a intriguing world with a somewhat unique art style. This is both a comment on the game and my opion as well as a list of all problems with balancing, game design and bugs that I personally came accross.In my opion Absolver is an enjoyable game with a lot of potential. If you like MMO's with a focus on combat then pick it up if you have the money. However i would suggest that you hold off for now as the game is a bit of a bug ridden mess at the moment so wait for the Winter Sale or something and get it then when most of the bugs will be fixed (hopefully).Absolver is a game that struggles with a combination of two game genres that go against each other. It is basically an MMO fighting game, however this comes with a set of problems which Absolver suffers from. The main problem that comes with this is balancing the games enemies. If you make the enemies to easy the game is boring because it lacks any challenge and you can pretty much one-shot every enemy with a single combo. If you make the enemies too hard, you can't beat any of them if you are forced into a 2 v 1 (or more) situation because you get stun locked.The best way to descibe fights like those is this, imagine playing a fighting game, like Street Fighter, but instead of one opponent you have two, sure you can win but it won't be easy and you most likely won't unless your really over leveled (remember this is an MMO). Absolver is at the latter of the spectrum, the enemies are too strong to reliably kill any of them solo if you are attacked by two or more. This wouldn't be too much of a problem but the aggro system is also badly balanced, you either attract all of them or none.Another problem with the enemies in Absolver is there AI. They wil always pull off a parry or dodge, etc. if the attempt one because they dont have a programed thinking time (at least in my experience). I also had a problem witht the game design itself, Guidance Bridge is the tutorial island for the game and the first area has three exits, the big obvious door to your left is not the way you are suppoesed to go first (just a little tid-bit really). I would make a list of bugs I encountered now but the list would be long so here's two of the most game breaking ones; you can lose all input capabilities randomly execpt moving (the animations play halfway then end) and sometimes two sets of enemies will spawn, including the mini bosses.In conclusion, Absolver has a bug and balancing issue at the moment, but most new MMO's do so just wait it out and join later when they have been delt with (unless you don't care, in which case pick it up it's a really fun game)."
,Recommended,473690,34705744,Posted: 3 September,all,KnightEmUp,"Absolver is an amazing fighting game, needs a little more content but still worth it"
,Not Recommended,473690,34648881,Posted: 31 August,all,Baud,"After all my time in the game, this is not a good fighting game. Let's look past the fact there's no anti-cheat yet and it's so easy to abuse.The only viable PVP build is to go speed attacks. If you pick the wrong class, good luck. You won't be able to dodge anything or block anything and players will just land huge combos on you. It becomes a game of who lands first. As a Windfall class build, I can't even dodge most attacks even though my class is entirely based around dodge.Don't even worry about building your deck. Stack 3 fast moves with a long range and your opponent will never escape. All you have to do is worry about landing it.Content is completely lacking, the game takes 3 hours to beat tops, then it's repetitive arenas fighting the same playstyle over and over again because it's the only thing that works. The servers are never even up. They say they're working on it, but the game has so many problems. It looks good and the PvE combat can be fun, but there's too little variation in it and the PvP is a toxic repitition of who has the fastest skills and the most stamina. The game has a lot of potential, but right now there's no depth."
,Recommended,473690,34592524,Posted: 29 August,all,🦊狐桜花,"As a kind of fighting game it does so many things right. I was excited about it from the first trailers I ever saw long before launch, and I pre-purchased it as soon as I could, which is a risk these days with so many games. But I'm glad to say I feel like Absolver gave me my money's worth and then some.Among the best things about it is that the fighting system, while it has vertical progression (as in you level up and increase your stats), feels very horizontal in that you learn new moves and gather equipment. The moves and equipment generally have pros and cons, and while there are ""powerful"" moves that can deal a lot of damage, usually these are too easy to read and punish.On that note, that's another thing this game does so well, which I think is an important part of any fighting game really: punishing mistakes. If you attempt to spam your attacks or defensive skills, you will likely lose. Button mashing is almost suicidal in this game, probably moreso than any other fighting game. The NPC AI is very responsive and will punish you for using slow moves. However, it goes both ways, and if you're good at understanding the kinds of moves your opponent can do, you can punish them as well. Patience and observation, movement, positioning, timing, etc., all pay off, especially when fighting tougher opponents or multiple opponents.Going back to progression, I feel like this game really captures the whole concept of martial arts as being a path or journey. I feel like even when fighting nameless grunts, each battle could turn sour. Each battle you can learn something new, both in terms of points of experience for learning new moves, and in terms of your own personal skill of understanding how to fight. I find myself going back again and again to the same enemies just to practice sparring with them. And that's a great thing for me, when combat in the game with non-boss characters doesn't feel like a grind, but a challenge.One negative point though is that online mode is pretty laggy for me. However, it should be noted I play from Japan. But in its current state, the lag is so bad it's pretty much unplayable. The kind of lag this game gets is rubberbanding, so you'll see even AI enemies look like they're teleporting if there's another player in the same area with high ping. You rubberband too, and I fell into a hole once because of that.Also, the single player campaign doesn't seem to have a map you can access any time. You need to go to shrines or the ""Guidance Bridge"" area to see the map of your progress. It took me a while to understand who my next target is supposed to be, and even if you know you're in the right area, you don't know where they might be hiding.In addition, I think this game could really use some throw/grab mechanics, and actual riposte mechanics (block/parry + attack simultaneously). I feel it could really further deepen the play style choices and even speed up the combat a bit, as it'll prevent guard turtling and punish people who spam only fast attacks in PvP.I think all in all though this game is so worth it, even at full price. If you like fighting games, especially martial arts, this is a great game to pick up."
,Recommended,473690,34620377,Posted: 30 August,all,OPskin.Bos$cAt,really nice game to playREALLY BAD SERVER TO PLAY !!!!!no chance to connect to the server !!!!!
,Recommended,473690,34690094,Posted: 2 September,all,Ashandari,"The online play can be a little bit laggy, the world is a bit claustrophobic, and the AI likes to gang up.  But I'll be damned if the community isn't pretty great and the fights are tense, exciting, and deeply rewarding.  Well worth it."
76561198065611201,Recommended,473690,34690012,Posted: 2 September,all,Dragonikuze,"The combat and deck building are the best and most unique parts of the game. If you enjoy difficult fighting games and pvp, this game is definitely worth it. Otherwise it's your call."
76561198061578941,Recommended,473690,34687948,Posted: 2 September,all,Chibi,"I don't normally write serious reviews, but this game deserves it. The level of customization is fantastic, the combat is fluid with a high skill-ceiling, and you won't be winning by just mashing buttons. The PvE is short, but it can be a fun little distraction every now and then, and the wordless interaction you have with other players can make for some unique moments. But it's the PvP that should be the determining factor on whether you buy the game, and with how thrilling the combat is now plus more free features promised down the line, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,473690,34609055,Posted: 30 August,all,Professor Cheng,"This game is fun as hell, reminds me of dark souls with kung fu. Cant wait for more updates and whatnot"
,Recommended,473690,34687769,Posted: 2 September,all,Neulis,"A very fun martial-arts based PvP game. The skill-ceiling can be quite high but when you get in the rhythm it can be very satisfying. Whislt the PvE content is rather lacking, it's a good way of introducing the various styles and moves and lets you learn them to put in your own combo strings.The game is unquestionably focussed on fighting other players, made evident by some things locked behind your PvP rank, including harder versions of bosses and creating your own fighting school. I recommend the game if you're happy to do that, but if you're only interested in more single player content, for now I would go elsewhere"
76561198114373812,Recommended,473690,34691658,Posted: 2 September,all,LtGigglebubbles,"I have a terrible internet connection, so offline mode was a saving grace. The combat is challenging, but undeniably fair and even has mechanics built in to it that promote proper timing, waiting, etc. As long as you know what you're getting into, this game is great!"
76561198013779465,Recommended,473690,34690971,Posted: 2 September,all,Calendar Man,"A great atmospheric brawler with tons of potential. Devs are dedicated to improving the game and its worth the ticket price. Not a lot of content at release, but replayability is extremely high."
,Recommended,473690,34690998,Posted: 2 September,all,KOALLE,I like.
,Recommended,473690,34691211,Posted: 2 September,all,The Woodchuck would chuck none,"This game is new, refreshing and very, very addictive. Worth a buy. Hope the servers get fixed outside the US and EU."
76561198032082395,Recommended,473690,34691326,Posted: 2 September,all,Abslover,"Devs have had a lot of server issues.when servers are working, fantastic ♥♥♥♥ing game.when not, you cant pvp, detracts a lot from it.When they get servers settled it will be a great game."
,Not Recommended,473690,34690624,Posted: 2 September,all,Oracle,"Absolver is a game with a great art direction, interesting mechanics and tight, responsive and fun gameplay. The PvE content isn't too long, but with a very customisable skillset and unique mechanics for three or four styles, you can really tailor your fighting style to suit your preferences, and progress by learning new moves and building on what you learn as you play. The game is pretty, it runs smoothly, and the combat features a intuitive and interesting enough to provide a great PvP experience....so why am I not recommending?Because Absolver suffers from just about every woe you would expect it to, given the context of its release. Sloclap is an indie developer, and this seems to be their first big title. Absolver has also garnered enough attention to gather a reasonable playerabse, and there's no shortage of players to fill their servers. The servers just can't handle it, and the core mechanics of the game, polished as they might appear, do not handle the lag well. Not at all. As you enter new areas you might find parts of the world failing to load in, or loading in far too late; you can become stuck, walk into what turns out to be a wall, or areas you shouldn't be. You can discover enemies, both NPCs and players, that have yet to load in properly; they will be invisible, or warp randomly around, still able to hurt you, whilst sometimes being impervious to damage themselves. Sometimes new players will enter your instance and cause sudden immense framedrops as they load in. You might try to team up with your friends, only to be greeted with errors and infinite loading screens; one of you will inevitably have to log out and back in again for it to work, during which time the game might just outright crashAbsolver is a game that is very clearly, and openly oriented towards PvP. Account for the above issues with poor server support, game-breaking lag and loading screens that lead to crashes, and you just don't end up with a good experience. As a game, it's fantastic. It's wonderful. I could forgive a few bugs here and there. I could forgive the minimalistic explanations, the oddities in the labyrinthian map design and the occasional design oversight. ...but as an -online- game, Absolver just isn't well-supported enough right now. It's close, It's REALLY close. ...but it is just apparent that there are just too many bugs and too few good servers available."
,Recommended,473690,34691412,Posted: 2 September,all,Arte,"Okay so here it is:Graphics:1. They aren't pushing any limits with textures but the coloring is on point as well as the shading. If you're thinking of buying this game for high end graphics then thats a no go here.2. There is also a mechanical issue with the game that kind of hurts the graphics as well... What I mean by that is you character is a visual representation of the style of play you've chosen. If you are going light armor then you really have no options on how to look. I'm not saying I want to have a panda mount, just that you really hurt your optimization in order to look cool.2a. The best character for speed is basically wearing nothing, you'll do more damage with certain moves as well as dodge much further and faster. So if you want to be badass and look the part then this isn't the game for you... unless you go with strength in which case then this is the game for you.3. There are a few bugs graphically where certain items will stretch across the screen. What I mean is a shoulder pad another player is wearing may graphically strech across the screen. It doesn't happen very often though but is pretty bad when it does.4. Level design is deceptively simple in this game, and each map has a lot going on in its background... probably more than whats going on in the area you are in. It left me hoping that eventually they would expand on the content.5. Animation is mostly on point there are a few transition problems but this is by far some of the better animations for characters out there. I'd love to see a full on mmo with this kind of combat. I could picture D&D working with this.Music::1. Again nothing to write home about, its transic background fluff mostly, even in combat amazingly as most of your energies will be bent on reading your opponents attacks and raging when you timed a dodge perfectly but they attack so fast you get hit by the 2nd attack before you could finish your dodge animation... Anyway, the music doesn't hurt the game either and its noticable and for me at least missed when it isn't there.Gameplay::1. The games genre says fighting game so I'll judge it accordingly. If this was an mmo or an rpg with a strong fighting component then I'd be far more forgiving here but it isn't saying all of that and is branding itself as a fighting/action game. Without going into the definition of ""Action"" in gaming history I'll note that any leniency in my game play review comes from that and that they are still updating this game... and with that said I will add that I do miss the days when games were launched completed.2. For the price this game offers still too little, what I mean is the content can be cleared in a matter of 2 or 3 hours. The worst that could happen is you go up the stairs or to the left from the first interesting looking area with the tablet. If you do that and are not using a guide figure in another 3-6 hours until you realize going to the right exit would lead you past areas you could handle more in line with the learning curve. So yes there is a actual design to the game that introduces you to enemy mechanics (and in turn your own) but there is no attempt to help new players on getting on that path.3. Multiplayer is there as well and its... a mixed bag... friendly fire is fine but it doesn't do anything to benefit the gameplay experience, you kind of just end up having to deal with teammates who actually want to help but are doing more harm than good sometimes. Single player is well lonely and reveals how lonely the world is very quickly to put it plainly the adventure part to this game has no consistent narrative and as such the world in single player feel like a lonely place.4. Difficulty, this is either a good or a bad thing, there is no aoe finisher style moves like assassins creed, enemies have no qualms about putting the ""ganging"" in ""ganging up"". While it really comes down to decks certain styles just do not work when facing multiple opponents.5. Controls are pretty solid its amazing how they got everything to fit to 2 buttons, there are things that need work with the game mechanics but controls are not a problem.6. Stances, this is the games selling point as a fighting game so how does it work? Very well actually... as a fighting game this game does a very simple job of letting you fight. Is it imbalanced? Name me a fighting game that wasn't imbalanced. Imbalance isn't the issue, the issue is wether low tier builds stand a chance against high tier? The answer sadly is no not really. Some styles are amazing by comparison one that gets you super armor, one that slows the enemy when you counter them are amazing enough next to the two that let you dodge. Combine that with things like super armor attacks and quick fire attacks that can be further sped up with timing and looping and you have a pretty big issue.6a. Above I alluded to dodging not really being so effective, well lets use the stagger stance (drunken boxing) dodge for example. At the end of each of its stances it has an attack. This attack is very predictable and easily parryable. The whole dodge takes long enough that in most cases you can respond to it with a parry or super armor. In the case of parry you can then punish them with whatever you want really. Also with stagger, dodging back gives you an invincibility frame, except that the frame is about 1/5th the animation. The game rewards you crystals for sucessful dodging which can be used as a way to verify if you've dodged... unless you use the stagger stance dodge back which can still get pummeled by certain special attacks that may be longer in animation. Apply the same situation but to fast attackers who will throw out 3 attacks before you finish that dodge.6b. There are folks who say that the meta is counterable and are advocates of that finding a stronger deck combo will counter the various meta people use. In truth if two different meta were to meet however most already know which would win. I wont spoil it here but a quick google search will be up people begining to realize it.6c. The good thing is the developers are paying attention to things like this and are updating the game.7. Grinding is present but it is not korean mmo level. You can hit cap level in about 10 hours, but it isn't worth it. Enemies scale and they are after a point deadly no matter what. So in my honest opinion the game punishes you far more than rewards you for gaining levels. Enemies essentially become hp walls later. The good thing is you get to see first hand which builds are far superior because at 60th level enemies start doing things with those builds at a stupid level... I mean if I could use windfall like the boss npc could and jump over high attacks or duck under low attacks... I'd be god of windfall... or a hacker.Overall is it worth it?::As an adventure game no not really, it has some level design quirks that lends itself to a bit of exploration despite being linear in most cases.As a Fighting game average, it has moments of high adrenaline higher intensity but if you are going with the meta then it comes down to luck at the end of the day.As a Martial Arts game; ya, oh man you know it has a lot of martials moves and he sound of the impact is great some of the moves don't really make sense with the styles they are in but thats fine, after all thats what schools are about.Base Line::: 6/10Still better than most other game out there right now and it is quite unique. If they expand on the game some more down the road then I'd expect I could only enjoy it more and more."
76561198111855736,Recommended,473690,34619645,Posted: 30 August,all,Gemen The Lemon,"I used to hate MMOs but damn this game made me change my opion quickly. The controls are amazing, the graphics and map are all so unique, and finally the bosses there challenging and easy in the same way. Good game!"
,Recommended,473690,34627015,Posted: 30 August,all,Zen,"I have been playing this game non stop since release, so here is a little bit about it:Story mode is fairly short, but even after completion, you discover bits of lore through the same boss fights done at different combat levels. The first cut scene is different from the second and third and so on. I beat the story in just under 5 hours i'd say. PvP is addicting, but servers are wonky at the moment. Not that I didn't expect this, it's just sort of a pain.As you progress through combat levels (PvP) you unlock new stuff and level your character to try and out wit your opponent. Stats are incremental increases (Not a crazy difference between a level 30 and a level 50) so it's not too bad when your facing higher level players.In my opinion classes are pretty balanced. You just really need to learn how to use them if you're interested in a specific one. And even if you aren't, you're able to create your own fighting school at combat level 50, which does take a lot of grinding, but it's something to work towards.Pro's:Addicting combat and PvPGame is very well optimized graphiclystory is interested, makes you want to know what the absolver world is all aboutProgression gets increasingly difficult as you level, NPC's have better AI and gear and suchCon's:Servers are literally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ right now, sometimes they crash MID PvP, which is frustratingCan be repetitive fighting NPC'sStory mode or offline play is pretty short, and if you aren't Pvping you're missing a lot of the gameThis game will make you baby rage even if you're a zen master(hehe)Gear doesn't do a heck of a lot stat wise, just looks cool for the most partBeing a high level doesn't mean you win, you could get owned by a new player who really knows his combat style (Maybe not a con?)All in all, it's a great game. Love the art style, love how well it runs, love the concept and love the combat. Just don't buy this game if you're a heavy PvPer looking for non stop PvPness. Servers will make you very upset.Fix the servers devs! :D"
,Recommended,473690,34626919,Posted: 30 August,all,kaz,"The game is still very rough with its bugs being the main problem and me not understanding how the loot system works, but is very much worth its price just because how amazing the gameplay feels and how open it is.i have had infuriating moments with combat decks that others use though, and fear that meta decks become a thing and seeing unique decks becomes rare.TL;DR rough on the edges, still worth it if you like the genre"
,Recommended,473690,34586761,Posted: 29 August,all,Hackerman,"the game, so far, seems very good and runs very well on my budget computer. the pvp is very fun and the loot feels deserved (edit: theres a lot of duplicate loot)the controls are very nice. Basically, youve got four stances that allow to build your own overpowered combo. some attacks (alternative attacks) allow you to change stances (combos) fluently, which makes the combat look much more like a dance (capoeira dlc confirmed?) the combo making is well made, but because you only unlock attacks (theres whole bunch of it) by blocking/avoiding/parrying/absorbing attacks,  the balance between unlocking different stance attacks becomes unbalanced (i got much more upper right stance attacks than anything else) which makes the alternative attacks less useful.the pvp is also very fun. theres not much to say about it because it plays the same as pve.The servers, however, seems like trash from time to time.TL:DR its dark souls and for honor's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child, with destiny's in-out multiplayer"
76561198031756602,Recommended,473690,34624550,Posted: 30 August,all,Monsieur Le Stickman,"This is a very enjoyable game with some minor flaws.it feels quite a bit like dark souls with a very interconnected world and competitve combat system. the biggest problem with the game currently is server issues which will hopefully be resolved soon. Otherwise I have very much enjoyed my time with the game so far. It is mostly a Pvp focused game with u being able to team up or fight other players that join your world. The basic idea of the game is running around exploring and fighting while costumzing ur character with an array of cool armor. Currently there are only 2 weps in the game fight gloves and swords, but the developer has stated plans to add more weps and fighting styles  for free to the game."
,Recommended,473690,34624557,Posted: 30 August,all,CHAZ,"I pre-orderded the game in good faith of finding a new combat game in my library. The game looks amazing and the combat is so fluid and simple. The graphics should be optimized a little bit more. I have random fps drops and some areas are just laggy which can ruin battles. The graphics look really simple but amazing, so there shouldn't be a reason for low fps. The network issues are a constant for me. I played a majority of my hours offline because the servers would be down, and this isn't just a problem for me. The story was a bit bland and short but it is a multiplayer base game, but you can add a bit more lore come on my guy!!! The game is still fresh and has a long way to go! I just hope the devs take the right path in molding this game into the best fighter on steam! It is worth the money, just give it some time. I will be back with another review for the days to come!. GOOD WORK."
,Not Recommended,473690,34624979,Posted: 30 August,all,Dallagen,"When they fix the servers this will become positive. Before then, all content is locked behind a wall."
76561198084370009,Recommended,473690,34625010,Posted: 30 August,all,Nox Dominus,right now there are some server issues but the single player mode is okay from my experience. This is bare-fisted dark souls and is very fun to play
,Recommended,473690,34622886,Posted: 30 August,all,Nivosus,"Before I go into the review I will first say that I am a long time fighting game player and have played in multiple tournaments for different games and have stuck my nose into basically every fighting game that comes to the market. I have been very eager about this game because it felt like For Honor done right. So from here, the review.This game is unquie as games can get. It has influences from For Honor, Dark Souls, and beat'm ups. The online play is done so flawlessly in the sense of people entering your world and giving you the opportunity to team with them, or fight them to the death. Very much in the vein of Dark Souls.The combat is done beautifully and flawlessly, it feels like the first well done martial arts in years. If you are coming from For Honor, the combat has similar feeling to this style of fighting although it has what is known as custom combat decks where you can pick the moves in your combos. These moves start in a specific position and will end in a specific position so you can set your deck up to always end in a certain way or cycle through your combos. The ability to nitpick your moves and set up a fighting style that is unquie to you is what gives this game such a mindblowingly limitless sense of progression and content when it comes to PvP. Never will you encounter people who are running 100% the same deck and it will force you to learn not just moves, but the moves your opponent is using together. This makes the fighting in this game not just a battle of skill, but also a battle of witts. The ability to hide certain combat strings to set up better finishers or to have a deck that is pure fast abilities to try and rush down the opponent, it is what makes this game so amazing.Next is my favorite aspect of the game which is schools, schools can be ran by NPCs and players. You can become the mentor of a school and teach people combat styles and moves, you can be the leader of a group of students. If there is a style you want to master and become better at, this game gives you so many tools to seek out that mastery. I can't even describe how excited I was to unlock schools and finally spar with others in a learning environment and not a PvP environment.All and all I wholeheartedly reccommend this game for the fighting game fans and for people looking for something different, if you love fighting games, but are not extremely keen on playing against other players. This game offers such a deep system in the online and offline play that there are things for everybody to enjoy no matter your skill level or play style.Pros:Extremely fluid combat that feels impactful and rewarding.Massive list of abilities to have large possibilities of movesets of fighting styles.An interactive online mode with open world PvE and PvP amongst players and NPCs.A deep leveling system with progress that matters.Online play that rewards teamwork and creating communities.Cons:Currently the servers are struggling, week 1 of release, but this is an issue that will most definantly be resolved.Camera sometimes feels awful if you are pinned against a wall with multiple enemies blocking you.The lock on system feels good, but switching targets does not if you are fighting more than 3 opponents.Gear generally doesn't feel rewarding due to how stats are given from it, I would rather gear be cosmetic only."
,Recommended,473690,34622894,Posted: 30 August,all,Ra Ra Rasputin,"Not perfect, but only because there could always be more. Yes, the world is small and the story is short, but the game mechanics are unlike any I've ever seen before, and I am eagerly expecting to see what the devs do with this game in the future."
76561198065902539,Recommended,473690,34622904,Posted: 30 August,all,boozehammer,It's a good game get it!
76561197964588534,Not Recommended,473690,34591823,Posted: 29 August,all,tA ~ Herftron,"Absolver is really fun until you have to start using Dodge and Block mechanics which are on thr Right stick w/ a controller.Having to dodge or block in specific directions using the same stick as the camera is a stupid move. Not only is it a joystick with deadzone which makes reacting awful, the camera already sucks which then makes you involuntarily try to adjust it, which then causes you to make a useless block or dodge leaving you open to attack.Really terrible controls that make a great game unbearable to play. Oh, and you can't change the bindings of these dodge abilities because that would make too much sense to put it on a D-Pad."
,Recommended,473690,34622698,Posted: 30 August,all,Fantajim,"Absolutely great game.PVE Content was done for me in about 6-7 hours, there is still some more but that comes at a later stage.Now the fighting part was done just right. I love the stance system and that you learn moves by defending against them.Each Fighting style has a useful mechanic to it and feels fluid. Best thing is you can mix your own moves together and create a school with it when you unlocked it via pvp.PvP is done via the various altars where you queue for 1v1 or by simply walk in the zones and meeting other players.Graphics are really well done and there is lots to customise.Negatives:- Servers are not yet fully stable (just need patience)Overall: Thumbs up from me"
