user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,474210,25876228,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,danyukhin,"I've been following Michał & Co.'s work for over a decade now, beginning with their classic shooter Soldat and following up with games like King Arthur's Gold and Trench Run.Here's a few things I can tell you with absolute certainty: these folks love their tight gameplay and their relentless brutality. Several years ago Michał and Sigvatr (the man behind some controversial internet art) spent some time making a game called ""Berserker"", which was supposed to be the most violent thing ever, but something didn't work out and the project got canned.BUTCHER, I believe, is *the* ultraviolent game that Michał has been wanting to make all these years. It's dark, unforgiving and unrepentant. The gameplay is very no-buIIshit, and so tight that it hurts. Nothing is the game's fault - if you die, it's because you're not good enough. The graphics work really well, leaving just enough to the imagination and giving off a distinct DooM/Quake/Alien vibe. The gore is irreproachable, from the slurping of the shoes against a whole floor of dead humans to the way an entire enemy splatters with blood and pieces around the room due to a chainsaw stuck in their entrails. The soundtrack and sound design are very fitting and well-done, I will definitely be adding the music to my playlist.I recommend BUTCHER wholeheartedly. You might want to avoid it if: you don't like gore; you don't like a challenge; you don't like pixel graphics.METAL AND FLESH"
,Recommended,474210,25879018,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Fishsticks,"Step right up and get your @ss handed to you for only $9I've heard some light comparisons to Deadbolt and Hotline Miami. This is neither.  Those gameS are more akin to puzzle games as you derive a solution after you study the pattern.   Butcher is merely getting your @ss kicked over and over until your reflex skills increase.   Stick with it though as the gameplay is VERY rewarding after a bit of practice.  Butcher is so brutal that I can see alot of folks definitely complaining about the difficulty.  No quicktime events, handholding, or easy mode here folks.  Casual gamers need not apply."
,Recommended,474210,32821120,Posted: 26 June,all,HDoomGuy,"Butcher is a game that is deeply rooted in the violent, gritty run-and-gun games of the mid-to-late 90's, and does a perfect job of recreating that feeling while still retaining its own unique identity.First off, let's talk graphics, since that's the first thing you're probably gonna notice from this game's store page. While taking obvious visual inspiration from Abuse (1996)'s dark and grimy run-and-gun action and the gory violence of Doom, Quake, and even Liero, the game still manages to create its own, entirely consistent low-resolution aesthetic.While this combination of grimy visual style and low pixel count may initially cause concerns regarding the ability to follow the game's difficult, fast-paced gameplay (a concern I shared when I first saw this game), Butcher utilizes well designed tells and bright/high contrast visual cues to allow players to effectively keep track of enemy alertness, status, and line of sight, as well as much-needed health and ammo pickups.The game's Liero-inspired gore system works in perfect tandem with the game's aesthetic and gameplay - splashing, sticking, dangling and dripping all over each level (blood also remains after death, a feature that can be can be disabled in gameplay options) but thanks to good visual design, it never creates unneccessary difficulty by blending in with the enemies and clouding your line of sight.On top of it all, Butcher's visuals really never seriously breaks the illusion of being a 96/97-era MS-DOS game. Everything appears palleted and consistent, even utilizing software-style hard lighting you'd often see from games in that era.The good things continue with Butcher's gameplay.Like many games of the DOS shareware era this game is rooted in, Butcher divides its 21 levels into 5 differently-themed 'episodes' and a boss level. These are accessed through a Quake-style hub/gate level, and entry to each episode is unlocked upon completing the one prior. Levels are designed intuitively and you are usually given enough time to react to sudden traps and enemy reinforcements through both the game's inherent visual design and visible cues built into the level architecture. Traps and environmental hazards in each map can be effectively used against your enemies via the melee attack, and level layouts seem to be designed with both the players movement, weaponset and enemies in constant consideration. Secret areas are also scattered throughout, most of which containing health/ammo, a collectable robot skull, or both.Enemies are diverse and hard, but generally well-balanced, and almost all of them have a reaction time/grace period upon entering their line of sight, an alert/attack state, and a flinch/stun state when taking damage, all of which are accounted for in the game's level design and weaponset. Enemies will teleport in during lockdown/arena sections that are scattered throughout the levels, but a bright electrical effect will always appear where one is about to spawn, giving you enough to to zero in on them and cull them out before you get overwhelmed. On top of this, stronger enemies take noticably longer to spawn in during an arena battle, and have an easily-visible healthbar above their sprites, which makes it much more viable to prioritize them during a shootout.The weapons are one of my favorite elements of Butcher, mostly due to the nuance in their design. The Abuse-style mouse-based aiming system is fluid and easy to use, and each weapon has a limited maximum ammo supply (with the exception of the starting chainsaw) as well as unique applications and situational usefulness throughout the game.The chainsaw can be used very effectively in levels with tight corridors and/or platforms where you can easily get the drop on an enemy, since the chainsaw's rapid damage-rate forces them into what is essentially a stunlock and quickly kills them. It's also incredibly useful against melee enemies for this reason.The shotgun is going to be a common mainstay since it has a ton of use in close-to-mid range combat. It has a incredibly grace period between shots, which is good for helping to get a lock on the next enemy without wasting much ammo.The assault rifle is another weapon you'll find a lot of use from, especially in mid-long range where your shotgun isn't as effective, as well as situations where you need a quick rapid-fire weapon. However, firing this gun rapidly does cause a small amount of screenshake, which can be disorienting, so it's probably recommended to fire in bursts for best accuracy and ammo conservation.The flamethrower is a short-range weapon that is effected by gravity and with flames that ride along the walls and floors, which is great for getting enemies around corners. Like most of the mid-upper tier weapons, certain higher strength enemies have a weakness to the flamethrower.There are a few more weapons in the game than what I've just mentioned, but it's probably best you discover them on your own. It's also worth noting that, while enemies drop health and ammo, the limit on the amount of ammo you can carry at any time actively encourages you to switch sweapons and manage resources depending on the situation so that you don't run out during a hairy situation, an element glossed over in way too many old-school styled shooters these days.The soundtrack is fantastic with a variety dark synth, ambient, and industrial-style tracks that are reminiscient of something inbetween Quake and Crusader: No Remorse, and it compliments the gameplay pretty damn well. The sound design in general is pretty well crafted and balanced.Long story short:This game is great and you should get it, especially if you grew up on this kinda stuff back in the day.It feels very sincere in its love for mid-90's games, but not at the cost of its own identity - and most importantly, it's fun."
,Recommended,474210,25911241,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,FusIntel,BLOODFOR THEBLOOD GOD!SKULLSFOR THESKULL THRONE!
76561198010178608,Recommended,474210,32659325,Posted: 22 June,all,Early Cuyler,DOOM+Nuclear Throne+Super Smash Bros=BUTCHER
,Recommended,474210,25952756,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Pirunvirsi,"I've been anticipating this game since Transhuman Design released a development build accessible by everyone with an internet browser. (It's no longer available though.)BUTCHER is a very peculiar game from the makers of Soldat, King Arthur's Gold and Trench Run. It's a classic, two-dimensional, visceral, unforgiving, rabid n' rapid gun n' run adventure akin to this of Abuse. You take control of a Terminator-esque cyborg whose goal is total extermination of mankind. In order to achieve this goal, you're gonna unleash absolute hell on 5 different locations with 4 levels each and fight the boss at the very end.Admirers of pixelated graphics will be right at home. The dark pixel art compliments the game incredibly well, with dirty and gritty environments giving off the vibe of corrupted, polluted and heavily industrialized Earth - almost similar to Quake II's Stroggos. The pixelated gore is simply bravissimo. Red dripping chunks of eliminated opponents fly around frivolously, adorning nearby furniture, walls, floors and ceilings. This is also where a very interesting artistic decision was made - If you die, your body explodes, the screen melts away Doom-style and you get sent back to the beginning of the level, and this is where you might notice another thing: the bloody mess you left in your previous ""life"" is still there and it only accumulates further with each restart of the level.BUTCHER employs various classic gameplay mechanics such as no reloading, weapon-assisted trickjumping, trial and error gameplay and sometimes speedrun-friendly level design (the game even has achievements for that) chock-full of tricky traps and sweet secrets. To contrast this promising list of features, sometimes you get locked in a small area where you have to defend yourself until you kill everyone and the next wave arrives, and so on. The developers weren't afraid to take a leaf from 2016 DOOM's book to test your survival skills, although it might come off as tedious or downright frustrating.The game provides you with various ""tools"" and ways to assist you in your goal of eradication of all life. The initial arsenal comes off as boring, but very practical. Then you gain access to more... sophisticated weaponry in later levels. From the trusty chainsaw and the satisfactory shotgun all the way up to the trickjump-friendly grenade launcher and the chargeable wall-penetrating railgun.Weaponry aside, you are able to kick your enemies away, knocking them back in the desired direction. You can kick your foes off ledges, making them die from falling down or diving heads first into a pool of molten rock. You can also kick them upwards - with enough precision, you can impale and hang your foe on a nearby hook or launch them at a big buzzsaw with just a single kick, resulting in a delightful instakill without using up your precious ammunition.You will face many enemies during your journey - riflemen, machete-wielding berserkers, jetpack troopers, buzzsaw-flailing robots, heavy troopers with homing rocket launchers and police cars, with honorable mention of wild Cheetahs and regular workers who operate switches connected to lethal machinery. Initial enemies might not be very challenging but they are very accurate and tend to come in packs very often, which might be overwhelming on higher difficulties.To keep your blood pressure in check, enemies who receive any kind of damage become dizzy and are unable to shoot or track you down for a split second. The environment is very helpful as well - a shotgun burst aimed at a small pool of molten rock will result in a big splash which damages and stuns anything it touches, including you. Killing flamethrower troops causes them to explode, resulting in collateral damage the nearby soldiers might not be fond of.Sound design of BUTCHER is worthy of mentioning. The dark Industrial soundtrack composed by Maciej Niedzielski ravages your eardrums relentlessly as you mow down hordes of foes, making them scream in agony before they get gibbed into a red carpet of guts, but you get used to it quickly as there is little variety of environmental cues and additional NPC sounds.The only thing where I might have concerns is its longetivity - BUTCHER is a short and linear game which you can complete in two or three hours at most, if you're playing on the lowest difficulty. Add one or two more hours on higher difficulties since you'll be replaying the same areas over and over again until you eventually master them. Some room could also be made for a level editor and custom campaigns.(Update: As of now, it's possible to create your own levels and campaigns)8.5/10If you want to splurge 10€ on something where you just want to kill stuff without worrying about anything else, BUTCHER is your way to go as a 2D rip-and-tear experience - it's difficult, yes - but it's also very fun in the same time. The satisfying, gory slaughter of pixelated people will keep you seated all the way through, although it's a shame it all comes to an end rather quickly..."
76561198061974601,Recommended,474210,31333472,Posted: 23 April,all,[LINUX] facePlanted,"Ohhhh that's how I like it ... silly fast, chaotic, full of blood, over the top and with an industrial soundtrack.This game puts a smile on my face.Yes it's difficult, you'll find yourself trying the same level 20-30 times, but it's not frustrating: the levels design is relatively fair and well thought.The engine is stable, the controls are responsive, runs perfectly on Linux, there are nice Steam cards, funny achievements, a great level editor, Steam workshop integration (additional levels), speedrun mode, a delicious soundtrack and the Devs are dedicated and supportive.It's a little short but frequently on sale, for once I wouldn't mind getting some DLCand local co-op would be the icing on the cake ;)"
,Not Recommended,474210,25880702,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Greg,"I was really hyped for this game, played the demo and really loved it. I also clocked thousands of hours on Soldat before from the same developer and loved it.Butcher works fine and smooth, weapons are fun to shoot and movement feels alright. Game is hard which I liked about the demo, but unfortunately the graphical style with addition to all effects makes everything impossible to see. You can turn some of the effects off in the Options menu, but it doesn't make it better.In red/dark environments it's almost impossible to see where you are, where enemies are, where targeting reticule is. Add environment destruction, blood, glowing lava, screen shakes and effects withwith addition to godly marksmanship skills of the enemies makes the game rather frustrating instead of being just hard.It's a shame because if the visuals would be clearer and readible it would be a great game."
76561197988903500,Recommended,474210,26516738,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jo291,"The best first person shooter that is not actually a first person shooter that you will ever play.Butcher is unique among 2d shooters in that it has far more in common with the first person shooters from the 90's like Doom and Quake than it does with something like Contra or Commander Keen. There is minor platforming that takes place in the game but its much subdued in favor of precision aiming and deadly combat. Its not just that either, the level design, the health bar and general hud, the level hub, the end level screen were it display's the number of enemies killed and the secrets you've collected, and especially the industrial and oppresive atmosphere, it all comes together to form this feeling in your mind that your playing a first person shooter masquerading as a 2d one.Butcher one ups those 90's shooters in the gore department with its genuinely impressive blood physics system. Blood splatters on to walls and spills on to floors, drips off of platforms onto the ground below, enemies scream and cry out as they slowly die if shot non-fatally, you can chew enemies in half with your weapons splaying their intestines all over the floor, enemies can be drowned, fed to piranhas impaled on hooks crushed and exploded into gibs, popped like cherries, the list goes on and on, it gives it a flair and brutality that accentuates the high difficulty, and this game is HARD son, I remember when I started my first play through on ""hard"" difficulty (The lowest difficulty btw) when I was in the forest area I thought to myself &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥man how am I even going to beat this game."" but as you play and learn the behavior of the enemies and hone your reflexes and improve your aim, you can feel yourself getting better and better until you finally beat it, and then its time to start on the next difficulty level, Its cool to think back to how I was having such trouble with just hard and now I'm on my third play through on Hardest. The key is not to give up or relent, don't let the game win, its like beating your head against a brick wall until it breaks but each time you hit it your blows get stronger and harder, you get better at it. Its a real accomplishment to make a game like this where you feel a sense of progression merely from honing your skills rather than leveling up skills or something like that.The soundtrack is a really special thing, if I could describe it I would say it resembles a mix between the ambient industrial nine inch nails soundtrack of quake with something more fast and nearly break-beat like. It adds to the oppressive and dark atmosphere of the game extremely well and atmosphere is something that this game already has in spades.Probably one of my favorite games of the year and It was just something I bought on whim without even hearing about it before."
,Recommended,474210,30026058,Posted: 18 February,all,Zombient,"Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I keep dying.Let's go into the good, the bad and the bloody mess (in a good way) that is BUTCHER.The Good+Graphics are pretty awesome. Love the old school look.+Lots and lots of blood.+It doesn't hold your hand. This game isn't kidding about being hard.The Bad-It maaaay be a little too dificult for some. But that's not really a ""bad"" aspect of the game.-I die. A lot.-Aiming could be a little easier. Playing with the Xbox controler feels like you're controling your guy with a long poll. Mouse and keyboard is the way to go.-Did I mention I die a lot? Because I do.-You're not actually a butcher. No hamburgers today ;(Overall RatingI'd give it a 9/10. Def worth buying. A few minor kinks could be worked out, but they're honestly not even big enough to mention."
,Recommended,474210,25878881,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,The Dickhole Hipster,"This game is basically Doom 2d, and thats amazing. If you love the classic fast speedy, difficult shoot'em up style of games like Ultimate Doom or Hotline Miami, you will fall in love with this demonic baby.First of all the graphics are great, simplistic but they get the job done and the gore is as always amazing.The gameplay is smooth, shoot and moving are practically like walking in real life after a bit and they aren't clunky and slow.The soundtrack is good but personally I like to listen to some GodFlesh while playing this.Occasionly some of the maps and their layouts do seem a little annoying and dont give you a lot of options it feels but thats okay.Overall the game hasn't got any major issues I feel and its pretty solid. If you love a challenge and buckets of blood and guts this is for you.In the end this game is a solid 8/10.(I will be editing this reveiw if I find any other things I want to add.)"
,Recommended,474210,31328932,Posted: 23 April,all,Biurza,"Great Game, with very interesting gameplay, design and story.Can't complete level? Well git gud or go make your own levels in Editor. Be artsy butcher.Tired of both from above? Well i can give you a hint, go to any level and keep pressing space button repeadetly.I'm pretty sure what happens next pretty much describes everything you are doing in your life.Have Fun!"
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,474210,25885070,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"I really wanted to like this game but I couldn't bring myself to. At first glance, it looks and sounds awesome. I felt like the videos on the store page give a slightly different vibe than the feeling of what you get when playing the game.I have a few complaints:The Controls:The controller layout. Sure, anyone can get used to it and sure it's experimental - but you can't rebind the controls to fit your specific needs. The developers tried ti simplify the controls (pressing up on the joystick makes your character jump... pressing down will make you drop to the next platform under you) but it just makes the game harder as these controls are awkward.The color palette:One thing is certain, the developers brag about  the blood and gore, it's hard to see the true beauty of it because everything is too red! So these blood effects and death animations seem to get lost in translation and quite frankly, caused my eyes to strain.The Camera:The way the camera  follows the character makes the game feel shakey.Browser like:Althoughthe game may have been built from the ground up for Steam, it feels very much like the browser version. The game only takes up 90% of the screen (no matter what resolution) and the animation and gameflow is not perfect.These are all legit reasons to NOT recommended the game. This is one of those games that are polished and yet unpolished. The game is difficult and these things only made it that much more difficult!It needs alot of patches before it's in a good place for me to recommend."
,Recommended,474210,33552102,Posted: 14 July,all,Cyka McBlyat,"Remember when you were like 11-12 and you scoured the internet for freeware/abandonware/etcware games to play on your parent's aging computer, and you happened to stumble upon a classic like Abuse, Soldat, etc.?  This game is like that, when you found a completely free, fun, loud, gory action sidescrolling shooter game, and I mean that in the best way possible.  It has the polish of a modern indie game while retaining the barebones focus of a truly old school independent group of programmers.Give it a shot, if you loved that era of freeware and such (Home of the Underdogs anyone) then you'll appreciate this just a little more."
,Recommended,474210,31634385,Posted: 8 May,all,Katoosie,"Review written as of 08-05-17.The game took me 4 hours to finish.BUTCHER's premise is very simple. Your goal is to exterminate the remainder of humanity. You, as the ruthless and emotionless cyborg are responsible for decimating, decapitating, eviscerating, mutilating and destroying anything that moves and even remotely resembles living flesh and matter. Ready up your weapons and dust off your sensors since Mother is sending you to the nearest orbiting space station close to Earth to fulfill your purpose.- Graphics -Basic 2D side scrollerGory, flashy, heavily ""retro"" stylizedOverall brown-greyish colour palette with red/yellow/InsertGlowyColourHere highlightsHas some stylized fog and lighting effects- Sound -The guns sound good, all of them pack a punch and you can hear itMusic is good, especially the track from the trailers, it just fits the game so well! :)Gore sounds meaty as ♥♥♥♥, I likey!- Gameplay -The game plays like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of DOOM and Soldat.You move your cyborg with WASD while shotting and aiming in all directions with your mouse.The game has the following weapons, in order of obtaining them :1 chainsaw2 shotgun3 assault rifle4 flamethrower5 granade launcher6 railgunThe game has basically 8 enemy types, they are as follows - ninja, guy with whatever weapon, jetpack guy with whatever weapon, flying snake thing with a sawblade on a chain (?), big tanky guy with homing rockets, flying cop car shooting rockets, piranhas or whatever those fish are, cheetah/tiger thing.- Level Design -The game consists of a hub space station with teleporters to each chapter and the final boss.Each chapter has 4 levels, there are 5 chapters + boss. So there are 20 levels + 1 boss room at the end.Levels have a lot of environmental hazards such as saw blades, moving saw blades, saw blade spiders, spikes, drops, holes, lava, fire, crushing blocks etc etc. The levels follow a basic pattern of connecting rooms with corridors, then locking you in a room where you have to defeat enemies to progress. In those situations the game starts spawning enemies all around you and your goal is to survive.So overall... would I recommend the game? Yeah but probably on a sale and ONLY if you are like me and you like games with a lot of gore, chaotic fast paced action and - in this case - in 2D side scrolling platformer setting.You will die a lot in this game because you will get surprised by spawns. You need to learn them to beat the levels. Weapons will feel a bit stale and run of the mill, nothing different or exotic. You will try to cheese the game by shooting enemies through walls with your railgun because you can, because that's the optimal way to play it and after you've finished the game you will think to yourself ""That's it?"".I wish there were more weapons. I wish there were more enemies. More distinguishable map variety. Maybe a different spawn system, random level generator so you can replay the game over and over for the fast paced craziness and gore.I refuse to replay the same levels over and over just to get that cool kick from the gore and such, maaaybe for the achievments if I feel desperate enough and I have absolutely nothing better to do that day...While playing the game I kept thinking ""It would be cool to have this gore and shooting in some rogue lite"". Maybe expand on the universe, anything to flesh the game out some more.Get it on a sale, if anything.Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,474210,25875909,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Fidiasz,"This is the shizzzz!Like in the good old times when game punished you for being lame and promoted you for skillz. You will die, you will die often. No respawn points in the middle of level, no health regenarating thumb sucking... but trust me... the game offers so much gore and glory that you won't rage quit that easily.Now go get this game and let them suffer NOW"
,Recommended,474210,26087127,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Damien the Dear,"This game is like if you took the brutal ideology of DooM, the setup and structure of Quake, made it 2D, and instead of being the lone, deciding human soldier in a galactic battle, you are a lone, invading alien drone, designed and manufactured to eradicate the Inferior human race. Your shotgun does one of three things; A: Misses and surprises the enemy, stunning them, B: Turns them into a smudge on the wall, or C: Eviscerates them, rending their top half from their bottom, having a gooey center of intestines and organs splayed between them. Story is light, theme is dark, gameplay is tight, brutal, heavy and violent.John Romeroapproved of this game. I approve of this game.You can kick them onto meat hooks and there's two achievements for it. If that makes you giddy, buy this game.People on jetpacks explode into balls of flame when you kill them. If that makes you giddy, buy this game.You start off with a Chainsaw and a Shotgun. If that makes you giddy, buy this game.Traps and enemy spawns are well set up, secrets are hidden just right. If that makes you giddy,buy this game."
,Recommended,474210,33489471,Posted: 12 July,all,Magikarp,"Yes, this game is hard.If you can't deal with frustration I wouldn't recommend it.If you enjoy a challenge, I strongly recommend it.The game is a fast paced shooter with a story intended to instill mindless, mechanical slaughter of the human race. If you are looking for something inpirational that gently tugs at your heartstrings, this is not the game. It gives you a figurative and literal middle finger throughout the entire experience, and unless you are a platforming master or masochistic, you are not likely to play this long before getting stuck on a level for a few hours and quitting. I am neither, but I stayed because of the fine variation and very realistic graphics made at a very low resolution. Did I mention that it looks amazing?--And it feels even better when you're the one literally painting the town red (or white, if you're into that).Again, don't buy the game if you get frustrated from a challenge, unless you are comfortable using the free WIMP-mode DLC; which I personally don't judge you for, but the game will."
,Recommended,474210,31503584,Posted: 2 May,all,Toxic_Only,Blood for the BLOOD GOD!
76561198280123377,Recommended,474210,31266824,Posted: 20 April,all,shade_of_fox,"As the store page states the easiest mode is HARD! (but it becomes easier with a controller, this will be explained farther down) This game is brutal in the damage that is done to your spritely murder machine, the bodies of your spritely enemies, and to your mental health as you die time and time again (if you are at maximum difficulty that is). Also brutal are the manners your enemies die in. Any that are on the ground wounded will still be screaming until they finish bleeding or until you stomp, shoot, burn, cut, or explode the life out of them. While that is happening blood will seep into the walls and floors, arenas will be absolutly splattered with blood high and low. While the characters might look ugly and under detailed, the art overall is great. The atmosphere itself is heavy with ill omens, the very air is pregnant with the threat of violence, and open rooms lie still, silently waiting to be interupted by screaming. All one must do is press that pulsing red button.Yet I do not believe I have said enough just yet. You play as a killing machine sent to Earth to finish the humans off to the last man. Each section you leave blows up insuring every human in the area dies, and that is after you go through four levels of killing everyone in your way to the exit. You engage the carnage with a chainsaw and a shotgun and aquire more weaponry as you progress. Nothing that has not been in a game before, but it all works wonderfully (that sounds screwed up).  These weapons are all capable of reducing humans to chunks, put enough bullets from the assault rifle into someone and they will be eviscerated, or if you do not sometimes they will just be blown in half... with their intestines still connecting the two parts (remember these are pixel graphics we are seeing, still oddly satisfying... yeah I know violence, I am writing this review for a reason). Now commiting this violence can be made easier with a controller (here we have arrived as promised) because there is auto-aim. Which can actually help with the immersion as you are playing as a robot, it makes sense to have near perfect accuracy allowing you to snap to targets quickly. The entire game can easily be played with a controller (though the final boss can be a bit of a pain as the auto-aim really loves holding onto it) but you will want to experiment with your own bindings.Many times you will be in a large, open room with the exit blocked. To continue the big glowey button of victim summoning must be pressed to start a screaming murder party. Once you get used to these areas you can only feel tense anticipation as you know what is about to happen. You can just feel it adding more to the already dim atmosphere as the music continues to add. The tracks range from ominus build-up to metal action. The music is done well and is a worthy contribution to this short, dark scene of rampage. Alas the game is short but maybe the developer will add more, or maybe the community will as there is now a level editor with a direct link to Steam Workshop. Yet it is all so satisfying that I do not just want to play it again, I want to tear through it.Imagine BUTCHER as a small paint bucket filled up to the brim with carnage at a reasonable price, it will only coat a small section of your library, but damn it looks good. If this has enticed your shooter appetite then I can only recommend you stop reading and purchase it. Go on you should, really should, seriously there are human vermin in this game that must be eraticated the trailer says so. Why the in the name of Fraggle Rock are you still here? Go **** them up! They are only pixels and they do not have pixel families... that you can see..."
,Recommended,474210,26572839,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Oogle,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥what a good game.  It's short, but worth every penny of that 10 dollars. The controls are tight, the gunplay is frantic & bloody, and the game is just so much fun.It feels like you're playing quake, but in 2D.The game is also hard, but not unfair.  If you have good aim and keep moving, you'll make it through just fine.  I hope they do a sequel or even just add another series of levels."
,Recommended,474210,25910416,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"Summary""Take 2 parts brutal doom, 1 cup of Hotline Miami, 3 teaspoons crack cocaine and half a pint of severely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off badger. Blend until translucent and inject directly into eyesocket""Actual review:In a world where there's too many humans, only one nonhuman can stop all the humans from humaning around. A game with no goal other than to end the human race in awhimsicalseverly twisted and morally questionablejourney oflovemurder,betrayalmurder,heartbreakmurder, andself reflectionmore murder. Unarmed civilians, Armed civilians, Birds, Competing Cyborgs, Fish, Jungle Cats. Nothing can't be stopped with enough murder applied to ensure goal completion.A fantastic and extremely savage run and gun that gives you swift kicks in the nuts whilst strapping you to the rack and making thoroughly sure you get your s**t absolutely ruined over and over again. It's magical.The soundtrack is engineered to invoke maximum rage and this only helps the game in every aspect possible. Excellent variety, clear aspect of what to do and don't and overall an extremely challenging yet more than fair game about the end of the human race.Devs giving clear feedback, taking themselves not too seriously and overall having amazing support. Updates are virtually guaranteed, so this is added to the list of ""this game gets cookies and milk for having a good team behind it""You will absolutely want to pick this up !10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qBlPa-9v_Mhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02bwfcV2h9A"
76561198251679824,Recommended,474210,26379174,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Spirit Level Lover,"This review will be based on a version of unreleased (but will be in the next patch) Linux one. I will talk about that further on. But first the game play.THIS GAME IS NO JOKE!Don't come into this thinking it will be forgiving for the first few levels. Oh no. It doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ You shouldn't be playing this game if you are a total casual. This game takes a lot of skill to master.You're movement and crosshair placement must be up to scratch to take on this game (even on hard, the easiest setting!) It will not give you any mercy, it will punish you in anyway it can. If you're not willing to concentrate and be on the ball, I suggest you got and pay MineCraft or solitare.The level design, combined with the vareity of enemies and how brutal they are makes for a very entertaining gaming experience. Even getting shot once could hinder the rest of the level for you, and personally thats the way I like it. I don't want to feel patronised for the first few levels, I want it to show me what to expect and what I've got myself in for!The pixel animation is beautifully done and the response to your input is pretty much 1:1 which makes really really satisfiying when you blast something to kingdom come. Think Hotline Miami but even more satisfying!I honestly can't get enough of this, I've not played anything close to this in terms of entertainment. And I've NEVER EVER had customer service from any developer, which I will talk about now.Right. Where to begin. I'm running this game on Linux], and I swore I would be totally honest about my experience with this from the start.I first downloaded the game, went straight in and started playing. I started jumping about and thought ""Ohh cool, I didnt't realise that it was a low gravity game.""But then I got to the first few enemies and notcied straight away that the controls where really really sluggish and unresponsive, with everything seeming to move slow. So I pressed escape to be greeted with a flashing sign saying ""this game is running too slowly, please change the video settings"".OK fair enough, I lowered resolution. Nothing, Lowered again. Same thing. Went down to the lowest setting and still got the same results. As you can imgaine, I wasn't happy. This system will run CSGO without a hitch, but yet a pixel game if failing.So I went on to message the developer (Sebastian) with a letter of disgust, saying something along th lines of "" why on earth wont this pixel game work on a high end system running Linux"" I think I even asked for a refund.With in a few minutes I got a reply from Sebastian giving me a few pointers and asking me to enable debug mode to see what FPS I was getting.I reply with my reuslts and after a few back and forth emails Sebastian sent me a DRM free version of the game that was an updated version, for me to test. Unfortunately, this version had the same issues.Within minutes I was sent an email containing 3 versions of the game which he kindly asked me to test. Which I was more than happy to oblige.We emailed back and forth with me supplying me results and him narrowing down issues to get the best version working for me. It didn't take long until all issues had been resolved and the game was running perfectly."
,Recommended,474210,25953842,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Ashes,"Detailed reviewby AshesIntroductionButcher was made and published by Transhuman Design, the same folks that made King Arthur’s Gold and Trench Run. It was released at the 5th of October 2016 and promises to be an extremely hard Doom/Quake inspired, 2D, fast, sidescrolling shooter. In this review I’ll tell you how and if it lives up to the promises along with other things.GameplayImmediately you’ll notice the devs didn’t lie about the resemblance, Butcher truly is what I imagine a 2D Doom to be. It’s brutal, fast and very, very bloody, albeit a bit more tactical than any classic FPS and definitely more challenging than any Quake or Doom game up to date. There are four difficulties, the easiest of which is called hard, of course.I got a bit of a Hotline Miami vibe from how the difficulty was structured, for most human-like enemies it would roughly take the same amount of damage to die as it takes you, so unlike corridor shooters where you’d just run and gun, sometimes it’s recommended to stop and actually think about your approach and/or take things slower, it adds a strategic layer of depth. Of course, like in all classic shooters you have enemies which are way bigger and tougher than you, with more impactful guns, but much slower.One of the things I didn’t like was how long it took to get new guns. For example, you get the best gun in the game near the very end, at the beginning of the last chapter, which doesn’t give you a lot of time to actually enjoy it. Even after beating the game you can’t just go back and start a New Game+ where you have all the things previously unlocked. A simple solution would be to give you less ammo for the better guns, but give them earlier in the game.Which brings me to another point, after you find a new more powerful gun, you’d all of a sudden get the almost same amount of ammo you get for the starting ones, that isn’t necessarily a complaint though, since ammo in general isn’t exactly much, you might find yourself in a situation where you have no ammo if you forget to manage.I found the gameplay to be a very good mixture of shooting, platforming and adaptive thinking. Everything feels smooth and just right. Things are very diversified, you'll never get sick of a specific aspect of the game. Most importantly, everything combined makes for an immensely fun experience.World, Length and Level DesignLet’s start off with the world, there is a very non-existent story as you would probably expect with these sorts of games, however Butcher has a very big emphasis on blood and gore. All of the levels are very atmospheric and stay true to the overall theme. There is an abundance of small details e.g. being able to break mostly any prop, completely mutilate bodies and even a few hidden things which I’ll let you discover for yourself.As far as levels and level design goes, they aren’t exactly the labyrinths of Doom, but they are definitely more open than your traditional sidescrollers, the inclusion of secrets is nice as well, although most of the time they don’t provide much benefit to the player.Let’s talk a bit about variety, content and length. For a 10$ game I’d say it holds up quite well, what I mean is, there isn’t exactly an abundance of content, but the things which are present are all done amazingly well. I wish it was longer, had more guns, more levels etc., simply because everything is done superbly well. I can’t really complain given the price, I’ve paid more for much shorter games with severely less content. I really want the devs to consider DLC or even a more expensive sequel with more content. Point is, I want more, and I think you will too.The overall length of BUTCHER at the standard (Hard) difficulty is between 4-7 hours, depending how fast you learn and how often you die. It’s a very unforgiving game, doesn’t take you much to die and when you do, it restarts the whole level. The number of guns is a bit disappointing, there are a total of 6 guns, but all are drastically different from each other, and you’ll find yourself utilizing all of them depending on the given situation and circumstance.There will be plenty different enemies you encounter though, from humans to robots and they progressively get tougher, but Butcher doesn’t just throw away the previously encountered ones, instead the game uses the newly introduced as an extra ingredient, which adds a lot of variety gameplay wise and forces you to constantly change your approach, actively encouraging adaptive, on the spot thinking.Graphics, Sound and Technical DetailsBUTCHER sounds and looks exactly like a 90s shooter, I found myself enjoying the soundtrack quite a bit, and graphically it’s very, very pleasing given that you like this type of art style. As I mentioned before, there are a lot of details everywhere, both mechanics wise and graphically. Everything combined contributes to the atmosphere and creates an extremely satisfying experience.I’ve had absolutely no frame dips even on my potato, the game plays at a constant 60fps even on weaker and/or older systems. I haven’t encountered a single game-breaking glitch, or any sort of glitches, to be honest. Controls on mouse and keyboard are very smooth and responsive, also fully rebindable, for the ones of you which prefer gamepads, there is fully functional support for that as well.There isn’t an excessive number of options, but all the important things, I can think of, are there. You can toggle between on-off for certain effects and post-processing, there are separate audio sliders for music and game sound and, thankfully, you can adjust several gameplay related options as you see fit.ConclusionI was very pleasantly surprised by BUTCHER and enjoyed every minute of it. My main problem is the length and overall amount of content, but given the price I can’t really complain. Everything present in the game is done amazingly well, from weapons to music. Gameplay is fun and brutally challenging.The levels all have their own quirky mechanics, and the atmosphere is amazing. I can, without a doubt, recommend this. Depending on how masochistic you are, you could try the harder difficulties and complete the game more than once or twice. Achievements are there for the OCD parts of you as well. I had a complete blast and hope you do as well.If you like this sort of in-depth detailed reviews please let me know in the comments. Want to check out more similar reviews for other games? Check out the links below!Detailed Reviewsfor:INSIDEJotunHelldiversRocket LeagueRants/Quick Reviewsfor:Dark Souls II Scholar of the First SinDeadlightF.E.A.R. 3RAGEPayday 2QUBE100 Ways"
,Recommended,474210,27059362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cap'n Caco,"A fun, ultraviolent, tough-as-nails, and all-around fantastic little gem of a game. Short, but ever so sweet. Good soundtrack as well, the theming of the game overall brings to mind a 2-dimensional Quake."
,Recommended,474210,31220264,Posted: 18 April,all,Stoovan,RIP AND TEAR
,Recommended,474210,31445441,Posted: 29 April,all,ĐɛʌƉƓʊƔ,"Hardcore, Violent, 2D platform shooter!  Fun game, difficult, and most importaintly fluid control!  Highly recommended"
,Recommended,474210,31432969,Posted: 28 April,all,Bear-Kibble,"2D Quake. Yup, It's fun.Sidescrolling action game that uses Quakelike weapons in very hard levels"
,Recommended,474210,26710683,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,notpel,"im a massive fan of the orginal doom, quake, and other such iD games. plus some others i cant think of right now.BUTCHER is pretty damn great.it knows what it is and does it very well. and yes, it is hard, and i really like that. i like that it owns that it is a hard game. because really, there are not enough hard games like this.really will love it further once gamepad support is properly in, but keyboard and mouse is still a great experience.worth the price and the OST is awesome on top6/6solid"
76561198198777925,Recommended,474210,32528551,Posted: 17 June,all,CORE,"I loved this game. Writing this review after beating Impossible mode and F%king the world ultimately.This is a game where remembering what is about to happen really helps, and what kind of weapons are best suited for the situation. Lobbing a grenade on your way down a pit to gib some hostiles, flaming a cluster guards, scattering a victim with your shotgun, railing a rowdy bunch with your rail gun through a wall or ""stealthy"" dispatching unsuspecting foes with a chainsaw, every weapon has a purpose it excels at.As for the games claim of ""The easiest mode is 'Hard' "", that is true. Once you get used to the game, though, it is not so hard. After completing the game on that mode, you may realize that ""hard"" was not enough, and jump straight to ""hardest"" like I did. With the experience form ""hard"" mode, you can bravely storm each level, caring less about hiding behind precious cover and instead decimating your foes before they can react. ""Impossible"" mode is a real treat. After getting a taste of that, you will be wanting to beat the game at that difficulty, which is not as scary as you would expect.In mechanics, this is a solid game. The only glitches I have encountered (which have been noticed while playing ""Impossible"" mode) is that there are times when the player will get snagged while dropping from or jumping up to a solid ledge. The other minor glitch (experienced only once) occurs only in death, when you and the boss of the game die at the same time. The level will not automatically reset after a second or two, and so you must exit to the menu manually.Big, fancy traps are advertised for the game, but they are mostly used against you. Rarely do you get to use those special traps on your enemies, so I feel that cuts back on the game slightly.This game was a 10/10. It felt extremely satisfying being able to beat it, since I rarely, if ever, like a game so much that I want to beat it in the most Impossible way possible. Seeing blood fly and paint the walls red as split bodies flew through the air, playing ""skeet shooting"" by kicking meat toys and blasting them apart with the shotgun, just loved it. The $10 price was well worth it.F%KING BUY IT ALREADY."
,Recommended,474210,31838488,Posted: 19 May,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"BUTCHERis alot more fun than I expected.To me, it plays exactly how I would wantDoomto play as a platformer. It's fantastic fun in short bursts. I'll never finish this title - nor am I likely to get more than a few hours out of it, butit does it's thing really well.There is nothing too complex here; what you see is what you get. The controls feel great. The artwork and music are top-notch. Totally worth full asking price if this looks like your jam.Yes, this title is challenging - but I didn't find it as difficult as others have described. Maybe I haven't hit the super hard levels yet."
,Recommended,474210,31955129,Posted: 25 May,all,Dohhers,"After 16 hours of playtime, managed to 100% complete the game, was definately worth the purchase.Sort of game that offers a lot of replayable levels, whilst still being enjoyable. Can just connect your controller, sit back, relax, and violently ruin some little NPC's day.Also offers some increases in difficulty, and they weren't wrong at first when they titled it impossible, I can strongly say some people will not finish the game on that mode, whilst being fun and challenging, repeatingly dying a good 50+ times on one level, nearly saw my controller going through my monitor.Enjoyed every hour."
,Recommended,474210,28303770,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,linuxpunk,"""HARDCORE""John Romero'Nuff said."
76561198149052167,Recommended,474210,28548855,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HellSpawn64,This game is amazing but does any body think this game could be even better with a map editor or even a sandbox mode?
,Recommended,474210,31212446,Posted: 17 April,all,Eris!,"A ♥♥♥♥ing masterpiece of ultraviolence, pixels, platforming, and nostalgia. If you have ever been aroused by games like Quake, Doom, or other old old old shooters and want something that will pour the blood on like a coprophage pours on the dogshit, you owe it to yourself to buy this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i92CxmN9VFI"
,Recommended,474210,29283686,Posted: 15 January,all,Cream-of-Plenty,"BUTCHER is a lovesong to the type of game that concerned moms and the media imagined when the ESRB was just a twinkle in Senator Joe Lieberman's eye.  You are an emotionless Terminator-style robot sent to eradicate the last vestiges of humanity in an assortment of bleak environments like foundries and cyberpunk cities.   Your victims gasp and gurgle as they bleed out, or get eaten by mutant wildlife, or crushed by machinery; oppressive electronica thrums in the background of each level.You get the idea.But the game wouldn't be nearly as fun if you were unopposed in your conquest of mankind.  Fortunately, BUTCHER prides itself on being tough as nails (its motto is ""The Easiest Mode is HARD"").  As your opponents shift from civilians and soldiers to towering cyborgs and assault vehicles, you'll discover the BUTCHER's uncharacteristic frailty--especially at higher difficulties, where the game strips you of your maximum effective health and your ability to replenish hitpoints and armor mid-mission.Truth be told, the game isn't a power fantasy like HATRED or Postal, which might be easy to misinterpret from the previews.  It's about using everything at your disposal--chainsaws and railguns, blade traps and crushers, speed and level exploits--to crush an enemy that's quite adept at crushing you.The difficulty and aesthetics are an obvious nod to the 90's, but the movement exploits are perhaps just as important:  Using your chainsaw in unexpected ways to launch yourself across the map or bunnyhop to otherwise unreachable locations; rocket-jumping with the grenade launcher; blazing past enemies as you attempt to crush speedrun records and collect hidden skulls that are often in obscure or time-sensitive locations.  It should all feel distinctly nostaligic to anybody familiar with the murky brown hues of nonsensical industrial sprawls and lava pits.At 21 levels and a speedrun goal of 45 minutes (though the average player will likely spend 2-3 hours on their first run), BUTCHER never overstays its welcome, although it encourages you to revisit levels to uncover secrets, improve speedrun times, and even reattempt runs at higher difficulties.  There's a small assortment of weapons, a decent mix of enemies (ranging from noncombatants to cyberdemon-like cyborgs and mutant wildcats), and some great sound effects.TL;DR:  BUTCHER is a short but challenging game that will likely appeal to anybody who was raised on games like Quake, Contra, and Crusader (or anybody who might think those games are the bees' knees).PROS:+ Perfect length for a game, but lots of replayability for those craving more+ Weapons are distinct and useful; enemies are diverse and challenging+ Great sound effects and an OST that fits perfectlyCONS;- Even with the small (6) selection of weapons, switching weapons can be frantic and awkward on a controller because you have to scroll up/down through everything until you find what you're looking for.- A few of the hidden skulls are in areas that require pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tty techniques (that you may otherwise never use) to reach- Aesthetically solid, but perhaps a little too far on the ""tiny"" side of things.  It would have been nice for the art style to accomodate a LITTLE more detail in characters and weapons.- The sole boss fight is alright, but the game could have definitely used 1 or 2 more unique boss fights to mix things up."
,Recommended,474210,25875451,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Kanonite,The Terminator game you never knew you wanted.
,Recommended,474210,31518055,Posted: 2 May,all,Holocaustic,"Run inKill everything that moves in many creative waysFeel badassDamn, it's a good day for the eradication of humanity."
,Recommended,474210,32814223,Posted: 26 June,all,Winterous,"Do you enjoy oldschool fast-paced shooters like 'Quake' and 'Doom'?Do like the trial-and-error process of beating hard levels in hard-as-nails platformer games like 'Super Meat Boy'?Do you not care if a game does literally nothing innovative or new, as long as it's a good experience?If you answered 'yes' to any of the above questions, then you probablywon'thate'BUTCHER'!Hi, I'm Winterous, you might know me from other popular reviews, such as ""I don't have any examples to put here"".Butcher is a game. It's a well made game. It's a well-designed game. It's a graphically pleasing game.It's a game that is, overall, pretty good.That's it. Graphics and theme aside (which are great) it does nothing new or interesting, it's pretty much just Quake in the form of a 2d platformer.You need to go through the process of understanding the level, what you need to avoid, all that jazz; there's no way outside of blind luck to get through the game on the first try. Even when you know what to do, it's pretty difficult to execute it without getting hurt.It's a hard game, it's a ruthless game, it will make you replay the same level over and over before you finish it, and again several times if you're trying to find the secrets; but it is, overall, a good, solid, well-made game. If you want something new, it's probably not for you.And that's a good TL;DR: There's nothing NEW about 'BUTCHER', there's nothing SPECIAL about 'BUTCHER', it'sjusta solid, well made game, with very nice low-res pixel art."
,Recommended,474210,33818606,Posted: 26 July,all,Antagonist,"This game is very challenging, and very fun. It is divided into different stages, where you must get from point A to point B. Very simple. The fun lies in the challenge. The graphics are very old school pixel graphics, where you can see the individual pixels. There is no zoom option, unfortunately, although I can understand why they didn't do that.The blood and gore are well done, and not overly gross. It's worth the price tag, but it's definitely nothing ground breaking. Fun for a quick 15-30 minute break."
76561197970990703,Recommended,474210,34669799,Posted: 1 September,all,morphismus,"If you like gory, dark, 16-bit style action games, then this is definitely something for you. It plays like a mix of hotline miami and contra. However - I needed to try several (xbox) gamepad configurations till it felt right. Here is my final setting: jump: LT, fire: RT, prev weapon: LB, next weapon: RB, activate: press right stick. Try it out if you lose to much time between your actions -  especially in the later ""extermination"" sequences. Great game!"
76561198076565136,Recommended,474210,25976267,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Gutmust,"The visuals are amazing, the gameplay is extremely solid, the attention to detail is on point, One of my new favorite games. I really just hope that people are not returning it after they play it, because you can technically “complete” it under 2 hours."
76561198101481132,Recommended,474210,25907007,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Jadez,"I already can't wait for all the youtube and twitch let's-players that are gonna be like; ""Hell yeah, I'm a hipster indie gamer and I'm gonna feel like a badass for slaughtering these people with my chainsaw! Omg this game is so awesome look at the blood and explosions! Hurr, durr."" They will get their♥♥♥♥♥handed to them so flipping bad, I bet none of them will finish their series. I'll start off by saying that from my experience the game is far more unforgiving than the browser demo I played a year ago or so. So that was kind of a let down to me. There's about 5 episodes in the game, each with 4 levels to complete, which doesn't look like much, but trust me, this game is so hard it'll take you hours and hours. I was playing the 3rd level and I was like, you gotta be kidding me, this is not what I signed up for. I feel like the levels take just a bit too long that dying near the end gets extremely, extremely flipping frustrating. Like somebody else mentioned, completing the mission doesn't feel like you mastered the level, it just feels like you got lucky somewhere and had your enemies spawn at a better spot or something. However this is if you play the game on the first playthrough and you're a noob like me. I've seen people play this game that are far better than I am and they clearly got the levels and controls fully locked down and I think right there is where the fun kicks in. If you played the browser demo you don't really get a sense for it, but it seems like this game is made with speedrunning in mind. There are certain mechanics you can master, like launching yourself into the air with a granade launcher or boosting yourself off of an enemy with your chainsaw, which will reward you by getting you through the levels faster or even skipping certain areas. Once you realise what audience the game is for, you'll be blown away with how awesome the level design, variety, traps and little secrets in the game are. You're gonna approach the game differently and treat it more like a puzzle game than an action game, but you must learn to put your frustration aside. The game is hard to recommend, because it's not worth getting if you can't get past the first episode. But i'm a 100% confident this game goes beyond the expectations of what is probably only still a niche playerbase but within that playerbase it's gonna be a staple for many years to come. It really feels like an authentic game, if it was made in the early days of DOS it could be amongst titles like Doom by now."
,Recommended,474210,30158706,Posted: 24 February,all,Diddle Schnitz,"I don't have a tremendous amount of playtime, but I gotta say, damn. If you like platformers, this game is a boatload of fun! I absolutely recommend Butcher, full price or discount, it's worth it! Grisly, gory and certainly difficult, this game rocks!"
,Recommended,474210,30220357,Posted: 27 February,all,epixx17,pls add more levels and modes this game is so good <3
76561197970701643,Recommended,474210,33493057,Posted: 12 July,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Butcher is like Doom + BroforceI noticed one or two issues where an enemy could shoot me off screen, which, combined with their autolock can be somewhat frustrating. The game is at it's best when you are tranversing one area to another. When it sets up areas where you simply take on hoards of spawning enemies, it suddently becomes less interesting. And more a case of camping in a corner than running and gunning. Magically spawning enemies can be abit annoying as well, would rather solid placement.Overall, great game with a few minor blemishes. Cost me £3, and about 30-40 times better than an Ubisoft game, so take that for what it's worth."
76561198050049656,Not Recommended,474210,25890679,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,IHateStairs,"Great music and the graphics are good for the most part. But it's really hard to tell what you're shooting at due to the color palette and you have to be accurate because you have so little ammo.Game would benefit from a movement speed increase and maybe a laser sight on your gun.Right now, I would say it isn't worth it."
76561198289185067,Recommended,474210,25879330,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Jer The Vile,"I like my games like I like my music BRUTAL, and this is F-ing brutal. It reminds me of a game I stumbled upon called  Brutal Doom except  this is a platformer. The music is badass I would have given up a couple times but the sure intensity of the fire fights with the blazing music just kept me going and made me want to shoot them all the more. It took only 10 seconds of watching the first video to make me fall in love with this game and playing it is as cool as they make it appear. One cool thing for me anyways it came out the day before my birthday so HELL YEAH happy birthday to me!!!!"
,Recommended,474210,30090331,Posted: 21 February,all,Blitzkraken,"I don't write reviews often, but I felt the need to give my opinion on this game.It's awesome.The combat is fast paced, but with just enough time between shots to dodge and weave through bullets, fire, and missiles. When you hit an enemy they get stunned for a brief moment, giving you just enough time to duck behind a ledge, grab a health pickup, etc.Each level has a unique layout, so I didn't feel like I had to play through any repetitive designs. All of the five areas (4 levels each) are set in different locations, so each place gives off a certain feel when playing through it. Notable levels are the jungle and the city, both of which had a distinct style. All of this kept the visuals interesting to look at, (or at least for me)The level editor seems to be well made. It features pretty much every texture used in the campaign, a neat node-based scripting system (basic triggers, spawners, doors, arenas, lights, etc), and two layers to put tiles on (background, and foreground). It even has workshop support!It might be considered a short game to some (21 levels total), but for the price it felt totally worth it. It's pretty challenging, but super fun too :D"
,Recommended,474210,28899744,Posted: 1 January,all,olly!,"I liked the WIMP edition. Thankfully in this case the developers recognized that at least people want to play their game on something other than Dark Souls level of difficulty. It's a rarity, unfortunately."
,Recommended,474210,33879834,Posted: 29 July,all,MacArthur1880,"Lots of blood, gore and other terrifying details. My kind of game. 10\10."
76561198040520934,Recommended,474210,25962265,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,derzruud,"40% of ""Liero"" trigger happiness30% of ""Abuse"" murky aesthetics20% of ""Teleglitch"" uncompromising punishment10% of ""Cannon Fodder"" death shriekingALL FUN - WANT MORE"
,Recommended,474210,25963604,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,[NaCl] Kahuna,"TL;DR, 8/10.This game is metal as ♥♥♥♥.  Extreme difficulty?  Metal as ♥♥♥♥.  Gore, theme, music?  Metal as ♥♥♥♥.  Story?  Setting?  Level design and where you actually go?  Metal as ♥♥♥♥.  Enemies?  Weapons?  Metal as ♥♥♥♥.One of the best examples of effective pixel art in a long time, very ""low rez"", yet what everything is and does is quite clear, art style works very well, great example of brutal efficiency.  It just works.The game is hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ but generally fair.  Enemies get dazed on taking damage, and have a slight delay on their aiming, and they aren't hitscan (caveat, haven't completed the game, thought I'd play on one of the harder difficulties... I was wrong).  However, enemies, even the average grunt, are completely deadly and can kill you in seconds.  Also jetpack guys with chainsaws, these are your puny *victims*... METAL... AS... ♥♥♥♥Did you like Doom 2016?  Did you like Crusader: No Remorse?  Did you like...  Do you like action games?  Do you like gory high skill games?  Buy this.  Right now.  Don't wait for a sale, this deserves a cash injection, unless you're in a financial situation where $10 matters, buy this game, support this♥♥♥♥♥♥  Get us more things like this.100% recommendation for any fans of the genre."
,Recommended,474210,25941645,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,mort,BADASS
76561198221797924,Recommended,474210,26297952,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Defelial,"I hope the dev get's thisI used to play soldat a lot back in school with my friends, when i was told they were bak i went insane with the trailler, bought the game and played for a bit and i already love it! awesome workthis game is a must buy for fans of classic doom, quake and soldat"
,Recommended,474210,26299259,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,XanaX,DOOM IN 2D!!!
76561198000398491,Recommended,474210,25908057,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mr1029384756,"So... SOLDAT, Doom, Quake, Liero, and Contra decided to get together for a blood orgy and then had a noteswap session post-coitus.This game is the result and I f_cking love it!10/IGN -- Really hope Transhuman Design opens this game to the modding community as I'm curious to see what a NUTS.wad map looks like in this game."
76561198140442560,Recommended,474210,30046352,Posted: 19 February,all,IAmThePonch,"Butcher is a throw back to the ultra violent and ultra edgy games of the 90's, mostly Doom. Don't take that to mean it's a ripoff or a clone, though. No, despite its obvious influences, Butcher is a beast all its own.You play as a cyborg robot thing. You're sent to a dystopian version of Earth with one mission and one mission only: exterminate all remaining life on the planet. Think Terminator as directed by Quentin Tarantino.With that setup, you are thrown into the first level armed with a chainsaw and shotgun. There are no tutorials or anything, but thankfully, Butcher is an easy to learn, extremely tough to master game. The game is actually a 2D side scroller, and your character is surprisingly fragile even on the lowest difficulty (which, as the tagline boasts, is Hard). This means there's a very strong emphasis on using cover and knowing where to be in the given level. It's a strong mix of platforming and twitch based shooting, best experienced with a mouse and keyboard if you ask me, because this game pulls no punches.In addition to being what is possibly the bloodiest game since Hotline Miami 2 (bodies explode into chunks and blood on death, you can impale enemies on meat hooks scattered throughout the environment, and the sound effects are approrpiately squishy), this is one of the toughest games in recent memory. You will die. A lot. Simple as that. Even near the beginning, when you're still new to the game, it does not go easy on the player. Enemies can and will kill you in just a few hits, so you need to be light on your feet. Thing is though, you can't just spray and pray. You need to be precise, because even when your weapon is maxed out with ammo, you can run out in a sticky situation faster than you'd think. There's this constant juggling of being safe from hamr and being able to hit your enemies while keeping as much ammo as possible that gives the game unbelieveable tension.Thankfully, you gain one new weapon per worly, with standards like the shotgun and assault rifle, to more effective weapons like a grenade launcher and a railgun, which can be charged and fired through walls. May as well mention the last weapon, which is a flamethrower. Good for crowd control.Each level is well designed and takes full advantage of their settings to produce some fun and difficult gimmicks. One of my favorite levels in the game is in the Volcano research base. There are two halves to the area. Enemies will come in the side you're on, but after a time limit, the room will fill with lava and you need to hurry to the other side and repeat the process. Defeat a wave of enemies before the lava rises and some replenishing items will appear. There's plenty more creative and fun things like that throughout the twenty one levels.By the end, you're going to feel like a much more accomplished gamer, because the situations this game throws at you are absolutely insane. By the end, each level will feature wave after wave of enemies all hell bent on killing you. Meanwhile, cover is rarer and rarer. You'll die so much, it should make you throw your computer. Thankfully, this game does have what I like to call ""The Hotline Miami Method;"" when you die, you reappear almost instantly at the beginning of the level. But levels are short, which means you never have to rreplay huge chunks at a time.Butcher isn't for everyone due to its rather extreme (but over the top) violence and absolutely insane difficulty level. But if you enjoy both those things, this is a required play, as it is the good kind of difficulty. The kind where you could theoretically get through the entire game without taking a hit with enough practice, akin to the aforementioned Hotline Miami and Super Meat Boy. I personally loved it, though, and rather than getting frustrated, I moreso found myself saying ""Just one mroe try"" with each death. And before I knew it, hours had gone by. Bloody hours. But boy, do I feel like I could take on the world after defeating the fnal (and only) boss in the game."
,Recommended,474210,31455917,Posted: 29 April,all,Slojoe17or76,A incredible fun throwback to the days of fast stupid violence
,Recommended,474210,28854164,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Jetfire60,"10/10So hard, had to take over my friend's account twice because he gave up..."
,Recommended,474210,32838193,Posted: 26 June,all,EverlastingRoses,"BUTCHERThis is a game that will/provide:BEAT YOU intO tHE FILThY SOILGore! GOre! gorE!!!Never ending fun and exploration and has a kickass level editor!!(Seriously, get in there and make some brutal levels and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up)Awesome game, and why haven't you picked up this gory masterpiece of utter mayhem and metal??"
,Recommended,474210,25978386,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Cheeki,"A lot of people left bad reviews because this game is ""too hard"", but if you have half a brain in your head hard isn't actually that hard. I was able to beat the game for the first time on hard in about 3 hours. Just start on harder if you want an actual challenge.The gore is exceptionally well done, it has just the right amount of blood splatter to look good but not overdone. The movement is very responsive, although the speed of the player can feel sluggish at times. The environments and aesthetic remind me of quake and the doom techbase levels.And don't play with a controller, just because it's a platformer does not mean a controller is a good idea. The level of speed and precision required to play this game well is incredibly impractical to try and achieve on a controller. You need to be able to snap to targets very quickly and precisely, which is just simply easier to do with a mouse.TL;DR: It's a good difficult game with well done gore and a quake aesthetic that you probably shouldn't play with a controller. If you like teleglitch, you might enjoy this."
,Recommended,474210,25963618,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Edgy_AF_Hawaiian666,Gorgeous pixelated graphicsSolid gameplayAmazing soundtrackPerfect difficultyAnd beautiful amounts of blood and gore666/10 Would die over and over again.
76561198271680724,Recommended,474210,26676775,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,†BloodSpectre†,Not a fan of side scrollers at all. But i loved this one. Goes well with some Slayer in the background! Though the difficulty makes it rather hard to enjoy and becomes frustrating at points.
,Recommended,474210,28273011,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,TMAC Blade,"i dont care for a story and honestly the one that is here works fine. i am assuming you are some sort of alien or cyborg sent to earth to purge it of all human life and that being said it seems to be your doing just that. each level you go into you find yourself just murdering every single human that stands in your wake; not even the bystandards are safe from your directive. each enemy seems to have special drops which kinda encourage you to kill everything. unarmed humans give you health drops, pathetic swordsmen do the same thing, soldiers who think they were the pinnicle of strength and endurence who soon become liquad meat drop ammo. each enemy encourages berzerker like behaviour in order to survive the next onslout of enemies or to move onto the next level. me personally....i think the game deserves a 10/10 from me as it actually is everything it said it is and is good for those days when you come home from your job and dealt with some seroiusly ♥♥♥♥♥♥ customers and you want nothing more than to just wreck some digital♥♥♥♥♥holes up with your large arsenal of weapons....and watch as the human body parts fly as every single organ and drop of blood fly all over the level.p.s. i had to make the review interesting rather than just saying ""ITS GREAY 10/10"". i also hope this game gets far more attention than its getting now. it saddens me to see a game like this one get completly forgotten or only glanced at when it is soooo good."
,Recommended,474210,25897185,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Lucas,"Quake + Soldat + Hotline Miami = BUTCHERReally, really fun game. Will be very punishing at first, but less so as you get better. Rewarding and easily worth the $9.99 price of entry."
,Recommended,474210,26205165,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kalinka,"An incredibly fun fast paced, tough shooter, basically DOOM but 2D. I highly recommend :D"
76561198047905646,Recommended,474210,25992107,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,poorly wired circuit,"I'm at a loss of words. I love everything about it. The pixel graphics, the weapons, the style, all of it. Awesome job!I wish there were more games of this style and quality. I don't need BF1 graphics."
,Recommended,474210,30096236,Posted: 22 February,all,danthat,"Butcher is magnificent. It brings back all the memories of the first time I played DooM - overwhelming, dirty, gritty, violent, a horrible macabre ballet around tight little arenas. It's got a similar vibe to Doom, but don't dismiss it as an Abuse style game; it has more in keeping with the tight gunplay of Hotline Miami.Magnificent stuff, brilliantly made."
,Recommended,474210,30091793,Posted: 21 February,all,RAIZO,"Risk of Rain meets DOOM with just a hint of Hatred basically describes this game.A powerful arsenal, distorted sounds, prolonged screams, juicy/chunky gore effects and some seriously sick beats for the soundtrack make BUTCHER a short but sweet murder-filled romp through various locations as you kill your way to glory. Also, it has one of the best railguns of all time, or at least since Red Faction, and there's definitely some replay value here, so  I think the asking price is worth it but if you're hardup for some cash then grab it when it's on sale. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,474210,33572351,Posted: 15 July,all,Atarax,"I loved it!I admit I pirated it before the demo came out cause I was afraid it would be too short, or the graphics would make my brain hurt, but after staying up all night playing it, I had to buy it.I have passed it on harder and am on my way to finishing on hardest. It's one of those games that, to me, qualify as having a soul; games such as downwell, hotline miami, bit.trip runner or N++, just to name a few. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,474210,33657296,Posted: 19 July,all,Naganted,"Rrgh I love the graphics for this game.  Death after death I slog on, coating the walls, floors, cielings, machinery, uhm, elevators, chainsaw and self with gore just to marvel at how I can see the dank greasy nasty atmosphere lingering in a room that's still 'settling' after some twisted unfair (for both sides somehow.) fight that rolled all around crusted chugging machinery.I want to study these graphics and sounds and music until I can do them in my sleep and then the madness begins."
76561198305034434,Recommended,474210,31422960,Posted: 28 April,all,stoqngogov,Very good game
,Recommended,474210,25923984,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ALAMPWITHFRIENDS,An amazing game I just bought it and I can't stop playing! Listen too me if you've never played a 2D Shooter this is where to go to start. It is hard but its fun. I love the gameplay mechanics and the guns are so fun. You should also check out Trench Wars if you want to buy a bunch of 2D Shooters
76561197962717211,Recommended,474210,33502210,Posted: 13 July,all,Alt+F4,"OK here is my serious review on BUTCHER:I always like when a game's store page matches the actual experience of the game. It's solid and polished and gives a consistend experience in sound and visuals.Used to playing most games right on hard from the start I experienced that this game get's better the harder the game mode you choose/unlock - less damage resistance and no healh pick-ups force you to dodge and think ahead: hell yeah!The further one plays into the game the more weapons you get and the harder and meaner the encounters become, making it everything than boring. I didn't feel forced into any boring repetetion during my playthroughs.Future content: well, there might be none (the dev just added 3 more levels geegee), but the workshop and editor has a lot of potential. The level editor of the game offers a lot of features not used in the campaign game at all like portals, safepoints and keycards. Without putting one line of code you can already make awesome, complex levels(!) cannot stress that enough!The rest is a matter of taste.[Got BUTCHER during it's last sale. After playing the first two levels I felt like a cheap ♥♥♥♥ and gifted the game to a friend who started to become a bit strange buying games like witcher. I hope you can become a father now, buddy!After so many unpolished fake-pixel-art-money-grab-games here is a real one, A real game. Real challenges, Play the Demo.]"
,Recommended,474210,30512443,Posted: 14 March,all,_7,"Exactly what it says on the tin. You know what you're getting into, it's violent, messy, and a little archaic in it's ability to be gritty and macabre for the sake of it.But here's what you should REALLY know.The premise gets me excited.The controls make me erect.The sountrack makes my balls tight.The fluidity, the satisfaction, the sheer, perfected, POLISH on display here...makes me ejaculate.Gr8 g@m3 10/10"
,Recommended,474210,25876746,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,gnazghoul,"If there's one word that best describes Butcher, it's BRUTAL. The art, the sound, the music, the difficulty, the violence. All absolutely brutal. If you like Doom and/or Quake aesthetics you'll be right at home. Even though it's pixel art, the attention to detail is amazing. The pacing is great, you're rarely ever staying still. When you die, you seamlessly jump right back into it. I had a lot of fun playing Butcher and highly recommend it. Especially if you like fast paced twitch shooters and games like Soldat.You can watch my stream of Butcher here:https://www.twitch.tv/gnazghoul/v/93191056"
,Recommended,474210,25915215,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,HaraDaya,"QUAKE + Abuse + TerminatorSeems like you play a sadistic T-800 Terminator. Fantastic and properly done pixel art; no sprites suddenly rotating out of the pixel grid. Nasty gore and blood spraying and painting the level. And a very QUAKE+DOOM sounding soundtrack.It plays much like an aggressive, side-scrolling, Hotline Miami. Death means restarting the whole level. Combat is about reflex, movement, and a good aim. Enemies will quickly drain your health in a shot or two. You'll be swapping weapons mid-air, and kicking enemies around (and into traps) while your weapon cycles.It requires you to develop a certain level profiency with it before it gets really good. Till then it can be frustrating, as you will be punished for mistakes and wasting ammo."
,Recommended,474210,25958090,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Karmagasm,"Short and Sweet.Played on the base ""Hard"" difficulty, it was a good challenge for my decidedly less than twitch reflexes, took about 5 hours which is good for this game I think. The campaign isn't overly long, doesn't overstay its welcome.I read someone say ""this game isn't hard in the traditional sense, I just keep running out of ammo!"" (paraphrased there) and I'd like to address it:I have never run out of ammo in this game or even come close to it, you must've went the ""spray and pray"" route of aiming if ammo shortage was your main point of difficulty with it and I don't think upping the diff modifies enemy health so...git gud at aiming.Anyhoo my verdict is: 4/5 would bring on robopocalypse again."
76561198121713095,Recommended,474210,31674993,Posted: 10 May,all,Daftdrunk,"This game is tough, but worth the trouble. Plus the gore makes it fun. Sweet bloody fun."
76561197993464518,Recommended,474210,31657971,Posted: 9 May,all,Gabul,Thats awesome title!!  Highly recommend it ;)
,Recommended,474210,26053613,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tom,"In this 2D shooter you have only one purpose, MURDER. You have magnitude of weapons, humans, levels and traps. Game is hard and ""The Impossible"" difficulty can make you mad. Luckily my sanity is fine. Me and my others personalities can recommend this game without any problems."
,Recommended,474210,33725399,Posted: 22 July,all,Paradocks,"Literally Doom in 2D pixels.Even tho I'm bad at this, but I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it. I wish it had more levels."
76561197971316959,Recommended,474210,25944330,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Kinhell,This is frankly fantastic...
,Recommended,474210,26156091,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,TIKI500,"Difficult, Violent, and Fast Paced are just a few words I use to describe this must buy for fans of Doom Like games!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyxjvOIUlus"
76561198358988691,Recommended,474210,33351481,Posted: 7 July,all,Power Ragner | CSGOGEM.com,Great game. Pretty hard. Not harder than an erection. Harder than a wall. 9/10 would cry rage quit again.
,Recommended,474210,32832837,Posted: 26 June,all,Mumen Rider,"Pretty good shooter platform. This is what I imagine Doom and Quake would look and play like if they were released on SNES. Very challenging, think Super Meat Boy in terms of challenge and replayability. The super low fidelty pixel graphics do work against the game however, as it makes aiming and identifying enemies difficult.8/10"
,Recommended,474210,26896698,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lockdonnen,"Take a cup of Abuse from 1996 and a cup of Doom from 1993, throw it in a blender and mix it all together with a bucket of blood and serve violently warm."
,Recommended,474210,33050648,Posted: 30 June,all,maliceglass,"If they'd have made a videogame based on the movie HARDWARE (where you got to play as the killer robot instead of Dylan McDermott), it would have probably been a good bit like BUTCHER. I... can't think of higher recommendation than that!"
,Recommended,474210,33457533,Posted: 11 July,all,Aza-Industries,"Wow, Brings back that feeling I had when I first played Doom when it came out.Great controls, good auto-aim for controller support. (works alright in 8-Way arcade cabinet.Good graphics using pixelated style but still manages to ooze detail.Dark and gritty atmosphere and environments.Weapons, Sound and Gore that make for impactful gameplay that makes every shot pack a punch!"
,Recommended,474210,33488461,Posted: 12 July,all,ur mum,"People complaining about enemy spawns and the game being too hard, lol git gud it's not even that hard"
,Recommended,474210,30178812,Posted: 25 February,all,Baycosinus,"This game is more brave and wild than Doom when it comes to blood and gore. Seriously.And it's too damn hard.+Amazing soundtrack+Amazing visuals+Amazing gameplay - weapon feeling is better than most of next gen FPS games.*Extremely Hard. It's bad for me but, hey, i suck at these games, so it might actually be a plus. You decide."
,Recommended,474210,31919235,Posted: 23 May,all,PapaKarlo,"I. Want. More.Great game. Short, challenging, meaty and extremely fun.Levels are nice, complex and interesting. There is good variety of enemies, they are fun and distinct. Arsenal isn't very reach, but every weapon got it's place and they are very satisfying to use.Gameplay is frantic, risk is rewarding, exploration is limited but still present.Blood and gore everywhere, good music and deep long screams of dying people.I instantly loved the game. The only big concern is very ""cheap"" difficulty setting:Harder difficulty makes your health 66%, the hardest simply deletes medkits and armor from the game.It's actually make the game LESS than it was, you don't have any reason to be aggressive and risk closing with the enemy to pick a medkit from him. Basically replaying the game on the same difficulty (66% with medkits) is more fun, than trying next difficulty."
,Recommended,474210,25994647,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,lusidity,"Wow, just as advertised. This game is HARD and the pixel graphics are beautiful."
76561198017175169,Recommended,474210,25888500,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Laiaar,Doom + Soldat/Abuse = This Game'Nuff said
,Recommended,474210,25917487,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,inverlock̥,"One of the best platform shooters I've ever played.By the way, when it says hard is the easiest difficulty it isn't joking."
,Recommended,474210,25935107,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Raptor,"Your opponents have good aim and hit hard; bullets, medicine, and armor are sparse; and there aren't many traps, so beating levels relies primarily on skill as compared to luck. The game is fast-paced and fun. My only complaint is that it was somewhat short and there weren't many guns and enemies. To the developers: consider extending it!"
76561198015598027,Recommended,474210,26004837,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Jerry Lewis r.i.p.,gg very brutal and very brutal good music !
,Recommended,474210,26022903,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,BLOODSH⊕T,"It's fun, but don't believe the Doom/Quake Comparison for a second- the environments and cutscenes have lots of visual depth, and the game is fun, nu-retro and difficult, but a more apt comparison would be with Hotline Miami- the music is fast paced, the game is fast paced, you die in seconds. Your character in comparison to these environments is tiny- smaller than the original mario- and the enemies are tiny, which is most of the reason you'll die in the first place. After you get used to looking for four grey pixels with one peach colored pixel on top in a vast sea of red, black, grey, etc. (or whatever the case may be later on in the game), difficulty is a matter of whatever setting you're on and whatever strategy you employ. I find it quite fun and fulfilling in terms of the gameplay, and the environments, soundtrack, sound design, gore and everything else is phenominal. I just really wish they had put a dollar or two more into making the characters larger than a baby fly- not even by much, just a few more pixels. But that's a personal thing. Worth the ten bucks if you're into this sorta thing."
,Recommended,474210,26279070,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,The holy mac n cheese,"This game is very hard lol, you have to move fast and be accurate because ammo runs out faster then you may think.Play this game if you are tough enough to hunt bears for a living.P.S First levels are hell and it only gets harder"
,Recommended,474210,26344150,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Muscle Moose,"Don't have a meaty review to leave. It's an amazing game. Really difficult 2D shooter in the style of DOOM and Soldat (no online ofc, but very similar)."
76561198080493211,Recommended,474210,26406539,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,The Salt Slinging Slasher,"I felt compelled after about two hours of gameplay to make a review. I don't often make these, but I HAD to clarify something.Normally, when I see a game comparing itself to other games or reviewers saying that a game is ""basically X game"" I immediately don't want to buy it. Normally I see it as a really cheap way to sell a game by claiming it's similar to a classic without really being close in any way that matters. It's ALWAYS exaggerated and I feel games almost never deserve the comparison.I don't hesitate when I say that this game in so many ways really is a two dimensional Doom. I loved the games when I was younger and this really forms a perfect recreation of the feelings I got from Doom. There's secrets, enemies are varied somewhat, weapons feel good and effective, and ammo conservation is a big deal just like it was in Doom. The atmosphere is perfect, the soundtrack is pretty good too.If you were a fan of Doom or Quake, and like two dimensional shooters, I can't impress upon you enough how good of a pickup this game will be for you. Get it."
76561198101863074,Recommended,474210,25991847,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,McSaucyNugget,"Lets get the bad out first, at worst you will be repetedly doing a level over and over again until there is no incetive to even keep trying. You are just burnt out and the level and shooting senarios get dull and repetitive. I wish that it would tell you when you killed someone, because when I shoot someone with a shot gun and them stumble back and fall down, I think they are dead, but then the seeming less dead enemy gets back up and shoot me in the back. This could be easily fixed by showing a little que like a little skull apearing above their dead bodies or a little ""+1 kill"" phrase apear next to your character. Ive seen some complaints about how the color pallete is the same throughout the game (which in my opinion is awesome) and because of the red and gray colors it can make seeing an enemy hard, like as if the're camoflaged. I honoestly dont think this is a very big problem, I think it adds to the hardness of the game (and besides once you develop some muscle memory for the game it becomes very easy to spot enemies) Also as a side note this game is f*cking HARD. I mean Super Meat Boy hard, and im playing on the easiest difficulty! I love that the game is hard because once you beat a really tough level you feel like you have mastered the game and feel super acomplished. But the game being really tough to beat may turn some people off.OkNow for the good!First off, the idea of you being a terminator-robot-killing machine is awesome! You feel like a total badass when you kill a guy, pick up his bullets, kill another guy with those bullets, then walk over to his dead body ad completely mutilate it with your chain saw. The pixel art and the blood and the music completely set the tone! You really feel like you are living in a post apocalyptic world and the design of everthing looks like Doom, The Movie Alien, and Super Meat Boy had a mangled,  hellish, baby. The level design is perfect and is the perfect blend of strategy, difficulty, and guns-blazing rambo style. Ammo and health conservation are extremely important which adds a nice layer of almost survival-ish feel to the game. The shooting and platforming are really smooth and it all seems to flow really nicely.Overall I would rate BUTCHER, a solid 8.5/10, and a must palyWISHLIST:Drop-In Co-op: this would be so much fun to play with your bro on the couch or online through the mic, I highly recommend the devs add online Co-op and local Co-op for up to 4 players.Online Versus: OMG it would be so fun to be dropped in to map with six other players with a gun of their choice, and battle to the death, or team desthmatch. It would be too much fun.Level Creator: This game is dying for a level editor, people could create so many amazing levels in the steam workshop. The campaine is already amazing and it would be really nice to have some communtity level to play once you finish (if you even can beat the campain)If the devs added these things I would rate this game a shining 10/10 its still a must play game, even without these features"
76561198126975019,Recommended,474210,28540790,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,wolfinston85,"So I played like 40 minutes and all of them I spend with the wimpy dlc thingy, and the game is just like ecstasy or something, I mean i've never had it, but it's just so great that I feel my head light, like you know, like I can't get hurt by anything or something, I mean say whatever you want about people that play games on easy, or whatever, but the truth is this is the first game in years, and even in decades even, that has made me feel so care free, it's just amazing, and it's incredible that they added that wimpy dlc, because I really get frustrated when dying a lot of times in games, is not that it frustrates me because I suck, is just that even the effort of trying not to suck frustrates me, but this is just great, and it's so gory too, I mean when your enemies get crushed with a platform and stuff, the blood just flies everywhere.So it's amazing, and it's wonderful, and great, and you should buy it and play it and just fly with it or something."
76561198131582058,Recommended,474210,25972387,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Wurfe,"Babiis give this game a negative review because it's ""too hard"".Look the game is great, especially for the price. Shredding difficulty, awesome pixelated art, stellar soundtrack, and even secret collectibles. And most of all the game is just fun.A good game to release those pent up aggressions on as well.If you have decent reflexes, hard mode should take you 2-4 hours to beat, I have yet to start harder runs because I want to collect all the secrets first.Buy the game!Only major con I can think of is that I wish there were more boss battles. The final boss is great, and I know it's following the formula of Doom (levels chock full of enemies and a big final boss at the end), but I can't help but wonder what other designs the developers could have used on bosses."
,Recommended,474210,25875914,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,labtob,"it is fast, fun, gorey, and challenging.What else is there?"
76561198010899600,Recommended,474210,26017458,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mr_bigmouth_502,"Pros:- Fun gameplay- TONS of gore :D- Satisfying death animations- Good music- Charming pixel graphicsCons:- Difficulty can be somewhat overwhelming- No quicksaving- No multiplayer- Weapons have low ammo caps- Could be better optimized for low-spec systemsOverall:BUTCHER is a brutally difficult, but fun 2D sidescrolling shooter that should be right up your alley if you enjoy games like Hotline Miami, Postal, Doom, or Soldat. Despite some of my other gripes, this game's only real flaws are its lack of multiplayer and deceptively high system requirements. The latter can probably be ignored if you have a dedicated GPU, but it is something you should be aware of if you're playing on a system with first generation Intel HD graphics."
76561197979961681,Recommended,474210,33074023,Posted: 1 July,all,HexeR,"The devs stated that they were going for a side-scroller Quake, and I feel like they have completely accomplished just that with BUTCHER.  Violent, fast, atmospheric, and of course, fun.Can't wait to see what they'll make next."
76561198031009393,Recommended,474210,27508068,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,R E A L N I B B A H O U R S,"butcher is probably harder than nuclear throne and enter the gungeon very few weapons, they get the job done though. Theres a feature that should make this game m rated, but its funny. This is one of those games that really gets your blood pumping. My friend's worst enemy in games are sawblades, and there are sawblade spiders. You can kick enemies onto hooks, kick enemies into lava, and kick enemies. Enemies dont kill you in one shot, but that makes it harder to survive.Get this game if you like buying new computers continuosly from punching your computer too hard"
76561197985788085,Recommended,474210,31226720,Posted: 18 April,all,The Fifth Dentist,I Wanna Be The Terminator
,Recommended,474210,25969131,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Your Best Friend,"A very well put together, frantic, and gory shooter. Meant to be speedrun and mastered like Meatboy or Hotline Miami, but has it's own flavor of arcade-y violence that makes it fun."
,Recommended,474210,26036041,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,A stupid. loser,Amazing game. This game is like doom's brother. There is only one word to sum this game up: badass.
76561198027022941,Recommended,474210,26127506,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,33rd,+gore+gore+gore+gore+gore+gore10/10
,Recommended,474210,33601644,Posted: 16 July,all,Miah,"I love this game.Pros:MusicSound FXControlsLevel DesignVisualsChallengeWeaponsViolenceCons:None.Difficulty:I was on the fence about getting Butcher since I was concerned it might be too difficult. Butcher is very challenging and it is a very hard game. But, it's hard in a way that keeps you coming back for more. You have to think about how you can improve your strategy and react to enemy behavior. The game draws you back in after you take a break to regroup or calm your nerves from an intense session. Conquering a level feels like an accomplishment and pushes you on to continue fighting your way through stages. The lowest difficulty setting for Butcher is hard. I realized after beating it that there is DLC that unlocks a casual difficulty setting. I'd suggest attempting it with everything you have on hard mode. If you reach your wit's end and feel like throwing in the towel, give casual mode a whirl so that you can experience all of the levels and complete the game. Trust me, it's worth it either way.Similarities:I'm a huge fan of Broforce. Butcher is similar to Broforce with its 2d pixelated graphics. Butcher allows for you to shoot diagnonally, whereas Broforce only lets you shoot directly in front of you. Broforce tends to focus more on comedy. Butcher is more intense and violent.Checkpoints:Butcher does not have checkpoints. The game is designed for the player to survive a level in its entirety. At first this might seem off-putting or frustrating. But, part of the joy of the game is learning to manage your ammo and utilizing appropriate weapons for different types of enemies. Completing a level wouldn't be as rewarding if you could just inch your way through it with checkpoints.Controls:The controls in this game are smooth and responsive. This is good, because you must react quickly to enemies and move fast when pinned down. I used a PS4 controller and I recommend using a controller over a mouse/keyboard if you can. At times, your thumbs can get a bit sore from riding the analog sticks while aiming during intense battles. This is usually a sign that you need to take a break from the game and regroup.Music:Besides the menu music which I wasn't that fond of, I absolutely loved the soundtrack for this game. It's textbook industrial with thumping beats and dark synthesizers. It really sets the mood and none of the stage music grated on me during repeated attempts at finishing levels. For the final boss battle, I tried turning off the music. Not because I didn't like it, but because I was trying to calm my nerves from the intensity of the music. It ended up helping a bit and I was able to calm down enough to focus on my attack strategy.Weapons:The weapons are awesome in this game. You get a chainsaw, shotgun, assault rifle, flamethrower, grenade launcher, and rail gun. You become intimately familiar with how each weapon works and what kind of damage you can inflict on enemies. When you equip the rail gun, be sure and note that you can hold the fire button to charge the weapon for a more devastating blast. I was not initially aware that you could do this and I was firing it without a charge. This made some stages insanely difficult for me. I managed to make it through them after several tries and a lot of cursing, but it would have been so much easier had I known how to charge it.Levels:Each set of stages has a certain theme. You start off in an industrial complex, invade a military base, explore a jungle outpost, infiltrate a research lab in a volcano, and fight your way through a futuristic city that reminded me of Blade Runner. Most stages are linear and allow for exploration and platforming, but certain sections have arenas where you get locked in and have to fight enemies that appear out of thin air. The arenas are some of the most difficult aspects of the game, but these melees allow for you to hone your skills and dominate the sections that give you a little breathing room.Character Size:Your character is tiny. Even smaller than characters in Broforce. I would suggest playing this game on a big screen. I played the game on a projector displaying on an entire wall in my house. If you have a lot of screen real estate, you shouldn't have any trouble keeping tabs on your character and the intricacies of enemy movements. There's a lot going on in this game and you don't want to get lost squinting at pixels from across the room on a small screen. The game is also dark. This adds to the mood, but if you have too much contrast you might have trouble seeing the details of level environments.Skulls:Skulls seem to be hidden in walls and ceilings that seem completely out of reach. I scooped up a handful, but most I completely disregarded. Often times you are just trying to survive let alone worry about collecting extra goodies. I found myself hoarding ammo and health versus taking risks exploring levels for skulls. Maybe on subsequent play-throughs I'll take the time to try and hunt these down. But, for now, I was just relieved to survive the game on hard mode without rage quitting.Tips:As I said before, charge the rail gun. Take breaks from the game when you are overwhelmed. Take some time to think about your strategy and how you can improve. Part of the joy of this game is problem solving and self improvement. Find your rhythm. As you progress, your movements start to become more controlled and deliberate. Familiarize yourself with the capabilities of your weapons and use the best tool for the job. Conserve your ammo. Don't waste your bullets and try to focus on accurately aiming even when things get hectic. When you encounter characters without weapons, don't mow them over with the chainsaw if you have full health. Save them for later if you need a health boost. Take cover. Use the environment to your advantage and protect your character from taking damage out in the open. Don't give up! You can do this!Conclusion:I honestly love everything about this game. If you love games like Broforce and are up for a challenge, you will love Butcher. I wish there were more quality run and gun platformers out there. 1st person shooters give me motion sickness, so for me this is the next best thing. It truly feels like a side scrolling Doom game and the sound of all the weapons mixed with the industrial soundtrack is exhilarating. It's damn fun to play and cathartic. Do yourself a favor and buy this rollercoaster ride of a game. I really don't think you'll regret it. I didn't."
,Not Recommended,474210,25992219,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Sqoon,"A few things that didn't agree with me, gameplay wise was that every stage just gets increasingly longer, so it's more of an endurance round sort of game. That in itself is not bad, but there are a few gripes that compound the annoying factor of the game:Everything is small. You're a guy made of like, 15 pixels or around there, running around in dark corridors shooting at other 15 pixel sized people. This is the type of ""What today's game developers think classic games looked like"" kind of character graphics.The enviroment work is AMAZING, but with that, alot of colors start to blend in, it becomes hard to spot enemies during chaotic moments.It's hard only because you have such little health, ammo. That's a challenge, that's alright, but that's the only challenge it brings.I technically bought this on the premise that DOOM gets plastered everywhere on the description of this game. If you're looking for something like Doom, I wouldn't bother with this. It feels like the game is piggy backing off the name.The game is not BAD, but it's more annoying than challenging to play.Debating between Devil Daggers and Butcher. I had more fun with Devil Daggers."
76561197977466230,Recommended,474210,28003615,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Coucheese,Does not contain meat
,Recommended,474210,27703790,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Badulf; Jötunn,"You can kill things, blow up things, mash 'F' enough times to jerk off and ♥♥♥♥ on corpses. But the greatest quality of it all, it's a challenging game. Challenging enough that you would ram your fist through a screen after dying at least 30+ times, then mash 'F' repeatedly to masturbate and ♥♥♥♥ all over your broken monitor.10/10Would murder and 'F' mashing masturbate again"
76561197978607081,Recommended,474210,31777445,Posted: 15 May,all,Falcon Buttpunch,"This game is good stuff. Absolutely brutal. Great fun to play, and quick restarts for the inevitable hundred or so deaths you'll be suffering. Sweet soundtrack too."
,Recommended,474210,25910594,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,LittleLuigi737,*Quake Vibes Intensifes*
,Recommended,474210,25916495,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Camren,"Shoot a lot. Die a lot. Rage a lot. Have fun...a lot. Seriously though, good job THD. :)"
,Recommended,474210,25881628,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Whiskey Juliet,"Bought Butcher at Launch and so far I'm not disappointed.If you like a gritty setting and fast challenging action platforming then you can't go wrong with Butcher.- A Challenging Platformer -For the experienced platformer player I recommend starting on the 2nd difficulty (Normal game play with 66.6% health). It can be tricky even in the first stage with limited pickups, ammo and weapons when a couple of well placed hits will turn you into a cloud of metal and blood. If you are the kind of player who enjoyed the Cave Story Ballos end game levels or the risk reward game play of Teleglitch then this is a game for you.- Nice Design -The art style is very nice for those that like a low-fi aesthetic but also for fans of dark industrial level design and ultra gore. For a pixelesque game it contains a lot of detail, which really helps adds to the atmosphere. The music is great also and really sets the tone well. Levels structure is like a few classic platformers with a hub world that shows progression through 'episodes' or worlds, each containing 4/5 stages. The stages are mostly linear 'get to the exit', kill the guys, find the secret skulls, trigger some traps, press right bracket ""]"" to explode like a lemming etc. But there are also hidden paths, which help you get the drop on difficult enemies.In conclusion, get Butcher! It's only the cost of a couple of beers and certainly more entertaining.TLDR: Den outta Den! That's a spicy meatball!"
,Recommended,474210,25921377,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Elohim,"Just finished my first run of the game. Roughly 3 hours not including time spent in game paused.Starting with the reason I bought the game, it showed up as a ""New Release"" the day I purchased it, (the day it came out) it was on sale, (10% off) and most had an appealing graphic.Visiting the store page, the narration of the video caught my attention more than the video itself. We've all seen Pixel games trying to capture an old school feeling by now, but the sales pitch video was incredibly well done.The immediate reaction was nostalgic, and the game's art direction felt uncompromised.The game is heavily reminiscent of DOOM, as people playing have already learned, but doesn't lack it's own unique charm.The simplest flip is that you're fighting humans as opposed to being the human fighting demons. No matter how simple a pixelated representation of a human being is, you're going to feel more connected to the waves of enemies you're going through, solely because you know what they're meant to represent.That said, you don't always know exactly what they represent (in terms of weaponry.) This may be because I personally didn't pay enough attention to the models, or that often times in exterminations, you wouldn't have time to take in visual cues, or simply because the developers wanted to get the most out of the lack of variety in enemy types by making each encounter as surprising as possible.If the latter is the case, then it was very well done, because as early as I found myself noticing the lack of weapon diversity between enemies, I found myself realizing I would never really care. Each enemy poses a realistic threat, and I'm no less afraid of the grunt with a shotgun, than I am of the assault rifle.Enemy types were also slightly varied by the jetpack enemy types, and their death animation is so satisfying, you would be hard pressed to find someone who could honestly tell you it got old fast.I didn't get tired of anything no matter how many times I repeated a level, but I would liked to have seen more saw spiders, or hazards that really made you think about your position. The way the game is set up a saw killing me never felt wholly unfair, and usally felt like my fault, keeping anger out of the game, and instead making me want to improve.It was good to look through the achievements and see that the game was built with speedrunning in mind, and will likely be the first game I attempt to git gud at enough to speedrun in an unbroken segment.However, I would really enjoy to see challenge levels or additional boss battles implemented in a future update. If there's enough there, I'm sure it would warrant a $5 price tag that people would happily pay.In terms of core gameplay, Butcher is nothing that hasn't been done before, so it leans heavily on it's difficulty, aesthetic, and sound design. You could say that all these things make the game and saying it leans on them has negative connotations, but core gameplay is imperative.Of course, the core gameplay is something tried and true. Slight platforming, point and click to shoot, don't stop moving. So the core gameplay isn't an issue, and is entirely enjoyable, again, it's just nothing new or innovative.With that out of the way, the visuals are fantastic. At times you feel like you're seeing a lot of the same palette, and the colors are very monotone aside from a few signs in The Last City and the Bloom on lava in various areas, but it helped me feel like this was a human race plagued by tehse sorts of raids, and near collapse. The visuals lend to the immersion quite well for a pixel game, and although I would liked to have seen a few more colorful areas, or colorful markings on certain objects, enemeis, etc, there isn't much negative to say about a color scheme that lends well to the idea behind the game.The art style as a whole felt uncompromised from start to finish. I was impressed by the industrail look that remained prevalent throughout, especially that of saw-spiders, and the gore was over the top and extremely satisfying for a 2D game.The sound design was something I enjoyed quite a bit as well. I may not have been paying attention to a lot of the different kinds of music playing on stages, but the music caught my attention less than the game's ambient noise.That's not to say that the music wasn't enjoyable, and actually got my interest to a point that I'd like to do something with the game's music in the future, but getting back to the sound.Enemy deaths were well done to the point that every time an enemy killed gave off an audio cue you felt satisfied. This ties back into the game's difficulty in knowing that every enemy is deadly, so that every audio cue for an enemy death is rewarding.The screams, moans, screeches when an enemy dies from a flame, the saws, animals, being underwater, all very well done, from order of best to worst. (The lowest praise is good)Wrapping up.Pros.-Paced well (for the most part)-Great sound design/Good soundtrack-Visuals lend to the immersion-Doesn't get boring quickly-Price tag-Nostalgic without being unoriginal-Speed running encouraged-Difficult without being unfair-Satisfying shooterCons.-Short-Unrewarding final stage-Core gameplay is something most people have experienced-Levels are never long enough to warrant a checkpoint-Exterminations overused (Due to length of the game and ability to space them)-Color pallete can seem washed out or monotone-Rarely saw enemy types specific weapons were introduced for (Flamethrower, grenade launcher)I would include that no real explanation of the game's story can be eitehr a pro or a con. Some people are interested in the lore of a world. I personally was satisfied with just ""Go kill♥♥♥♥♥♥for the ♥♥♥♥ of it."" The ending reinforced this for me and I found it wholly satisfying.If the game can garner enough attention to warrant additional content to the extent of nearly doubling the game's length, (or the creation of a sequel/prequel) that might be something people would be interested in seeing.TL;DR This game kicked my nuts in half. A definite must play for the price."
76561198119835591,Recommended,474210,25896327,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,mmacarthur,"This is kind of like Quake rendered as a 2D platformer. It looks great, which is a good thing, because if it didn't I think many would give up in frustration. It is very tough. But it has a very nice aesthetic, and plays smooth, so you find yourself replaying even if only to die over and over.I tried to make a Steam Controller config for it, but reverted back to the keyboard and mouse because I tended to play better that way. Looks like they are working on a Xbox controller option, which could work best if it offers a twin-stick style control scheme. I haven't tried it (it's ""experimental"" at this point) so I can't comment.I recommend if you like the look and tone of the game, but just know it is difficult.PS: I tried the Xbox controls, it actually helps, especially with aiming. Better yet, Steam controller using this setting."
76561198145219090,Recommended,474210,25994080,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,CaptainCoochie,I havent played a lot of it yet but from what i played its pretty good. well worth the price
76561198120723997,Recommended,474210,25877566,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SoapyGecko YT,The Definition Of Blood Guts And♥♥♥♥♥Kicking. Non stop action waits around every nook cranny and lava pit!
,Recommended,474210,25877608,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Timbrewolf,"WE CALLED THE NORMAL DIFFICULTY HARD♥♥♥♥ YOU MOM AND DADIt's an overall well made game but I don't think it does anything particularly great beyond its presentation (the pixel art and music).  The gameplay is difficult, but in the ""I'll just do this over and over until I learn where everything is/comes from"" kinda way.  If you're looking for a cheap, retro, skill intensive game I would recommend Devil Daggers over this.  Brigador is another game to consider.  Still, it's cheap enough to not regret purchasing even if it is overall kinda ho-hum.  The IN YO ♥♥♥♥IN' FACE HARDCORE VIOLENCE comes off not as annoying as Hatred but neither as fun as Strafe or as succesfully as the new DOOM.7/10 it's okay.Note:  When perusing through all the other seemingly overwhelming BEST GAME EVAR reviews please note the surprisingly large volume of people who seem to have received this for free.  I'm not sayin' anything specific, I'm just sayin'."
,Not Recommended,474210,31373804,Posted: 26 April,all,UncleYar,"Overhyped, I was expecting it to be much more fun based on Steam reviews. That'll teach me to trust those.It's kind of a 2D Painkiller, you very often get locked in arenas and enemies spawn around you leaving you a split-second to react. Well, it's like Painkiller if you always wished that Painkiller made you jump around on platforms all the time while trying to shoot enemies... more on this below. The gameabsolutely doesn't give you a Doom or Quake feeling, that part of the game description is misleading.Pros:- Loads of blood and gore, cool fire and lighting effects, satisfying gun sounds- Nice parallax backgrounds- Shooting with the mouse, a rare feature I've missed from platformers like Abuse and Soldat.Cons:- One hand being busy with the mouse means that jumping and dropping from platforms is on the same hand as moving left and right, so jumping will be awkward no matter how you configure controls. The problem is that there's a lot of jumping around AND jumping down platforms required to avoid fire or being stabbed to death in the aforementioned arena, so expect a lot of awkardness and unnatural straining of your left hand. This might actually be better with a controller, haven't tried yet, but then you give up on the precision mouse shooting.Mouse shooting worked in Abuse because the emphasis was on the shooting, not platforming, and you didn't need a ""get down from platform"" button. It worked in Soldat because it was a PvP game with a limited number of human enemies and a relatively methodical pace, not a horde game.If this game had only solid platforms you cannot traverse downwards (think Super Metroid for those who never played Abuse) it would already be much better off because it would have one less platforming button to worry about. In that sense the game is let down by its level design.-Game makes you worry about clips and reloading, definitely not a feature of the games it claims to be inspired by. There are no good visual clues for that (and you wouldn't have time to look at them anyways, see: jumping around), so you have to count your shots or rely on sound... or most likely, try to take a shot and have the gun not react and reload instead, while the enemy shoots you in the face. In this kind of frantic shooter it's more of a stupid distraction, Doom and Quake lacked reloading for a good reason, not because the technology didn't allow it.-Very pixelated, hard to see brown enemies on a brown background. Distinctions between foreground and background objects are badly indicated, you have to learn by trying to go through stuff or most likely, by being shot at through stuff. Doesn't go great with the following point.- Weapons don't have a max range (similar to Soldat in that sense) and AI enemies are programmed to shoot with full accuracy, so you constantly get shot from the other side of the screen or through a tiny gap between two obstacles by enemies you barely see. Limiting ranges or making all platforms block fire would have made the action more in-your-face.- Very difficult as advertised, only it has some very obnoxious enemies that teleport to you and nearly instakill you if you don't react. Unless you have insane reflexes you're likely to get very frustrated by those. Again, this was not a feature of Doom/Quake or any good shooter I remember, for that matter.- You play the bad guy. Meh. I prefer playing the good guys.- ""Community"" or those responsible for over-hyping are a bunch of friggin' foaming at the mouth elitists who put down anyone who dares criticize the game (just wait for the comment section below, that should be proof enough). Basically game's a magnet for antisocial teenagers in need of validation.Might give it another shot since I exceeded the refund time anyways, but this whole pretending to be Doom or Quake-inspired and then locking you up in arenas left a bad taste in my mouth and tipped the review in the negative."
,Recommended,474210,29349387,Posted: 18 January,all,Dumb Bunny,"My favorite part was the masturbation easter egg, but i'm pretty gay so what do I know."
,Recommended,474210,25884211,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Finny Malay BR,the game is very bloody which is very good
,Recommended,474210,25877825,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Vigrid,"Simple, upbeat shooter/platformer with elements of combat set in a friendly world of horror, blood, guts, guns, shells, chains, lava,OH MY GOD so many blood particles!!!"
,Recommended,474210,25904486,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dan,Now im sure im a psychopath.
,Recommended,474210,25917722,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Director Bison,ChallangeingLots of blood and goreReally good atmosphereThe shooting and plaforming is tight and satisfyingMain objective is to kick every living things♥♥♥♥♥Cool game
,Recommended,474210,26134644,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Panther Modern,"BUTCHER......is the TOTALLY BRUTAL, BLOOD-SLATHERED SIDE-SCROLLER YOU ALWAYS WANTED.Buy it yesterday.It's brutal."
,Recommended,474210,32789429,Posted: 25 June,all,Pelsepuupp1,Delicious carnage...
,Recommended,474210,26312041,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,tOMME,+1
,Recommended,474210,25919212,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,eydeyem,beautiful10 first achievements ''Tried Hard'' of 10
,Recommended,474210,26395897,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Nani!?,"THISGAMENEEDSPVP!with special pvp maps and steam workshop support(but other than that it is a very good, very fun, addictive game and you should buy it... now... just do it)"
,Recommended,474210,26131674,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dirty Harry,Really good fast action game just to wind down with
76561198279990805,Recommended,474210,28769273,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Marshall_DCLXVI,"there are no words that can describe the experience of playing this masterpiece, I would say ""ultra-violent"" and ""hardcore""are just two understatements to describe this game, solid gameplay, fast and fluent in style, dynamic music and envoiriment and killing style, this is not a game, this is a bad LSD trip, if yer a bad-a*s who is in love with gore pain violence you gotta try this, if you've played ""manhunt"" ""doom"" ""the punisher"" ""mad world"" ""hotline miami"" ""gta"" growing up, gotta tell ya, you have not seen sh*t, trust me, pure ultra-violence, play it and reach pure or**sm."
,Recommended,474210,28789754,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,alceuvitorpx,"The title ""Brutal"" says everything about the game. Its like Hotline Miami and Doom had a child. The downgrade is the lenght based only in the hard difficult to make the game last. The game should have tools for the community create more levels to play."
76561198129416848,Recommended,474210,31311245,Posted: 22 April,all,GameZ4Ever_YT,Good Game Post A vid On Youtube Very Good Game
,Recommended,474210,28909936,Posted: 1 January,all,pikkukalsari,Super Meat Boy with a shotgun.
76561198017345617,Recommended,474210,33500062,Posted: 13 July,all,LaunchThePolaris!,Can't get enough of getting my♥♥♥♥♥smashed.
76561198009092256,Recommended,474210,28431648,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,s_mack,me likey...me likey a lot!
,Recommended,474210,33847760,Posted: 27 July,all,KittenSlayer64,"If you want a game that'll♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, but force you to keep playing because of how fun it is, play this."
76561198027635354,Recommended,474210,25891680,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Verrazano,"I started by getting my♥♥♥♥♥handed to be a couple 20-50 times I can't really keep track at this point. Then I finally got past the first level. I then got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to be another bunch of times. I then started to feel like I was turning into a killing machine, I could really feel myself get better at killing dirty humans.Even though the game kicks your butt if you persevere you can plan and really start to make progress through the levels. I'm on the 4th set of stages now still working my way through it. I'm glad that the game adds new weapons and enemies to deal with as well.Would recommend, if you are having trouble with the dark graphic try turning up the contrast and turning off the crt shader it helps a lot."
,Recommended,474210,25894265,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tactical Bacon,"Great game in almost all respects.  Graphics are awesome, music is badass, and controls are (for the most part) tight. However, while I don't mind difficulty, replaying the whole level because of one mistake seems is more irritating than compelling. Even hotline miami had checkpoints, and for good reason.  Brutal difficulty is only fun if you have rapid iteration, which is not the case here. Let me be clear, I don't think an easy mode is what they need, just some sort of (even optional) checkpoint system. I love the moment to moment gameplay; I don't love replaying the same sections over an over again just to get to the bit I have trouble with."
76561198008836686,Recommended,474210,25888710,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,BrotherPotato,YES. *SHOOT* YES.
76561198209434037,Recommended,474210,25912516,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,mcross75,super meat boy meets doom.Difficulty setting: Extreme
,Recommended,474210,26071873,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Boon Boon,Sick of reading? Check out my video review instead!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBxDB1_pr0o
76561197964186466,Recommended,474210,25912777,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Algorithmic Sadness,"Very good and solid game.The game's presentation is top-notch (the visuals and audio fit together perfectly) and the gameplay is nothing short of perfect.The controls are tight, there is a new challenge every level and you get non-stop action and challenge every inch of the way to the end.The only downside I can think of, is that this game is very short. You can easily complete the whole game in under 4 hours. If it was any longer, I'd gladly pay more for the game!"
,Recommended,474210,25897169,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,It's 2D DOOM and thats facking cool as hell buy it
76561198102013547,Recommended,474210,26101352,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ChaseKasp,Yes yes. Absolutely fun
76561198022395043,Recommended,474210,33416635,Posted: 9 July,all,your_breakfast,This game is what you would get if Quake 1 and the first Super Mario had an ugly b@$t@rd-ch!ld. And I mean an ugly b@$t@rd-ch!ld in it's positive sence.
,Recommended,474210,29590806,Posted: 30 January,all,h3.,This game is insane. I had to play it slowed down with cheat engine before I got good enough to play it at regular speed. Feels like a cross between Super Meat Boy and Quake/Doom on drugs. Give it a shot if that sounds like it would appeal to you and you think you have good reflexes.
,Recommended,474210,32295351,Posted: 9 June,all,Pretentieux,Game delivers what is advertised.  Developer vision seems realized.
,Recommended,474210,25936575,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,six oak,the game isn't the only thing thats hard ( ° ʖ °)  10/10
,Recommended,474210,28743561,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,baron grime siege,BUTCHER is bassicly doom 2d? i dunno but it doesnt have check points and the sound design is nice soooo
76561198061750921,Recommended,474210,30456059,Posted: 11 March,all,DeadMan_Playing,"Remember, even if someone is agonizing in a pool of his own guts and blood... crying ...DOESN'T mean you shouldn't kick him into a river full of mutant pirahnas or a wall of spikes.BUTCHER is nice like that.7 out of 10, because it's short, but it still perfectly deliver a healthy, refreshing dose of ♥♥♥♥ EVERYTHING WITH MAH THROBBING CHAINSAW-ROBOTDICK.And really, sometimes, it is all a guy needs. yes. chainsaw robotdick. what ?"
,Not Recommended,474210,28172707,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,rewalzzz,"Pixel style and gameplay look promising in the trailer, but this one gets old pretty quick. And only after an hour and a half of playing, I hit a wall for the difficulty—I played a level probably fifty times without completing it and didn't make significant progress each time. It wasn't even that frustrating because the difficulty is so over the top it's almost silly. This is coming from a guy who loves some really challenging games—think Nuclear Throne—but what makes this especially dissapointing it that the gameplay gets extremely stale which just adds insult to injury. Buy it on sale and waste an hour or so.EDIT: For extra clarification because this is a pretty contentious review: I think the problem with the difficulty in this game lies in the fact that gameplay tends to be really repetitive and monotonous. The times I got stuck in this game, I succeeded through tedious trial and error. I don't feel like there's much of a skill arc, nor is there a whole lot to learn from beyond sharpening your aim. Take Nuclear Throne for example: sure, aim is a huge deal—but equally important are upgrade picks, learning how to use your character, and navigating a level effectively. All of these skills contribute to how far you progress into your ""run"". This game is almost solely based around reflex. I wanted to enjoy it, but after a while the whole ""keep griding until you finally beat the level"" gameplay style is annoying, and I don't feel there's a whole lot I can do to get better beyond playing more.Idk, maybe I'm just impatient. Just make sure to keep these things in mind before buying."
,Not Recommended,474210,25910314,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Vacuity,"Theres so much to love about this game, I hate thumbing it down.The art direction, the sound design, its all a fantastic throwback to the 90s, especially the difficulty. Unfortunetly the difficulty is the where they have completely overdone it.At a glance I was expecting something with a Doom/Quake vibe and aesthetically it absolutely nails this. Gameplay wise however, it's got far more in common with ""I Wanna be the Guy"" and similar games. The way each level requires you replay it endlessly to memorise *every* spawn point and cheap death from hidden level traps just isnt all that fun to me.Some will relish the challenge I have no doubt, but it just wasnt the game I was hoping for.Back to Brutal Doom, I guess..."
,Recommended,474210,25875879,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Slaanesh,the real DOOM!
,Recommended,474210,25876685,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Tink,"It was decent. I liked it, but it's nothing to go wild about. It's a simple game but is fun. Think about the difficulty of Dark Souls mixed in with the fast paced shooter of DOOM along with all of DOOM's gore and violence. The game kinda makes me think of Hotline Miami in a way. If you have extra money to spend, this is a game I'd recommend."
,Recommended,474210,25979585,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,fused,"Please see our review here:https://www.getrekt.com/butcher-in-review/Please note we were not paid for this review, nor recieved the game for free."
76561198054652555,Recommended,474210,25881234,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,DOOM HAMMER,"must buy if you want to see the blood of your enemies (and yours) fill entire levels (walls,platforms e.c.t.)"
76561198328075963,Recommended,474210,26062486,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,SoberGofer,"This game is tight if you like a challange, the enfises on the word BUTCHER, this game will BUTCHER your sole and give you a true test to your game skills and determination. If you  refund this game ♥♥♥♥ off you abviously dont have what it takes to own the title of GAMER."
,Not Recommended,474210,25892509,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,envy.,"what a ♥♥♥♥ing disapppiontment.spectacular 10/10 gameplay.  very fast, very muderous, and it feels very responsive.  The gunwork is satisfying to use, and the game is a nice pleasant challenge on the lowest difficulty (Hard).too bad the spritework is so bad everything blends together so you have to take a magnifying glass to tell if that moving object is an enemy or a prop."
,Recommended,474210,25880471,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Steele,♥♥♥♥ing RAW
,Not Recommended,474210,28940695,Posted: 2 January,all,Hey what?,Not really fast paced since the character movement is a slow trot with frequent stops for arena shootouts as you wait for a door to open. Soundtrack's alright but gets worn out fast when playing and only comes in .ogg format. I didn't dislike it but I didn't really enjoy it either. Probably better if you like platforming.
,Recommended,474210,25880878,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Tory,I like doom but I don't like this as much as doom.Still a good game.Just lacks something I guess that doom has.I think its the fact its 2d and not first person is what makes it hard to like as much as a doom game.
76561197971767322,Not Recommended,474210,26077432,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,BigPopPauly,Only Hard? Not good enough to justify the difficulty.
,Not Recommended,474210,25938635,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,W.A. the Anum,"The Butcher, a hard story...Im honest, i like it if a game is ""challenging"" in a way where the game actually makes fun and great to play. Old games are often hard but still fun to play, some are maybe just broken or you dont understand them at all.The Butcher is not hard in the way i mean, its unfair hard and the problem is its made this way.Deep dark mix of grey & red...and a lot pixels...knowing other games from the creators, like king arthur's gold, you actually could see something in those games back then, in the Butcher, its really hard to see what youre actually shooting at, either where you shooting at sometimes. Most enemys have such colors like the background has or you dont see them at all - and if you do its mostly to late. That said, you ending up playing levels over and over and over again which ruins a lot fun.I mean, i know, it should be one of ""those hard"" games, maybe like ""i wanna be the guy"" but at least this game was kinda ""fun"" (using this word carefully~) wile the butcher is kinda frustrating- You mostly dont see a enemy before he already hit you or killed you- Some traps came so fast in a unfair row that the time to react is very hard- You have only a very limited pack of ammos for EACH weapon.Said that, im at least somehow glad your beginner weapon is a shotgun coz aiming is also hard, said coz of the very ""pixelish"" graphic.I mean, honestly, nostalgie looks better, the Butcher looks on flatscreens like someone tried to create a retro-like looking game but adds some acid effect over it. really, the sprites looks really ugly on big screens nowadays and even games like lemmings where the sprites actually were small look better nowadays on such screens.So should you buy it?Honestly, if you like very hard AND unfair games you might enjoy it, for myself i dont. Its not hard in a way you actually enjoy it, its unfair hard since its created that way. it feels like the creators actually tried something original but failed somehow - or they are sadistic...I just dont recomment it to people who might think the trailer looks ""neat"", srs, its a mess of grey & red and on big screens it looks like a mess of pixels. Not worth for people who wana ""just enjoy a old hard game""."
,Not Recommended,474210,25883328,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Jayson,"It's got the potential to be a fantastic game, and I do get a Doom/Quake vibe from it, but it was too difficult and not in an enjoyable way for me to really recommend it to anyone. I'm pretty sure after a few patches, I'll adjust this review but as it stands, I can't recommend it unless you're looking for a super challenging platformer/arena shooter. I mean, the title screen states that the easiest difficulty is hard, after all."
76561198090589404,Recommended,474210,25877140,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,HorowitzCarilla,"I love so much this game... I need so much this game.Thanks.. Really, with all my heart"
,Not Recommended,474210,26589851,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,crusher,"Flappy bird of platformers. ""Hard"" != ""Frustrating"". This game is super easy, but requires you to muscle-memorize levels that are super long, because you can randomly die after 1 shot of some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI bot.Soldat was created >10 years ago and this game doesn't come close. :("
,Not Recommended,474210,33733070,Posted: 22 July,all,A Beer,"""Hey let's make this game as ugly as possible so visual cues are pointless and our players get headaches.  Frustrating = HARD and pixel graphics = indie cred, right?"""
76561197986267331,Not Recommended,474210,25989995,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,AssaultWaffle,This is a very good black screen simulator.  I am satisfied with the quality of the black.  Very black.  No gameplay though.  Just black.
76561197987327822,Not Recommended,474210,30356585,Posted: 6 March,all,Linny,"Great game but don't ever plug a controller in or you won't be able to use your mouse ever again, and you can't ♥♥♥♥ing aim with a controller anyway."
,Not Recommended,474210,32725209,Posted: 24 June,all,◭ Motitoti ◮,"Pros :Beatiful retro-styled graphics.Amazing soundtrack.Low requirements to run the game.Cons :The game is brutally hard, because of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game mechanics. For example, enemies teleport from nowhere, forcing the player to memorize their spawn patterns. It's not fun because it's hard, it's bad because it's hard.The game is mocking you for choosing ""casual"" mode. Enemies have a lot longer respond time, deal less damage, and have less health. This is not ""casual"" mode, it's easy mode.In my opinion, the only thing fun and kind of thrilling about the game is it's difficulty. The game does not look gory, at least not as gory as Hotline Miami for example. Playing BUTCHER is only fun in the first level, then you get the middle finger in the form of a difficulty spike.The game has no story. Tl;dr version : You are a robot from space, you need to kill every human on earth. In comparison to other brutal games, like Doom or Hotline Miami, their stories are more complex than BUTCHER's : The games have characters, bad guys, good guys etc.In conclusion, I do not recommend BUTCHER to any gamer that loves gore or challenges. Splitting enemies to pieces does not look appealing, and the difficulty does not make it ""cool"" that it's hard. The game is just not fun. At all. Refund it and get something better. I refunded it and bought 5 more games for the price at the Summer Sale."
76561198026281367,Not Recommended,474210,25976259,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Heresiarch,"This game is pointlessly hard. Enemies spawning randomly all around you, enemies running 10 times faster then you with chainsaws, enemies flying like crazy with chainsaws. There is way to much random crap getting on you. I started playing, got the feeling that game is pretty hard but playable hard. Until I hit level 1 from second part and I couldn't pass it. It is fairly long level and there just so many random ways to die. It just doesn't make sense."
,Not Recommended,474210,34065314,Posted: 6 August,all,Cartof,Interesting pixel art action game but its.. too low rez and the jumping and falling through floor mechanic its.. stupid.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGqBYBAfkUo
76561197961785156,Not Recommended,474210,31251972,Posted: 20 April,all,TankFox,Difficulty should start at medium.
76561198003785737,Not Recommended,474210,26002665,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,cptBongo,"I wanted to like this game. but it really is too hard :) Muddy visuals, instadeath and no saving make it frustrating rather than satisfying."
76561197969527574,Not Recommended,474210,28693579,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Binraider,"Too hard. Very long time game player here, and this is just too hard. Sorry. Love the visual aesthetic and sound but barely accessible at all. Shame."
,Not Recommended,474210,31453661,Posted: 29 April,all,DangerouslyAutistic,This game is atastelessmindless shooter.I wouldn't recommend.
76561198022193351,Recommended,474210,25907921,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,white_mage,"Lovely game!PROS:-Feels like Doom-Gameplay is very, very tight-Impressive AI (but not too smart, sweet spot where the game is still fun)-Good level design-Challenge level is perfect for veteran gamersCONS:-I played the demo, and it felt more ""legible"" for lack of a better word. This release makes it much harder to determine what is happening, which makes playing such a fast-paced game needlessly challenging.SUMMARY:Well worth the money, buy it if you want a fun, challenging game in the style of Doom/Doom 2!"
,Recommended,474210,25908006,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Powdered Toastman,"I find this game particularly interesting because I've just been binging on DOOM I, II, and 4 over the last few weeks. I bought this on a whim not really expecting much other than a fun side-scrolling shoot-em up, but was pleasantly surprised to see a well-designed, fun and fast paced, 2D homage to one of the best games of all time, DOOM.Everything from the gritty and dim aesthetics and aggressive sound effects, to the screen-wipe transitions, secrets, and intentionally-dated style of storytelling, BUTCHER offers a very warm and nostalgic, yet totally refreshing take on the shooters of yore.The only significant complaint I have is that the character sprites are very small and lack the definitive amount of detail that the environments are coated with. Sometimes enemies are less-than-obvious to spot and occasionally you'll get gibbed by an enemy that somehow snuck up on you.Fast paced, intense, and as exciting as its source material, nostalgic yet original, BUTCHER is a game that I find very easy to recommend. With the game selling for $10 or less, you're missing out on a great game."
,Recommended,474210,25915329,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,sic,"It's like a side-scrolling DOOM, but with less story and more guts.It's also so difficult it makes you want to rip your hair out."
76561197969017846,Recommended,474210,28694179,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Gal_Anonym,"Really cool game. Has retro feeling, is difficult, but still can be mastered with couple of tries. You can feel ""the dance"" from doom when jumping and shooting your enemies."
76561198010176919,Recommended,474210,30978021,Posted: 6 April,all,ido.yehieli,does pretty much exactly what you'd expect!a bit too hard for my taste but still good.
76561198137298709,Recommended,474210,28265307,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Good N' Dead,This game is very well made. The combat feels better and better every time you play. Eventually you will fly through enemies like Doomguy with berserk.
,Recommended,474210,28420341,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,saltmummy626,"Cool game. Reminds me of terminator, except you are the terminator and the humans are a lot more formidable than the ones from the James Cameron movies. Also it has that Quake feel, which I quite like."
76561197965811997,Recommended,474210,33214314,Posted: 3 July,all,Plague Doctor,"The game is brutal. Dropped a body in a pool of piranha to swim by so I could gut a panther on the other side, and watch it choke to death on its own blood. The game is not easy, so prepare to play a level over and over again, only to: get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stop playing, come back way later, wreak the crap out of said level, rip through two more levels, and get stuck again."
76561198175445865,Recommended,474210,33425380,Posted: 10 July,all,freefood024,"I wouldn't consider it a ""hard"" game, if it was I proably wouldn't enjoy it as much. there's challenge in item managment and studying enemy movement, but I wouldn't consider it reflex or bullethell shooter.with or without a deal get it, it's a good game. you can maybe finish it in a day or two."
76561198044635046,Recommended,474210,33480161,Posted: 12 July,all,scyt4l3,"I approve this product. I can sense that maybe I will never finish it (it is harder than the usual games), but it delivers."
76561198066983814,Recommended,474210,33613782,Posted: 17 July,all,Uncle Skeet,"A short and difficult 2-D shooter. Think of it as a single player Broforce but with more blood, screaming and brutality. The soundtrack gets the blood pumpin in those tense moments when you only have a few bullets left and are close to death. If you like Quake and/or Doom, you'll feel right at home here.Now with the new Level editor, the community can keep making new content for the game. This game is worth it, trust me. I only with more people would learn the level editor and make more levels or that the level editor had a built in totorial for new comers. Look up in the disscussions page and you'll find a pinned message from the devs linking you to a video totorial.Bloody good fun."
,Recommended,474210,30247623,Posted: 28 February,all,WetVein,"I still can't get my controller to work properly.  (xbox 360 pad)I've tried re-mapping the buttons.. but i can't get the right analog to work for aiming.  (it sorta moves, but not where you want it to)My controller works fine for other games.I've tried a bunch of times.. but now i'm giving up.[mac os]Edit - After buying the game on Xbox and enjoying it, i decided to give the mac version another try.   I'm happy to say my 360 pad now works fine.I'm not sure what the cause of my problems were before (i really tried, but just couldn't get the analogs to work)  - but that's all water under the fridge now.I also want to thank the dev for reaching out to me and offering help.  I didn't take it.. as i was feeling quite salty that day.. but i appreciate it nonetheless."
,Recommended,474210,32913737,Posted: 27 June,all,CyborgJester,"Bloody, fast paced, Superb level design and a fitting soundtrack!"
76561198135093487,Recommended,474210,28742997,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Awesreek,"I have only beaten this games first segment, (a pair of 4 similarly themed levels) and I ain't gonna lie, this game is way more awesome than I'd thought it'd be. I was beyond hesitant to get it as I am with most games, but in the end I don't regret my purchase so far. You basically make you way through multi-layered levels collecting weapons, ammo, heath and secrets, whilst slaughtering the suckers that dare appose you. What's interesting about the gameplay I find is that it doesn't seem to favor a play style. I typically charge in bunny hopping like madman and attempting to dodge all thats thrown at me whilst carefully aiming in order to not waist the precious ammo this game doesn't seem to liberally give you. But on the other hand I've sneaking and being careful to be no more or less a valid option.A common description I've seen people give this title is ""DOOM As a platformer!"" and whilst I do understand it, I feel like both of those games at the core flow in a much different manner.The game is challenging, with decent level design, challenging gameplay, chunky weapons, decent audio acrossed the board, and a pretty gritty feeling retro aesthetic that suits the game well.I'd say in looking for complaints, one area I'd persobally point to are this games traps, they're devious and annoying. Unless you've played and died from it before, you'll tend to kick the bucket as this game has a bit if trial and error. Tied with the fact death forces you to completely restart the level, it can definitely get annoying. Regardless of this games difficulty, and even cheap nature at times, rarely did I find myself getting frustrated, and even then I wasn't enraged. ( again I haven't finished the game yet so the cheapness may get worse, but I cant say as of yet.So yes, as of right now, I'd recomend it."
76561198067683541,Recommended,474210,28830067,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,koneda_64,"Fast paced; brutal; tough; addictive.If you like thick and fast, challenging shooters then I thoroughly reccomend this game to you and your mum.Soundtrack is pretty tasty too."
76561198079865941,Recommended,474210,28815356,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pseudocrat,"Pixelated carnage, very fun. Definitely a challenge, but highly addicting. I recommend."
76561197960531884,Recommended,474210,29165904,Posted: 10 January,all,Haz,"Love it. The pixelated graphics is awesome. Can be really hard sometimes, but not frustratingly hard (for me atleast, but I like games like Super Meat Boy and the like). A bit short maybe, took me 3.6 hours to complete (tho I didn't try to find all the secrets). Would have been nice with more weapons as well. Overall tho, 8/10!"
76561198066297673,Recommended,474210,29930395,Posted: 14 February,all,Porkachu,"This is a 2d shoot-em-up doom/quake like game. It focuses on tight gameplay and quick reaction to your scenario. Line of sight is everything in this game because if an enemy has line of sight to you, he will shoot you. And trust me, you don't want to be shot. The campain consists of 4 zones each with 4 levels and then a final boss level at the very end of the game. It took me about 2 hours and seven minutes to complete on the easiest dificulty (Hard) and it left me with some good clutch memories.Some good things!The background art really helps contribute to the atmosphere of the game. In all the zones I could tell they put good time and thought into level design.Something this game does very well is make you use all of your weapons. Since ammo management is key and they don't give infinite of it, you must make sure to swap weapons regularly so you can be prepered for something new.The developers are working on the game still and just recently they added a level editor with workshop support. I spent some time in the edditor and you can do a lot which I find very exciting. I hope people will be able to create custom campains for people to work on. The developers have been tossing around the idea of either a local multiplayer or online pvp type mode around but there is nothing definete yet.Once you beat the first dificutly the progressive dificulties get much harder. The amount of mistakes you are aloud to make goes from Few to NoneSome bad thingsI found the boss a bit underwhelming. He was just a little gimicky but once you figure out what to do he should go by pretty smoothly.Campain was a litte short, but I'm sure the other dificulties will take more time as well as custom levels.Not good or bad?The game defenity has a dificutly spike but as long as you really start focusing on your platforming and aim, the levels will come with ease.Piranhas seemed very underwhelming and I felt served no real purpose other than theme.Flamethrower is just a little underwhelming compared to everything else."
76561197961448101,Recommended,474210,31032406,Posted: 8 April,all,Originalgamer13,"Fun game, nice time waster. controls are still goofy with a controller, not sure why i have to use the dpad and joystick to move character and aim but whatever. difficulty is pretty stupid. you kill everyone and then poof, another wave, and poof, another wave, and poof... another wave. kinda redundant.  this is a game that deserves a rating scale out of 10, not just a thumbs up or down. it really leaves me on the fence for judgement."
76561198202533629,Recommended,474210,31152101,Posted: 15 April,all,Nigeru Faggimus,"Butcher is a great game, it could be a bit longer but having higher difficulties helps balance that out, and personally, playing the game on hard isn't actually hard. The pixel graphics are good, but it would help if they were a little bit smaller, giving the game a bit more detail. The boss at the end of the game could be a little bit harder, whether that be multiple stages or more enemies. Other than that, Butcher is very well made, and I highly recommend it."
